the military never employed petroleum
products come with a handy piece a
little trophy of Pathology entity open
oil is very big business in Mexico so
for the last 10 years we've seen a
steady increase in the price of oil
around the world which is why you have
the cartels getting into the oil
business because it's more profitable
for them to steal and sell than this
cocaine we want to come here and follow
the oil and see exactly where the
cartels have been attacking crude oil is
Mexico's number one export the United
States is its biggest customer that
sounds like good news for Mexico but in
some ways it's a problem since the
nationalization of the petroleum
industry in the 1930s oil has been the
lifeblood of the Mexican economy in fact
the state-owned oil company Pemex
provides about a third of the tax
revenues that the government uses to pay
for everything from welfare programs to
their own salaries and now the drug
cartels that have already destabilized
the country with their bloody ongoing
war with the government are stealing at
oil
Pemex has reported a 1548 percent
increase in illegal siphoning from its
pipeline since the year 2000 creating a
multi-million dollar underground
industry with up to 10,000 barrels of
oil being stolen every day we headed to
the border town of Reynosa to get a
closer look at the cartels newest
enterprise thanks to the presence of
warring cartels Reynosa has become a
place where having army escorts is
essential so we met up with the military
unit decide to protect the Pemex
employees who have to inspect the
company's pipelines in one of the most
dangerous places in Mexico
it's a place where the cartels operate
so freely you can hear them on open
channels monitoring the movements of the
soldiers were supposed to be monitoring
them somewhere out on patrol in the
Mexican army right now we're going to go
to a Pemex pipeline that we think got
broken into yesterday as we're driving
we have a walkie talkie that's tapped
into the frequency of the cartels we're
talking about us saying there are seven
cars on the road coming towards us
so they're scrambling right now Villegas
no sorry emotional Scala person let me
be done civilian with both the Mexican
authorities in the cartels armed to the
teeth many suspect that the reason the
bloody shootouts don't happen here more
often is because the military and Pemex
have been infiltrated by the cartels
allowing them to easily avoid each other
this is where they think the leak is
I used the indicia hopefully this the
aroma alga Salina and then the aroma of
gas is really strong here deeper they
dig the stronger the smell is
the operation to find and fix the
cartels illegal taps is not a small one
once this tap was found specialists from
Pemex were brought in to weld and sealed
the tap but this process is only putting
a bandaid on the problem in 2013 alone
the company found more than 2,000
illegal siphons on its pipelines what
that means is every eight and a half
miles a new siphon is placed on one of
these Pemex pipelines this tap was only
a few feet away from a tap that was
welded shut just a week earlier
the Gulf Cartel and the Zetas competing
in this area we wondered if any one
group was controlling the lucrative
underground trade in oil and fuel we
spoke to dr. George Grayson who has done
extensive research on the cartels
it's the Zetas are the primary thieves
they are making a great deal of money
from the oil industry Los Zetas is a
powerful and violent criminal syndicate
in Mexico and is considered by the US
government to be the most
technologically advanced sophisticated
in dangerous cartel in Mexico the group
was formed in 1997 by soldiers who
defected from the Mexican Army's elite
airmobile Special Forces they are most
notoriously known as a drug cartel with
an affinity for an indiscriminate brutal
violence torture kidnapping and
slaughter but in recent years they have
diversified their activities beyond the
traditional drugs guns and human
trafficking now it's ordinary oil
workers who are living in fear of the
cartels wrath so what are some of the
risks of being an oil worker for Pemex
the risk is pretty clear you either
cooperate or you suffer the consequences
the cliche is
Plata o Plomo that is silver take the
money or Plomo take the lead but often
it's not lead but it's steel in the form
of having your head cut off with a
chainsaw they also prepare qui Soze
these are stews where you take a member
of the family and you put them in a pig
boiler and you pour gasoline on them and
then you set a match to them and because
the Zetas use such sadistic unbelievably
cruel methods typically people will
cooperate with them either for a payment
or for concern that their lives and the
lives of their family members would be
in danger kidnappings and reported
disappearances of oil workers have
terrorized the region more than 50 Pemex
employees have been kidnapped over the
last 10 years the most notorious case
was in 2007 when 38 oil workers went
missing from the Burgos Basin which is
where we'd be going next
those are money through whatever
someone's okay I really tender yeah yeah
we gotta go we gotta go
yeah okay we're being forced to move
very quickly from one spot to the next
because we are in a very very dangerous
area
