it's tuesday july twenty ninth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines a Facebook post written by a
man in Pakistan sparked riots that have
left a woman and her two granddaughters
dead the material was posted online by a
member of the aft midi sect whose
members are Muslim but viewed as
heretics bhaisaab in the country the
picture allegedly contain nudity and a
depiction of the Kaaba the building in
Mecca that Muslims face during prayer
the victim's home was one of several set
on fire in an athletic neighborhood in
the city of Gudrun wala on Sunday they
died of suffocation after weeks of
political wrangling US lawmakers have
announced a deal to reform the
Department of Veterans Affairs the VA
became embroiled in a scandal in April
over the revelation that veterans had
died because of unreasonably long wait
lists the plan will authorize billions
of dollars in emergency spending to fund
new facilities and hire more staff and
veterans will be granted access to
private care if VA doctors can't see
them within two weeks some of the
migrant workers who built luxury offices
for guitars 2022 World Cup organizers
haven't been paid in over a year an
investigation by the UK news
organization the Guardian asserts that
the men who are from Nepal Sri Lanka and
India worked for a now defunct
contractor on a project commissioned
directly by the government they feared
imprisonment ever since the company
abandoned them without paperwork to
continue to work in the country legally
they say they're now exploited for work
that pays a measly dollar a day the
report cast doubts on the Emirates
commitment to labor rights just a few
months after it promised an overhaul of
the system attorneys for security guards
of the American contractor formerly
known as black water so the US
government has hid evidence the men are
accused of killing 14 Iraqi civilians in
2007 their defense team says officials
withheld photos taken by an army captain
of bullet casings at the crime scene
until last week the casings match the
seven point two millimeter round most
commonly fired by the ak-47 that's the
weapon of choice for Iraqi insurgents as
well as government authorities the
lawyers argue the photos could be used
to support the guards claimed that they
were being shot at and returned fire to
defend themselves
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
right now you guys want to be so funny
because you don't know what will happen
we will jump down and then the paula
cole mosquito bites you so new girlie
i'm like an elderly
