it's Friday July 25th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines a Moscow
Court has demonstrated how difficult it
is for Russian citizens to challenge
their president opposition leader Sergei
Udaltsov
and Leonid Raz Vaz Diaz have been
sentenced to four and a half years on
charges of inciting mass riots the two
were accused of organizing protests the
night before Vladimir Putin was
inaugurated for a third term in 2012
police arrested hundreds as the rallies
turned violent the men say the charges
are driven by a witch-hunt for Putin his
opponent a city in northern Nigeria is
cleaning up in the aftermath of twin
suicide bombings which authorities
suspect were carried out by the Islamist
group Boko Haram officials in Kaduna say
the first attacker attempted to barrel
toward a moderate Muslim cleric who was
preparing to lead prayer for a crowd of
thousands they say the second was aimed
at opposition leader and former
President Muhammadu Buhari Bihari was
President Goodluck Jonathan's main
opponent in the last election and
remains a key opposition figure
both men were unharmed by the blasts
which killed at least 82 people
more than half a million row hanga
Muslims in Myanmar are still cut off
from the most basic health services
several months after the expulsion and
withdrawal of medical aid workers
Doctors Without Borders was thrown out
in February after it said it treated
victims of religious violence near the
border with Bangladesh where at least 40
people were killed by Buddhist villagers
other aid groups withdrew from the
country in March after mob attacks on
NGO and UN offices the government had
promised to let most groups back in
April but only food distribution has
resumed and some community leaders say
they don't want aid workers to return if
they're seen to favor the ROA hanga
scientists in the u.s. say that while
people have largely stopped hunting them
cargo ships are threatening the blue
whale population from bouncing back by
plowing right into them a study that
tracked more than a hundred and seventy
blue whales for 15 years suggests that
many of the 2,500 endangered marine
mammals that live off the western US can
be found along some of the country's
busiest shipping routes and scientists
say they are hit despite systems
engineered to spot them and restrictions
on ship speeds check out the right in
his YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
Skinner Rodney Kidani preceded the
co-worker
juanzi lucre name the shell niente is
really Panama's roaring after running
away when a squall cassio water
pronouced putin non-rem
you
