it's Tuesday July 22nd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
dramatic video has emerged of the fatal
shooting of a Palestinian man who was
searching a bombed-out Gaza neighborhood
for family and friends the man was
reportedly surveying the area with
rescue workers who were attempting to
recover bodies from the rubble it
appears he was struck once and then
twice more after hitting the ground
activists of the International
Solidarity movement who recorded and
uploaded the video released a statement
detailing the events that prevented them
from reaching him Human Rights Watch
says since nine eleven American law
enforcement officials have encouraged
and sometimes pressured Muslims into
doing things that could later be
prosecuted as terrorist acts we saw
informants or undercover agents spending
weeks or even months with people working
with them to develop a terrorist plot
often coming up with the idea of a
specific target providing money for
materials providing materials and
pressuring people ultimately to agree to
engage in terrorist acts the rights
group investigated more than two dozen
cases where they say defendants were
targeted for use in federal sting
operations and then were unfairly
prosecuted on terrorism charges the
watchdog is calling for congressional
oversight of investigations to avoid the
persecution of American Muslims fast
food addicts may be thinking twice about
what's for dinner these days city
regulators have shut down shanghai husi
food company after local media reported
it was using meat picked up off the
floor and reprocessing stale meet with
fresh meat for sale two chains like
McDonald's KFC and Pizza Hut China is no
stranger to food safety scares and
suppliers have been closed down over the
last couple of years for a number of
violations
a South African wildlife reserve may
evacuate its rhinos to protect them from
poaching Kruger National Park says it's
a prime target for poachers and that
spreading the animals out across other
reserves may be their only saving grace
more than half of the 560 rhinos poached
in south africa this year were killed in
the park rhino horn is worth a fortune
in some asian countries where it's a
status symbol and used as a healing
agent it's black market value is
substantially higher than cocaine check
out the vice news youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
don't think I did something so you don't
think throwing rocks at net Arabs the
bad thing to do they hate us and if we
want to still live here safely like Jews
should live here we need to bring them
out of here
