it's monday july 21st and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines at least
three people have been killed after a
failed truce between rival Libyan
militias reignited their battle for
control of tripoli international airport
the fighting which began last Sunday
brought air traffic to a halt officials
say damage to planes and buildings will
keep the airport closed for months
thousands of people have fled what's
developed into one of the worst
escalations of violence since the
ousting of former dictator moammar
ghadafi in 2011 Iraq is working to
prevent militants from reaching the
capital but some of that success has
come at a cost soldiers push Sydney
fighters of the Islamic state or Isis
out of a district northeast of baghdad
over the weekend but further north
doctors say airstrikes that targeted
rebel-controlled towns have killed at
least one civilian and wounded dozens of
others in the last few days the UN says
the military isn't doing enough to
protect them a Florida jury has returned
one of the largest verdicts ever against
big tobacco the judgement Awards more
than 23 billion dollars in punitive
damages to the widow of a smoker who
died of lung cancer 18 years ago Cynthia
Robinson sued the RJ Reynolds Tobacco
Company in 2008 claiming the cigarette
maker hid the health risks and addictive
nature of its products her husband
Michael smoked one to three packs a day
for 20 years and died at the age of 36
Spanish police have arrested one of
Colombia's most wanted men Hernan Alonso
via known as el rat√≥n or the mouse is a
leader of the office of envigado the
drug gang absorbed the notorious
medellin cartel after Pablo Escobar's
death via reportedly had more than 200
people under his command and was in
charge of exporting cocaine to the u.s.
Spain and the Netherlands Colombian
police say he's wanted in connection to
more than 300 murders as well as
kidnapping and weapons offenses
check out the Rice's youtube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
sorry bhai ok darling campo de capoeira
in hulud would i lie frost in Han me
Nigel Fatima columns opening mr.
romantic weekend
