the Palestinian national security forces
known as the NSF were set up after the
Oslo Accords in 1993 with the help of
United States training they sometimes
work hand in hand with Israeli forces to
counter the mutual threat of Hamas
militants but they say their hands are
tied by the Israelis who don't trust
them and a Palestinian people who see
them as Stooges of the Israeli regime
and accuse them of frequent human rights
violations so with things really
escalating badly in the Gaza Strip and
clashes all over Israel things have been
relatively calm right now in the West
Bank which is typically an area that's a
big flashpoint we wanted to see why that
is so we got some special act tests
about Palestinian security forces and
we're gonna go tag along with them on
patrol so what's it been like here since
this this phase the conflicts were have
started young ecology we can't explain
is the primatologist ready to condemn
yeah Napoleon or McCool Adele the Fiat
they have to call it shell Florida
Legislature with camel for camera
practice a years hi I won't look too
tough dish smiley hey Monty come on
total education event felony no less wat
een Cheryl democracy honey algebra Texas
where the crostini who share a buck my
authority who attacked CID destroy the
bishop bandwidth in Bukavu manager the
collodion objection
young Annie Shakeel saleen bahar Olympia
Dukakis rock in whom lewd would a late
frost in hand when agile Fatima columns
opening mr. romantic weekend so we're
about to go see another one of the minor
flash points the interesting thing about
this one is that the Israeli troops are
sort of stationed right over here
so the NSF can't get too close there are
rules about that so uniform unite thing
so you can't go any further than here
you know from everything you said it
sounds like there's a lot of frustration
that you have towards the Israeli forces
as well so does that make it hard for
you to come in when the people here are
expressing their frustrations even if or
throwing rocks even if they're if
they're engaged in clashes is it hard
for you to come in and break that up
because you understand where they're
coming from
Kevan Lannister the Queen this way
what about the militant operatives of
groups like Hamas that are active in
this city I mean what is your what is
your sort of operations against them
like so it's pretty clear from talking
with NSF that they're really they're
caught between a rock and a hard place
our guy wouldn't even come this close to
the Israeli tower that's right here
because they're not allowed to engage
the Israelis when the Israelis do
incursions and arrests Palestinians that
there's nothing they can do they're
pretty much powerless that became
especially clear when three Israeli
teenagers were kidnapped and murdered in
a massive show of force IDF soldiers
raided the Hebron area looking for
suspects eventually rounding up more
than 700 Palestinians we went to meet a
local activist Khaled Amira a man who
Palestinian authorities have accused of
being a Hamas affiliate he said he would
bring us to meet a family affected by
the crackdown heparin is thought to be a
Hamas City by the Israelis as far as the
Israelis are concerned Palestinians are
guilty until proven innocent and was a
me wasn't it before this this latest
episode it seemed like Hamas was sort of
losing their support base Hamas is now
perceived by the bulk of the Palestinian
society as being victimized by the
Israelis Hamas never admitted
responsibility for the killing of the
three Israeli settlers no no well no
Palestinian would condemn it and host
any would condemn the kidnapping and
murder of three teenagers well it's not
like that you know
given what the Israelis have been doing
to the Palestinians
voila on the 20th of June and Israeli
force raided this area they claimed they
came under a bullet of stones and they
shot his son have you been coping with
everything mr. Kamin first of Sidra as
any camera without to shift to Samson
unless MCS Menace would apply cannot
abolish very dark the focus way back in
a Allah angle a million VND ventilate a
kitty whoa mom I'm not booked on this
 back I wanna hit funders they ate
the him sleep so right behind - laughs
humming Sookie nothing on me man feed a
little salsa hey too quickly what was
the environment like here at the start
of this crackdown kind of something I
hope psychic in custody never do it me
can i watch you eat falafel if the
complicated relationship between
Palestinian security forces and the
Israelis wasn't enough of a flashpoint
then add this an ultra religious
community of Israeli settlers are living
smack in the middle of heroine 600,000
Palestinians one of the settlers
mortified Hullinger agreed to show us
around so this is the Jewish community
here the kids we don't really have that
much place to grow I want to show you
the the contrast of things that go on
here okay looks like any normal
playground around the world
yeah I can't I look up there's a soldier
up there stopping Arabs from going with
down rocks glass bottles multipack tails
there's a fence there blocking the rocks
from coming down sometimes that is not
enough unfortunately the Arabs practice
at this a lot but to quote the Hamas on
this one not to quote myself
they say that they glorified that as
much as we glorify life and I can kind
of agree with them on that one
Jews only have access to 3% of the city
that tiny little sliver that's the only
place where you can go so what that does
is places that you give the entire
surrounding areas over to a terrorist
organization what we get back from day
one is terror raining down from those
hills you sometimes take out your
garbage you duck not to get him in the
head by a bullet but there's also been
terror attacks from the Jewish community
on the argument here if you look at
tourists from the Arab site they glorify
terror when you have the same thing on
the other side these kids in Gaza that
are six seven years old they've lived
with what three Israeli military
operations and they're not guilty okay
they're not guilty okay first of all
it's horrible what's going on in Gaza I
feel bad for them we want to have them
continue life as best as possible but
unfortunately how many times in Israel
given up for the Palestinian Authority
we pulled out of Gaza what did we get
back tens of thousands of rockets we
give them ammunition it's used against
us we do that it's used against us you
understand what's going on here when you
have such a thing it's hard to come to
peace clashes between the IDF and the
young men of heroine are fairly routine
but things have been even more heated
since the killing of three young
Israelis we went to see firsthand
there's a gathering of young people
around over time so we were all set to
have a nice peaceful evening but as we
were leaving we came upon some burning
tires some young kids out on the street
throwing rocks and we're gonna go check
out what the the standoff is this isn't
on one of the exits from heroine we're
actually the town next to right now we
couldn't get there because the soldiers
are there but it looks like things are
heating up here we've been seeing
ambulances three of them right now
firing at ambulances we've got up
different local journalists who told us
that seven people here been injured four
he says by live bullets and three he
says by plastic heads Israeli forces
then opened fire from about 300 yards
away as Israeli forces clash with
Palestinian youth the Palestinian
security forces are nowhere to be found
you know stuff like this is routine it
does happen and it just continues on and
on
