we know something any casa rosada the
sparingly chip what you Sopranos brown
washes of dunya
we've soccer telemarketing proper washes
of Danya Zucker chakra you Oleg lyashko
is a member of the Ukrainian Parliament
and head of the radical authority who's
taken it upon himself to find and arrest
separatists in eastern Ukraine
he uses his own private security forces
because he claims that the police are
often covering for the separatists and
can't be trusted
he invited us along on one of his
missions we're with Oleg lyashko he's a
former candidate for president we've
come to the lugansk region because he
says that he's got information about
some separatists who he wants to help
capture here we're gonna see how he's
gonna try to do that not only could went
there once we all was in progress or two
years from now they will try you and you
will he show a skill to master our union
with the Commission the topic image is
traditional David scourge it many very
palkojul attack over poster abisco is
separatism near the pinata Vindolanda
Shaboom referendum about you referendum
it's a coalition mechanicus boo
stroboscope rapido viscous offshore
sarin is 800 dinosaur egg nests are
three separate AC dim Lodge monotonic
millet city on this night the Yasmine on
the channel militant Islamic young
carcinogenic militant in mass Vietnamese
so lush NGO thinks that the chief of
police in starobelsk is protecting
victory BALCO who was allegedly involved
in organizing the referendum on the
independence of the Luhansk region in
May so we're heading there to meet the
police chief in person Josh goes a real
populous some would say a nationalist he
calls himself a patriot but he's a real
hate figure in Russia the reason he's
really popular is because he does a lot
of this kind of stuff that's happening
now
yes to terrorists our ability journalist
near promises a deist at least our
opinion not demokratische caution - we -
costly my homework or need a key
you keep around the book is brewing you
can look over the drum use don't know
babies COO is just finding it on the old
star be as diligent about koalas build
meetings Megatron bosnia's wah afternoon
issue in your box to illegitimate
referendum is economy promoted will
president Gbagbo be because it initially
below we will wave t given a bracelet
with systolic within yonder rocky
operating cauliflower greens colada with
no
there was little the terrorists and with
Luther he proposed to was October 30
it's the Kiki acquittal Mui you may my
Mata keyboard Craney Jim specialist I
might be missing even on the role that
you're especially you need to eat a
Gianni's share special with Hawaii does
respond know you but kinder all share a
special way Hattori's to read Camus so
hard now but you can say yet another
mummy see publish articles me missus
will you do it or Chavez from keep
Lucetta your chore sport is mobile yet
set but the Muslim ways now you kiss
Casillas always you Oh probably that was
intense
yes go just basically tore that guy in
the hole but it's actually true there's
been a problem when the police force in
Ukraine because as the separatist forces
have been coming in local police
officers while still wearing Ukrainian
badges on their arms have totally
allowed them to do whatever they want in
the areas that they control this is a
big problem in eastern Ukraine with the
police this is a pro Russia rally in
Stara Beal square both Rabaul Co seen
clapping gear and the Chief of Police
are both in attendance
so we're on the move we're out looking
for these people that Nashville says are
separatists who he wants to have
arrested we're in a column of three cars
he's in the first car none of the cars
have license plates we're in the last
car and we've got all the gunmen here
with us imagine a bunch of guys with
guns come to your house in the middle of
the night to ask where your neighbors
would be freaking terrifying this guy is
a parliamentary deputy I'd like to see
one of our senators creeping around town
in the United States doing the same
thing be insane
chile de marisco solution is your new
second place military support this new
Palma Apogee stay at the top stinger
studio a senior let me see you
Nicolay Lunia referendum color ranges or
neuron is over testing each owner avada
he never stopped Onomichi in her turn
invest in each owner with a problem is
looks like they got their man I didn't
expect it
that this night the dispersion would
actually amount to anything but I mean
to be honest this whole thing is
completely oh people please please he's
terian they're taking him to a police
station now and I don't know what
they're gonna have to say about this
so the community I mean we bazaar is the
string a chip watching is us to reduce
the net very much region even this many
come on little many cuz of you missed
nipper wide
there's many cutoff ship in his life no
but he only show up in his life just
isn't much on the community this way so
what happened after they brought in the
suspected separatist was that the Chief
of Police for the Lugansk region asked
the chief of police of this town to
write a letter of resignation for not
having caught the separatist before it
looks like he's out of a job the issue
with police is a big issue that's been
happening in the east throughout this
conflict because a lot of the police
have been cooperating with the
separatists when they've been coming in
and taking over police stations and
administration buildings standing off to
the side not getting involved in not
arresting anyone and that's what
allagash Co thinks the chief of police
of this town is guilty of too
you
