it's Tuesday July fifteenth and hear
some of the news beyond the headlines
why not the leader of the Islamist group
that kidnapped more than 200 girls from
a school in northern Nigeria has mocked
the social media campaign launched to
raise awareness about the abductions
boko haram leader Abubakar Shekau is
seen dancing and laughing in this video
released by the group Shekau calls on
president goodluck jonathan to release
Boko Haram members leaders celebrities
and journalists across the globe have
joined the campaign since the April
kidnappings holding up signs with the
hashtag bring back our girls some of the
students have escaped but the majority
are still being held by the group a
Paris rally against Israel's latest
military operations in Gaza turned
violent on Sunday police fired tear gas
at crowds of protesters throwing
projectiles in bestial square and
elsewhere in the French capital
authorities stopped protesters from
breaking into two synagogues about
10,000 people marched through the French
capital against operation protective
edge which has killed more than 160
Palestinians in the last week
a shia iraqi clerk has called on his
followers to protect holy Christian and
Muslim site from fighters of the Islamic
state supporters of muqtada al-sadr have
traveled to samara to prepare for any
advances by the Sunni fighters fighters
of Iraq's al-qaeda branch destroyed one
of samaras most important Shia shrines
in 2006 spurring some of the country's
most intense sectarian violence to date
a group of Chinese designers has
produced a small boat using the
country's largest 3d printer and it's
actually usable the solar-powered
printer finished the nearly 20 foot long
rowboat in only 10 hours and for only
around eighty dollars the team hopes to
create a wide variety of items in the
future with the printer such as
household items and medical equipment
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
salimos pune lara armas next entry
makati SI mira problem colostrum
patterns on a tech crews from booze
london deep-ando
