in elemental el gobierno Meraki embody
Oh mi patria campus oh I'm a top
introduced me Padre lineup aha I'm a
charlatan
- metallic eyeshadow honey - all MOOC
today is a really big day for the Sahara
wheeze it's the 30th anniversary of the
Declaration of the Sahara we are of
Democratic Republic and to celebrate
just going to be a parade here in the
camp of booster which Elizabeth we see a
republic under 350 calories a Halloween
coffee goes on under fear the Viennese
people feel not fatally to Deesa Haryana
see
you celebrate me off it left nipple
cassava oxy note I'll eat your food
occupation jama'at hotel ev'ry para para
la mesa Halloween a vehicle take a look
e peanut no Paula Murphy the Sahara
wheeze are native to the arid western
part of the Sahara
but despite the International Court of
Justice recognizing their right to their
land most of Western Sahara has been
illegally occupied by Morocco since 1975
a 16-year war broke out between Morocco
and the Saharawi liberation movement the
Polisario
in 1991 the UN brokered ceasefire
promised a referendum in Western Sahara
the 23 years later nothing has changed
Western Sahara is now divided into two
by a two thousand seven hundred
kilometer long sand wall surrounded by
some seven million landmines
while more than a hundred thousand
Saharawi fled across the border to
Algeria during the war where they have
been waiting for for decades to return
to their homeland most Sahara we still
languish under moroccan rule yeah it
wasn't thank you Dad oh and isn't
smooth
where have you hidden Nanshan ski a dick
Nakata of an Apache mercy on Tunisia on
the Middle's male faith healer come on
sing volley tell it to our creepy sharks
in hotel a vacant manifestation though
like Elvis have a meteor this organ is a
term will upon here ha ha ha are the ass
you say Vadim is evening in October 2010
said Achmed helped mobilize to give
their music protest camp nearly you the
capital of occupied Western Sahara
thousands of Sahara was gathered to
demonstrate against their unequal social
and economic status and the brutal
oppression of the human rights when
Morocco cracked down on the protest said
Achmed managed to escape he had to leave
his family cross the desert then paid
the Moroccan army to let him pass
through the Sanwa
and finally risk his life in the
minefields to find refuge with the
Polisario in algeria yarmulke in bone
epidemic RTC mera problem callosum
patterns an attack from both land and
upon dawn
in the situation of ceasefire has been
going on since 1991 our young people
getting tired of this look at this
obscenity under center or about known
hell you doing that we can hear them in
item hello you hidden study at home
consent
pain aside we attack visual it's a lot
of sealant and in typography salimos
Kalle mozcon alarma a de armas next
entrant oh we run away to see the
Polisario run in refugee camps for the
first time we were shown around back met
some a war veteran and commander of the
Polisario he drove us to one of the caps
so that we could see for ourselves what
life is like for the more than a hundred
thousand Saharawi refugees
all the desert around here is just
barren lands
it's our nomadic people needs to be able
to travel and since the wall and the
occupation they can't do that anymore
look mrs. goofy here moon do so many
other latina Senate disseminated Edison
an affiliation and adamant in saying
haha nanuya any attained ahuna Ella
assess Adi rottenness terrier Arden Sena
Brian if it fits nice in Mossad
Aruna Makabe regime Ali Bhutto washes no
honey honey
not enough until our is to plan going to
visit a family to see how they live and
add a tell dear general Masada Lee tardy
dammit are there hey limited in case
where I let Hubble were lifted with a
citrus shot or Church about I let it fit
in it yeah Nemo and America Camilla
why are you giving up your life
to fight the Moroccan government burner
pretty elemental gobierno Meraki embody
Oh mi patria empezó amitabha
yeoman are enforces communist Amelie
Amelie Desiree's entry owes me Padre
Kaif where encarcelado y asesinato en
las calles mess me hermano tambien k-fed
des aparecido
desde el me novecientos suchen taeyeon
estoy de maison de chillon loco hey
Louis Marin yo yebin en el hijo Claro yo
Lanson hacia la tierra mess las voces
communis lo entire and Evos all the five
camps here around Tindouf are named
after cities in the occupied territories
samara layún boost are Dhokla and most
of the people who live here have never
even been to these places have never
even set foot where their parents and
grandparents were born and they've lived
like refugees for 40 years on a food aid
program that is supposed to last no
longer than three years and they choose
to live like this because if they would
settle down that will mean that they're
no longer refugees and that they've
given up
this guy will sit here on this tree all
day and if he sees an enemy soldier
he'll give a signal and suddenly I don't
know where all these soldiers appear
from secret tunnels so dusty in here
in a panel Amarillo something hello Todd
