it's Monday July 14th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines French
defense minister jean-yves Ludo Lyon has
announced plans to end the country's
military operations in Mali
he says the troops will be redeployed to
the wider sat head region to protect it
from turning into a safe haven for those
planning international terrorist attacks
France sent forces to Mali in January
2013 to drive out armed Islamist groups
who had seized control of the north of
the country following a separatist
uprising health workers in Sierra Leone
say fear and suspicion are complicating
their efforts to stop the spread of the
Ebola virus Red Cross volunteers have
gone door-to-door in communities to
raise awareness but they find that many
people avoid travelling through
checkpoints that test for the virus
scared they'll be taken away to die and
they say others who show symptoms refuse
to go to the hospital and prefer to die
at home West Africa's Ebola outbreak has
killed more than 530 people since
February there's no cure or vaccination
for the disease and it can kill up to
90% of those infected a crisis has been
averted in Afghanistan's presidential
runoff drama for now contenders Abdullah
Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani have agreed to
cooperate with a UN supervised vote
recount US Secretary of State John Kerry
traveled to Kabul on Friday to try to
broker a deal between the two
preliminary results put Ghani ahead of
Abdullah but both candidates claimed
victory and accused each other of voter
fraud and intimidation
Peru's government is mulling an old
method of cracking down on drug
trafficking president Leon to whom Allah
says the airforce may soon be allowed to
shoot down planes used to smuggle drugs
the country stopped the tactic in 2001
after the military mistakenly downed a
plane carrying an American missionary
family the UN says Peru has in the last
couple of years overtaken Colombia as
the world's largest producer of cocaine
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world what
happened you're not scared right now I'm
scared I'm scared yeah
no you're okay Oh
