Israel's current military campaign in
Gaza operation protective edge started
on July 8th the next day vice news
crossed into Gaza to get a first-hand
look at the situation we're in Gaza City
right now we just arrived Israeli ships
have been shelling it from the sea it's
been getting hit hard from the air
there's a bit of a low right now but as
you can see the streets are completely
deserted
everyone's pretty much scared to come
out of their homes right now and they're
expecting it to get worse tonight
we're in an area called the shaker on
one which is home to a lot of Hamas
leaders so they hit neighborhoods like
this very hard the leaders go
underground but their houses still get
blown up we're just driving around there
was sirens speeding what we're seeing
right now was there's an attack on a car
we've got ambulances here we've got
people crowding in the streets still
Gaza quintal good newsman Joseph get the
gift
ahaan my main another visa for
hospitality meter for us the Natuna do
what what happened
it wasn't Israeli war plane flying right
over where we were standing
so we're seeing so what we're seeing
right now is you know the cycle cycle of
attack the car gets bombed here half an
hour ago
Hamas sends rockets out like we just saw
right here I think I counted one two
three four five maybe four maybe five
maybe six seven seven I'm telling seven
and uh just keeps going and going and
escalating and escalating no sign of
stopping right now
you're not scared right now I'm scared
I'm scared yeah no no you're okay
oh man I know I know witness
identification of Johnny man I am a
latina
I've never been at home mr. John home I
get with Malaysia McAfee MSM attache so
we just left the side of that car that
was struck and three people were killed
in it and we're told that those three
people were commanders in Islamic Jihad
which is one of the militant groups here
this is one of the precision strikes
that is what talks about but that was in
an area where there were a lot of
civilians and in Gaza you know it's one
of the most densely populated areas in
the world so a lot of the times you have
these strikes they're civilians very
close by and some of them get killed as
well so we're at the main hospital right
now in Gaza we heard it was a little
quiet yesterday but today it's been
completely jam-packed you know
casualties coming in all the time
they're running low on supplies but as
you can see here it's also sort of a
media circus everyone knows that this is
the place to go when you want to sort of
cover what's going on here
see there's a really young child right
there as well five years motivation is
overdue to Zach's please explosive
injury with severe head trauma brain
brain edema there is also many cases
young adult male order and his a severe
lung injury
we have no intimate photos and new faces
these four five cases just come here to
insert previous two hours really we are
very very sad as you as it as you see so
this is a child five years and just out
there is another child about the this
isn't language yeah much to say about
the situation then like I was everyone
coping with this you see this disasters
everything you see the mothers houses
everywhere around the injuries and this
year they said this Thoris this is as
something unbelievable to see a kids
like this as they could occur goes we
know there have been strong words from
both sides from from government here and
from the Israeli government are you
expecting the situation to get worse
they expect me to get better I hopefully
you know TV stop there's a yeah they
know this is not gonna make a decent
future we want this cycle of the dish to
be stopped the women want those people
to be understand this is not making
these if they thinking about be Sunday
talking about bees we should stop and we
sit sitting on one-third of the throat
we went to see how the few people still
out in the street we're coping with the
attacks
but does it feel different from what
happened two years ago us woman away I
solve it been adenosine that's what we
fear and I was you couldn't push in all
the Roman walls of any minute it is not
false -
you know your young men a lot of the
people in the resistance are young men
is there pressure on you on your friends
to join any of these resistance
movements the enemy's let's include a
serviceman alminia
yahuwah happy to follow me as soon as it
got dark the attack started to intensify
so it was a really long night bombing
sort of continued throughout we try to
get some sleep around 4:00 or 5:00 a.m.
there was a really loud blast around
6:00 it's a little calmer today we heard
a few blasts already this morning um so
we're going to go into the city and sort
of see what damage has been done
throughout the course of the night it's
a hard place for a reporter to do their
job it's especially hard for moment'
fighters
he's very nice to meet you thank you he
lost both his legs in an Israeli
airstrike a few years ago and he's still
at it
we're in the east of Gaza City right now
we're about to go see and talk to a man
whose house was just destroyed this
right here used to be a house the whole
thing is completely leveled one god
forbid fetch mm la la Flor de Haan I'm
and let's bet on a second but this is a
good signal to get the out yeah
that means you're gonna hit that okay we
should we should go I don't I don't like
the sound of that drone okay okay
the entire time we were we were filming
at that house you could hear the buzzing
of the drones it's really persistent
it's continuous it was loud the loudest
I've heard it since I've been here I
think it's known for being an area that
where a lot of members of the resistance
live you know that could have been a
warning shot and the feeling there was
just we had to we have to go
how did you feel at the house that we
were just that because I was ready to
Ryu Vienna related sorry Lester death
yet agreement I would more healthier
Morrison Annette also when Nicole Phil
McKenna fie sir fie Joseph attorney
Adina Howard knowledge more Kalina
Sabina Turkey lalala a lot of Leonie we
inshallah an imbecile she I am a crooner
you hadn't can you tell us about what
happened to you confinement a freer and
below and other car and in the Finland
and general Israeli Tennessee the
fictional mubashir shakily mubashir
parts the clock were you scared
I kept a camera moto had a summer top of
the any bill insane the big door Sheldon
ominous a hidden agenda and no Hatillo
Sophia schmoozer exertion it Helen
Maldonado that night we wanted to get
the best view we could of the assault on
Gaza the safest place we found was the
15th floor of a media building where we
stayed up all night watching bombs drop
with local journalists
we're in a media building right now
we've been here most of the night we're
hearing you know a lot of shelling it's
very intermittent so sometimes we're not
seeing where it's hitting other times
you're seeing sort of fireballs pop up
we're here with a bunch of Palestinian
journalists they've been up for 20 hours
they say the past few days they've
rarely slept they're filming the entire
thing we've been told not to leave there
was a driver of a generalist car who was
struck a few hours ago we don't think
we're going to sleep and it's just sort
of pounding pounding pounding it'd be
quiet for half an hour and then you'll
hear either a plane strike you can tell
sometimes what's from the ships because
it's sort of like a duck duck Duck Duck
and we don't know when it's gonna end
cheese do fried this like I'm trying to
understand how it feels to be to be a
Gaza and you see Hamas doing these
attacks but you know that when they
attack more attacks on Israelis will
come I feel proud that we have a small
movement and they they fight Israeli
army like like a big country's do you
think that if I ma stopped attacking the
Israelis would stop attacking actually
no yeah I think so eating now
after three days I think
yeah there's the ships flying right now
you can see this big building right here
the imminence in front of it that's our
hotel we heard a few booms I saw one of
the incoming shells come in
apparently it hit the back area of the
hotel there's something right there look
look look look look look holy
they just hit the hotel the shell didn't
actually hit the hotel but struck the
port behind it we saw out go and fire
from the area earlier you can see over
here there's still ambulance trucks
that's where that big fire was earlier
tonight and it looks like one of the
shells struck literally 10 meters away
from the patio in the hotel where we ate
dinner what eight hours ago we're going
back to the hotel because they want us
away from the patio but that's that's
where it is here this is supposed to be
a safe area it's where a lot of foreign
journalists stay and they know that and
this is the one area you're supposed to
be safe and in Gaza but it's like we
keep hearing when we ask this question
are we safe here there's nowhere safe in
Gaza right now
