it's Friday July 11th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines about 1300
Mexican and Central American migrants
were left stranded in the middle of
nowhere when the cargo train they were
writing to get to the US derailed the
train came off the tracks in the
southern Mexican state of Oaxaca
emergency services say nobody was
seriously injured and that heavy rain
may have caused the accident
migrants often hop on top of the trains
cargo cars in the middle of the night to
hitch a ride it's nicknamed the Beast
and the train of death and has derailed
several times in the past many of those
migrants could be turned right back
around if they make it to the border
during a meeting in Guatemala City US
homeland security chief Jay Johnson told
regional officials he wants to speed up
deportation hearings to try and put a
stop to the recent cross-border surge
and he said minors aren't exempt the
children who make it to our border will
be taken care of while they are in our
custody
but in most cases they are unlikely to
qualify for any sort of humanitarian
relief and under our legal process they
must be returned home the u.s. is
spending tens of millions of dollars to
boost border security and support
repatriation and reintegration programs
for Central American citizens who are
sent back home
a drought-stricken city in the state of
Texas is improvising to get its
residents clean drinking water Wichita
Falls has launched a six-month program
to recycle treated wastewater to
increase the drinking supply the city
has started to send millions of gallons
of sewage water through a 12-mile
pipeline to a treatment plant for
further purification a Polish company is
producing a new line of assault rifles
and handguns to adapt to the rapidly
changing landscape of modern warfare
manufacturer Looch nick is making guns
that users can modify from sniper to
assault rifle
it says the feature is particularly
handy in urban settings poland's
military will be the first test subjects
replacing russian ak-47s with the more
compact weapons which are called modular
small armed systems the company says it
hopes to soon expand to civilian markets
including the u.s. check out the Vice
News YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world in the store because that's
the atmosphere here the situation is not
easy
