if the figure over the periscope wanted
to grounded faculty the hotel Walton is
here under Putin I measure the fellow
Otago move to theoretical curve in sake
vehicles it was like here only who
kassapa Danny
there are many interpreters now in
hiding in Afghanistan and everyone I
interviewed had similar stories of
violence and death threats almost one
and a half kilometers away from a home
those insurgents of Taliban start
shooting me in in my car then I cut it
is seriously injured and my brother got
killed in one of my other villagers got
killed in that car so can you go back to
your village no it is not possible it
has been like over 11 years that I've
been working for US government directly
in there for people in the area I really
think that I'm the one who is telling
the security forces to search the houses
and do some operation in the area
the Taliban's around in Afghanistan but
nobody is able to recognize this guys
like they were Taliban you know I'm
facing trades it's not only Taliban but
my relatives about my neighbors about
the people here around me living around
me they talk like you're no longer a
Muslim and
until the Taliban they're telling us all
the time like we are the United States
spy and if being accused of being an
American spy weren't enough people also
think wrongly that the interpreters were
paid well making them targets of Thieves
they cam inside our house and they stole
everything that trade is like we are
working with the United States and you
have a lot of money give me the money
where is your account but during the
couple years the only money we gained
like it was about $15,000 $14,000 it's
not a good man for us if you knew then
what you know now you wouldn't have
taken the job no if I knew that the
Coalition for slimming
I'll never choose this job at all I lost
by destiny we are in present in our own
country
all Fridays our vacations all holidays
we stay at home so I still all the time
at home these interpreters had all the
usual documents but amongst them was one
startling letter containing evidence to
the threats come from everywhere and
wait it was not uncommon for some of the
Afghan National Police we trained to
have ties to the Taliban and that these
because of this some students would
threaten interpreters with death for
helping coalition forces that's true the
police the American trains and funded
police yes but people I think would
expect you to have threats from the
Taliban enemy but but from yeah the good
guys yeah there's gonna ruin use image
yeah simple if the government forces
we've trained and funded who we claim
were ready to protect the Afghan people
are actually colluding with the Taliban
and threatening the interpreters then
truly the mission has failed while our
leaders will never admit this surely it
isn't too much to ask
they're our most loyal ally is the
offered protection the stakes couldn't
be higher if I asked any Afghan what
will happen to the interpreters after
what would they say it'll tell you that
none of the world be alive anymore they
have killed a lot of interpreters
everyone knows everyone
it's not like something hidden they have
they killed them and videotape and put
them on YouTube
the Taliban's official spokesman Zebulon
Mujahid agreed to an interview but only
by phone what is the policy of the
Taliban towards interpreters in my hko
they also have support clear water that
humanity would matki then I have one son
the help of the Power Move the part that
the militant and opposed sake Alex
Mallin McGee our direction
Buddhism then returns by linnaeus
governmental key our hallux button is
entirely irrelevant I will kill merciful
Thank You lamentable key look at this
repossession
these threats are very real no one knows
how many interpreters have been killed
so far but several have been brutally
murdered on camera and used for
propaganda if you don't get visas what
will you do borrow money give somebody
to take myself out of here to be
smuggled out yeah because I have no
other way if I sit here I can get killed
but you would leave your wife and
children I will I will leave because I
see everyday the situation day by day
going to worse because American leave
Afghanistan for the reason I told my
father if you just take care of my
family and I will move some you like had
an interpreter I will just escape from
this country put yourself on that fact
sometimes on the wheels sound dangerous
that is dangerous to many people's world
dead
