it's Friday July 4th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Ukrainian
troops and pro-russian separatists are
accusing each other of killing at least
nine people in a village in the luhansk
region on Wednesday fighting in the east
of the country has intensified since the
temporary ceasefire expired on Monday
some residents in this video blamed the
government in Kiev for an airstrike that
destroyed many of the villages houses
syrian activists say rebel fighters have
withdrawn from to eastern towns to allow
the Islamist militant group Isis to gain
more ground
the rebels are said to belong to the
al-qaida aligned group the nusra front
they posted this video online pledging
their allegiance to Isis which the main
branch of al-qaeda split ties with
earlier this year the pullout gives Isis
most of the control of the border
province of datas ooh expanding on the
territory its fighters have seized in
Syria and Iraq over the last three weeks
British politicians are calling the
failure to protect a hundred and seventy
thousand women and girls in the UK from
female genital mutilation a national
scandal a report released this week says
medical staff who don't report incidents
should be punished the practice has been
illegal in the UK since 1985 but no
attempts were made to prosecute anyone
for the crime until this year female
genital mutilation originates in parts
of the Middle East in Africa where it's
largely aimed at reducing the likelihood
of premarital sex the dumping of toxic
waste is killing Pakistan's marine life
tens of thousands of shellfish have
washed ashore clifton beach in the port
city of Karachi environmentalists say
the disposal of toxic chemicals and
sewage water into the ocean is
destroying the region's ecosystem check
out the Vice News YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
seeing any Armour as heavy as this up
until now this is either a psychological
maneuver against the separatists in slow
this means a realization of the conflict
