I'm assuming this is called a staff fest
cuz it's down supposed to prevent you
from getting stabbed yeah come on
how much time you got
come on y'all I've Salinas Valley State
Prison is comprised of several units
there's the general population yards
where the majority of inmates are housed
but there's also another unit and this
is where the prison suspected gang
leaders and most violent inmates are
harbored all the inmates are housed in
here or in here for various reasons it
could be disciplinary in nature maybe
they caused a battery on another inmate
of the yard
murdered another em a drug distribution
in the quarter century in which
America's prison population quadrupled
the emphasis was on keeping criminals
off the street not rehabilitating them
in prison there was tremendous
gang-related violence and the
perpetrators of that violence often
ended up in places like this ad seg unit
known commonly as the halt a prison
within the prison time you're in a
administrative segregation unit such as
this or anywhere else in the state of
California
you're mandated to wear he stab vest
underneath you know my shirt does a
lieutenant we always wears down best at
all times
officer lamellae he's going to shoot us
some best so we can walk down to those
tiers
I'm assuming this is called a stab vest
does it stab splits prevent me from
getting stabbed yeah we're ready to go
let's do this right
okay so we're milling here listen up go
to post to the door hey towards the side
okay for g30 Casey up gas scenes and
stuff like that yeah yeah guessing by
the way means they throw on you hey
you alright good how long you guys been
been down here no no in AD seg since
January how about you man
you've been an ad seg for a year crazy
how long you been down man how many you
got you got a determinant sense yeah
seventeen toe so they get this a couple
hours ten hours a week and hours a week
I'm out in here come in here step below
this guy will be cuffed out close the
port or close the door and we'll open up
the floor to remove the cuffs and you
come out here for a couple hours
exercise for ten hours ten hours per
week yes I do a lot of burpees a lot of
squats a lot of push-ups you know it
opens they don't call it a prison
workout for that purpose is a real
popular workout yeah I bet it is yeah
one of the most popular ones we see on
the yards so it's gonna lot of guys I'll
jump down and they'll do the stomach it
oh yeah a stomach trying to tighten a
kind of the the abs to reduce the
violence that lands people in places
like ad seg when warden Randy Browns
walks around asking maximum security
inmates to talk about their feelings
it's a huge shift in mindset unless I
have a little bit about counseling what
it means to you what you've learned or
what your experience has been like
I think console is pretty great for
it shows people to hope they can open up
really can change so many of us go under
the same impression down we got to be
the hard individual that we're not
allowed to feeling it Venus and why
we're allowed to see that hey yeah we
can change and there is an alternative
way that said it's her own violence here
he gives his chance to open up to one
another to share each other's shoulder
to the story that normally that we want
to do on any other yard being over here
we're allowed to interact with all the
groups that's why on the art you
normally see whites blacks Mexicans
Indians everyone programming together I
guess goes in the show and we sit down
hey all our stories are different places
was still the same story personal with
somebody inside the level for that you
are either weak or you were just going
to get pounded into the ground
warding grounds has rehab programs at
Salinas Valley even though half the
inmates are serving life sentences and
won't have a chance at parole until they
do at least a quarter of a century
behind bars but a chance creates hope
and hope reduces violence and welcome
back to beautiful sunny Wisconsin Julian
fun-filled we do you know high maximum
security prison over look at the
beautiful Salinas Valley Salinas Valley
you know if it wasn't for the guard
towers the electric fence the concertina
wires and the prison you don't do so bad
oh and the several hundred inmates
serving 25 years to life forgot about
that
you know just overlooked the murderer
rat you know robbers Bergen
last thing I want was one of these guys
that are being released is a graduate to
that next level of crime commit murder
on a family member of mine or a friend
of mine and everybody needs to have that
mindset in this entire country not just
California it's this entire country
inmates are being released and if we're
not giving them something then shame on
us we have to do something and by
offering programs we're taking steps
there's little steps but you gotta you
gotta crawl before you walk
you know so that's what we're doing here
we've got the chapel
hey are you doing all right jack how you
doing good good to see you the same - I
think that that's probably one of the
things that we struggle with most as men
is how to take the high road in a
situation disrespect and that personal
accountability that personal
responsibility that you're talking about
it has ramifications like that pond and
the that pebble in that pond that that
you won't see but I tell you the they're
there and it affects affects the yard
affects the other image it affects the
staff you're really holding the key to
that you're making those decisions and I
just appreciate that as men that I was
hoping somebody can maybe tell me what
this group is all about but its life in
uh you know it allows us to develop an
understanding all the resources that are
available both in the prison and outside
the prison for possibly parole but all
this behind
so just forgive my ignorance but why for
me and say you have a life sentence yeah
I've been down for 38 years are there
other people who are up for parole
you aren't you yeah my fellow veteran
over here okay I'm going to July you are
after 21 years 21 years Wow Wow and do
you do you have any way to assess like
what the odds are of making parole my
arts now since I have all these groups
I'm learning about inside victims
awareness empathy and sympathy for the
victims if I caused detrimental arm to
you know Oh
probably a good chance let's say about
73 I mean a lot of you guys have been
down a long time do you ever think like
holy like now I might actually get
out and like the world's changed a lot
and I got to figure out how I'm going to
fit in this new world if I get out
everybody in here is a lifer everybody
in here is a life sentence the only way
we're making out is through the parole
board a lot of guys in here are ex-gang
members a lot of guys in here are ex
drug addicts alcoholics and so making
the change all these groups they talked
about the group's earlier a lot of us
here have been down like you said 20
years 25 years some of these guys and
you're down thirty years forty years
we're learning from each other has
anybody from this group been paroled
yeah yeah I got granted parole you did
you have a date I'm waiting on that
right now
I got granted parole in December the
governor approved my parole in March and
I signed my parole papers I'm just
waiting for a date now so hopefully
within the next couple of months yeah
after 25 years Wow long have you been
clean 15 yeah so you used for your first
decade in prison I did a lot for my
first day yeah why these guys all laugh
it right out what do they know that I
don't happen well there's we know the
fact that I'm still going a little for
prison after 15 years a clean time tell
us a lot of these guys I got into a lot
of trouble when I first got locked up
who's eligible for parole in the next
couple of years how did you get from
like a regular yard a mainline yard to
an SNY yard I had to drop off debrief
you debriefed so you're in the gangs and
then you debriefed yeah what's that mean
oh you gotta give up
ah gotta give up the gang life you've
got to give us a way of life you were
living on the main line as far as
hurting people you know uh pot none
you know yeah what game were you in I
was just getting it on the Thunder man
huh and now you've grown it long is that
now you're the offset okay you just
wanted your hair back was that the whole
thing pretty much see you got a you
change out to go to work is that the
idea yeah it's a security thing you know
they don't want us just playing clothes
back here how many fights you been in so
allow about I don't know 25 30 someone
runner
I've probably been at about four or five
nine fights
I've had my hand cut right here I've had
my ear cut I've had my head stabbed but
you're all right I'm all right now I've
made a good Navy SEAL Italian I don't
have been stabbed in hey horshack yeah
good name is Syria I guess our or lucky
so you you ordered guys to get hit
yeah because you're a shot-caller sure
yeah that's uh I was on on a couple
rings of the ladder yeah that's so sweet
I wasn't real high I mean I I knew a lot
of people had a lot of influence
I was a quick learner and Yamina the
politics you know that's probably what
saved me from either getting butchered
or killed
aunt
Prison was a hard life
I'm prepared to be over here glad to be
I that mares so this is a success right
Donny is the success story that's that's
the whole point is to get a guy like
that
from being a shot caller in the main
yards to coming over having a heart
change as the word describes it and with
a little hope of maybe getting out one
day
something Congrats bro and you've been
since 99 right you know I got locked up
in a big bloody fortune that we did last
time you're doing this walk it's like a
lot of people yelling people seem to be
pretty pretty excited
