a yard at Salinas Valley is the SNY
or the sensitive needs yard it's for
inmates who are at risk in general
population some of them because they
dropped out of gangs here you can
actually talk to some more interesting
inmates like Trixie when I decided to
leave the gang you know I decided to
work with this and find myself why do I
mean by I feel like a woman like this
and this and that and as I see
psychology psychiatrists I call it
psychologist another came to a
conclusion that I am transgender right
and that's why I felt the way I felt on
top of your crime you have snapped with
15 years you have 15 years for being
part of the gay yes and my crime hadn't
been done to to my crime had nothing to
do with some with hottie colleagues and
they benefiting the gang for us I just
want to know like how important the
gangs are in prison the prison the gangs
are your life you know and me when I was
an active gang member you know my homies
meant everything to me it got to a point
where was kind of sad what is true my
homes were more important than my family
when you come in the officers when
you're stripped down and you get dressed
it could be an image to do your time
where do you come from sir I can find
the man of your gang from East Los
Angeles you're a southern Hispanic you
go over there
so they label you at the top yeah so
when you get into to the prison yard
everyone already knows would say -
blonde - yeah and then once you're here
and you I mean you're in it for a long
time right you're written six years here
a shot-caller all that stuff and yards
he did I would put a lot of people in
this yard then why would you say like go
sticks on what would they have done that
would make you call a hit on them snitch
I work with staff work what's that
trail to our waste you know that's the
ultimate reps in is to betrayed your own
homes and how to call it and fail to put
in work when asked what do you mean by
put in work if you know sometimes you
got to know your enemies and make an
example like who you are you are you
earn your respect by five having people
putting in work good evening we're
hurting it you know really taking their
window in though term was with the knife
we have a knife is use it where it do
you feel bad about the people you
ordered hit song um no because a
desertions it's the way it works you
know so I just came over from Delta Y
are on the GP yard nobody would talk to
me they're not supposed to if they talk
to you feel they're contributing to
their exposing like the questions you
ask them it would be like a debriefing
question yeah you know so then they
would get down infinity they can't even
talk to officers so what would happen if
those guys talk to me yeah if there's
nobody in the yard is running it I get
away with the clue I doubt they can get
hurt actually I came in with 10 yeah now
picked a 15 and then a fix of 10
I'm gonna pick the five so you could
have been out oh yeah I've been out a
long time I could've been out like back
that's the game I left
