hey everybody we're here live with
Kurtis shanley and you know him a little
bit now we're also here with his
girlfriend Tanya tap who if you don't
know yet hopefully you'll get to know
her because she plays a real important
role in his life and in this story and
you probably don't know me because I'm
usually on the other side of the camera
my name is Andrew Glazer and I produced
a segment you just saw and what we
wanted to do was something a little
different and that is continue the
conversation with you our viewers the
way we'll do that is I hope you'll tweet
questions to the hashtag VA at home or
you can also send record Instagram video
questions and post them to this with the
same hashtag hashtag VA at home so we're
going to start with the first question
which actually comes from our
correspondent who unfortunately couldn't
be here her name is Janet toboni she did
a great job and her a message to you is
what up Kurtis would you encourage young
people to join the military and deploy
given the VA care you got I yeah
absolutely
you know the VA unfortunately is broken
right now and with all this media
coverage and great people like yourself
getting the story out there and more
veterans standing up and demanding
action
it's gonna get fixed the military is a
great system if you're a young person
and you want to learn discipline and you
want a springboard to the rest of your
life you want to go to college and get a
degree I mean that was the greatest
experience of my life you know and it
has given me so much there is so much
support out there for veterans I just
got a call today and I got invited on a
three-day all-expense-paid fishing trip
you know by a veteran's support group
and so there's help out there you know
definitely I wouldn't let it discourage
them the goal of the piece was to put a
human face on a problem that had kind of
migrated to Washington and became a
story a political story and it was easy
to forget that
it really is about tens of thousands of
veterans like you that we're not getting
the care that they deserved I'm
wondering if you and your experiences
have come across other veterans who are
going through similar things oh yeah I
meet him every time I go to the VA I
meet him at school you know on college
campuses the stories that we tell are
pretty universal you know it's kind of
one of those things where you kind of
shake your head oh the VA oh yeah you
know let me hear your horror story you
know what I mean everyone's got their
story about the VA to tell it's kind of
like going on deployment you come home
and you got deployment stories still you
know I met a Vietnam veteran who I
became friends with he's you know 70
something years old and I go eat lunch
with him now and you know he's been
dealing with the same problems his whole
life so it's definitely not uncommon so
why did we the media take so long to to
blow this up or why why did Washington
take so long to to look at these
problems if all of you who have been
talking about these problems for for as
long as you have you have to understand
that the veteran the veteran community
is very prideful and it's very we're
proud of our VA s you know that's that's
ours we're not saying that we hate the
VA or we hate the people that work there
there's very awesome people that work
there's very nice people you know it's
just the system's messed up and it's the
veteran community is very much a
close-knit community where you kind of
keep it in-house you know you don't I
mean it's hard enough to get guys to go
and seek help at the VA let alone to go
there and not get the help that they
need and then expect them to go through
all that and then speak up to some media
outlet about you know what I mean it's
very draining on someone to go through
all that kind of crap and it's just kind
of like it's been bred into this
community where you show up at the VA
and it's just this community of like oh
we'll get ready to get take it in the
rear because that's how it is here
it's just that's how it is who do you
think screwed up here I mean this has
been going on for a while to the point
where there's hidden allegedly hidden
waitlist right where veterans like you
can't go back to work you're not asking
for anything else how long has this been
going on or I guess the question is how
has it been allowed to go on for so long
and who screwed up you know that that
question is so complicated it's
complicated as the VA is you know I'm
assuming how I look at it is you know
the VA started off as an organization
and you know as America got larger and
we got into more Wars and you know we
started dealing with all these things
like PTSD and that kind of stuff the
bureaucracy grew with that and and the
the what the doctors have to go through
the system that they have to use in
order to provide us care is not
conducive to providing us with the best
care they have to lobby for us to get us
certain medications or certain devices
or something like that so I think it's
just been this kind of system that's
just it's made up so many rules and so
many rules and so many rules that it's
just so intertwined and mixed up there's
as a regular veteran as a young man
getting out of the Marine Corps
to circumnavigate that bureaucracy is
impossible you mentioned medications and
we got some tweets about the the VA 'z
proclivity to prescribe pain medication
right this is something that a lot of
veterans have talked about our HBO
program reported on that to some degree
in your experience have did and I'm not
asking you to name doctors by name but
did you feel as though there was a push
for you to take pain medications as sort
of a stopgap until you got more serious
treatment absolutely tell me I showed up
and that's the first thing I made
absolutely clear I'm here cuz my back
hurts and I absolutely do not want pain
medicine because I wanted him to
understand that I am NOT here to seek
out
payments and I will not be pacified by
that pain medicine is not gonna heal you
that's why I can tell people out there
that are dealing with this crap you have
to make a huge hard step because it's so
easy to take that medicine and feel
better you have to be very careful of
how you use it because the VA they will
give you as much as you can
handle do you know people who got hooked
ah I have suspicions of friends and that
kind of thing but they don't talk about
it you don't talk about it you know I'll
you know it's easy to get hooked on pain
pills they make you feel great
and when you're in pain every
day and you wake up in the morning and
you're in pain I don't know what else to
tell you other than not being in pain is
the greatest feeling in the
world but it's you feel guilty because
you know that you're taking this
narcotic and it can be abusive you know
and I started getting worried that I'm
liking it I like not being in pain and
if you only get off narcotics but that's
never gonna provide me the answers or
give me the life I want to live ever
someone named Eric G tweeted a question
he asked sort of a specific question but
let me generalize a little bit he wanted
to know do you know of anyone who's gone
back to active duty just to get benefits
quicker to get yeah that's a that's a
crazy good question cuz I thought about
that you thought about actually well
I've thought about not my situation
they'd never let me back in but you know
I've thought about God would it be would
it have been easier to re-enlist and
then once you get in you know they're
kind of they're contractually obligated
to take care of you and you have to be a
hundred percent before they discharge
you you know so there's some you know my
Marine buddies that got blown up in Iraq
and that kind of stuff they're kind of
forced to stay in the Marine Corps
because if they left they knew that they
were going to receive
medical care so yeah that's a funny I
think that's true I think if I wasn't
listed it's it's hard to say because if
I wasn't listed I think I would kind of
get the same route if I was enlisted and
I said hey my back hurts I'd get laughed
off the be sent to my room and
told stop being a bitch you know it
would be exhausting to go and to get the
MRIs in that kind of yeah I want to
talk about Tanya's role in your life
Tanya you met Curtis after he was
already back and injured right yeah
did you know what you were getting into
at that point no I mean that's not yeah
related to his injuries no nothing I've
I was never involved a lot with what was
going on my veterans and the VA so
meeting Curtis I've learned a lot just
it just gives me a better idea of really
what's going on how many people are out
there are dealing with it and and Curtis
tell me what role Tanya's played in your
life because I think it's probably
there's probably a lot of veterans whose
wives husbands girlfriends boyfriends
didn't didn't list but now they're
basically enlisted and they're working
their asses off to take care of you guys
who are hobbled by your injuries tell me
what kind of role has she played well
talk Tanya's my everything you know not
only does she provide financially for
both of us
she takes care of me physically
emotionally I am NOT an easy person to
live with my pain makes me very angry
it makes me frustrated I lash out and
she is never once reciprocated that in
any way she's been very patient
she's just been to hell and back you
know I met her in speech class she knew
I was a veteran I don't make it known
that I'm hurt in any way or anything
like that when she first met me I
could walk around really well you know I
could bend over kinda and I was just
kind of starting this whole downhill
kind of degradation of my of my back so
I I don't know why she sticks around and
deals with I mean this is crazy I mean
this is so much to deal with and I'm so
thankful for her I love her so much
Tonya well actually they do can you cue
up the interview with Tonya we actually
met Tanya where you at one of your three
jobs and and spoke to you there so how
many jobs are you working right now um
I'm slowly getting rid of a lot of my
little side stuff so I have this I work
at Home Depot Saturday Sunday Monday
here I Monday through Friday I used to
have just this and then six houses that
I cleaned but it that was great but I
didn't want to have deal with having
employees and all of that stuff so I
slowly stopped doing that and but as
I've been here I've just been getting
more and more and more and it's kind of
it's become my main job and it's taking
over everything so but I really like it
here versus my other job it's just
better it's more calm
Tania what kind of sacrifices I imagined
this isn't exactly how you thought life
was gonna go just as Curtis said the
same thing what kind of sacrifices have
you made because Curtis is in the state
he's in well I really I don't go out or
hang out with friends a whole lot it's
just I mean I get asked out all the time
but I usually have to get up early for
work anyway so but I mean my I my sister
wanted me to live with her when I
visited her in Germany that was kind of
a plan for a few years but I met Curtis
we right before I left to go visit her
and I did not stay in Germany and live
with her but that's because you at that
point you didn't really know I still
didn't know a lot but yeah that's what
I'm saying that you know you can easily
say why I had to put off plans to do X
or Y but you're talking about something
that you did because you met a guy that
you liked not necessarily because you
need to take care of this guy I guess
one of the things that hopefully I'm not
i want to beerus you guys but you both
told me this on camera told us this on
camera but that you're inevitably gonna
get married and that you've delayed that
a bit tell me what why you delayed that
why you're not engaged right now and
don't have a wedding date since you both
have agreed I think this is a good idea
oh well we haven't saved up enough money
yet for one um but I guess I just want
it to be a certain way and for me it we
can go get married on my back pad here I
really don't care and you know eat tacos
from the dollar taco truck down the road
I know Tonya wants her wedding and all
the family you know Trisha a little
wedding we just I'm not in a position to
earn money to save and to give her the
things that
she needs you know and until I can do
that I mean we've kind of already said
our vows to each other you know would
this is it this is forever we're I
already call him my husband we're stuck
with each other people ask me how Curtis
is it's oh how is your husband doing and
he's good it's just the technicalities
you know we got to get the ring the
wedding thing and take pictures all that
kind of stuff and when we spoke before
you said that if if you had been working
you'd probably be able to have done that
at this point
all right that's like that's the top of
my list you know as soon as I can earn
some cash I'm gonna start saving and you
know start our family we have a tweet in
a question is were you told everything
would be fine if you were disabled in
combat or otherwise and did you believe
them I never thought about it ever
I thought I was gonna die you know
honestly I gave away all my before
I left for boot camp I gave away I mean
when I came home on leave every time
before I went to Iraq that was kind of
like you know bye you don't think about
getting hurt and coming back you don't
think about having to deal with
everything when you come back you're so
much on this life or death live on the
edge kind of badass young man trip that
you don't ever think about it ever
someone named Regina more tweeted a
question it says now that there's new VA
leadership today through yesterday there
was an environment that there's a new
nominee is are things gonna get better
or what's the endgame here ah you know
I'd be really surprised if things get
better this the system is just so
stacked on top of each other with with
BS after BS up to BS it's gonna take a
whole you need a whole committee to go
in there look at this system and look at
it as like a privatized entity instead
of some federal BS health care maybe I
look if we were a privatized company how
would we get our customers to come back
so when you heard that this guy was
appointed yesterday or was gonna be it
was a nominee yesterday did you say all
right thank God I'm gonna fix things no
come on I mean what is this man's
incentive to go in there and other than
goodwill I don't know I'm you know I
don't know the guy is really he probably
has loads of money and he's gonna
get paid I'll loads of money to run
the up VA and that will never
trickle down to us but you weren't like
all right that's the catalyst we needed
 are you kidding me no way
Tanya someone named Andre Rostov had a
question for you um how do you cope with
seeing someone you care about suffering
so much and when you have so little
power to help him it's hard I mean just
just when he's you know just talking
about how all this hurts oh my back
hurts just anything it I feel I guess I
don't even really know what I do it's
just I just feel horrible that I can't
help him any more than what I already do
to provide for us but it's just I just
like being just being with him though I
like it when I'm home and you know we
have our own little things we do
together and it's nice to just kind of
how we are we hang out and we talk and I
mean really that's that's just I think
the best thing you know like I tell him
I wish I could fix him myself but I
can't so but yeah I really just being
here at home with him someone named
Christian Ponte
tweeted a question he said when you get
back out there what sort of job would
you like to do and PS good luck man stay
strong thank you well I know I've I have
a degree of a two associate's degree one
in general studies one in science I'm
just about to finish my bachelor's
degree in mathematics
and my minor in education so I can go
back to school and finish that you know
my medical situation is really kind of
dictated kind of my future plans I
always thought out it kind of made me do
something like firefighting or forestry
or outdoor stuff helping people that
kind of thing I've kind of happen to
revamp that I'm maybe you know I was
kind of leaning towards education and
being a teacher but you know I can't
stand up for more than an hour so you
know my dream job to be out there I
would work on guns I would do custom
builds I'd maybe train teach firearms
courses anything like that and let that
be a solicitation for jobs he said all
right at all this having qualified armor
machine gunner someone named Jacqueline
toboni who I suspect is a sibling of
Janet uh boney tweeted a question she
asked what is your favorite what is your
advice to all the young veterans who are
still struggling to get good medical
care other than having a reporter make
phone calls on your behalf you have to
make your voice known you're the VA we
will discourage you
they will you'll file your claim and
they'll deny it you read file that thing
immediately and you refile it and you
refile it until you get the answer that
you want if you don't like your doctor
get rid of them and get a new doctor if
you don't like that call patient
advocacy in which I just found out about
I didn't even know existed
you know my dad told me the squeaky
wheel gets oiled you have to be that
asshole that calls every day and you
have to be your own advocate and you
have to be professional about it don't
call up and cuss them out
don't say f this F that you know they're
gonna say some that's gonna piss
you off say all right very well call
back again the next day
be firm be professional because as soon
as you stop being professional they are
not going to answer your phone calls
then you're really
someone named Jordan Terrell asked what
were some of the ways that helped you
return to some to a civilian lifestyle
so I think that's more general question
oh uh you know I don't think I ever
I don't think you're ever gonna return
to a quote civilian lifestyle you know
you're never gonna
you're never gonna unlearn the that
you've learned you're never gonna have I
personally can't go back to having a
mindset of walking down the street and
pretending like nothing's gonna happen
or not looking over my shoulder stuff
like that you know
my suggestion is take it slow don't come
home and just do nothing come home and
have a plan you know come home get a
hobby get with some buddies stay in
contact with your veteran buddies
because it's so easy to lose contact
with those guys when you go home and do
your own thing but you'll be so
surprised when you guys talk and you
guys are going through the same
you're thinking the same thing and don't
think that when you come home it's going
to be easy it is the hardest thing I
ever done was coming back and you're
gonna miss it you're gonna miss the
military you're gonna want to go back
it's it's just you know you have to be
comfortable in the decision that you
made and where you want to take your
life but it's it's hard someone
named Connor wrote I'm 15 and I won't
end list but I'm nervous about the VA
and benefits can you give your opinion
don't worry about that stuff you know I
it sounds kind of dumb you know coming
for me because I didn't worry about it
either but with this generation of
veterans
you know we're gonna take care of you
guys we're we're at the home front now
you want to join the military you want
to be a badass you want to be the best
that you can be
don't let this bureaucratic BS stop you
because once you join that Brotherhood
you're in it for life and that
Brotherhood will never abandon you ever
one of the things that you said in the
piece which I think we cut off before
you got to actually see this part but
you very poignantly said you would never
you had no regrets about joining the
Marines even in your current condition
right why this I mean you're you're hurt
you can't work here in pain all day I
don't know how to describe it to someone
who hasn't done it it is like you know
some people aren't gonna like the way i
phrase this but it it is like being
the biggest rock band rapper in
the world because you think you're just
a badass anywhere you go you got that
Marine Corps uniform on chicks are all
over you they want nothing but the
Marine Corps you know that's what it's
all about then you go to work you strap
on some badass gear some armor you're an
up-armored hmmwv going downrange
blasting 50 cals blowing up
greatest feeling in the world
there's nothing that you can do
stateside or in this life other than
putting yourself in combat and testing
your mettle against another man that's
trying to kill you or groups of
individuals that are trying there's
nothing that compares to that ever you
were in Iraq twice and just recently
since we last saw you
Iraq has gone to right again yeah
does that make you how does that sit
with you as far as I know okay these
people the Sunnis and the Shiites have
been fighting for thousands of years and
they will fight for thousands of years
after we left go back in dear history
the Isis insurgency group that's made up
of the Sunnis go back and research the
Sunni uprising why do you think serac
was so successful why do you think that
Al Anbar province was so successful
where the Marines were the Sunnis which
were being on by the Shiites the
whole time we were there which were
being terrorized by these Shiites when I
was there there's kind of like this
civil about civil war was about to break
out you know the Sunnis which is the
minority in Iraq they rose up and said
you know what America come give us
weapons we're going to fight these
assholes we don't want them in our
country anymore we're gonna help you so
what do we do we gave them weapons we
turn them all into Iraqi police all in
Iraqi army my last deployment I went
there and the guys that we were fighting
yesterday I'm serving next to you you
know they're living on our base so the
fact that that the situation is
deteriorated so badly does that make you
question whether it was all worth it for
you to sacrifice your body for this I
didn't join the Marine Corps
to liberate the Iraqi people there their
own people there their own
country they want freedom they can
 fight for I don't care I got a
high school iraq was already going on if
it wasn't me then who else you know what
I mean I was a young man I was 18 at the
time I wasn't talking to my folks now
I've been kicked out of the house I
wanted to go and fight that's it yeah
where it was I didn't care I want to go
back to your your own health right now
after we left you you had an appointment
with your surgeon what happened with
that well he met with me and kind of
like in this weird awkward consultation
I'd never met with a surgeon usually you
meet with like the sit like the nurse or
whatever so he kind of put me in this
like back room you know away from
everyone he sat down talked me he told
me is gonna show me images of my back
and all that kind of stuff he never did
he basic you know I described to him I
told my pain told him I was going on you
know what was going on post-surgery he
explained to me you know without looking
at anything without looking at any
images or nothing that he believes the
surgery was a success that it was
and it's kind of hard for me I'm not a
medical professional I am NOT gonna sit
there and argue with this man who's
telling me he's a surgeon and he's he
did a successful job all I can tell him
is I'm in pain this is what's going on
what's next
I wanted to queue up a voicemail message
what happened after your appointment we
wanted to speak to the surgeon and
figure out if he can explain to us what
your status was and we got a message
back from his assistant and well here's
what she said making me play so I could
not find anybody by the name Curtis
Shanley in our system but if you want to
give me a call back and we made this
spelling of the patient's name so I can
just double check otherwise if you know
he's a veteran you need to contact our
public affairs department thank you so
basically what she said in addition to
saying which is fair that she couldn't
talk to us about your case
right she said that she actually had no
record of you being a veteran and before
their name was some sort of right what's
your take on that oh no where do you say
what do you say to that you know now now
I don't exist apparently you know that's
the games that house the games you play
at the VA you know but it's I mean you
do your suggested minute some sort of
conspiracy to scrub you more likely they
just well I'm sure look there's no way
that you don't look up my name and type
it into the VA registry and not see my
name it there's no way I'm at the VA
every week so I don't know if she just
how did it how do you even come up with
that answer there's other than making it
up or you're just completely inept at
your job so you pick either they're
lying or they're completely nice
and that's you've had similar things
over here five years of doing oh I mean
it's this is the absurdity that you deal
with you call one call the specialist we
don't even have records of you being a
veteran howdy how do i circumnavigate
that
can you you've been around when Kurtis
has been trying to make these calls and
just put on hold and if you witnessed
all this what happens to describe how
that plays out
but I can tell
we can't find you oh yeah yeah you never
called uh psyckadeli oh we lost almost a
lost it or no the doctor didn't send us
the known or give us a prescription
so I thought we could maybe wind up with
a a nice tweet from someone named Jordan
who asks Curtis in your opinion what can
the average person with limited time do
to help make sure that that's are taken
care of what basically asking how can we
help you know get out there go visit
your local VA take ten minutes from your
weekend go down there and talk to some
of these men you know they just want
someone to talk to you someone to hang
out with them go spend ten minutes of
your day in agony down at the VA and
that will motivate you to get out there
and maybe politically you know call your
representatives get out there huh
you know I'm not big into this whole
tweet thing and all but hashtag whatever
I don't know but until people
get mad until people make a big deal out
of it it's just gonna fade away you know
it's going to go back into obscurity
Afghanistan is coming to a close and
once Afghanistan comes to a close this
VA thing if it's not fixed by then those
young men that are right now in
Afghanistan they are going to be hit so
desperate for help when they get home
you know I've already gone through it
I'm already in it I'm going through it
let's stop it now with me and get these
guys some frickin help you know that's
what I'm concerned about so you want you
want to do something make yourself known
to the veterans out there we're nice
people you know we got stories to tell
and if you want to hear some crazy good
old-time stories and meet some really
nice people go hang out at the VA go buy
someone a cup of coffee
you know that's all we want we're people
we're people look at us because we've
been in the military and we've been in
combat you know they don't know how to
talk to we're people
we're people before we join the military
we're regular average day citizens you
know I play video games and I'm a nerd
and I'm you know I read fantasy books
I'm a normal American in the military is
just
you know do you feel like people baby
step around yeah we're not victims you
know were we signed up knowing full-well
well it's not like I signed up and
thought they were gonna be shooting
rubber bullets at me or i speaking karen
pillows in my pack there's gonna be
carrying hundreds of pounds I knew I was
gonna get hurt I knew I was probably
gonna get you know I'm lucky I came back
with all my limbs and you know my
friends did it so it's
we can fix the VA we can fix the VA but
you don't need to baby us we're grown
man we know that there's a problem
we just need bigger help than what we
can must earn together ourselves we're
tired of waiting in the waiting rooms
and just bitching to each other about it
time is there anything you want to add
before we
you're by side to stick him through it
and
I just want to say thank you guys you
know I was real nervous when this is
gonna come out what kind of feedback I
was gonna get to my fellow Marines I
served with and the feedback has just
been overwhelmingly positive and man I
really appreciate that because sometimes
I feel alone out there you know and I
just want to say thanks to all my Marine
Corps buddies thank you to my good
friends Sean and William that always
calling me to see how I'm doing and and
thank you to Kevin and Lindsey for
always being there and they're going
through the same and I mean just
thank you for everything I know it seems
like I'm going through crazy but
it's nothing compared to some of these
other lines what they're going through
with some of these other sailors and
soldiers are going through you know so
thanks so much for sharing your story
with us and hopefully
and thanks to everyone for tuning in and
watching this you can follow vice news
on twitter and please subscribe on
youtube for more reports like this
thanks very much
