and stay - at the prison just got here
and there is already stabbing this
morning I think it was off B yard we
don't know what gangs are involved or
anything but we know the guys in bad
shape
we came to Salinas Valley State Prison
to look at an improbable experiment in
rehabilitation but the reality of rehab
at a maximum-security prison
is that there's a power opposed to it
the prison gang we've gotten used to
running things after 30 years of mass
incarceration apparently what went on
this morning was what they call a
removal they're trying to get a guy out
of the game so two inmates jumped
stabbed shanked another inmate and it's
serious enough that they had to call in
a helicopter to life item out of here to
a trauma facility
even though violence is down there's
still 700 violent incidents a year at
this prison and this morning was one of
them
the guy who got assaulted is right there
in the ambulance now it's headed out to
the flightline
the aviation paramedics the air medics
are supposed to be some of the best in
the business at handling gunshots stab
wound exactly what we have today by the
time we follow warden grounds back into
the prison the investigation into the
morning stabbing is already underway
starting with the recovered weapons
right is that out through this afternoon
this is from today
what is that the manufactured weapon
so what's an Inc so they come up and
they try and put it between those
vertebrae right there since kill plastic
living plastic bowls how many would you
be hey how many weapons were recovered
from the crime scene to look one and
this one separate okay so total three so
they made these obviously then they
stash them on the arm yeah these stash
in a lot of ways don't go into that
sorry sort of those ones ah you know
this is our agitation question what he
said is that a spoon what is it uh it
just looks like a steel rod that they
might have cut in half and fashioned it
uh-huh
you know sharp it to a point at one end
and actually been on the one side see a
pen right there nice cloth handle didn't
didn't need it yeah that'll do a lot of
damage that's what we used today yeah
that was one of the ones everything
today here's a good example of some
weapons that we found we've had a few
deaths few murders in our history and
we'd have a lot more if it wasn't for
the good coordinated effort between
custody and medical we have a lot more
dust yeah we saw that today so everybody
kind of played their role yet Azaria um
so how many I mean we saw they recovered
three today how many weapons are they
are they recovering sometimes we'll find
25 in a shot you know a big you know
somebody gives us some information
we'll find a hiding place we were pretty
thorough we do grid searches with our
metal detectors but as you can see some
of these are plastic like the one you
were just looking at bone crushing
and they make them very creative and
make them from all kinds of material
this could come off of like a cart that
we move food in maybe it's an inside
seam or something or maybe it's a sheet
metal from a pan
so maybe just actually point us out just
so the guys we're fighting right here
yeah do you see where the white it yeah
don't try to kick up the dirt that's all
that's all those new peppers for April
okay I'll see blast so we will just
bring it back up in the air oh this is
his blood right here yeah this is his
blood spatter and they see you can see
where all the grenades fell yeah low
level fours in general have a lot of
violence you know there's there you know
there's a lot of prison politics going
on if that's what you want to call it
you know they're yummy they are they are
their own destiny you know they're the
ones making the choices so it was no
different than yesterday you know
hey what let's see England without we
deal with all the gangs here you know
from the prison gangs to the street
gangs we tend to focus on the prison
gang so we refer to them as STG ones now
or security guy group ones and then the
street gangs or security threat group
tubes so when I walk out into the yard
you know I see ever all the different
ethnic groups hanging out at their
different tables am I actually looking
at gang structure yeah they broke up the
sewer Daniel's will control the area of
the yard table biases of Mexican
nationals will control another table the
north Daniel's control table the
different black gangs they'll
don't intermingle but if there's enough
tables on the yard in areas then they'll
split it up for the write it up as well
and what are what are the most prominent
gangs like at our institution here will
be the su Daniel's and the prison gang
or the SC g1 that they're subservient to
be the Mexican Mafia what we would have
here is their associates individuals
that are running the yarder on their
behalf collect taxes when drugs are
brought on to the facility they tax the
drug dealer a third sell it on the
facility and then they send that money
to the mitts Komachi members
yeah I think that's something that's
hard for somebody who doesn't come to
prison every day to understand that a
lot of it is about drugs and money even
inside the prison yeah that's the
driving force you know that they talk
about a cause you know I'll be a stock
motor cause well that causes money so we
have that stabbing on B yard yesterday
how much of that kind of violence is
related to the drugs or the gangs quite
a few of it is a lot a lot of times for
different very different reasons you can
have any individual who owes money
individuals that run the facilities if
they don't get the money to where it's
got to go sometimes they get a target
for assault by the the prison gang
leadership and meaning if you're not
paying your tax up to the Mexican Mafia
you're gonna you're gonna pay your your
tax in blood correct it's like its own
government there yes in the system they
have leadership on a facility like the
sureños don't have what they call a
mess up it's just a governing body you
so granular control that yard on behalf
the Mexican Mafia you know not to be too
dramatic or whatever but a lot of people
won't even say the words Mexican Mafia
it's like Keyser söze like you're not
even supposed to say their damn name and
right yeah it's it's they're scary right
yeah I'm they control the prisons if
they're out on a mainline facility
you know it's they can write out a note
right out of the letter make a phone
call visit
get somebody killed so yeah there's a
legitimate director for speaking your
name I'm a white boy from Santa Cruz 45
minutes away like what do I do when I
show up my first day in prison though
don't do what they'll do ask for your
paperwork what you're saying
you mean the gang leadership will ask to
see my paperwork when I show up the
first day okay
they'll ask to see your that 120g
chronoed ask to see your legal paperwork
ensure that you ding inform on your case
you want to inform them from law
enforcement if you are and you can prove
that then they may target target you for
so so but that like first day I walk out
onto the yard like where do I sit
well if you're a white guy from from
Santa Cruz right yeah the white you're
shipping the building is gonna get with
you they're gonna clear your paperwork
and then they're going to you'll you'll
see that the table or the area that the
whites control in the yard is way more
formalized than I ever imagined that's
crazy yeah I mean the notes will come in
these phones here these are the notes
and what are some of these things saying
and you found these are all notes that
you found correct we call them types
right kites notes there's several
different references so um there's where
they're all in plastic right
oh I think they're just in plastic to
preserve them were in biohazard now they
are in plastic because they were secured
inside somebody's writing yes so just as
I was about to touch it food is just at
the nick of time what you got there it's
a hit miss so it's just a list of
individuals charting for salt by the
year oh right here all these names like
this oh yeah
the refer to it is a bad news news being
or NGO nobody is I had no idea that the
system that the gangs use is so formal
and so official so it's like if you're
sentenced to jail and you come to a
level 3 or level 4 facility there's
almost two systems of control you're
under the control of the correctional
officers but you're also under the
control of the gangs yeah
facilities that bears repeating Sergeant
Valdez just told me that gangs control
the enemies a reality corroborated by
Donnie a former gang leader who reported
to the Aryan Brotherhood a prison gang
allegedly responsible for 20 percent of
the murders in the federal prison system
the shot car comes up and walks in his
you seem like a lieutenant or right like
that you mean um maybe maybe somebody he
trusts record paperwork your paperwork
and we run it that's what they do
yeah you want to make sure even though
they know why you're there I want to
make sure they got somebody who's a
legit one way that officers try to break
the power of the gangs is by trying to
cut off their money supply and seizing
the contraband that they sell to other
inmates and one way they do this is with
a highly trained canine unit we're about
to me that a k-9 unit inmates our yard
then the k-9 units going in to search
some of the cells right now see if they
pick up into contraband so I usually go
through first pick so there's nothing
here that's going to hurt the doll the
only made some of that hot pots and
stuff
hot water on themselves grit dogs going
through right now jumping up on the
racks it's all the way up on the top
rack it's kind of sniffing the mattress
basically everything kind of covered
most of the corners this out it's pretty
calm right now so doesn't look like he's
hit on anything so you guys I see that
too
what a minute right yeah so you know
like I said five dogs we could go
through this whole building and it's
great but we didn't find anything today
but uh sure doesn't mean it's not out
there all right she just announced at a
three so they're requesting all hands on
deck still not sure if it was northern
Hispanics or Southern Hispanic gangs
against whites
