it's Monday June thirtieth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Ukrainian troops in pro-russia
separatists have blatantly violated a
ceasefire agreement extended through
this evening local media reported
casualties on both sides in fighting in
the eastern city of slaviansk over the
weekend the truce is the first step of
the 15-point peace plan devised by
ukrainian President Petro poroshenko who
promised to stabilize the situation
within weeks of his appointment last
month the European Union is warning of
new sanctions against Russia but
economists are skeptical they'll have
any measurable impact Mexican
authorities have arrested a senior
leader of the vigilante groups battling
drug gangs in the Western mucho fahn
state jose manuel morales and a hundred
others were arrested on charges of
illegal gun possession mireles helped
found the movement made up mostly of
farmers who said the police weren't
willing or able to protect them and so
they were forced to fight the cartels
themselves the government in May agreed
to legalize the group's and offered them
uniforms and weapons but many of the
vigilantes insisted they didn't trust
police and refuse to obey the deadline
to register their weapons despite the
threat of arrest
Chinese authorities have cited mounting
security concerns to give guns to
Beijing's police officers but questions
have arisen about their readiness to
carry them namely a number of incidents
involving police mistakenly firing their
guns or fatally shooting people under
murky circumstances police have
increased armed patrols and what have
been described as anti-terror exercises
in response to a spike in violence that
officials have blamed on Muslim you gers
from the rest of Xinjiang region british
petroleum is asking several of the
businesses that pay damages to for the
2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill to give
some of the money back with interest BP
says an administrator in charge of
processing claims allowed businesses to
exaggerate their losses the oil firm has
fought long and hard to keep the
compensation bill from growing the
supreme court has barred the company
from stopping payments while it awaits
the outcome of legal appeals BP has
spent more than 26 billion dollars in
fines cleanup and compensation for the
disaster which killed 11 people and
spilled millions of barrels of oil into
the Gulf of Mexico check out the vice
news YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world latin masala haina before Joey
are unique futon a la car wash a bikini
nah no Judy non-heme iron balconies oh
well mulheres at Meridian Purefoy but in
an amount plaque
you
