it's friday jun 27 and here are some of
the news beyond the headlines tokyo
electric power company or TEPCO will
restart reactors at the world's largest
atomic plant despite attempts by
activist shareholders to shut it down
Greenpeace and other anti-nuclear groups
bought shares and TEPCO so they could
make a motion in the annual shareholder
meeting to permanently decommission the
reactors all of japan's 48 commercial
reactors have been dormant since a 2011
Fukushima disaster but the activists
were outvoted by other shareholders and
TEPCO says it will resume two units in
Northwest japan after safety inspections
are completed second allow Thailand's
military junta has warned that it will
now be watching the watchdog's military
authorities have set up panels to
monitor local and international news
media for reports that it finds false or
a threat to national security offending
journalists could face criminal charges
Media Group say this is all a part of a
widening crackdown on the press since
the military took power in a bloodless
coup on May 22nd
the World Health Organization is rushing
to prevent the spread of polio as
hundreds of thousands flee violence in
northwest Pakistan an area where the
Taliban has banned polio vaccines for
the past two years Pakistan's military
is now conducting a major operation
against the Taliban in the northern was
ariston region and the fighting has
displaced more than 450,000 people
health officials fear the refugees will
spread the violent disease to other
parts of the country so the wh 0 is
focusing its efforts on vaccinating
people on the routes from northern was
seized on five armed men stormed the
Benghazi home of a prominent human
rights activists and shot her dead the
assassination of Salwa boo highest came
just hours after she had voted in her
country's general elections her husband
also at their home during the attack is
reported missing the highest has been an
outspoken critic of the militias that
still control large swathes of Libya
three years after the fall of dictator
moammar gadhafi she also played an
important part in organizing the
revolution that led to Gaddafi's ouster
and served on the transitional
government formed in the aftermath check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world yes
anak ha Mon Homme okuda Danish lapina of
hockey I'm happy hibou Masha even attack
with double Hamlin inshallah Zadok
machado md salary yeah this I'm Kaka I'm
haka la la sheriff my piastre cottman
ave of sheriff's money
