so I'm 20 years old and I was born in
the UK I grew up in Brighton and I
studied in Brighton as well I study
Business Studies and Brighton college
and also used to work as well I used to
like media from a lot of creativity
designing swimming sometimes but mainly
I'm in Syrian civil war because I
believe it's my duty to fight here as in
Islam at the cross for the profile some
said the Muslim nation is like one body
if one part complains the other parts
react so I don't see as a Syrian
conflict I see it is an Islamic
20 year old Emma the gaze traveled to
Syria to take part in the brutal
conflict to overthrow the government of
Bashar al-assad a foot soldier and a war
that seen up to 150 thousand people
killed his two brothers Abdullah and
Jafar later joined him many have joined
the ranks of Isis and jabhat al-nusra
over 500 British jihadists are now
fighting in Syria and Iraq as a British
jihadist and mere moves between
different hardline jihadist groups
fighting each other for dominance as
well as government forces at the time of
filming Amir was in Northwest Syria
fighting against Bashar al-assad's
regime what happened this was a school
and one day it was about 11 o'clock in
the morning you're probably earlier a
rocket hit and it killed about six
people and then another day they hit
another school in Holub so it seems like
at the moment he's targeting schools
don't you miss school sometimes some
some parts school it's not really like I
went to nobody in school and peace haven
I went to Tideway in new haven and I
went to long girls oh yeah I really did
I came to Syria to answer the call of
duty and that is to give victory to the
religion of Allah and the way to do that
is to help the oppressed Syrians here
and make sure they receive justice back
at his home near Brighton we spoke to a
mayor's father
a father to six children three of them
left to fight in Syria with Armour he
went to the convoy but he was talking
about going to Syria and helping out and
I thought I convinced him to stick to
paid work the only person who used to
discuss going to Syria helping out was
Armour but the others no I didn't know
they were thinking of going to see him
most probably the world following the
news following the social media so
that's where they get their information
from before you make a step like this
you would research what is really going
on is there a lead for me
what's the situation why is there a war
so I researched all of that and in some
of the videos you hear the people call
out for help they say where is the
Muslim nation where are the youth this
is talking about us that's one thing
which pushed me to go there and also the
things which shall happen in here is
every everybody knows I don't even think
it happened as bad as anywhere else with
free sons who left to join the war in
Syria we asked and there's father what
would he say to those considering going
there to fight I'll say them like I'm
saying to my son's help Syria from here
you can collect medicine food clothing
you know all these are needed in Syria
very badly they'll be your government to
help the rebels in Syria I help the
people of Syria you know by arming them
there's so many things you can do from
here you know I'm not telling you not to
go and fight there from the same angle
the government is asking you not to go
fight there
I'm looking at different angles if you
have a plan and go into Syria and
supporting the people here you need to
keep it to yourself and have trust in
Allah me my brothers came up to two
different times and both times my
parents didn't know because in the
situation that we got to again that we
were in today parents got to a level of
selfishness where they would see the
situation in Syria is to do with the
Syrian people they're not willing to
allow the sons to go there and do what
they have to do so really parents are
the lost last people you would tell
we can say I just took off really I
obviously you would tell your parents
I'm going elsewhere because you can't
just leave and then they block it where
is it you know you tell him I'm going
for example this place for holiday etc
in Antigua jihadist groups in Syria
launched a surprise assault on the
government's heartland of Latakia in the
country's Northwest so one day we were
called for backup in the mountain
Chalmer they heard that the army was
trying to move forward so when we went
there we found the situation it wasn't
that bad
there was some rockets hitting on the
top so we couldn't go to the top of the
latter we had to go from the side there
was some brothers sitting down in the
trench area as the time went by we had
some really strong crossfire and then we
heard someone call for backup
he said he was a backup so I went to the
front but there was a commander there
and he said okay let's go around the the
army surround them so we went to the
really front
we saw the enemy about 5 to 10 meters my
brother was killed in the front line
when he was the furthest person in the
front when he ran in the army actually
ran away and retreated so he was cooked
for a really good cause and his death
was a sign of martyrdom as he felt back
and he laughed and small
I have a really strong feeling that he's
still alive
like I'm really I do strongly believe
that he's still alive
and we believe martyrs are not dead
they're still alive enjoying themselves
in heaven what why he as a Muslim are
hidden he's a Shaheed Shaba I hope he's
in a better place the same time as the
father you know I lost a son very young
you know it just became 18 two days
before he was killed
mayor lost our daughter but we believe
you know that your time of death is
decided before you come to this world so
come the neck
what's not easy and to be honest with
you
how many bells have you engaged so far a
few about for me how was it it was a
good experience you learn from every
battle but the last one was the vessel
are you never afraid when you fight when
I'm in a bar - I feel calm and it's a
different type of bravery than for
example we require bravery outside the
battle it's a different kind because
it's from Allah the only thing I'm
afraid of is going back or running away
or retreating
you know that you will get training here
it's really between you and yourself
that you make sure you learn as much as
you could you know as much strategy as
you could learn the area which area is
more important militarily etc so it
really depends on you but the basic
training you receive in the beginning
the government is trying to tackle the
issue of returning fighters from Syria
considering they're not terrorists
spread I've chaired a series of meetings
in White will to make sure that our
intelligence security and policing
services are focused as sharply as they
can on to this problem the estimates are
now that this is a greater threat to the
UK than the return of foreign jihadists
or fighters from the Afghanistan or
Pakistan region and we need to make sure
we're doing everything we can as I said
to keep our country safe because I'm a
Syrian what's going on there but at the
same time there are ongoing efforts to
dissuade potential British volunteers
from traveling to Syria though their
effectiveness is unknown Allah does not
need your so-called martyrdom when the
fire out there is about power and
influence in the form of some
manufactured jihad such strategies are
competing with a sophisticated
propaganda campaign on social media from
jihadist groups particularly Isis in
directly at young British Muslims
if you do not take care of the affairs
of amateur hit wait until the calamity
of Allah before view but some Syrian
rebel groups are not interested in
debauchery Lola
the whole town lame - damn acceptable
Islam
well Islam and overall even officials
with sakura-chan and Islamist group in
serious Islamic Front coalition share
this view Allah Allah magnify Surya
let's never hydrogen magellanic us or a
lillahi l-hamd
well I can attach lease Allah now I like
a new column husband Azam Halabi Hodja
tree genuine imagine m1 were Silla I
heard this in the UK that they need
weapons they don't need men that's why I
also looked into it further the reason I
say this is for political reasons means
there's a politics or that there's an
influence from outsiders encourage them
to say such a thing to avoid an effort
of Islamic community in Britain some
people call you a terrorist
what do you think about that Allah says
in the Quran and prepare for them what
you can empower you terrorize with it
your enemy and Allah is enemy and others
what you don't know of Allah knows oh
who I wouldn't want to be a terrorist
for as my own people for the civilians
for the people who are here to protect
we believe we are people who are
transparent with our actions and we
don't fear the blame of the blamers
so long as we're doing the truth you
know
this is the dynamo now you know it's not
just a mojo for even us as a family
you've been treated like a terrorist our
houses were raided research my passports
had been taken away our laptops
computers also so paperwork you know I
don't know how can they justify that you
know our sons are independent they
decide for themselves why are you trying
to send a message to them not to come
home or what is this campaign about or
are you trying to send a message to the
Muslim community not to be active and
try to help oppressed people in Syria
the government increasingly states that
the British GIS involvement in Syria and
Iraq is the main security threat now
facing the UK siding war crime seemingly
committed by British fighters as
evidence
while most British fighters have claimed
they have no intention of attacking the
UK a few have begun to make threats on
social media how do you feel about your
little brother coming here he's 16 years
old you know it was his choice he didn't
tell anyone that was coming and he just
came here Bob see now he can't go back
and also he has a duty as well and he
really feels strongly about ways willing
to do so all all my job now is is to
make sure that he does things correctly
and he doesn't go straight and I'll look
after him how is he doing your brother
he's really good I'm the liar he's lying
and if you wanted to go home you would
help him to go home I was an advisor to
go home
why because you know the campaigns and
the policies of our people returning on
I mean we come here we live in honor and
then why would you go back
returning isn't a simple option for
Marren Jafar if they come home they'll
be arrested if they stay in Syria
they'll probably die there
but like most British fighters in Syria
a mayor says he has no intention of
coming back to the UK my work is not
done here I came here to give victory
for the people and make sure that they
received justice and we still haven't
reached their goal yet
you
