La Jolla tomorrow - Patrick I'm note
that it's you
while the Kurds are celebrating the
taking of Kirkuk some of the minorities
here are a lot more concerned we're
gonna go talk to a Sunni tribal leader
and see how he feels about the events of
the past week with the Kurds taking
control of Kirkuk right now is there
some concern are you worried that our
people won't be represented here in the
government's are oblivia Pulu field am
jamey el que decía shin hwal I said
Carlo in the Kirkuk áliveá like not
honest man who led the lake lot when I
smell the dead Turkmen the other she
other worker a Katy Nanna pool Kirkuk
Eritrea National Arab now cooker cooker
appear animal 1809 the Danish enum a
little madam elk or deer flicker
kookaburra Judah were Kirkuk leonova
half of Iranian benefit babes er ah be a
boon attack tear Medina jaha Kirkuk
Medina Jenny el gouna Tatia militaria
has a Huson fema cell intergenic Kirkuk
a Malibu high Roman enough food
how would you describe what's happening
Iraq in the past week yeah jnanam take a
lot of um a good romantic olymbia shot
with a Latino
at roughly named shark a human alot
revealed in charka bill Alam Bibi thora
Hadi Houma mecanim fear be Toa judo
model appeared on mowjood in fear bill
Mon Mothma and you could negative R and
L heavy la la la' Sparta Akuma like in
that harsh romantic at a dude Mohammed
link Kurdistan can you explain the these
deals out of the table a little more
that you're hinting at an atom oaken and
another wall a jolly Lee motherland de
la línea Syria Kuhn who knuckles tree
Dom Happiny banal Moussa Lehane well
fish Morgan la fille no cars Pacita
Tomas Nima de la Motte who lumen taka
yato brahmalok radio usual Nelly dream
Hyuna Sean job in any job lumber
Moroccan Hanukkah nominative a car - ah
- ah since this conflict began rumors
have persisted of a possible deal
between Kurdish leadership and those
behind the Sunni coalition of Isis and
former Saddam loyalists though still
unproven many see it as the only
explanation for why there's been so
little clashing along disputed Kurdish
areas recently taken over in areas for
themself however with bigger Arab
populations they're still fighting to
see who is going to take control
we're in Hana Keene which is the closest
Forward Operating Base that the Kurds
have towards Baghdad about 20 kilometers
south of here there's a lot of fighting
going on and it's heavy Isis is pushing
back they're pushing back and no one's
really in complete control but as you
can see the vibe here is different for
Mosel and that's because the Peshmerga
here are affiliated with the puk best
Mergen and Mosel are affiliated with the
kpp those are two of the biggest parties
in Kurdistan and they each have their
own Peshmerga force the guys here I mean
they have different alignments and
they're a little more aggressive in the
fighting here in Diyala province no one
really knows what's going on with that
or what the situation is but it's
something that's definitely going to
unfold over the next few weeks
the president of KRG had requested for
some of the older Peshmerga to come
fight but you actually came back from
Germany member presumes an ich esta kuku
Stangler catty kak battle jean jacket
 libero Bree Aria markup girl Ramona
girl gracias Maria Connell era how was
young come have you come back to fight
for your country before this current
conflict in Bali
Sally no attack on a robbery novice died
in kuta bali maharaja was here chunka a
manic east african verb
kokujin s Arakawa Kucera Connie Kenya as
warfare here legal home oh sorry honey
care who pays for you to come back here
home we home master key taro Canada
sallahu fish a creamy massively former
exercise humble hatate-chan a man peace
chamber man beer terracotta memo I got
Lashari shop again that I can Egyptian
people are rotating out of here all
night go to front minds other ones
crashing and I hope you move out with
them tomorrow but right now we're
watching the World Cup we know you have
never been on the world people then we
need it does this experience for our
life horikoshi our economy the other
young people don't have experience yes
yes because everyone hold on everyone
older and kurta yes there's a lot of
experience yes yeah
every man has to fight yeah it's like a
rite of passage yes all fighters for
country not for anything is not for
money yeah all the old a young hundred
old man in the country want to fight
again the our enemy yeah who is your
enemy right now I think all Arabic it's
Annie
yes kindness no - and Maliki all Arabic
is our enemy
Oh
watch on that um well below to apply a
black um those Dennis you so it's good
to show up at the front lines of a whole
bunch of snacks where Joe Lewis right
here here which they took a few days ago
as you can see no one's really
comfortable here right now yeah they're
still on full guard this isn't over
we just headed south from the base where
a laconic Canyon we're going to the
frontlines we've been told there's an
operation ongoing right now and we're
gonna go see what it's all about
I'm not able to position as I knew them
because oh my gosh
so toss toss toss toss toss toss toss
right here look so cool boo -
you're in control here you have this
base but we keep hearing sniper fire
does that mean that there's still some
leftovers from Isis that are that are in
this village
mm mm mm I'm on an oven how kind of
Nicola wanna shot a Emma is there any
communication with some of the Sunni
Arabs that are in these neighborhoods
between the Peshmerga and them I want
it's a slot open but on rust noggin home
units nothing to go on but soon
genitalium kilometer jet it is the money
my Tiki is a manageable yeah hardware is
the money my defusion so he was just
talking about the process of Arabization
and throughout the last few decades
especially under Saddam they've offered
sort of incentives whether it was land
money houses for Arabs to move into this
area to sort of you know up the
population in favor of Arabs and against
Kurds as a way of sorting claiming this
territory what's the situation like
right now everyone still seems like
they're on guard are you expecting there
to be more attacks table on - Shruti
understand I wanna go out
Malaysia and have a mobile Sienna a
month akela but I see what when the
Canada KDF can cut like your ambush -
Luca brings William now I paid a began
yeah come jar here is the Sun pick a
loser banner of the CNP
observe an epitome shanwa of child
record winuea I wanna Leo with a conical
inertia Baca knows but we can see the
hammer aesthetic Randy egged
so we're on the furthest self that the
Kurdish forces have occupied right now
just over this hill as the city of Cydia
we're not far from Baghdad the Kurds
want the city city is not yet had
incursions by Kurdish forces um but
they're planning on doing it soon we
heard today there was a rocky army there
there was she at militias that were
fighting Isis and the other Sunni
coalition's
what's the situation right now in Cydia
we heard earlier today that the Iraqi
army was fighting versus Sunni coalition
in there right now have you guys seen
anything if you heard anything about
what's going inside well I sure I will
Leo which are like a moderate is Tiger
top you talkin abou belong no Lara
because they share up here but what if
it's the Iraqi army there are you gonna
fight against the Iraqi army give a
basic course Navi knows what said Oh
Eileen oh well Cathy said oh and it
seems you guys are on high alert right
here
have there been little back-and-forth
shots taken at you guys snipers anything
like that volleyball a sarkodie door
here shanku the servant I seen you a
city appreciation event save an obscure
piece to them well Sierra Vista like why
is it so important to the Kurdish people
why do you think that you need to go
into Cydia and take Sudhir Romana dal
mana sik sik my Maha Rika again erotic
woman
oh sure wanna talk okay I'm sorry Emma
ha woman yes Amani one hundo brown shade
with Hari a check Brett bouchy shade
will appear now I'm Katya yes anak ha
woman ha muku the danish Lupino Kaka
happy human shaving attack with double
hammering inshallah Zadok much our
emissary yeah decent I'm Kaka
I'm Hakka la la sheriff my piastre
kog'maw nabiyev sheriff's money
kind of one nine eight hours you table
can't believe I did
