it's Tuesday June 24th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Pakistani police on Monday fired tear
gas at crowds of people awaiting the
return of a prominent anti-taliban
cleric and opposition leader hundreds of
supporters of Taher al cadre threw rocks
and bricks at police at roadblocks and
checkpoints leading to Islamabad Airport
the violence forced officials to divert
cadres plane to Lahore the preacher
moved to Canada in 2006 because of death
threats over his views his critics
accuse him of aiming to weaken if not
overthrow the current government which
he says is too close to the Taliban
tensions have flared in a city in
northern Kosovo that was a flash point
during Europe's last war in the late
1990s two dozen police and protesters
were wounded in clashes at a bridge in
Mitra Vita that divides the ethnic
Albanian and Serb communities police
fired rubber bullets at Albanians who
had set police cars on fire to protest
against the blockade rebuilt by Serbs
three years ago the city Serbs blocked
the bridge to reject Kosovo self
declared independence and have refused
to integrate with the Albanian majority
the al Qaeda splinter group known as
Isis has more effectively recruited
British nationals to fight in Iraq and
Syria than the government previously
reported initial estimates suggested
around five hundred Britons had joined
but one parliamentarian now says the
number is really three times that figure
Isis is using videos like this one
entitled there is no life without jihad
to call on British Muslims to take up
their cause
empty eyelid mahmoud says the
recruitment began two years ago with
diaspora Syrians and Kurds who wanted to
return home but has since then extended
to all Muslims
governments and aid agencies need to act
quickly to stop the deadliest outbreak
of Ebola since the virus emerged in 1976
medical workers with Doctors Without
Borders are struggling to contain an
epidemic of a say has spiraled out of
control at least 337 people have died of
the disease in Guinea Liberia and Sierra
Leone since February and the charity
says the stigma of infection has made it
even more difficult to contain in a
region of Africa that's never been
affected by the virus check out the Vice
News YouTube channel for more original
reporting in documentaries from around
the world the political landscape in
Iraq has changed the balance of power
has changed and now we are a neighbor to
another emerging state Iraq the Islamic
state in Iraq and the Levant today Iraq
is not our neighbor Isis is our neighbor
