do you think there's any chance that the
Kurds will give up Kirkuk now or is this
gonna be Kurdish territory now forever
by the Makua hawk or a hawk Matty had
him a map a Mombasa aqua here's EPS
margo walker aquatarium de Falla Hachi
Kaku became what palace Gary's idea that
came Todd Wachtel avi Feynman kir cook
has long been described as a flash point
due to disputed claims of who should be
in charge of the territory just a few
years ago the Iraqi army encouraged
Peshmerga were involved in a standoff
that almost led to war
now while the Kurds control the city
Isis and other Sunni groups are just
south carrying out sporadic attacks for
now
the Kurds finally have control of the
land they've always wanted what is
what's the historical significance of
Kirkuk and why does it mean so much to
the courage to have it under their
control
Kirkuk has been the symbol of our
oppression has been the symbol of our
deprivation and has been the symbol of
denial of the rights of the Kurdish
people so there have been attempts in
order to change realities on the ground
to have demographic change and our
rights were you served there for Kirkuk
is important not because of the oil that
it has all of Kurdistan we have organ
and gas so it's not about oil and gas
it's about the people it's about land
it's about justice two years ago I was
in Kirkuk and the talk was of the
standoff with the Iraqi army and the
tigress force and with the diliman of
article 140 which would have given a
vote to the people in Kirkuk to see if
they wanted to belong to the KRG neither
one of those things seems like it exists
anymore
well yes the reality on the ground has
changed
today's Iraq is different from last
week's Iraq we were waiting for a
solution indeed we have been betrayed in
that because that was a constitutional
commitment a commitment that started
with Todd transition visitor blow and it
needed to be implemented we did not want
to impose a solution on the people we
wanted to give the right to the people
or the people to make the final say in
the situation but unfortunately
everybody was avoiding because they were
sure of the results in in 2003 when the
Kurds first took your cook the Americans
sort of made them withdraw ask them to
withdraw is there any way that the
Peshmerga will withdraw now since
they've taken over again peshmergas out
there to stay to defend and also to
protect the people and the land so
there's no way the Kurds are going to
give up Kirkuk one more time why what
for because of the forces which were
there have thought and felt that they
were loyal to the land they would not
have betrayed it I mean by that you mean
the Iraqi army of course of course an
army that the Americans have helped
rebuild they have spent billions of
dollars on that he'll be very well paid
very well equipped but they did not have
the Moran and I want to make sure that
it's not the weapons that make men it's
the men who make weapons effect but when
you have a group like Isis even though
it's not in their best interest to
attack the Peshmerga can you really
trust that there won't be fighting again
in these areas the political landscape
in Iraq has changed the balance of power
has changed and now we are a neighbor to
an another emerging state Iraq the
Islamic state in Iraq and the Levant
today Iraq is not our neighbor Isis is
our neighbor
so we're in Kirkuk right now which even
before this recent conflict has been a
flashpoint it's got a mixed population
of Turkic immense Arabs and Kurds and
everyone sort of laid claim to this land
you can see behind me is the 12th
division army base of the Iraqi army and
they just abandoned it completely so
other currents have it under control
they have the entire city under control
and most people don't think that they're
ever going to give it back it's an issue
of dignity here as chemistry and ah gee
kid Muslim control kid Lehrer anesthesia
Iraqi Bangkok tetazoo la Sahara
cotton here's a canoe and Homolka do
chefs can legal ha'la'tha con la la la
la la di da boo - hot in Iranian good a
real control kid air el cuatro cat hat
emo Adi Jesse akiha boy suit and en esta
Emma now second controlled wah-bah
homogeneous market officer Hamoui Sakana
what is his sermon here la no Kikuko
Hatteberg raha Taku Nahum Ali Abdullah
control mantra by heat signal in Jersey
- better Anna here's the hospital Erin
Esterhazy - I see children on Terra -
Alice a Bosch theorist eaten raw here's
E - Ansar al-islam Laguna Martina coos
Bundy here cartoon elugu open doors K
and P hamari on PA he gesture Iraqi a
good to honor code ASEAN sorry Barajas
EPS Melchizedek and here's the
peshmerga's was ricany control code over
amberyan O'Brien was tied in a fewa now
in Bahia wake Vienna fierce misty again
appears when the Iraqi army left they
tell you come take our base did they let
you know about everything or did they
just leave and you were stuck here to
fight Ethiopia no Balaam common Emma
Whisman Sadiq a cuckoo doll very shoddy
cuckoo controller can he see - Nikita
bin dusty hazy - ho Manhattan Baha curry
has EPA's Maga how Korea's leadership
element
after what happened in the 60s and
starting with the ionization and after
happened with the Americans in 2003 do
you think there's any chance that the
Kurds will give up here cook now or is
this gonna be Kurdish territory now
forever bali bali maharaja theorem a map
in Mombasa what we hear cps Margo
welcome a terrarium Defiler Hachi Kaku
became what palace Gary she later came
Todd wah - ah - man nah he'll indicated
the sea
he's here zhe karemma legal Amir DGM
Abed Emma Perez Gary la chica khuda ke
lebara Wayne Elsa Doland rockin hairston
the Mario Kart oh sorry me could the Sun
hot Abbas man Korea attachable Hamlin
how Korea Rakesh became what about the
Amish debating while the Kurds might be
celebrating minorities in the city might
not be willing to accept Curtis rule
just as easily we had just left the last
offensive checkpoint here and Kier cook
in this part as soon as we left there an
explosion we look back there was an idea
that exploded which you can see in the
background over here
so unlike Mosel Kirkuk is still really
really tense there reports of IEDs
coming in from all over
it's not finished here at all
