we just come to cite the Taliban suicide
bomb it's not outside the university
here that's the first polling station we
went to on polling day it's a
flesh-and-blood thing picks up all over
the street one bystander was killed one
wounded they tried to get a government
minister they missed
what happened Helen moaning about seven
a five o'clock there is a suicide bomber
the hill and mulling over Easter said Oh
Mike I'm attacking and one person said
then work it right and a few guys who
get injured with your drug in a car they
some abominate said to not drive a car
yeah yeah he's a car was into here like
this they're taking us to see the body
of the suicide bomb it was blown over
the wall by the power of the explosion
they've moved it over here
but no pain the photo so mad those
stories are actually travel in the
turret so that's how garnish the menu
tonight fashion repelled urethane we've
only been about 20 minutes in that time
they've created a most the records that
movie made it's a car that was
sandwiched in it they've cleaned up most
the human remains from the street in a
few minutes they'll reopen this growth
and life of car will go back to normal
