immobilize anxiety
she's an alpha versus last NGO feed or
not rather dinners quarterly a little
Google
you
the election may have gone well in Kabul
but in the rest of the country it's a
different matter and fifty people were
killed in Taliban violence we've come to
harass from the border with Iran to meet
some village elders who were punished by
the Taliban for voting
it's fine people in his war days and we
placed by the Taliban voting yeah
they're still frightened the Taliban
most won't talk his face covered in a
sheet
Dustin below righted him 11 Sekulow
Metro mission mocked up in Ferguson
vahana Dawson very odd mo was taught
about
everyone Perryman tera vaada store video
via mobile and the committee why do you
get everyone saw to find me you would
want a German they've talked I don't yet
know the food was another joke a good
boy was Dan Accardo had extra chili
drawn in this regime you know polish
mothers who presumably would have to be
rival most salutary without fathers
masala not do you understand she's wrong
about some of the regular Google them
solely well when I come out I didn't
the court testimony is the Taliban still
powerful enough also any mana Vilnius
very mana mamasan that have you
corrected me she me I'm gonna stab you
lose me removing do you regret costing
your body weakening bangle our
settlement they can
a general thank you for meeting us
we met the villages the voters who had
their fingers cut by the Taliban after
voting
what's the police response to that
incident miletto WTF honest an F curry
masculine a machete were in Sony in Iran
inertia in our a meetin where the barber
carry a football game economist ah t
Panji bejeebers or you know the city a
groupie to restore Tolliver you know the
Buddha mission
Torah News diagonal are zero meaning
Castillo de la donna faro Majrooh Dora
what I am Latino fear and the Mahalo
Stan weather just a dream more figures
in Houston key to ensure low back every
operation
so you've come to this magnificent
marble edifice it's across in a villa
and a palace it's a home of its mal con
he was the leader of jihad against the
Soviets here in western Afghanistan
after they're forced out he ruled her up
like a medieval King he supported
Abdullah scan to see the president and
if Abdullah wins it's Mel Carnaby a very
powerful figure in Afghanistan once
again though the elections seems to pass
off quite smoothly quite quietly do you
see them as a success for Afghanistan
gasps a cot or rather the anguished cry
though that we done Qatar should cut
their fertility nor did him I'm a martim
Afonso know how I cut erotica vulgar
than well Jimmy Attica City but would
you take a fast Lycoris Jonathan you
supported dr. Abdullah in the second
round of the presidential elections do
you expect to take up a position in any
government what have you done laughter
Kate Sonya kisser Amoy at mokona cushy
speaking out the last may connect the
Marfatia to the team the whole team of
 although mr. Burton I
myself had not thought of beginning we
met the eleven farmers who had their
fingers cut by the Taliban for voting a
few days ago the Taliban say that
democracy that voting is Kufa
as a very devout Muslim as a very famous
majare head what would you say to the
and as a man who's taking part a
democratic process itself he's put up
himself up the presidential election in
the previous round what would you say to
the Taliban and to their supporters
Toliver volcania guru he JoEllen well
madam yang to walk under jihad in the
gimmick on a guru vaak and solomon
Aslam of a silica or garden bear
resident by a gopher hood cat occurred
an anguish egg misil monarchy in the
hwacha ghastly share you must reattach
it with dreamy doll Adam is dead muscle
Mona was the norm Aslam
dunam of Jeep with Mooloolaba so that I
did O'Connor we are gonna carry rescue
work and reform economy No
the Taliban official spokesman in
Pakistan denied responsibility but we
arranged to meet a local Taliban cleric
to find out the true situation here on
the ground in Iraq you know you know you
know hood about know make that blue of
what about no is it clarified the
Taliban as a whole the Taliban High
Command didn't order the casting of the
fingers of those faces no if you just
have fun anyway
what's limit understand me a guy who
knows no matter what any malaria Pataca
anguish death boy now so in that case
will the Taliban punish the commander
who ordered that or the commander's he
carried it up will never ask you what
your revenue borne away that's a guru
guru before you need traffic travis
there are traffic but that appeared your
mechanic but in a properly but i saw
with an acidic corn economy do you think
that the Taliban will return to power
like a mommy baby new key into hwacha
college
musashi sinuously
you know what a student knows that you
know to the chapel they know that they
don't keep the demon of an ayat' i
referred Udacity I refer told ago who
wishes that is member eoghan asado boho
teacher a grown woman is associated of
develop short Isaiah she wrote on tape
acoustician shorter and she moment I
refer my husband my tag Moctezuma build
new riding and it has moon appreciated
moon aluminum law time chili dog
acoustic I did have more and magical
vacation at issue clearly more corners
in Quito tariff is in your therapy but
rifleman have unique mobile in my guava
but the really good image first of we
have completely destroyed
man he took way academies Golconda you
go so you can be diggity
you know in a comment tapir yummy Lynch
comes off miss over buscando city isn't
jump you understand us Adam Duff
you by chance if it is he's of illegal
boosted even today I love doing other
conditioners his hands Union cannot
