it's Monday June sixteenth and here's
some of the names beyond the headlines
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is blaming the Palestinian
Islamist group Hamas for the abduction
of three Jewish teenagers in the West
Bank and he says no one should be
surprised a Hamas spokesman called the
accusations stupid Israeli security
forces have arrested at least 80
Palestinians including professors
clerics and various Hamas members the
allegations are stoking tensions between
Israel and the new interim Palestinian
government that formed earlier this
month out of a deal struck between Hamas
and its rival Fatah party the Taliban
didn't stop millions of Afghans from
voting in a runoff to elect their new
leader militants detained 11 men in
Herat province on Saturday and sliced
off the ink-stained fingers they used to
cast their ballots and across the
country the Taliban carried out hundreds
of rocket and bomb attacks killing at
least 40 civilians and nearly 30
security personnel turnout in both
rounds was high as Afghans chose between
former finance minister Ashraf Ghani and
former foreign minister abdullah
abdullah both candidates have said
they're willing to negotiate with the
taliban the UN says nearly a million
Iraqis have been forced out of their
homes since Islamic militants seized the
northern city of Mosul last Tuesday
iraqi government forces say they've
slowed advances by al-qaeda splinter
group the Islamic State of Iraq and
Syria or Isis thousands of Iraqi men
have formed militia groups to fight the
rebels who have taken several cities on
the road to the capital Baghdad Isis
wants to do away with existing borders
to establish an Islamic empire across
the Middle East
read some 50,000 Cambodians fled
Thailand over the weekend fearful of a
crackdown on migrant workers by the
military leaders who staged a coup last
month the exodus began after Thailand's
ruling junta announced it would tackle
illegal immigration and rumors
circulated that several workers had been
killed or beaten Cambodia and Thailand
have a history of distrust and several
armed skirmishes over disputed border
territory check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world if we forced him to open his
hand he when he opened his Hindu and
Wendish he voted once and he wanted to
work the second time we got them and
give to the security forces
