even at the best of times is a security
ring of steel around Kabul but they've
almost doubled the amount of checkpoints
to the election this one here it's one
of the main entrances into Kabul from
the airport road it's a whole sea of
traffic here stopping all the traffic
searching all the cars coming into the
city looking for suicide bombers look if
you concealed weapons
and can you explain what you're doing
what's going on we had 32 checkpoint
you save me human it's actually good
come see me exactly what the day sure
why not
thank you
we are facing our enemy and I will tell
you that the Afghan security forces are
very tight these days and they will not
allow the enemy of Afghanistan to do
anything bad for our again it's gonna be
alright it's gonna be tested people is
very excited to actually you know it is
nothing nothing possible everything is
possible because right now Afghanistan
is not the situation's nobody knows what
is going to be later on and everybody's
and we kind of
stress but thanks God the security in
the police and the military they are
very alive very open eyes to get
everything is under control the security
is only one of the challenges facing a
successful election activist both
frontrunner Abdullah Abdullah and his
rival candidate Ashraf Ghani accused
each other with planning election fraud
and the massive scale it has come to the
polling station a larger patched-in area
of Kabul you'll see it's pretty calm it
looks like the security plans working
with no major incidents today
that's the important for Afghan people
that's what because Afghan people they
try it from war actually when he win the
election I'm 100% sure he will make a
change big change is the finger for a
chevron he is also good for our granny
and my cousin is also good for Russia
too much esteem Wow it's a legal right
and everybody should participate in the
elections process in order to elect
their abdomen president for the future
of the country definitely definitely and
very helpful for the bright future of
Afghanistan and I hope the country will
take a step away from the 30 years or
the two decades of war and will go
towards a political economical
stabilization in the country and the
people were 11 the peace and will have a
bright future so it's all going
swimmingly really there's not that many
people here the small trickle of voters
coming through but there's no
allegations of fraud there's no security
incidents so far everyone we spoke to
seems to be very very open very willing
to express their passionate belief in
the value of democracy
the hopeful future for Afghanistan this
isn't what the Taliban wanted States
look like if the government is a success
brush Edmund was a yeah I also voted for
my chosen candidate
I'm the observers of dr. Ashraf Ghani
and I caused the one of fake voting's
one of boy he was under 18 also he got
his he covered his hand with bandage and
after that what is carved we was we
forced him to open his hand he when he
opened his hand and when - he voted once
and he wanted to vote the second time we
caused him and give to the security
forces whatever people do they might
they might tell you you're doing wrong
they might tell you this is the right
person they might try to bribe you but
at the end of the day the people have
gannis time truly know who wants to be
the President of Afghanistan and who can
be and who can provide us the things we
need for today and tomorrow
I can see one of the observers of course
yes in some places of Kabul districts
like Karabakh some warlords commanders
who had armed even the use hand grenades
and one of the proof is in Karabakh
district of Kabul a commander named Naga
and even he beat up one of the
candidates monitors ripped out his his
waist that this candidate is not working
here soon so he did that would would
support which comes he was commander he
was trying to prevent
Ghani speed between the two candidates
which one is inputting the majority
violations which if you're asking me I
will say a blow Abdullah is making more
violation do you think it's will
invalidate I think still we have enough
time if the Election Commission keeps
helping we still have many hours to
resolve these issues and do not let more
happens if they keep it up for the rest
of the day of course there will be more
problems than the result
it's the last piling Center again today
pilings just closed marina sheer
distributable and this is the women's
section
sailing part epoxy staff recording alums
and tags to make sure this grapefruit
start a search on supercharger
non-smokers and too far what the movie
will be selling tobacco Caputo be
selfish as soup as asked soup mother
into filter steam came understand is the
eternal I mean from my mother - Rob
McClendon back racial percent of comment
of Thomas your autonomy autonomy Tony
moon as kamischka Lockwood I'm abugida
zoom more of my any more for that this
melody where Pushkin imperiled of NASA
your name okay I'm not gonna make her
proud
so that's it the polls are closed
results are coming for the provinces in
about a month here in Kabul everything
went smoothly the no Taliban attacks but
Kabul isn't the whole of Afghanistan and
whoever does become president Security's
biggest challenge basement
