Oh
Rio's favelas may now be under police
control but little has changed for
residents criminal gangs may be
temporarily silenced but now some police
have taken their place skimming money
and enforcing the right to do so
some police are now shaking down
businesses here from the providers of
basic services like health care water
electricity to the owners of food stands
bars and nightclubs like this in the
southern Rio slum known as favela
Vidigal
we're in the south side of Rio which is
a bit wealthier and since the
pacification is a novellas
gentrification it started happening here
now these street parties they were free
so the poor people would always come in
parties and the rich people were welcome
saved by drugs but now that's got to pay
to come in these clubs the wealthy
people are here but the poor people have
been left out it's not just getting into
the club that now costs more but prices
are soaring on assess ''tis like food
transportation rent and what hits
hardest for brazilians the cost in
football matches we went to see how this
plays out in Rio's newly refurbished
Maracana stadium the match was between
two Oreos oldest teams Flamengo and
luminance
English the biggest team in Brazil so
lower
while promenades the other team go to
the overpass
after they're from an estimate a second
ball they started chanting violence in
the favela silence the favela does
hippos send up give got the rich people
and actually saying shut up
do you think any of these people are
gonna make it to the World Cup or do you
think it'll be too expensive
because our like $500
not only can most not afford to attend
the games but Brazilian vendors can't
even profit from all the money that's
coming in from tourists to accommodate
FIFA's requests Brazil overturned a
decade-long ban on beer sales inside
stadiums while at the same time
banning beer sales within a two
kilometre radius from where the games
are being held
further shutting out working-class
Brazilians who make their living selling
here outside the matches out the
government propaganda about the World
Cup was a you gotta bring lots of money
and jobs to the country but as it
approached we are seen as quite
different they don't down on this out
this laughter no standing be
outside here when there's going to be
their users
games here they won't be allowed there
will be like two kilometers for their
probably selling beer for the protesters
the ot1 Milka Milka not gonna come easy
oh did you buy cannabis ujiie here
Jammu had magic no hey you know what
listen up you FIFA that's what
they're saying here in this sprawling
encampment in Sao Paulo not far from one
of the gleaming new World Cup stadiums
so right now we are at the people's cup
camp it's a huge camp of over 4,000
families that are here protesting and
we're gonna be showed around by an
organizer
Ejim Wilson he's they take us into the
camp you or she assists are you / hey
cheffy country secure a peaceful theta
loop open this was done and finally k
not food
well we stopped here in the middle of
the camp we've got a fire going so we're
gonna ask the locals here what they
think about the World Cup
open wound a yellow girl made a
difficult idea Vedic a song dedicated to
the character gostin me know in the city
studied for Delhi Darbar Agia way to
kasha the pro tip about fight bralla are
cooperating yet approach / - it's my
dollar to buy a unit Artemis a judo
copper to hit the target them but the
government is determined to show Brazil
is ready and able to host the games and
will use any necessary force to make
sure things go according to plan
Bree said she have three situations that
fans laugh this exercise shows how they
would remove a single protester but
there will most likely be tens of
thousands with teachers security guards
bus drivers trash collectors and even
police themselves threatening to strike
and shut down Brazil cities during the
tournament the competition to host the
World Cup is often as hard fought at the
tournament itself that's because the
chosen host gets a chance to show off to
the world what it's capable of the
Brazilian government has seized the
opportunity to show that it's arrived as
a top global economic power but it's not
just the government and gets a chance to
tell the story the people do - including
those who don't typically get a voice at
home let alone abroad
you can also factor the fun and if he
needs to taco much but I know that I'm a
Chicano
I teach everyone a fish going to be
indicted
yeah it's uh finding Chicano change
miles who the Palazzo and now that the
games have started they're going to make
sure they're heard loud and clear
