it's Tuesday June 10th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Brazilian riot police fired tear gas at
public transportation workers in South
Paulo on the fifth day of a strike
certain to disrupt the start of the
World Cup if it continues a court ruled
the strike illegal on Sunday and find
the union who organized it but that
didn't stop the subway workers who say
they won't accept anything less than the
12 percent pay bump Thursday's opening
match between Brazil and Croatia kicks
off about 12 miles east of Brazil's
biggest city authorities are worried
that means sour powers usual traffic
congestion could descend into complete
chaos Egyptian police have arrested
seven men who allegedly sexually
assaulted several women during
inauguration celebrations for president
Abdul Fattah al-sisi graphic video
posted online showed a woman's naked
beaten and bloodied body being dragged
through Cairo's Tahrir Square before she
was loaded into an ambulance the country
only last week outlawed sexual assault
for the first time imposing fines and up
to five years prison time for those
convicted Syrian President Bashar
al-assad has decided to forgive and
forget a few things less than a week
after his re-election to another
seven-year term the decree claims it
will pardon foreigners who have come to
Syria to fight if they surrender within
a month it offers the same act of
kindness to terminally ill prisoners and
those over 70 years old army deserters
and kidnappers who free their hostages
Assad's critics say this is all a
publicity stunt and that only a fraction
of prisoners were actually released
after similar decrees in the past
scientists with the US Geological Survey
are using point of view cameras to learn
more about how climate change is
affecting polar bears researchers have
attached video collars to four female
polar bears in Alaska and watch them
swim hunt and interact with other polar
bears they'll use the data to try and
understand how their everyday activities
might be altered by changes in sea ice
conditions the US government declared
polar bears a threatened species in 2008
predicting they would become endangered
if rising temperatures continue to melt
their habits
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries my round-the-world I pity
my government which pretends that it's
not at work with its own citizens Muslim
citizens we are here to preserve life
and property and therefore we are not in
the business of killing
