Suroosh Alvi visited both sides of the
Iran Afghanistan border to see firsthand
the effects of the explosion in the drug
trade since the american-led invasion
this is his debrief
it really felt like Iran was fighting
this war on drugs by themselves but the
reality is that the United Nations
Office on Drugs and Crime set up
something called the triangular
initiative in 2007 where Iran
Afghanistan and Pakistan have been
taking intergovernmental meetings and
trying to figure out how to stop the
flow of heroin throughout the region the
reality is that it's failed
I think miserably because I've been to
spend time in Afghanistan Pakistan and
Iran now and all I've seen are like
millions of heroin addicts everywhere so
it doesn't seem to be working so well
that said the UNODC is funneling money
to help Iran fight this war on drugs but
a lot of countries have problems with
the number of executions that are taking
place in Iran so you know some countries
don't want to send that money and
anymore but bottom line is that Iran is
seizing more heroin narcotics in any
other country in the world so American
policy on drugs in Afghanistan basically
flip-flopped over the years initially
the Bush administration saw as not a
military issue they were focused just on
terrorism said it was a police issue but
they did try to eradicate opium
cultivation and burn down the fields but
what they did was push the farmers
towards the Taliban because they were
taking their livelihoods away they
realized ok that's not working and then
the Obama administration came in and
said well let's try like crop
replacement and spent ten billion
dollars trying to figure that out but
ultimately it didn't work under our
watch as we pull out the opium
cultivation levels have never been
higher
there were a lot of things that happened
Mohammed double thought the the kid that
I interviewed in the rebirth center he
was actually on route to going into like
a proper Iranian rehab not one of those
gruesome detention centers and we
followed him we filmed the whole process
and the the treatment center was
fantastic it was like kind of like a
treatment center in North America but
like it only cost $100 and he got help
from people to go there so he'd been a
street kid since he was 8 years old and
was finally on the road to getting clean
so we've been trying to get into Iran
since 2007 and have been denied
consistently and it's always been this
country that I was really interested in
going to and finally last year we were
reading about the effect that the war in
Afghanistan is having on Iran the amount
of drugs going in and so we we contacted
them we applied for visas and told them
that we're trying to tell a story here
about your war on drugs the UN had
praised Iran for the amount of drug
seizures and wanted to get the kind of
Iranian perspective on the flow of
heroin into their country and the war in
Afghanistan
the head of Iran's DEA the reason why we
ended with him was because what he says
captures the Iranian sentiments and the
perspective and view on America
perfectly the anti-american sentiment is
so high there that they are really using
the kind of drug problem inflow heroin
into their country as a propaganda tool
like look how bad America is they are
consciously intentionally and
deliberately trying to undermine our
efforts and destroy us from the inside
by infecting millions of our people with
heroin
these Iran ian's aren't crazy they are
intelligent sophisticated and educated
people and honestly I could kind of see
where they're coming from a little bit
because they've just been sitting there
not fighting this war and all of a
sudden you know they've had issues with
America they've had sanctions and this
in the same flow of heroin is coming in
and they're like wait America spending
all this money in Afghanistan and they
can't like stop this opium and heroin
trade into our country so they're really
like feeling like it's a kind of a
weapon of war against them
