man misty aspic hold firm as we'd like
to hear from intangible second eyes Jim
here Azam
in Saturday the streets of Vienna played
host to a far-right rally right-wing
group identitarian that called upon
their factions across Europe to support
them groups from France Italy Belgium
and Switzerland flew into march
alongside the austrian fraction in a
show of force to protest against the
Union and to parade their increasing
popularity and mobilization of pressure
away
in response to the identitarian March an
anti-fascist group took to the streets
the group known as offensive against the
right is made up of activists political
parties and initiatives who recently
mobilized against the rise of the
far-right in Austria
we're using some aquatic state
as the two opposing groups met in
central Vienna's Museum quarter the
police moved in arresting 38
anti-fascist protesters in total both
identitarian and offensive against the
Wyatt consider Saturday's events to be a
victory though no real outcome is coming
with but nonetheless the clashes only
served to prove that extreme radical
political movements are alive and well
gaining a new generation of recruits and
a more visible political agenda
