it's Thursday may 29th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines riot
police in northern France have evacuated
several hundred migrants from three
makeshift camps they then bulldozed to
deal with an outbreak of scabies
authorities in the port city of Calais
brought buses to transfer the migrants
to centres where they'd be given new
clothes and access to showers but most
of them refused to go fearing they'd be
taken elsewhere the migrants mostly of
Syrian and African descent have been
trying to cross the English Channel to
reach British soil they say they have
nowhere else to go now that the camps
are destroyed Lebanese troops used
batons and sticks to push back hundreds
of Syrians trying to rush their embassy
near Beirut thousands flocked to the
embassy on the first day of early voting
in Syria's first presidential election
in 50 years the crowds brought traffic
to a standstill and for some schools to
cancel scheduled exams most are believed
to be supporters of President Bush added
Assad is expected to win another
seven-year turn
dozens of Congolese children have been
reunited with their adoptive Italian
parents after months of political
wrangling two dozen Italian couples flew
to the Democratic Republic of Congo to
adopt children last fall but the
proceedings were blocked because
authorities were suspicious that
previously adopted children were being
sold into trafficking rings the couples
were forced to leave when their visas
expired and it took months of
negotiations between the Italian and
Congolese governments to settle the
dispute most of the children's
biological parents had died in fighting
on the Congolese border with Burundi
tech giant google is rolling out its
latest driverless car prototype and it
could be good news for bad drivers the
car seats two passengers but doesn't
have steering wheels or gas or brake
pedals so while some of Google's earlier
self-driving models required a driver to
take over in certain situations this new
car does it all solo the car has a
maximum speed of around 25 miles an hour
but the company says that could increase
to 100 miles an hour once the car meets
safety standards check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
thank you goody basket pity desk open up
