it's Wednesday May 28 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines the convoy
belonging to chemical weapons experts
was attacked in Syria well on its way to
investigate alleged chlorine gas use the
Syrian government said the fact-finding
team was trying to reach a village in
Hammer where a ten-hour ceasefire will
allow it to carry out its work the team
later released a statement saying they
were safe rebels say the military has
dropped barrel bombs of the gas from
helicopters over the last few months the
claim the government denies President
Bashar al-assad agreed last year to hand
over the country's entire chemical
weapons stockpile after hundreds of
people were killed in a sarin gas attack
near damascus an Iranian judge wants
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg
to answer questions about mobile
applications whatsapp and Instagram
according to Iranian media the judge
summons Zuckerberg over complaints the
facebook-owned apps violate the privacy
of Iranian users lucky for him though
there's no extradition treaty between
the u.s. and Iran so the summons can't
actually be enforced America's highest
court decided on Tuesday that states
can't use an IQ score of 70 as a strict
cut off execution Florida had upheld the
death sentence of a man who tested at 71
but the Supreme Court argued that the
state had to apply a margin of error and
that modern medical guidelines don't use
IQ scores as the only measure of
intellectual ability it's the first
decision to fine-tune of 2002 ruling
which held the executing mentally
disabled people violated the Eighth
Amendment against cruel and unusual
punishment
Greenpeace activists boarded an oil
drilling rig in the Norwegian Arctic on
Tuesday to try to stop exploration plans
in the far north but because the rig is
in international waters Norwegian police
say they can't do anything about it
until drilling begins after which they
could claim they were protecting
national interests the environmental
group says the drilling threatened
Norway's bear island an uninhabited
wildlife sanctuary which is home to rare
species check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world I
think people have this idea that it's
the far-right vice of the far left it's
a very broad kind of a resistance
against them it's not just a specific
year anti-fascist books with their
policy look east violence against us its
violence against all of my friends who
might be homosexual or just a different
skin come
