normally would this is aleksandrovka
it's in the Donets Kuragin but it's only
one of four areas that I'm pretty
certain the elections are actually being
held in in this entire region it's
pretty pro-ukrainian people speak
Ukrainian in this village Ukrainian flag
we're gonna go see the polling so this
is a school it's where the polling
station is and there's quite a lot of
Ukrainian gunmen here to make sure that
nothing happens because we've heard
already reports that there are
separatists going around polling
stations in the rest of the region
intimidating the staff and making sure
that elections aren't taking place in
quite a lot of places in Donetsk never
been so excited to do a story about
voting but this is one of the only
places in the region where it's
happening
Petro poroshenko the candy maker
and politician is the front-runner in
this race but according to Ukrainian law
candidate has to get over 50% of the
votes in order to win outright in the
first round and a lot of people don't
want this to go to a second round
because that would mean more instability
for Ukraine but people here aren't just
voting for a candidate they're also
voting to show their support for a
united country so this election is
probably the most important election
Ukraine has ever had today special Star
Wars Novus precedes otavalo surveilling
winners America vices emotions presses
questionable
thus one spasiba
with the cabo prosavana comparison come
not achievable to move away we just
where it's so strange
we wish you tight systems most ladies
are busy me to pray you know ladies this
is the Electoral Commission in
aleksandrovka we sign above the door
says welcome but the doors actually
locked they've kind of barricaded
themselves inside because they're afraid
just in case the separatists come into
this area too so we've asked one of the
members to come out to speak to us okay
upon you my stage name is Veronica Missy
SUDEP really slaviansk Pacino - this is
Vanessa
yes Alex and rocky marinas list we
preach in Asheville NC p svenska cupen
Texas a couple of Suprema senior he per
area axis newspaper Jose HTML Committee
he taught run a boutique impression come
see the Commission which MOSOP resistant
that roach of provisional borough
president of crema achieve it not unique
the principal Patania managed Nevison I
do too crazy New York UNIX it is not the
job in visionary test show done is
called last year just in Ukraine when I
post on a novel yet Oh crazy no it would
show up obvious on the train at the any
key an annoucement if too much is reverb
or Akasha special move poroshenko Nina's
wish about auntie mashenka abode of
sahiba an applicator just achieved an
Islamic regime in nationalism in most
urban history Mia - what is a premium
Linda can you Donna
so that's the situation in aleksandrovka
voting is going normally here because
the Ukrainian authorities have taken
this part of the Donetsk region under
control we had to go through about five
checkpoints Ukrainian checkpoints to get
here but in the rest of the Donetsk
region it's very different we sent a
camera person to the city of Donetsk in
the surrounding areas
and over there the pro-russian
separatists are going from polling
station to polling station intimidating
people and terrorizing the electoral
commission members so that they can't
carry out voting
sure
and yes before the new dimension is a
horrid Ibiza you know also I know
shooted acquire
boating was never really gonna happen in
a lot of the areas of the Nets region
because what was actually happening is
thousands of people gathering in the
center of the city to send up a big
group of rebel fighters off to the
battlefield
sympathy
with everything that's going on in
eastern Ukraine it's easy to forget that
voter turnout was huge in the rest of
the country and enough people voted for
poroshenko to win in the first round now
Ukraine has a new leader who hopefully
will be able to restore stability to the
whole country
you
