it's Tuesday May 27th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines Ukraine's
military has launched air attacks on
pro-russia separatists to recapture an
airport in the east
gunships fired rockets and cannon at
rebels who had stormed the airport in
Donetsk earlier in the day the rebels
returned fire from positions on the
ground
the fighting comes as the man slated to
be the country's next president Petro
poroshenko says he wants to work with
Russia to end the crisis the arrival of
the rainy season is making life even
more miserable for thousands of
displaced South Sudanese people months
of fighting between government and rebel
forces has destroyed food markets and
forced people to abandon their livestock
and land and now tents and makeshift
shelters and camps are leaking soaking
those trying to keep warm inside and
creating a perfect environment for
malaria medical workers in the country
are already struggling to contain a
cholera outbreak which has infected more
than 300 people they say the disease
could spread even further because of the
rain and as the people of South Sudan
cope with too much rain weather experts
say half of America could really do with
more of it Arizona California Kansas
Nevada New Mexico Oklahoma and Texas are
experiencing severe drought conditions
some worse than any time in the last
century California is the worst affected
more than 60% of the state is completely
parched
firefighters have fought at least 1,400
wildfires across the state this year
which have been linked to droughts and
hot weather
a recent ad campaign encouraging Mexican
mothers to breastfeed has produced more
outrage than anything the campaign
launched in Mexico City with posters of
topless toned actresses with
strategically placed banners across
their chests the text translates to
don't turn your back on them give them
your breasts the World Health
Organization says poverty and poor
nutrition are the main reasons why
Mexican mothers don't breastfeed as long
as recommended and many working mothers
are either discouraged or prohibited
from pumping milk in the office some
women's groups say the
guilt-trip mom's instead of educating
them about the benefits of breastfeeding
others say they look more like they're
selling shampoo rather than addressing a
serious issue
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Zanna wrote Nigella who spread
ambassador Rock Rabbani Nazis nada yella
boots Warren you have a stock
