Vikram Gandhi went to Fukushima where
levels of nuclear radiation have been
drastically downplayed by the Japanese
government this is his debrief the main
concern when we went to the water tanks
was really radioactive dust and
radioactive water you saw that the water
tanks were full of this radioactive
liquid but also on the ground on the
surface in the trees things that could
be caught up in the wind are radioactive
particles in dust and that's why we're
wearing masks also the reason that
you're required to wear those suits
inside the exclusion zone is so that you
don't bring radioactive dust out so what
was so awkward with mr. kina was that he
refused to wear the suit and it wasn't
about his protection it was about the
protection of other people and I found
that kind of reckless on his part so
ironically when we were leaving the site
he asked us to remove our suits because
he didn't want the dust to be brought
out into the outside world and when I
asked him why he would matter because
there was no radioactive dust he just
told us we just need to remove it and
that was it
so a Geiger counter is a radiation
measuring device and a lot of people
have Geiger counter since Fukushima it
is not my place to say how bad the
situation is there when it comes to the
levels on our Geiger counter because
it's been debated by all kinds of
scientists what's safe and what's not
and that's what was so tricky about this
story but what I can tell you is that
our Geiger counter was reading
measurements up to 900 times the
measurements we found in Tokyo
TEPCO is the Tokyo Electric and power
company and right now it's been bailed
out by the Japanese government and it's
not officially nationalized but you
could say that it is a national
organization because taxpayers aren't
paying for it
why TEPCO and the Japanese government
have been keeping people in the dark I
think there's a lot of reasons we can
guess some of them may be cultural about
pride and the Japanese government saying
that everything is ok I think while
people are kept in the dark right now
there is a huge movement in Japanese
society to find out what's really going
on and to deal with nuclear power and I
think it's something that Japan is gonna
have to deal with in years to come
last time we checked the Japanese
government and TEPCO had not made a
solid plan of how to dispose or take
care of radioactive dirt that's in the
bags and radio after water that's
building up in these tanks when you
drive around Fukushima on the side of
highways outside shopping centers and
outside schools you can see all of these
garbage bags inside of those garbage
bags is radioactive dust so the same
thing is happening with dirt is
happening to water all of these tanks
they're hundreds of tanks that are being
filled up with radioactive water after
Chernobyl it took about eight months for
them to build something called a
sarcophagus which is made of cement and
metal and steel and they were able to
encapsulate the fuel rods and the
reactors into this airtight case as to
not allow radiation to get out right now
in Japan it's been three years and they
haven't found a solution they are
talking about building a sophisticated
ice wall that goes around the reactors
to freeze all the nuclear waste into it
but that still has not been built and
nothing has ever been built in that
fashion of that size
what I've seen while doing this report
is that there are scientists and experts
around the world that disagree about how
radiation affects our environment and
some people will tell you that if you go
to Fukushima you'll get the same amount
of radiation as flying to Japan in a
plane other people will say that you
will have radiation only find out
generations from now I think we're
slowly learning you know about the
effects of radiation in our lives and on
our environment and I think what's so
scary about this whole situation is that
Japan is a quite meticulous culture and
if they don't know what to do with
nuclear power and they don't know how to
release information about nuclear waste
what happens when there's a nuclear
disaster in a developing country with
looser rules and less regulations
