ukrane stands on the brink of disaster
after losing the Crimea Peninsula to
Russian annexation it now faces losing
control of its eastern regions and a
struggle with pro-russian separatists we
were in Kiev for what turned out to be
the last days of the Euro Maidan
revolution that toppled President Viktor
Yanukovych the police had locked down
the city after a day of deadly black
boots that have left over 30 dead when
we arrived in Kiev the protesters have
been pushed back to their last lines of
defense on the Maidan things were
desperate and it looked that this could
be the end of the resistance however it
was clear that they weren't going to
give up the square without a fight
there's still a little bit of spice in
between that of cotton the protesters
fly was going in one direction and this
release checking the water cannon the
other
that was huge this is the new barricade
line beyond that is another line of
tires that the process in the satin fire
to separate themselves from the police
they're only a few feet beyond that it
was difficult to predict what would
happen next but no one could have
imagined the horror of the following day
the next morning the uneasy standoff was
broken when police started using live
rounds on the protesters so we headed
down to the square to investigate back
for the barricades go to square this is
crocheting Street behind me is the
reoccupied City Hall a number of police
have been captured in earlier clashes
the truce was broken this morning
apparently 20 or so policemen have been
captured by the protesters people are
shouting shame at them if they're being
like dragged into the new city hall
people are really really angry some of
them are trying to punch spitting on
them the police by opening fire on
protesters earlier today apparently
these two men were just brought in
collars completely drained out and
completely lifeless I think today might
be a very bloody day it was clear now
that the police were opening fire on the
protesters people were shaken by what
they were seeing and afraid that this
could be the start of an even deadlier
crackdown
people saying that there's a sniper on a
building overlooking their institutskaya
street behind me everyone sort of
gathered on this corner trying to take
cover from the sniper where bullets have
gone through their shield I mean they're
tough but they won't stop a bullet the
sniper is apparently got a view across
institutskaya street more and more
purchasers are venturing out now trying
to keep fueling the fire and building
those barricades at the front there
we're not exactly sure which building
the sniper is in but so quite frankly
any of us here could get with so many
conflicting reports it was difficult to
tell what had actually happened later
that day though videos surfaced of
police mercilessly opening fire on the
largely unarmed protesters
humor was shortened the head it's pretty
grim you see patches of blood all over
the place that it looks like skin gray
matter or something is most of the paper
soldiers were taken from premier fashion
areas there is a lot of propaganda
they're busy since this is like some
chili fight against blood isn't so they
bring the police from there because
they're afraid that police from here
will be on the other side of institutska
street the protesters were desperately
building barricades to provide more
cover from the snipers and there was a
constant fear that the police might
counter-attack in greater numbers we
think there's at least two snipers
covering this area so it's very risky to
be out in the open
wooden shields like that aren't going to
help them we're here in front of the
hotel you cry no that overlooks
Independence Square early on this
morning when clashes began it started
being used as a triage center for the
wounded
apparently inside there are a number of
dead bodies and mostly from gunshot
wounds we could not believe our eyes
because we saw that an army or military
soldiers were they should man with gun
then they took this corpse this is their
body throw them into the fire
traveling because I didn't see that
before in my life
so most of the people you've treated her
are they suffering from gunshot wounds
yes it's a gunshot and Bella's we were
taking from the pool their heads lungs
heart meat would not help although the
death toll was rising the protestors
were not falling back if anything the
deaths was spurring them on and they
couldn't afford to let down their fallen
comrades eight of those killed this
morning the clashes with police are now
lined up here and protesters are coming
to pay their respects
more and more this look like the
desperate last act of a government
losing control
you
at the moment it was very difficult to
find out how many exactly if they killed
today some are saying 100 some are
saying 30 a nurse said earlier that 21
bodies were brought here there are a
number of other bodies behind me waiting
to be loaded into the truck some of the
protesters are keeping their personal
details on them so in case something
happened to them their family would be
able to find out some however didn't so
some of these bodies are at the moment
and identified and the families possibly
don't know what's happened to them so
it's very very sad this day will go down
in history in Ukraine overnight the
violence had abated protesters had
strengthened their positions and the
police had secured the Parliament
district so to the right of me maybe
close to a 50 60 cops a lot of them
armed with ak-47s okay
Yanukovych was desperately trying to
broker a deal to cling on to power the
protesters clearly wanted nothing less
than his full resignation as the day
wore on and funerals had started to take
place in front of thousands on the
square it was becoming clear that
Yanukovych his days were numbered the
previous day slaughter had made martyrs
and heroes out of those killed and the
mood in the crowd was defiant and
competent as ever
as the funerals took place on the Maidan
the police melted away from their
positions outside Parliament as part of
the ongoing negotiations between the
government and the opposition leaving
some of their vehicles up for grabs
people aren't happy with the
negotiations that were broken earlier
some are even saying they may storm
Parliament tomorrow by 10:00 a.m. if
Yanukovych hasn't stepped down the
protesters didn't know it yet
but victory was theirs after four months
of bloody struggle Yanukovych finally
fled the country and face of
overwhelming public opposition
I'll cream yesterday the police pull
back all their forces because of this
truce agreement since I'm with the
opposition the government the front
doors Ukrainian Parliament the Rada
and instead of police at the front we've
got urine Maidan protesters inside the
building there's a session with the MPs
and they're talking about putting
through a law to impeach the president
of this country
Muskego Graeme Elliot Manya so what do
you hope to happen inside Parliament MPs
were busy trying to form a new
government setting dates for new
presidential elections and voted to
change back to the 2004 Constitution
parameter fix it ghalsuu it's a
purgatory in the Attic solution passed
on Delaney is a contemporary take a Tory
said no problem
little easier with me you should
exercise passport goodness 8kb
administered stitches media reported
Brazilian afforded same easiest mcdeere
yes Trivedi under the curry chicken
don't a militia of the earth but stone
star variant petunia world provides
dominate you see only a commercial
Constitution trainee be tricky very own
katana a couple in Virginia categorical
I see here preparedness see here
politically the most we do soldiers once
we're in there the MPS inside voted to
immediately release the former Prime
Minister Yulia Tymoshenko from President
Kharkov Yulia Tymoshenko co-led the
Orange Revolution in 2004 later becoming
Ukraine's first female Prime Minister
after losing the 2010 presidential
election to Viktor Yanukovych Tymoshenko
was jail for ten years for embezzlement
of state funds and abuse of power her
imprisonment was largely seen as
political by her supporters and Western
leaders people are still I think quite
surprised that they've in controlled the
Parliament building and that have
effectively one but it didn't take any
extra bloodshed you know I think there's
the expectation that they might have to
fight some more but it just didn't
happen you know hundreds of people have
died over the past week I think that's
part of the reason why we're not seeing
lots of people driving around screaming
and shouting and it's it's very sad
somber atmosphere still
so we're here on the grass cover Street
behind us Yulia Tymoshenko the former
jail PM has come down to lay some
flowers at one of the spots where
process was killed after laying flowers
at grushevskogo Yulia headed toward the
Maidan to speak to the tens of thousands
who've gathered to hear her speak Kaleo
the ecosphere
Yankees mix masala Pauline you must earn
a better carpet commitment I'll f cking
Shoukry inna silk rayon again including
in the whole load them Yankee Buland on
my diet
Yankees the Pendolino my DA here say
hero in the car
he died in my light
it had been a monumental day for Ukraine
Yanukovych had fled to the eastern city
of Kharkov isolated as his party
disintegrated around him and at least 60
people were thought to have been killed
the revolution had achieved its aims but
the protesters on the Maidan had paid a
heavy price as Parliament was taken
Ukraine turned his attention to the
ultimate symbol of Yanukovych is
corruption measure garrier his huge
sprawling private estate on the edge of
Kiev we're on our way to measure area
two days ago the protesters took it over
and have been opening it up to the
public it's obviously quite a huge draw
you've got thousands of cars queueing
the road people basically parking their
car here and walking measure area covers
three hundred and fifty acres of land
cost hundreds of millions of euros to
build has a golf course a spa and even a
private Zoo it's gold leaf gate I mean
there's nothing about this place that's
been done on the cheap it's so massive I
mean even looks kind of like a weird
dictatorship theme park could you tell
us where we are right now
this is his private residence so nobody
was allowed to go in this was a top
secret place how did you guys come to
control magic area when there were main
battles all my done Yanukovych just flee
from Asia give you okay and this to the
guard just flee away you could just walk
straight in exactly
but its own lift system how many floors
is it Alex
five four sighs noise Wow
oh this is the main room Wow
I miss building this kind of takes the
piss really
this is the main office of Yanukovych
okay Wow pretty grand this is a special
connection with all the ministers so he
could call the parliament directly for
the button attack we're done we're
taking my pastors we're losing big time
it's used to be a fan of weapons of any
kind
yeah Mauser bullets magnum bullets
Winchester's he was actually a big
shooting pain so when you guys are
working for 200 euros a month and your
president lives in a place like this how
does that make you feel you saw it
yeah you're a mine done what's gonna
happen to magic area people's
self-defense at some point four dealers
should give me a through the state okay
because it belongs to people and we hope
this will be the first in the world is
Union Museum of corruption
as the protesters explored the grounds
they came across hundreds of folders
floating in the river evidence that
someone working for Yanukovych had tried
and failed to dispose of what turned out
to be some very incriminating documents
we met with Natalie said let's go a
journalist who spent time living in
measured area drying out and
investigating the documents that tied
President Yanukovych to fraud corruption
and possibly even attempted murder okay
it was here
yeah activists were informed that there
are documents just floating in the key
of C this is the artificial reservoir
and so they invited professional divers
it was cold you know and they were
diving in and bringing up old documents
to here but they were originally trying
to burn them they call this house Putin
house because it is said that when he
was visiting Yanukovych he stayed in
this house it's like Putin's pad yeah so
we tried not to sleep in this bed the
document shed light on a complicated
money-laundering scheme that funneled
state funds into Yanukovych's pockets
through a shell company called tantalite
they also showed how he's able to spend
30 million euros and only six light
fittings through bank accounts in his
son's name linked to tanta lead not only
was there evidence of financial crimes
but other documents showed a much darker
side to Yanukovych his reign in December
25th journalist the Challenger on the
wall was hardly beaten she was one of
the main enemies of Yanukovych because
she was investigating magic area so hard
she was even jumping through the fence
before everybody else did that on the
evening of the 25th of December
unidentified men around Chernobyl car
off the road outside of Kia her
attackers then beat her until she was
unrecognizable and left her to die in a
ditch
the freezing and craning winter luckily
she survived and claims she was attacked
for her investigations into the rampant
government corruption so in the notepad
of the head of security service of you
know Kovac it is said that Chernobyl
went to my done then it is said eleven
o'clock in the evening left and turned
to the thrown off so they were tracking
her felon as well they were to tell when
she had a phenomenal
you can track people by phone right and
right after that the time is the same it
says operations started and it's like
cleaning operations acoustica it's
cleaning operation the thing is that
Jordan of all the Gianna was bitten in
these dates in December and the time is
the same in the time when she was chased
by three men and when she was written is
the same like in notes of Yanukovych
head of of security son of a very
paranoid human being imagine he was so
afraid that somebody will take a look
inside Murray area yeah
no we are sitting with you here four
days after revolution an interim
government was formed with the consent
of the protesters composed of opposition
MPs a major protest figures
the protesters victory was barely a week
old but already the country and its new
governments were under threat Russia
responded to the revolution by invading
Ukraine's Crimea Peninsula clearly the
Ukrainian military was not able to stand
up to the Russians so the government
announced the creation of the National
Guard to bolster the under strength
military the National Guard would stand
as a reserve force drawn from ukrainian
civilians many of them protesters who
had fought on the maidan we've managed
to flag our way onto one of the buses
heading to Novi potency which is where
the National Guard training area is
we're with the Lavagirl sotnia with
these guys from western ukraine from the
live hoping that they haven't mistaken
me for a recruit but I guess we'll find
out when we get there
so the slot knees are now moving out
onto the training field there's about
500 people in here now they're gonna get
barracks here on this base for two weeks
and it seems like their arrival the army
have got it like a firework show in form
of artillery for them I guess yeah this
is what they'll be training with over
the next couple of weeks you've got like
a smaller version of the ak-47 pretty
standard around these parts
pistols and shotguns even sniper rifles
a lot of them suit already know how to
take them apart and put them back
together so obviously some of them had
military training before it's very very
different to the shield in a club from
the Maidan this is a real war stuff now
what would you make of all no no ifs the
first time see even these weapons that
was shooting on us and barricades
you never can even imagine the deal
stand in the same base whereas these
people who's trained are you so nervous
about possibly facing Russian aggression
the Russian military all these people
that were standing on a barricade
without a weapon against the government
understands this duty we must be like
100 nobody against Russian if it will be
some world we of course will protect our
country to the death but we understand
that we must stay life and build a new
country these guys a lot of them don't
have military experience and impossibly
they'll be up against the might of the
Russian military machine it looks a bit
desperate but it's all they've got for
now these guys aren't afraid they're
very determined to protect their country
a few days later and a day after Russia
formally annexed the Crimea a tour of
the base had been organized for the
international threat to have a sneak
peek at the National Guard as they
tested out the newly acquired RPG skills
and repair we the the head of the
self-defense groups which these guys
mainly come from he's now the head of
the National Defense Security Council he
was actually the National Guard to join
the National Guard to defend your
country it's clear that the Ukrainian
government needs these guys to help
bolster they're very under strength
military but there could be a downside
to arming and training large groups of
the population because these guys could
come back and haunt them it took four
months and over a hundred deaths but the
euromaidan protesters were finally able
to topple Viktor Yanukovych it's
difficult to imagine that in the 21st
century so many people will be gunned
down with streets of a European city but
those killed would be remembered as
heroes who helped give ordinary
Ukrainians a better chance for the
future
one of the key demands of the revolution
were new presidential elections whoever
wins will have a tough time juggling the
economy the pro-russian rebels in the
east and an empowered population willing
to take back to the streets but they
fail to act against the corruption that
started the revolution that ended
Yanukovych is collective pratik regime
