let's kick it off down there
I'm back in the Donetsk region and the
checkpoint behind me is Ukrainian they
took it over from pro-russia separatists
about a week ago because what they're
trying to do is encircle slavyansk which
is where the pro-russian forces are
concentrated but now that they're here
they're pretty much in enemy territory
and this is turning into something that
looks a lot more like war
this used to be a really busy pit stop
along the road between Harkov and Donets
but now it's almost completely deserted
this market gas station used to be full
of people browse to attend miss American
nobody's taking oh don't bother Kentucky
City Yuka Kinoshita know what kakastico
stony another that's conveyed Alyssa de
forget your sock is about the fear to
drop a cure here what it knots up garage
why did not the door what the rule to
dark are minor losses every bridge got
to keep up okay up with the god
particle there you can you you can meet
you and you can't touch me I could come
home judge got all the job ricotta had a
carapace technicality tough day o top
any weaker than your regular visitor
stubborn bastard rest to receive good
guitar we're not you know syrup coconut
Jack more huh got more though
when debridement lobster se listen up
always dust its Palmerston death onion
Apple machine eaten each story lips to
prom with national address trauma
Molinaro disease I wish no no Gopala Liu
jiren so Doukas your boy boy I bet you
worked on launch above boy capital a
boo-boo-boo-boo pasta a la pate master
this is the second to last checkpoint
before your positions of the pro-russia
separatists begin and it was taken from
them just about a week ago it was around
the time of the referendum it was a
pretty fierce battle here you can see
all the damage this is actually usually
a traffic police station in peacetime
but right now there's fighting going on
here every day pretty much
with Piro Piro de boville pasta de
kinshasa
we win especially when focus on Wistrom
inattentiveness last nom today is nada
no it's not accuse virgin ask for you
mr. Yoo nas patron I can use I will not
show me anything that I'm makin of
Toboso vibranium oil
boys should never mind come on I missed
you
we decided to stay at the checkpoint
until the evening because in the evening
is when the shooting usually happens
these houses over there apparently are
dangerous because there's a lot of
people living there with pro-russian
sentiment who have been harboring some
of the fighters from the pro-russia side
we've already heard some shooting coming
from that direction over there which is
where slaviansk is and we're going to
stay here for a few more hours
see what happens tonight the Ukrainian
forces stationed here check pretty much
every vehicle that comes through they
check documents and they look through
the trunk to try to see if there are
weapons or there are any separatists who
are trying to scope out the situation
further into Ukraine controlled
territory the soldiers have just been
given the order to take their positions
because it sounds like there's some
pretty heavy fighting starting around
the checkpoint a couple kilometers that
way and also from that direction in the
woods Ukraine wants to hold a
presidential election this weekend then
can eastern Ukraine this is what's
happening here it's hard to believe
they're going to be able to pull it off
under these circumstances it's kicking
off down there just as the shooting is
coming in and correct
what fourth big cool commanders a bit of
a hard-ass he made us go down into the
basement
underneath the police station after the
shooting started they've been shooting
for about an hour in the woods around
here and at the other checkpoints now
there's a bit of a lull and so the
soldiers are coming back into the
basement here making themselves coffees
some of them going to bed or change our
shirts and we're allowed to use the
lights now because we were told to
switch off all the lights and be very
very quiet for the last hour or so
let's see a boy to come with a pistol
story vlog annoying there's been gunfire
and exchanges of rocket-propelled
grenades all night our driver got scared
and left so we're stuck out here at
least until morning because there's no
more traffic down the load here so we're
in here
so it's morning already the sun's coming
out
this guy Victor has told us that most of
the National Guardsmen at this
checkpoint here were actually on name ID
on the Square in Kiev where all of the
protesting happened that kicked this
conflict off it's interesting because
they were all peaceful protesters mostly
just about three or four months ago and
now they're all armed to the teeth
more than spicy we show my bomb because
I wish on second chapter today from this
boom our setups Petrozavodsk at over
from the Baba this absolutely I forgot
your C lose you to another Bhavani you
go to some travelers from TG culpable is
good engine that's all for this is
natural gotta take Arkady Roshi
the driving principle put your blog post
on post post a lot of posters I know do
yellow Easton which destiny take that
approach you where they keep us to
sooner proper Dharma study on whether I
need to book our eyes to cocoa butter or
cook with a soy de pacheco brief of the
diagnose no no Saul Guerrero anti-panic
Ian profitably no my down mob when you
get on switch them you should see a
steady signal would you be sure you know
prodigality on and then was elected but
not ocean some Oberon so the sensitivity
fast
have to pay money and dish ' since I'm a
guardian now you keep a little job you
can change by scatology
more I'm sure trouble with the needle
provides in Cheaper I'm jealous because
I wish make it down the Danube record I
was like a shuttle free cuz that summer
was socially crania walk walk walk
we do it the conversion but no letter of
the tram you'll tell check out my other
two push-ups a kippah stood diletto
crane the choice of a degree actually
made a few dollars to build which also
dog position with travel secure village
can a pair emotion thanks to animal
danny Cox time I've introduced a new
state
you see when you miss been annexed
restaurant yeah well she's a vodka every
button on my dime a dozen but not this
idea so these guys are 1st battalion for
the National Guard and they were all
members of the protesters on the Maidan
square and Kiev looks a long way from
Kiev here
