run away to meet the Donbass battalion
the pro-ukrainian group have been
fighting the pro-russian forces in this
region for security reasons though we
can't say where we are bothered of the
things it's in the middle of nowhere so
what kind of operations have your group
taken part in so far mr. genin is a
corner post office every disappearance
the military is this parable and
seriousness music in battle unum Aldo
Sudarsana Spanish king yet Ashutosh turn
our initial disaster passage in yet
yeast city was doctor of keturah hooded
potato green is organelle busy pasty is
our main journalist media yet a
structural fatigue sky stretches pastino
saga so dato simogo pseudo static Veruca
chisca machine an ant ok Michelle
I live in Yosemite because a training
session
pulasa yeah that's just there to be sure
you can see why they picked this spot
it's really really remote it's very far
away from sort of built up pounds or
anyone looking to possibly find out
where these guys are basing themselves
so they've taken us pretty deep into the
woods near their base where they're sort
of doing their firearms training now the
small squad of them and so lying taking
turns lie on the ground firing the
targets behind them these guys been
called the little black men which is a
spin on the little green man that was
the name given to pro-russian forces in
Crimea and as you can see they were wear
black someone they've got the Ukrainian
flag on their arm bands that kind of
gives away their allegiance some of them
have had military training before some
haven't and so those that haven't I
guess they're getting training here at
this base to make sure they're up for
the task in any coming battles they have
to face look how why did you choose to
join the Donbass battalion Crimea pretty
much the easiest simplest and Brattain
than bus at the current problem which is
and what were you doing before you join
the Donbass battalion was one concrete
it's a man could you tell me a bit more
about your organization and what its
objectives are
I should mass battalion was for me Robin
she's not said you know that much it
poor Corzo espana BRC presidenta to
Chino my group I fit set of really
services the white pad opening but tell
you one more sketch power motor skill
much it xerneas kidney postman pasta
facebook here the pathology oh she's so
chill idiot idea why I'm CP times
Varro's I'm sure was not the shortest 2d
ambition led Caterham tetrominoes me
such as Mo's they wrote a chest with a
bow zero said but Maria paalam chest the
neoscope with the chestnut oyster which
should normally CSV Caledonia's Kurobe
last year yes Nick the religious turgi
complicity yes to Dadaji would receive
cateura oh my god Bobby Bo crimes
colorada any Chakrapani mutiny Berber su
su Karenia brevis for Bodie Eber boss
tyranny focus Kolkata at a ludic
rhetoric not the EOB spray deal to
replace hood name established the corner
any funky Brutus my Silvia from the
military
even Colorado
so this is the sort of main building on
the base where they sleep and eat the
guys here have just been given new
patches that sort of say the name of
their a battalion on and they're all
sort of pretty happy with themselves and
comparing the patches and figure out
where they're going to put them
so finally yesterday we were able to
meet the Donbass battalion at their base
they we've got managed to get some
interviews and sort of do some firearms
training today they've invited us on an
operation they haven't told us what that
exactly is yet so we're about to find
out so more and more guys are turning up
more cars for the guys at guns some of
them have got like different assault
rifles guy behind me he's got like an
old what looks like a world war two
rifle so it's a bit ragtag some of us
are different sets of uniforms moment
usually these guys dressed in black but
some of them in camo gear as well but
they were kind of gearing up ready for
this this this operation though though
they've told us it's meant to be a safe
one they're packing a lot of weapons for
what supposed to be a safe operation so
what can you tell me what's gonna go on
in this operation today mr. cappucci
sakuni's vistas I need a feeling it was
memorable twisted mistrustful jiske
she's the busca to the headmistress miss
Virginia come on details of the
operation was still vague as we
approached the town we assumed we were
heading straight to the administration
building but instead the convoy of cars
stopped outside the police station and
the gunmen disembarked and swept into
offensive positions
so that they've got inside the police
station they've got all the police are
inside they've lain down the floor at
gunpoint they're taking all their sort
of identification checking who they are
they're currently trying to find out
where the boss of the Nazi Nazi quad
should be worth he said this she puts
this loose but but with the 64 total
movement of Ukrainian our solution was
pretty American militia critical status
foolish dignity Percy Percy danesco
oversimplified between the press Windows
key black stone with reversible right
evolution its own voodoo delivery
explained yesterday to be bad super
psycho monasteries Das Boot Christ
my surprise especially miss disposal
family registry periodic
yes it was a beautifully shocked more
civilian women in Cuban my dear in their
positions just respond
yeah bitches also put the pretty
statistic would say shots a good Macedo
of the city could be and we got a sister
that usually festival should Lucy Ripley
which other charity can you dress is
also some more chill out just awesome so
a couple of locals angry angry
pro-ukrainian locals came in and
basically almost interrogated the police
screaming at them we're we pay our taxes
why why do you now support the
separatists the Donetsk People's
Republic why don't you defend us they're
now taking two of the police when
they've captured to the administration
but in the local government building to
hoist up the pro Ukrainian flag and take
down the Donetsk People's Republic one
no one was harmed inside we didn't see
any police getting attacked or anything
but uh they had all their documents
looked at their mobile phones taken off
and just so they couldn't communicate
but uh they look pretty pretty
nervous like really scared
this is the local administration
building so the local government council
if you will and the don√≠ts People's
Republic flag is flying next to the
Donbass region flag they intend to take
that one down and put up the Ukrainian
one
so the unrest in this region has been
kind of characterized between local
administration values changing changing
hands between pro-ukrainian forces and
pro-russian forces like there's nothing
really once these guys leave there's
nothing stopping pro-russian locals
people that support the doughnut
people's republic to come back here tear
down the Ukrainian flag and put theirs
up Alex could you tell me what's going
on here exactly let me sweeten bola well
the schnapps Barisan Nasional first in
school minister cool nice to nobuta
dissipation of the SubGenius a lot of
things about chica Mira particular
really special is between bursts open
anybody's which is not really true
I agree Sharon seeming yellow wouldn't
be Steve Williams I kept almost remixes
telling us sir for our security we
should probably leave the area that may
be worried that the pro-russian forces
might turn up now the Ukrainian military
slow and cautious anti-terror operation
has so far failed to dislodge the rebels
from their strongholds in slavyansk and
donetsk with their ability to do what
the Ukrainian military can't the Donbass
battalion and other groups like it could
help turn the tide in Kia's favor or
equally they could destabilize an
already volatile region with the
presidential elections coming up in the
next few days it's likely that Semyon
and his men will be called upon to
further assist the Ukrainian military in
making sure it goes ahead so I guess
we'll find out whether their flexibility
can help or hinder the situation well
growing up with inertia
