I visited the Gulf Coast of Louisiana
where residents are reporting that they
are still suffering from the harmful
effects of oil and dispersants four
years after the Deepwater Horizon spill
this is my debrief
we spent a lot of time on the Gulf with
shrimpers fishermen oystermen and I
guess what struck me was that even
though the FDA says the seafood is fine
the people or some of the people who
catch it wouldn't touch it they won't
eat the shrimp the oysters or the fish
and that to me is quite telling because
these people make their living on the
Gulf and if they're not eating their own
oysters then does that tell you why
doesn't everybody leave I mean I asked
that question to a lot of people I met
down there especially the people who had
sick families the answers were tragic
can't sell my home I have no money all I
know is the Gulf all I know is shrimping
or being an oyster man or what what have
you they just financially can't do it so
they're sort of stuck in this toxic
morass and they have no way to get out
and you know that was one of the real
tragedies of doing this story
the most surprising thing I think about
this story for me is that in Louisiana
everyone knows somebody that's sick or
has someone in their family who's sick
or they all know the story they know
everything about what was sprayed they
know corrects it they know corrects it
and oil is 52 times more toxic everyone
knows the story yet when you leave that
area in New York or in Los Angeles
people don't know and I find that to be
I don't know why that's true you know
when I talk to the senator he said look
I went to the president I went to the
Senate I went to the Congress and said
we should not be using Kerr exit and
nothing was done and he hinted that you
know there was the oil lobby pays off a
lot of money I don't know what's
happened to this story in other
platforms or newspapers or TV shows but
this is one of the biggest stories in
America and nobody's telling it and I
don't know why
I guess the interview I would have
really liked to have gotten for this
piece would have been with Lisa Jackson
the former head of the EPA who said that
the toughest decision that she had to
make was actually using corrects and as
a dis person right at the wellhead I
would have liked to talk to her about
that or the current head of the EPA to
ask her okay we now know the corrects it
is toxic the government knows it there's
been recommendations why hasn't the EPA
done something to make this illegal
I guess the biggest takeaway from this
for me was that after the oil spill the
government did have a bipartisan
Commission to look into this exact
problem and they made a number of
recommendations on what to do and not
one of them were adopted because the
government doesn't work so the next time
there's a huge oil spill which there
will be corrects it will be used again
