we're a horse farm just into the polygon
right now the guy who's gonna take us to
the atomic lake in the crater of a
nuclear bomb explosion is about to
slaughter a sheep for us I think you
know cause often salt to ensure a kill
you and will not coming it was really
mostly busted in a lock
my radically usually put unique
Mukhopadhyay demo is scared as radiation
here wait yet muslem Universiade arabic
hadiya PF illusion of our new TARDIS
fresh ways as cuda mishka's Astana
oculus Kazakhstan see politician indica
bananas tax met reliever some missile
was it yes Joseph it is honorable
leepu's kalina's leisure splish car
spicy on this passage toy bar Ana robot
a robot a letter secretly that little
outcropping is the crater in which
atomic crater lake is is situated it's
kind of like anything you could ever
hope an atomic crater would look like
it's awesome and awesome in the like
horrible sense
so I'm changing out of boat shoes into
hiking boots because radiation stores
itself mostly in the soil other
prophylactic measures we're taking our
vitamins Geiger counter so we know if
we're getting into a danger zone this
stuff I can't pronounce which is
apparently antler blood they squeeze out
that's just good for your entire body so
it has to be good against radiation and
then the the key preventive measure that
are the traditional one is a vodka which
the guys chernobyl drank the smart
doctor is a terashima Nagasaki drank and
thinking being that it uh thins the
blood and gives it less platelets
basically to infect with radiation
Oh
at pre-service comes I Yusuf slowly Tony
what Maliki did the judges Ryuta Zurich
upon yet Oh Frank Sherwood Mahajan
Berlin even boy-toy : not - prick button
cutter Roz Volvo sales come save you see
I was worried you were so we just
crossed like a 20 meter bridge now the
needle is going past 3000 4000 work four
times what we were back in town
and I just hit five that's amazing yeah
careful indeed help me Jesus crappy john
woo flock of doves just came out of
there so the bomb that made the chicken
crater
um it's actually in the later part of
the testing is in the early sixties and
they've switched from testing them as
weapons to kind of use them as giant
earthmovers us did this to in Nevada
area and this was actually the point of
setting off the nukes at that point was
to make lakes and things like that and
canals things kind of shows you the sort
of desperation of the nuclear programs
to cling to relevance as people got
increasingly freaked out by them
oh my god that's creepy but I'm a goes
all business Shilla huh I'll finish
Laughlin humble young Martha
is that horseshit low shot going so we
just looked down at the Geiger counter
and realized the needle was all the way
to the right so I set it to a 100 times
the power it's still spiking something
awful so the further down we go the
higher this needles going we're already
ten times what we were at the horse is
just being at the lip of that crater and
now in the course of like 20 steps we've
tripled that so this is it this is where
a nuclear bomb went off and is now awake
that schmuck such as us can ask a farmer
to come take us to their 1.6 million
Kazakhs living here other Soviet terms
1.6 million you know come Shepard's and
go people who don't necessarily have to
be told about the testing or evacuated
or given problem medical care after the
fact a lasting impact is just pick holes
like this or a weird polluted polygon
it's a permanent modification of the
human genome
