it's Friday you may 16 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Afghans
will have to wait a little longer for a
new president after election results
failed to produce a clear winner voters
returned to the polls in a month to
choose between former opposition leader
Abdullah Abdullah and former World Bank
economist Ashraf Ghani both contenders
say they're willing to allow some US
troops to stay beyond their planned
end-of-the-year withdrawal to train and
support Afghan troops and both say
they're open to peace talks with the
Taliban which is called President Hamid
Karzai's government a puppet of the west
and refused to deal with it at least 12
people were killed when a Bangladeshi
river ferry overturned in a store near
the capital Dhaka about 40 of the 200
passengers on board were able to swim to
safety despite high waves and strong
currents a rescue team didn't arrive at
the scene for three hours Bangladesh has
a history of ferry disasters because of
overcrowding and for safety standards I
was doing my job as a reporter and
despite the authorities knowing this I
have been detained for 262 266 days
without any chance and without
committing a crime a hunger striking al
Jazeera journalists imprisoned in Egypt
since last August has broken his silence
the media hasn't been granted access to
abdullah al shami but reports from his
lawyer and family have shed light on the
26 year olds deteriorating health
Egyptian authorities have yet to charge
the 26 year old with any crime his
family says he was abruptly transferred
last week and is now in solitary
confinement at kairos maximum security
Tora prison meanwhile the latest hearing
in the trial of three other al Jazeera
journalists has been postponed another
week they're accused of conspiring with
the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood and have
been in Egyptian detention since late
December Qatar is promising to change
its labor laws after substantial
international criticism over its
treatment of foreign workers the
government says it will do away with the
current system which allows sponsoring
companies
to prevent workers from switching jobs
during their residency another proposal
would find sponsors for holding on to
workers passports barring them from
leaving the country officials didn't say
when the changes would go into effect
cutters victorious bid to host the 2022
World Cup turn the spotlight on the
country's 1.4 million foreign
construction and service workers human
rights watch dogs have likened
conditions to forced labor and human
trafficking and they say the new changes
don't do enough to address systemic
abuse check out the vice news youtube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world so
how was your first went out on the
streets like 88 years old so how you get
into that just always suddenly right at
the school mm-hmm all making like 500
400 day I mama when I'm on the seat see
using the hospital what you do with the
money yes we spend like full clothes
