after more than five months of
anti-government protests demanding food
enough former Prime Minister Yingluck
Shinawatra stepped down the protesters
which came through
Yingluck was ousted by the
Constitutional Court for abuse of power
a new caretaker Prime Minister from
English Court I party was appointed to
replace her but rather than calming
young rascal
this gave new wing to the
anti-government protests led by sit at
Fox attack was quick turn out that the
anti-government protesters the PDRC
won't stop fighting until Yingluck's
entire cabinet steps down the PDRC are
accused of being undemocratic because of
their election sabotage and schemed to
appoint an unelected committee despite
the fact that the vast majority of Thais
voted for the government that they are
trying to oust
so miss our boy hey fatty creamy octopod
yummy for beta pour that are done by the
help setup also threatened the unless
the courts the Election Commission and
the Senate did not nominate an interim
government and a new prime minister
within a day the PDR seat would take
matters into their own house the
anti-government PDRC were ballsy enough
to relocate their headquarters to the
official government house a move that
has enraged the pro-government redshirts
no matter how much you want to say
democracy for the entire country there
are people that are going to be
sympathetic to the PDRC here that's why
they haven't been arrested that's why
they haven't been taken to jail that's
why people gave them the keys to the
government house so they can use it for
their press conferences
you would think the Thai authorities
would take the PDR seize threat with a
pinch of salt surprisingly setup was
invited to Parliament on Monday to speak
to the Senate which shows how much
support the PDRC has within the
political power ha ha ha the
significance of Yingluck's overthrow in
the long run doesn't actually matter
that much if nothing happens
extra judicially or even traditionally
after this point however if you know
like its overthrown and the rest of the
cabinet somehow get taken out or they
resign that's gonna lead to some serious
confrontation the worst part about all
of this is that it wasn't that much of
an abuse of power or negligence or
whatever the charges were against her it
just seems that the apparatus behind the
anti-government protesters and the the
powers vested within the system seem to
be willing to do anything within their
reach to get rid of this government and
that just sets a really bad precedent
for the future
