so today is voting day for the doníts
People's Republic referendum either
becoming an independent state or staying
as part of Ukraine so there are voting
stations all over the city
we're here at the administration
building where there's some booths so
we're gonna go and check those out so
this this vote has been branded illegal
by the Ukrainian government and its
Western Allies there's no independent
observers monitoring this referendum and
yesterday a hundred thousand already
ticked yes voted ballots were discovered
by the ukrainian security services so
many people here expect this to be a bit
of a foregone conclusion in terms of the
result OSCE and no independent monitors
are here to monitor this election
instead the Donetsk People's Republic
for chosen group of ladies so here
monitoring this polling booth not sure
how effective that'll be from the looks
of it most of the votes that have been
cast here today at least are of
resounding yes
svetlana can you tell me why you're
coming down here to vote today yes would
new Gura give any espionage is a
personal mobility new chess but
regardless of what it is people across
the Denis Belliveau do dispute
we loser who skier with precipitation
sperm with protein mimic reduce by even
lucrative Astana stenographer to that
Naga ostrich - idea proto-fascist Oh Nos
this will be wild muna little EMU
post-war Germany monstrous with refuting
dissolution neuchâtel Ukranian /
austerity in with Javanese so have the
national school as we were interviewing
Svetlana three masked men with assault
rifles grabbed us forced us into the
occupied administration building and
demand our memory cards so we were
filming outside the polling station in
front of administration building and
somebody clearly wasn't very happy with
us doing that and we were all three of
us grabbed these were men with weapons
who were taken as balaclavas wearing
balaclavas and they had assault rifles
with them they'd present proceeded to
sort of ask who we were who we were
working for what our objectives were the
guys that I can make this very difficult
for you or I can make this very easy for
you
our bags were searched our phones were
taken office so we couldn't communicate
so that what there's one man it asked
his questions and two people sat
opposite him our answers would be
relayed back to the interrogator and
then he would ask them for an opinion on
what they thought about our answers
whether we were being genuine or not
sort of like a strange lie-detector test
and then for some reason this man
decided to give us a sort of history
lesson on how terrible the British
Empire was the atrocities that the
British Empire's committed he wanted to
know what our feelings were on Mariupol
and Odessa and finally we were basically
he'd finished with his history lesson
and we were free to go they gave back on
passports pressed accreditation and our
mobile phones
and then led out the building and that
was it it was just a lot of reiterating
then we have to tell the truth
we're not gonna let our detention put us
off so we're here at school number nine
and near the center of the city to try
and speak to some more voters so Yuri
can you tell me how many people have
voted here today genican everybody
videos to Google miss Barrett luminosity
watching mobile LED tube assist decision
of gravitas critical terrorism issue
progressive pneumonia not osto neatly
dissolution net this valiant needs of
tomorrow me as if sheer morning mr.
Rosen illusion Yuri he was monitoring
the selection to make sure it's free and
fair it's not Natalie Nam milk to a
new priest all is Vinny witl
prophetically Tolkien ret live Daniels
Carissa vigil I never lost a phenomenal
Sevilla Stacy securities revelatory
presume of a tempest pasta pasta three
gentian equatorial rocket we buried me
difference if you can see immediately
acted blows atomic Russia
Mochis inconveniences to acids and they
were last year
now Micah when it was like there's a
serious most inform us Ukraine Scania
Bala eight of Djibouti
in a sleevee Shikata Ricardo it taboo
yet nauseous Thomas said mr. Darcy and I
let ability shots and our shooter most
of the tissue Woodcock with a what do
you think will happen if the Ukrainian
government refuses to acknowledge the
results of the referendum
I don't know are you worried that the
Ukrainian government right - right
videos over here even with ocean savonia
new geology you see no permissions
Bharati live chicken in october oh dalsu
see preservative solenoids which the
effective stupid grants capri very
latest on us officially
so it's a day after the referendum and
we're outside the occupied
administration building again there's a
press conference about to start
maybe we'll get some sort of explanation
of this conference we need Senora Maria
Rosa who are the winners the VST police
at three apiece in shape with some
subsidiary nadya lesha's Vinnitsa Nevada
referendum or OSA the Vista PD substrate
TCH
so actually a fluid force an economy
just cover sector of fugitive would
probably move to just
- Lukas let's keep sleepers feeling a
Europe tour
he deals to anybody on this new
prosperous future that would mean is
voltage Napoleon Capone it will prove
chested a strange ago a straining mmm
video Francisco Peter Ochs the Chile
project stated we seen a compressed and
some a list of the Torah woody woody
about theoretical resistance under 40
verses to Kramer's to Pericles new we
work not any GLL theater the Pacific
Ocean firmly supportive shield number of
linear scale in latex internet Resnick a
media with Darla bomb was morning he
might have series of sure there was a
Kijiji would would avoid chest process
occurs it was responsible for Padma
whiskers this one with two stones him
back
so the press conference was pretty short
pretty chaotic a lot of journalists were
here and some supporters of the People's
Republic as well some harmed Denis
pushing in an MP for the temporary
dönitz People's Republic government was
speaking claims that it was a resounding
yes result in the referendum
he gave the Ukrainian army now
ultimately to leave or join the donuts
People's Republic military one
interesting comment by Bruce Shannon was
that yesterday the media were very well
protected and they were looked after and
they were allowed to film everything
which was obviously a very contradictory
to our personal experience where we were
detained for three hours for filming
outside a polling booth
Kushina was also talking about how now
that now that they are and if they have
control over their own future that the
Donetsk region will be a more prosperous
place and they will consult their
experts on how best to form a new
government and rule over this region
I guess though over the next couple of
days we'll actually see how that works
and comes into place
