things got heated again in Thailand this
week when caretaker Prime Minister
Yingluck Shinawatra nine of her
ministers were forced to step down from
power
the Constitutional Court ruled that
young Locke had abused her position for
political gain
when ordering the transfer of a civil
servant almost three years ago and
thereby violated the Constitution
Yingluck is the sister of the exiled
former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra
who was himself al stood eight years ago
by a military coup this time instead of
tanks and guns
it was judges who delivered the lethal
blow while most of young Locke's cabinet
remains in place and will continue to
push for new elections many Thais see
the ruling as a political maneuver by
government opponents some even call it a
judicial coup
executed by a court has now ousted three
pro Shinawatra prime ministers in the
last six years
after being removed from power Yingluck
spoke to the press
Oh
not exactly
young luxe core supporters the red
shirts were waiting outside for their
beloved former prime minister to show
their deep disappointment
ha ha
the ruling is considered a major victory
for the anti-government movement there
has been protesting on the streets of
Bangkok for over five months in an
attempt to oust in luck and installed an
unelected People's Committee Lauren
Lauren my China
Caban eco by woman card below murica
till although the midfielder Cappadocia
monkey will let up be on site here so we
were happy or the main spokesperson of
the anti-government protests claims he
wants to install a government of the
people
but his protest movement is responsible
for sabotaging recent attempts to hold
elections some fear the court ruling
will create a political vacuum it has
weakened the government in blue Cydia
position further fueling fear Thailand's
already violent political crisis is set
to deepen
