it's Wednesday May seventh and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
Ukrainian officials say troops from
Russia and Crimea join the hundreds of
separatists fighting government soldiers
in the agency the chief of the state
security service reported government
soldiers had killed more than 30
separatists in the latest military
operations attempting to force
pro-russia rebels out the fighting
started after rebels ambushed Ukrainian
forces near the city of slaviansk four
soldiers were killed and several were
injured the military has boosted
security in and around cities taken by
separatists and is conducting exercises
regularly as a show of preparedness for
a possible Russian invasion who did what
to build it the man widely expected to
be elected Egypt's next president has
been forthcoming about what he thinks
the future holds for the people he
removed from power last year in his
first national television interview
since announcing his candidacy former
army chief abdel-fattah has c.c. said if
he is elected the Egyptian people would
quote put an end to the Muslim
Brotherhood after heading a coup that
deposed president Mohamed Morsi last
summer Cece launched a crackdown on the
Brotherhood arresting many of its
leaders the military forcibly cleared
Siddons staged by the group in August
killing hundreds of people Egypt's
government has more recently banned the
Muslim Brotherhood's activities and
sentenced hundreds of its supporters to
death
Iran's Revolutionary Guard says it's
been building and then blowing up
replicas of US warships for years and it
says they can be destroyed in under a
minute a top official told a state media
agency sinking American ships is a
priority for his forces which are based
in and around the Persian Gulf the
message delivered by the guards naval
chief provides a glimpse of how some in
the Iranian power structure communicate
their positions with the public and with
foreign governments it's a sharp
contrast to the more moderate tone
president rouhani has taken with the
West American military officials say
they aren't concerned French forces in
the Central African Republic are
fighting an armed group fought to be
responsible for a deadly attack on
international medical workers and
civilians the French military has
released video of the battle with 40
armed gunmen in the region of boogie lo
former Celica rebels killed more than a
dozen locals and Doctors Without Borders
staff meeting at a hospital there last
month forcing the organization to
suspend its operations check out the
vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world
there with a couple of thousand
pro-russian protesters internets on
Thursday they took the prosecutor's
office and they looted a lot police
equipment shields helmets body armor and
now you can see they look a lot
different they're armed themselves with
the stuff they stole here today and they
look a bit more organized there's a lot
more orders being shouted around even
seen a couple of guns
I union under your roof the protesters
seem to be wanted to chase someone they
found a guy beat the absolute share
other than his bleeding all over his
face and they think he's a douche key at
provocator but to be honest it could
just be anyone they didn't like him and
so he paid the price for that
