cool oh my omona vehicie Runa Soraka
movie sir we're a hospital in the
capital of Yemen right next to the
minister's defense by al-qaeda launched
a huge attack actually Wednesday attack
is he wrong
I killed civilians she's not something
al-qaeda in Yemen had done before the
barely reported attack in the capital
city of Yemen was typical of al-qaeda's
current tactics just like the attacks on
the Taj Hotel in Mumbai and the Westgate
Mall in Nairobi a handful of gunmen
heavily armed and willing to die wrought
havoc for almost two days but in Yemen
the tactic badly backfired to the main
gate where it started they came on food
first of all they attacked the military
police who were here they were able to
kill five immediately because they came
in military uniforms so they were really
surprised when these people started
shooting at them and three of them were
killed here from the attackers three of
the attackers were killed yes but given
what you know now you don't think the
hospital was the target it was the
Ministry of Defence first assumption
everybody would think is the Ministry
but they did not go inside the ministry
although they could the horror which
they did in the hospital makes me really
believe the hospital was the target
dressed as government soldiers the
attackers walked around the hospital
casually killing at least fifty two
innocent staff and patients and
everybody knows that's a hospital come
on they sold doctors and nurses in
whites and they saw patients and they
were killing everybody inside it any
door which was open they went in and
shot people these are the guys who were
here so these are the soldiers that were
killed killed here if you kill the
people here you have control of the
gates once they're killed the security
guards at the gate the attackers drove a
huge truck bomb into the compound which
housed the Ministry of Defense but all
the hospital this armored vehicle was
stationed here that's a pretty powerful
vehicle I'm that day this vehicle did
not start but something maybe I'm not
supposed to say but I'll say it anyway
if they started every day and they make
a turn with it right now just to make
sure I didn't stop you what do you think
that's suspicious I I don't know
so once you've driven in through this
gate the only way to go straight towards
the hospital yes and the back of it was
full with TNT or whatever yeah because
the car you can see it on the camera
footage the car was really heavy and it
was really down it stopped for like less
than a second not even a second it
exploded
all this went down all the whole roof
went down this is now reconstructed
already we were hearing it might call it
in same room with hiking beside the
scene but really we don't know what
going on when we go out everything was
in and fire everything destroyed
horrible yeah if there was a big hole
there you see where the area turns black
it was like a meter and half deep our
two meters and the width was the whole
area but create a crater in this there's
a big block yes it was one driver one
driver parts of the brain of this
terrorist were on the roof of this
building half of his brain and his ears
were found clear and he was inside this
car no no this is his this is his car so
that was just completely blown to bits
one-fourth of this car flew over this
building yeah to the other side about
150 meters there is still a foot there
what's this there
what's the foot
and usually after an attack al-qaeda
would put out a statement claiming
responsibility but this attack was
different they made a statement later on
which they said they take responsibility
that they are sorry there was a big
mistake that one of their guys like went
loose a llama in neighbour alaikum in
Solana ahuna LM not Muhammad Ali well
I'm not bad I'm Malcolm maybe well I
said Anna what a man
she's very strange for al-qaeda to
apologize that's the first time I think
maybe because of the horrific images the
Yemeni public some of them maybe were
having some sympathy for their cause
they lost it and you think they would
have apologized if they wouldn't have
been the CCTV footage I was against
showing that footage at that night the
the relative should have given time to
come to peace with what happened but it
did force it did it did help a lot
physically I don't eat as I used to do I
don't sleep as I used to do I don't want
to come to work but I do come to work I
feel regret for the people most of the
staff here I would say 60 or 70 percent
I chose them personally and I feel sorry
that maybe it was a mistake that I chose
them if I didn't chose them maybe they
will be alive today
really there was a nice teamwork here
it's like a family thing it was good
we heard some fire outside in the gate
and then suddenly one soldiers came from
us he received one gunshot from abdomen
we put him in the bed after we put him
in the bed it suddenly explode we become
drunk from the ground I saw one guy
wearing a uniform of the soldiers when I
asked him to for help
he suddenly aimed again to us and start
one fire it's the bomb yeah and it's the
bathroom I am here and the shot came
from here and then the three females run
inside and I go from here and they all
survived but no I just scroll and I put
myself inside from this table and he's
standing just two or three guys right
from here just to search me where I run
and then I think he didn't saw me from
the tables so that he come back from the
bathroom and you knew your friends were
inside the bathroom yeah and he woke him
and he walked inside and start to fire
and that I shout for limits I said oh my
god one of the attackers who came in
here he tried to go in to the operation
theatre through this door
he found a locked door and two doctors
opened this door they wanted to know
what's going on here and he saw them so
he shot one of them killed him and
followed the other inside and inside the
operation theater he killed another six
dr. Jamila was here telling him I'm a
surgeon
what are you guys doing and he just
called me just shot at her with his
machine gun and he killed for in this
room it's a bit dark I'm sorry
you can still some some some of the
stains of blood you can still see it but
there is no light yeah they were stuck
here and one of the guys who were
talking to you downstairs he hid here
with another nurse who they already left
the Philippines the guy we spoke to
downstairs twice he was a few feet away
from the attack can he survive that yeah
he is very lucky
yeah yeah extremely lucky if that day is
your day you will die I decided to stay
just because of my family but my wife
and my child D just before history it is
legal to Philippines so you decided to
stay just so you can keep honoring
yourself yes just to form your family
this is what I can say and how has this
affected you personally every day I'm
just wandering looking for them I hope
that they will come back but you mean
you help your colleagues who were killed
Yan come back so he is still difficult
to accept it yeah it really happened
every day I'm just going to my village
still looking in their faces
imaginations
I was here and the patient was here
sorrow from German and his girlfriend's
had they started the shooting outside
the hospital start our windows come
broken in one second I told them come
with us it's control because I know that
Rome it's more protect there has been a
problem with al-qaeda in Yemen for some
time but did you ever think it could
could affect you while you're at work
you cannot understand why this hospital
we treated all people retreated soldiers
retreated everywhere even from al-qaeda
when they have a one patient will treat
him we are a doctors yeah uniquely they
apologized afterwards at sell blood oh
sorry
you killed 57 pupil and you destroy the
life a lot of our familial it's not easy
to see the I am sorry I will give you
money or something else I can be lost in
my life and I have some patient till now
they are really in shock and do you
think it's possible to fully recover
I mean as berserk yeah I will cover it I
think we are I'm a doctor I go and I do
what I have to do because you are able
to save some patients that I would
suggest my they are my patient and I
have to save them I thought about them
more than me
so although this was a horrific attack
I'm walking past the Bombers severed
child foot as I say this there's some
hope that it could be a turning point
because up until this day al-qaeda had
made a policy not to attack civilians in
Yemen the fact they did so
indiscriminately meant even their
supporters turned against them so this
could be the first attack of its kind
here but maybe it could also be the last
you
