it's Wednesday April thirtieth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines it's no run-of-the-mill ballot
Iraq is holding its first national
elections since US forces withdrew in
2011 Prime Minister Nouri al-maliki is
looking to cling to power and his run
for a third consecutive term no party is
expected to win the majority even though
Maliki's Islamic call party has been
considered the front-runner the
government's most formidable challengers
come from rival Shia factions they've
accused Malky of stoking sectarian
tensions and allowing corruption and
nepotism to become the norm security was
ramped up ahead of the vote but it
didn't stop bombings and other attacks
which have killed dozens over the last
several days the violence has many
worried that candidates voters an
electoral staff alike could also be
targeted separatists have taken over a
few more government buildings in eastern
Ukraine hundreds of pro-russia activists
were seen breaking their way into the
provincial government headquarters in
Luann's with no response from local
police witnesses say men burned
Ukrainian flags while others raised
Russian ones over the building up next
were the prosecutor's office and police
headquarters where men reportedly fired
automatic rifles to gain access before
they demanded police surrender their
weapons the advances marked significant
gains for the pro-kremlin activists and
highlight the government's diminishing
ability to isolate them security forces
in tribal regions of Pakistan are
destroying farmland used to cultivate
poppy crops it's part of an anti poppy
campaign in a region near the country's
lawless border with Afghanistan the men
are combing over hundreds of acres
plucking plants bearing pink and white
flowers officials say despite a number
of military operations successfully
clearing the crops has been impossible
over the last few years because of
Taliban presence in the region it's also
proving difficult to persuade farmers to
grow anything else on the land because
of how lucrative the poppy yield is
heroines popularity in Pakistan can be
measured in numbers where there's
estimated to be half a million addicts
and while users there typically smoke
the drugs authority
are worried more are turning to
injecting it increasing the risk of
diseases like HIV and hepatitis today
we're taking the mother the White House
is asking America's colleges to do more
about sexual assault a report was
released this week by this special task
force formed by President Obama in
reaction to the alarming sexist all
allegations at some of the country's
most prestigious universities some of
the recommendations urge universities to
adopt better anti assault policies and
keep reports of alleged assaults
confidential the government is also
launching a website it hopes will be a
tool of support for campus sex assault
victims not alone gov will also gauge
student opinion unrelated issues across
schools nationwide a PSA called one is
too many released alongside the report
and features male celebrities as well as
vice president joe biden and the
President himself it's up to all of us
to put an end to sexual assault and that
starts with you check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
recording and documentaries from around
the world the first time I said
disliking my mom the first time she put
me in the hospital it's getting her
engaged in some positive activities so
she'll stay away from the negativity I
don't plan to run with it just happens
I'll be with a meal or a female does
just play just sleep over and I'll be
okay that's it crystal this is your mom
if you get this message at least text me
let me know you're okay bye my name is
Austin Bartolo and I'm 12 years old I
was born with hemophilia and senior man
McCune the new name for me they made up
which I don't care is so face
