it's Friday April 25th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Russian
President Vladimir Putin has called the
internet a CIA project that Moscow must
fight to resist American influence the
Russian leader delivered the assessment
to a forums local and regional media in
st. Petersburg who's the putin also
commented on russia's largest search
engine Yandex sending the company's
shares down a few points analysts
speculate the Kremlin is keen to gain a
tighter grip on the internet as its
opposition has used it to mobilize and
share information only last week
parliament passed a law requiring social
media sites to keep their servers inside
the country fighting across Syria shows
no sign of relenting rebels from the
audition brigade have uploaded a video
which appears to show their latest
operation on Aleppo a huge blast forced
plumes of smoke into the air as they
attack the cement factory they say
government forces used to store weapons
elsewhere in the country's largest city
this video claims to show the
devastation at a marketplace hit by a
government airstrike people nearby
rushed to the scene and are seen
searching the rubble and walking among
dead bodies it's estimated that up to 20
hundred fighters navigating Syria's
ever-changing front lines are European
or Western including 400 British
nationals London police are resorting to
some unconventional measures to
discourage Brits from joining the fight
and what they're worried about even more
than that are those that may return home
from Syria to commit acts of terrorism
authorities are reaching out to Muslim
women mothers wives and sisters to ask
that they inform law enforcement if
their relatives planned to travel to
Syria to fight a few dozen people have
already been arrested in Britain this
year on suspicion of doing some a police
official answering questions about the
campaign claimed it didn't intend on
criminalizing people but that it was
quote about preventing tragic
the Ebola virus outbreak that has
paralyzed the part of West Africa is
unprecedented that's how Doctors Without
Borders described the size of the
outbreak which is so far killed more
than 140 people in Guinea and Liberia
while the incidents of new infections
has slowed doctors in both countries
have no experience with the virus since
it's usually found in the central or
eastern part of the continent Ebola
shuts down the immune system causing
fever headache muscle pain and bleeding
it's known to kill up to ninety percent
of those infected check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
we rinse lavance because there have been
reports of a shootout on the outskirts
of town today we don't know exactly what
happened but we're here to find that out
because if this is true then it means
that things have escalated again over
the weekend when it was supposed to be a
truce looks like that truce isn't
happening
