turn it off come on turn that off and
stop singing like you're all ghetto fine
be my radio long just a milking on the
off button she's unbelievable sometime
the first time I said disliking my mom
was the first time she put me in the
hospital I thought it disliking her when
I was 8 years old that's it I have no
respect for you I have nothing for you
why don't I love you but I don't love
you like if you were my mom you are my
mom but I don't love you like that
you knew ain't nothing to me I mean if
something happens you Alma cracked but
after a while I'm gonna get over and I'm
gonna forget you just like that Wow
crystal crystal crystal I'm really upset
at crystal she knows the rules and she
has broken my rules to me this is the
ghetto
there's a little bit worse neighborhoods
but this is Puerto Rican ghetto gangs
over there gangs on the other side gains
going north west east south worse around
the world right in the middle we're in
the heart of it all I've had to go out
in the streets with my other daughters
looking for crystal I would not want a
police officer to come knocking on my
door telling me we need you to come and
identify this body that's my biggest
concern with crystal okay they're using
the word grievance does anybody know
what the word grievance means because
that's a big word
grievant when you have a grievance what
does that mean I'll put it in your terms
for me go ahead son think about it
skills for handling agreements I don't
plan to run with it just happens I'll be
with a male or a female
and I'll be nine o'clock like 9:30 I
have to be home by 10:00 and don't just
play just sleep over and I'll be okay
that's it and when I sleep around I'm
not going back home so then I don't go
back home and I just stay out until I
get called crystal this is your mom if
you get this message
at least text me let me know you're okay
and bye
if I look at my call log I've been
calling her since 8:45 this morning she
said I'm just gonna go hang out with my
friend and then later I'll be back for
report card pickup no crystal
Damaris come on we have to go to Crystal
school get her report card we're not
gonna wait for crystal doesn't help here
we are a minor fear they're gonna look
at me like you oh here comes crystals
mother I'm always worried of what do
they think of me due to Crystal's
behavior I worry that people feel that
what is her mother not doing that this
child behaves in this manner and that's
sad because the first thing that people
look at is what type of mother does this
child have that she can't even control
her own daughter I want you to listen to
me you're being disobedient do you want
to be in this school do you want to come
to this school I don't think you want to
come to the school look you have to see
him every morning - fine yeah she can be
very defiant she could be very defiant
this is homework like I said she misses
my test so that my grave was as low as
it wasn't signing and she tells me she
was doing so well that's too much we
don't have the greatest reporter okay
that's the biggest I could tell you
about Kristin so
just look at this you really get to see
what goes on on a bus
no no no no the mirrors sit over there
why when mommy watches this look at your
sister
this is not thinking she's talking with
a lot of anger issues she acts like this
all the time and all these kids are
angry look at that this is every single
kid there their mouth is filthy this is
terrible when she gets frustrated with
the teacher or mad about something she
will have a tendency to walk out crystal
is someone who needs some outside
activities so whatever type of outside
activities that you can get her engaged
in I took her to the YMCA and she
refused to let me sign her up but it's
getting her engaged in some positive
activities so she'll stay away from the
negativity all right yeah there's even a
transition to a regular school and not
really you don't see that okay come on
the merits you're misbehaving you're
giving me a hard time let's go step back
there crystal has not attempted at all
to text or call me where is crystal what
is she doing who is she with this is
where I feel I have no control over my
child
and it's not a very good feeling
my name is Agustin Bartolo and I'm 12
years old I was born with hemophilia and
syndrome and mccune the new name for me
they made up which I don't care
it's to face I'm gonna be at the
hospital almost every day and when kids
mess with me
I didn't scold my angry I don't think
about my action just lets go off like a
monster
so this is the MRI of your brain right
here and you can see the higher areas of
the brain right here all this that you
can see here the white part that's bone
which is overgrown okay actually the
right eye is moved forward so the number
one risk is losing vision during the
surgery from that right eye there could
be a damage to the carotid artery and as
a result he can have a stroke he can
have massive bleeding during the surgery
if we don't do it it can just get worse
and called blindness and he might have
to later on have the left side operated
on as well I'm also scared of like the
risk of you passing away during the
surgery is much much less okay it's a
definitely a serious surgery think it
over
there's a lot to consider okay all right
thank you guys it's scary but you gotta
be brave just by me enough yes what are
some of the things that concerned you
that he said 9
and gotta be Mr Mac and milady
now seeing what science and B and it
took me like like two weeks I mean maybe
we were five because see that sky I see
the skyline look beautiful when it was
my first day here I was scared cuz I
heard that the school was like oh bad
boy school but now Desco has helped me a
lot with my anger issues now that I know
how to ignore people when they talk
about me I just let their go this is my
daughter she's been missing for a week
if you see her could you please call
that number and have you seen her no all
my life I want to be a game chief once I
get to the top my friend started dying
around me the same place y'all Eddie
if y'all don't take control of y'all
sales man
