Oh
at first I thought hey it's just the
king but it got so many chances several
times to see him walking by
it was started to say long live the king
long live the king long loud and a
louder louder no one forced him to do
that I couldn't even say that word
because I've got tears falling from my
eyes
he didn't even speak to me as you know
what happened I quite even harder I love
talking I love to manake and I want to
protect them it's not just about the PBR
see it is about uprising for Thai people
they come and fight to protect that King
for the past decade the political
landscape of Thailand has been darkened
by violence and political uncertainty
historically Thailand has long been
dominated from Bangkok by a Royalist
elite that allies itself with the most
potent symbol of Thai unity King boom
upon a dunya dead
he is the longest ruling monarch in the
world and many people worship Him as a
god this royalist elite has long assumed
unquestioned support and loyalty from
the people but that's changing a
Royalist backed military coup in 2006
that outed former prime minister Thaksin
Shinawatra own Thailand's old
establishment in crisis like never
before
the turmoil comes at a time of great
uncertainty over the Kings successor the
crown prince who can never rival the
popularity of his demigod father and
Bangkok's elite is being challenged by a
growing middle class and a more
politically savvy rural population but
rather than give up power
Bangkok's Royalists are digging in many
think that Thailand is entering a more
widespread civil war as pro monarchy
yellow shirts and pro-government red
shirts have taken to the streets in
violent demonstrations both fighting for
power and uncharted political future
we're on our way to meet one of the
leaders of the people's democratic
reform committee or PDRC
the Royalists who are leading the
anti-government demonstrations here in
Bangkok the PDRC claimed that the
millionaire business tycoon and former
prime minister Texan continues to
control the government from exile with
bribes and corruption and that Thailand
needs reform before democracy we caught
up with one of the young PDRC Royalists
leaders net who was taking a break from
the demonstrations and heading to a
shopping mall to get a tattoo so this is
uh is what your third tattoo my fourth
fourth yeah actually fifth I had
something else the end and um I am a
tattoo across over would you say your
parents approve of you I don't rate
obviously no parents would have approved
for their child especially you know if
there are 22 years old to be to become
you know purchased leader so in a way we
support the movement as a family but I
don't think that ever planned for me
that get so involved so what does it say
well entire says Sukup I yeah they toy
so it means keep going never back out
and that was the motto for for the PDRC
for for the protest that is the son of a
wealthy businessman and a bit of a
celebrity in the PDRC movement he
collects sports cars and even once drove
his Porsche into a pro-government red
shirt demonstration well I was taking a
joyride I had to get past intersection
to you to get home but they were
blocking the intersection the
motivations for a red shirt mob was that
rich city people take advantages of the
poor country side people country people
so being in a Porsche 911 doesn't help
people were banging on the cars and as
soon as you know that you feel like that
they were trying to pull the handle to
to to open it that's when I thought okay
 I gotta go
I got I got I got a run for it even
even dick I was beaten up and we end up
selling it for profit
everybody drives a red Ferraris so when
I got my first Ferrari was yellow and
then and then we came across this one I
would if it if it wasn't red then I know
I don't think I would I think it would
have got it in well actually some things
I love about you know what it repainted
it didn't blue things are never about
you not kissing you you have a number
for varies but not even one in red color
and it takes a lot of guts for you not
to get a red Ferrari Richard I met Anna
Anna they have a crossfire
right after he was ambushed the
friendship that was forged on a
battlefield is stronger than steel not
if I have to introduce him I would say
he's my brother he was born in a very
very rich family he grew up in the UK
and he's young a very very young 22
years roll I'm proud of this one just
you know my dad bought it but I fixed it
up your weekend right
you need something different you know
not like a brand new mid-engine Ferraris
with things to get this from 1973 it's
Richard here is older than I am and I am
is more mature in my experience so
sometimes he acts as my mentor sometimes
he's just a buddy it is uncompelled to
my dad's vintage porch a different story
this is the real beast
you can never go wrong in a Ferrari
driving around city like Bangkok and
your precious little pony that's about
as good as it gets and that's exactly
what we fight for a small moment like
that that makes it all worthwhile
right make it all worth fighting for
Bangkok's Royalists elites hold
influence over the military and the
courts but their most visible Arsenal is
a mix of civil disobedience from
royalist followers and downright
thuggery from masked men and black whose
sole job is to intimidate we're in the
back of a pickup truck with tons of
protesters we've got a large convoy
ahead of us
trucks and buses filled with protesters
several behind us none of these people
know where we're going only the leaders
know exactly where this is going to end
up today the protesters have decided to
shut down the office of civil service
going around with these anti-government
protesters you'll learn that there is a
fine line between civil disobedience and
plain old mob rule
Oh
the protesters are very paranoid
scanning the buildings for snipers and
trying to stop us from filming
in some instances those unlucky enough
to be suspected of being Red Shirts have
been beaten up and killed by PDRC mobs
the back of this truck really don't know
what's going on
the protesters were told that this
building was empty that no one was
working here and once they found out
there were they cut the power the
employees are being forced to leave now
because the protesters have shut down
the government building we're gonna make
our way back to one of the camps to see
what they have in store for the next
action each attack and counter-attack is
dragging ties deeper and deeper into
conflict pitting not only civilians but
the police and the military against each
other in January 1 of the
anti-government groups leaders was shot
dead on a broadcast truck during a
demonstration the owner of the truck
called NAT to see if he would buy it to
use in the upcoming protests sit go
Mitch hi guys I said no way
so the police came ensuring safety and
the land when they arrived at an
intersection the police left with just
you know kind of went out of the way and
the ambush came in and with a bunch of
soul rifles and start shooting at this
car and so and so contained the leader
lost his life in in ambush first shot to
the head drop dead went and um you know
to the blood was here
you drop to the ground over there he was
a martyr he he died on duty on a rally I
like a lot not staying it's not that
easy to clean up
whispers I mean I want to I think I want
to keep it this way it's a symbolic
hanging out with NAT and Victor it is
clear that their lives are in constant
danger Victor has a bodyguard by his
side at all times if I don't have any
enemy I wouldn't need a bodyguard and
he's here to protect me and he did death
several times it was in prison under
sentence for killing people
but I suppose he's innocent and he got
tab from two percent last year the
backgrounds I knew about him was it was
a soldier down south of Thailand
preventing protecting this country
protecting his beloved King and he is
assassin his killer well if you can
protect the country if you can protect
me as was i poet many of these PDRC
protesters in bangkok have been bussed
in from southern Thailand where Victor's
bodyguard is from we're about to head to
the city center on a broadcast truck
just like the one that was ambushed last
week
that's what I want one of those I don't
have it
that useful if you allow fast to go for
they have to be wear helmet the mirror
and a vest and the trouble bomb on you
pistols against us you know this is fine
against pistol now nobody uses just
between ride for reason unless you think
I marched like this is dangerous
taking a busy road you're very exposed
and as you can see we run arms you know
just have my clothes on and that's it so
yeah it's it's about dangerous as it
gets any ones who want to broadcast all
all the targets anyway so it doesn't
really matter we do not even over if you
or you two are this hot get now and
congratulations
right now I'm on top of a rod nestra
with one of the largest marches for the
anti-government protesters they want to
head down one of the busiest boulevards
to announce the people they're gonna
have a festival on Election Day
as I watched Annette and Viktor risk
their lives like this
I wonder what really motivated them both
of them clearly benefited from a system
that rewards connections to wealth and
power the problem now is that this
well-established power network is
shifting underneath their feet former
Prime Minister tax and has placed
himself as an alternative to the people
a very threatening alternative to
Bangkok's all delete s ties if an adult
man or security guard the net connection
if you know people things get a lot
easier if you know people you can park
in the special spaces if you know people
the right people you can get ordered
this code if you know people you can
send your children to any schools that
you want and that also comply to my
parents as well better have problem you
send me to a better scheme and have
another problem you send me to a better
scheme and when I have lots of problem
they send me to the top skin so the
connections as you've been collecting
for the whole life it's gonna be used
every single day when you spin your life
and this is what why the country fails
we are going to a place called Mecca -
which is well clubbing if you like um
this is where it has a theme which is a
Chinese Tea Room so it means something
involve its girls this is the first time
during the last three months after after
I got myself involved with the PDRC so
people there would would be interesting
to see me in this sort of circumstance
this place you have to book yourself to
get in for the hormones just to get a
tiny table
today's Election Day and both sides are
sure to be out in full force
the PDRC is planning to block the
polling stations across the city to
protest what they consider to be an
election rigged by former prime minister
Thaksin the pro-government supporters
are short of big win if they can cast
their votes there's nothing real about
the democracy we have under the taxing
regime there is nothing real about this
coming election or even the election
before you know all the votes are being
brought in everybody has a prices needs
need to find out how much it is until
they are free to vote for whatever it
feels like voting whatever laws it feels
like for the best interest of the
countries and not taking orders and
money from one man who's like you know
convicted criminals then we don't have a
real democracy that's why we call for
reform and not elections we are prepared
for for violence we're at a polling
station where there's a lot of anger
against the PDRC for sabotaging the
election
these are getting pretty aggressive
outside the polling station here in
Bangkok voters have just torn down a
PDRC stage in the fairway piste they
can't cast their ballot he has the
polakov happening all around the city
the PDRC was successfully able to avoid
February's elections now they are trying
to impeach Prime Minister Yingluck
Shinawatra
in the past eight years Bangkok's
royalist elite have nullified two
election wins by tax and backed parties
and toppled to tax and backed prime
ministers with the help of establishment
courts that evening Royalists supporters
celebrated with a PVC pipe wielding rock
star but the failed elections only puts
Thailand in a more precarious state it
risks massive turnout of pro-government
red shirts angry that their votes
essentially don't mean anything it seems
the only place they can settle their
scores now is in the streets at the most
dangerous anti-government protest site
on the outskirts of Bangkok Viktor has
come out to give a speech and rally
support for the monarchy here nightly
grenade attacks are given
I've been told that this is m79 blended
closeness dish which is a grenade
launcher
Pauline Valentine quality roofer date
night
nomnom arson wanted aluminum negative
Wow
we call em somebody knowing order a
grenade launcher close today at least
the Bombers of it far from I went where
I was standing
we ain't even wore tens of people has
been killed I Capra leaders has been
killed so far by I don't know and when
do you see the procedure that has been
taken by Police Department where they
come to attack us no one has been
arrested
from the wretched people for example my
sedation read share people came and
tagged me with them a war weapon no one
has been arrested if you put ask me are
you scared you're going out there
brace yourself I said I'm scared but I
have something bigger to scare we just
seen my beloved country falling down the
country has been sinking deeper and
deeper
you're proud to represent Thailand we
are proud to be Thais the moment we lost
that the moment that we can no longer be
proud the place we call home and that's
when you know it's over for us that's
why Bangkok and Thailand it's what
fighting for worth living phone was
dying for
I mean I've looked down on you know in
the city skyline in so many places
London Paris Rome Geneva Tokyo Hong Kong
but when we look down at Bangkok it's
its home I've never been to the moon but
it's probably the feeling they describe
as when you're in space I mean you're
looking down at Earth it's that feeling
when you look down a place where you
belong
it's the country of the king of our King
as far as I'm concerned it's one skyline
taxon we'll never get to see as far as
I'm alive
you
