tonight what the zero tolerance is is
doing is it's creating incredible fear
fortunately unfortunately nice or square
was a it's a big turning point for
private security companies here there's
no secret I mean we need China no
question the CEO of Audi has been
arrested over concerns he might tamper
with an investigation that came out of
Volkswagens diesel scandal
Rupert Stadler is the most senior
executive to be arrested since the car
maker admitted to rigging its emissions
tests in 2015 the World Health
Organization is recognizing gaming
addiction as a mental health condition
Gaming disorder will be added to the
International classification of diseases
which could mean doctors will be able to
treat it directly without tying their
problem to anxiety or other conditions
hundreds marching across Afghanistan
have reached the capital after walking
for more than a month across their
war-torn country while fasting for
Ramadan the peace movement began with
just eight activists who held a hunger
strike after a car bomb killed 14 people
in March we are going to have the air
force and we are going to have the space
force separate but equal president Trump
directed the Pentagon to establish a
sixth branch of the US Armed Forces
called the space force the name was
coined three months ago by this man you
know I was saying it the other day cuz
we're doing a tremendous amount of work
in space I said maybe we need a new
force we'll go with the space force and
I was not really serious and then I said
what a great idea maybe we'll have to do
this
the images of young migrants kept in
pens on American soil would be enough to
make most politicians think twice about
their approach to immigration but
President Trump is digging in the United
States will not be a migrant camp and it
will not be a refugee holding facility
will be you look at what's happening in
Europe you look at what's happening in
other places we can't allow that to
happen to the United States not on my
watch
predictably that show of defiance just
made the administration's problem worse
and a little after 5:00 p.m. they
trotted out the Secretary of Homeland
Security to put a more compassionate
spin on the issue so I want to provide
you an update on the illegal immigration
crisis on our southern border the
so-called zero tolerance policy is
supposed to apply to people who cross
the border illegally but one of the
questions secretary Neilson got was how
it's affecting people who crossed
legally by asking for asylum at an
official port of entry DHS is not
separating families legitimately seeking
asylum at ports of entry that late in
the day cleanup attempt by secretary
Neilson indicates the administration is
hearing the same reports that I am here
in El Paso that zero tolerance is
intersecting with the asylum system
which is supposed to be separate asylum
seekers are doing with the trump
administration asked them to do
presenting themselves at a port of entry
and claiming a credible fear of
returning to their home country Customs
and Border Protection isn't officially
denying asylum seekers entry to the US
but they are telling people that the
detention centers were asylum seekers
are being held whether claims are
processed or full according to aid
workers people can spend days waiting to
make it a silent claim and in some cases
adults accompanying minors making an
asylum claim can even be charged with a
crime
one of the great concerns now is that we
are beginning to hear reports of some
families who cross through the port of
entry that were separated and prosecuted
criminally and and that's of tremendous
concern to us because it's now no longer
individuals who cross illegally but now
even individuals that present at a port
of entry and so this is something that
we want to follow very very carefully
but what you're saying happened in this
case was somebody did what they were
supposed to do in terms of presenting
themselves at a port of entry with an
asylum claim at some point and somehow
they were this person was charged
criminally and separated from her child
correct and the charge was illegal entry
correct Customs and Border Protection
referred us to secretary Nielsen's
remarks today but even before the
families are allowed to make their
asylum claim Garcia says some have run
into problems on Friday
Garcia helped five families make asylum
claims but he says two were turned away
and joined a growing group of asylum
seekers crowding the port of entry can
you walk me through again this these are
signs that you all are helping folks
make correct for people that are trying
to present at the port of entry to
establish the categorical claim I am
afraid and I'm asking for asylum so that
so there can be no question the part of
a CBP officer that that in fact is what
they're facing in the person of this mom
whether children or this dad with his
children and the kind of things you're
saying is where you're from that what
your name is what your child's name is
and your reason essentially correct you
know why it is that I'm here even if the
sign it isn't helpful what we're trying
to do is document the fact that even
individuals that clearly categorically
have expressed fear and asking for time
are being turned away even though seaman
be officers will say we're not denied
in effect in effect when you go to the
international line and you ask for
asylum if you are turned away you have
been turned down okay so and I think
that needs to be clear
and is that legal it is not legal our
understanding according to the law is
that when an individual presence at the
boundary line and they ask for asylum
they expressed fear and ask for asylum
that CBP is then obligated to process
them and to place them in the
immigration process whereby that asylum
claim can be evaluated and adjudicated
what are the officers say and at least
in your experience well it's a pretty
consistent message and and it's a very
interesting message officers will say we
don't have space our processing facility
at the port were food we don't have
space and and then there's the the use
of the word humane and they're they're
very good about saying we are not
denying anyone the opportunity were just
saying not now
are you seeing more people trying to
seek asylum since the zero tolerance
policy came into effect no it's
enforcement hasn't really had that big
of an impact on white people are living
in salvador guatemala elude us and and
what it is that they speak about when
they arrive what the zero tolerance is
is doing is it's creating incredible
fear because for them for them the issue
is they want to take my children away
the Department of Homeland Security told
vice news today that in just the last
month or so
may 5th to June 9th they separated 2342
miners from their parents that's a
pretty sobering number and it has a lot
of opponents of the policy wondering how
on earth this could be happening
president Trump is blaming the Democrats
and I say it's very strongly the
Democrats fault the Department of
Homeland Security says it's just
following protocol illegal actions have
and must have consequences the Justice
Department says it's just enforcing
American law we do have a policy of
prosecuting adults who flout our laws to
come here in illegally sessions in the
DOJ legally can do this and they would
say they're required to but sessions
remarks downplay the role the
administration has in creating this
separation policy in the first place the
administration zero-tolerance policy
means that basically everyone who is
caught crossing the border illegally is
being charged with a crime this is
different than how the Obama or Bush
administration's handled this I asked
Wendy young who runs a pro immigrant
organization that tries to help
undocumented kids get legal
representation to explain what changed
because on accompany children go on a
different legal track this is why
they're going to HHS and being placed
into deportation proceedings separately
from the parent in many cases
deportation proceedings are a civil
proceeding they're not a criminal
proceeding and in the past very few
families would be put on the criminal
track and prosecuted for illegal entry
you know it would be the exception to
the norm in the sense that perhaps it
was somebody who had unlawfully entered
a few times or had an actual criminal
back yes exactly exactly had a criminal
offense now we're seeing that they're
using the laws on the books
inappropriately in order to punish
families who arrived here and did to her
others who may be thinking about making
the voyage to the United States
whether that is an inappropriate use of
laws is up for debate but because of how
this administration is interpreting the
law since minors can't go to adult jail
they're separated from their parents
sessions also spoke today about
loopholes in the immigration system we
do not want to separate parents from
their children you can be sure of that
if we build a wall we pass some
legislation we close some loopholes we
won't face these terrible choices one of
the loopholes they're talking about is
the leniency previous administration
showed two families who cross the border
illegally like keeping them together and
not having their cases be decided in the
criminal court system this current
administration does not want to
encourage immigration in general and
they've decided to use our laws to try
to deter people what is wrong with that
president Trump's loopholes are what we
call child protections these laws have
been built up over 15 years specifically
out of recognition that children are
uniquely vulnerable it doesn't matter
where they are born they check they
share certain characteristics that make
them vulnerable he's using the term
loopholes because of plays well to
certain people in the country who
believe that our immigration laws are
too loose this is one area of our
immigration law that works actually
fairly well until this administration
came along
the Supreme Court today avoided sweeping
rulings on two closely watched partisan
gerrymandering cases but mostly for
technical reasons in one case Gill
versus Whitford 12 Wisconsin Democrats
argued that their collective influence
in the state assembly was weakened by
new Republican drawn districts but the
justices said voting is an individual
activity so in order to sue plaintiffs
have to demonstrate that any political
damage from gerrymandering affected
individual votes if the plaintiffs
reframe their argument they can continue
the case in a second similar case Benna
sec vs. Lamone a group of Republican
voters challenged changes that Democrats
made to Maryland's congressional maps
the court also chose not to rule on
whether the Maryland map was
constitutional instead leaving that for
a lower court to decide in a full trial
until that happens the gerrymandered map
stay in place through the midterm
elections in November
what everyone was watching for was
whether the justices would take a
definitive stand on partisan
gerrymandering especially since maps
will be redrawn again after the 2020
census so without a ruling on the actual
legal merits of whether political
parties can redraw districts to gain
advantage it's still not clear what's
constitutional or what's not when it
comes to redistricting in Baghdad in
2007 mercenaries from Blackwater
international committed one of the wars
most notorious atrocities killing more
than a dozen innocent Iraqis it became
known as the nice or square massacre
Blackwater argued that the men were just
doing their jobs and claimed they had
cause to believe they might be under
attack but in 2014
four Blackwater security guards were
found to have fired without provocation
the next year three were sentenced on
manslaughter and firearms offenses in
federal court and one Nicholas slatton
who was accused of firing first got life
in prison for murder late last year
though the DC Circuit ordered that
slatton was entitled to a retrial jury
selection for that child begins today
a gelatin object in the kheer Marshall
kissing reporter goddess here or not
I'll cut a lot about out touch I was
Shelly kid and Ruth I would Ally color
was a traffic policeman on duty in this
square when a team of American private
contractors escorting a u.s. embassy
convoy in Baghdad got stuck in traffic
panicked and started spraying civilian
cars with heavy machine-gun fire and
grenades killing 17 Iraqi civilians
garbage in Fargo for not welcoming know
yet that's from black Wharton block
water Oh God I know you have me in it ha
ha quarter all of it good luck block
water a young doctor driving his mother
in this white Kia took the first bullet
hey I saw her when I do a ladybug an
addict or - a bit hey I got on what I
looked you could lure hot dog guys could
you offer the incident highlighted the
excesses and impunity of an industry
that had massively expanded over a short
period of time in 2007 they were up to a
hundred and eighty thousand private
contractors in Iraq more than the number
of US troops on the ground
the Nissel square shooting made
Blackwater
a notorious name and a global mobility
folks like Blackwater who provides
security for the State Department are
under rules of engagement other words
they have certain rules and this
commission will determine whether or not
they violated those rules
fortunately unfortunately nice or square
was a was a big turning point for
private security companies here that
just caused a lot of people to look at
their procedures what they were doing
from an industry standard since the
incident has been a more than ninety
percent reduction in the number of
foreign contractors in Iraq you know the
days Jim Reese is one of the few
Americans laughing some people would
call it the Wild West days those days
report on his company Tiger Swan is paid
to provide armed escorts and facility
protection for businesses reporters and
NGOs in Iraq but the firm now mostly
relies on local staff to do it all these
armored vehicles a bunch of you know
Westerners standing there you know all
kitted up in their tattoos and
everything just pull it's big it's a big
big spotlight you don't want people that
are trigger-happy you don't want people
who you know they join this stuff to be
commandos not not the type of person
you're looking for
after Blackwater Iran's government
enacted regulations that made it harder
for foreign security companies to
operate for example they must now pay an
advance bond of eight hundred thousand
US dollars cash as a deposit against
wrongdoing but lawyers for relatives of
those killed the minister square
shooting say that hasn't addressed the
real problem
Susan Burke filed the initial lawsuit
that led to the prosecutions from my
perspective there has not been a real
reckoning with nice or nor I would note
have we as a nation actually stepped up
to the task of saying okay we are going
to use private security we are going to
use mercenaries let's regulate that
industry I mean after that incident the
Iraqi government came up with all sorts
of restrictions and rules that totally
changed the landscape for private
security companies to operate there so
isn't that a solution to the problem
well it's certainly a solution for Iraq
but really the question for our
population and for us as Americans is
what's our obligation what should we be
doing I fought and I admire the
prosecutors who handling the Blackwater
case it's just that there are many many
other cases as well that should be
prosecuted
families of the Nissel square victims
have heard they may need to testify once
again most of finding it hard to
understand why the case is being
reopened until hi more hard as a jury
mat Utting hussain sahib watched his
brother many died of gunshot wounds to
his chest architecturally and seanix out
of we are mobile la jolla mujrimeen
though lacks an injury Misawa they shown
it out of we are modified China imports
more recyclable goods than any other
country but earlier this year China
stopped accepting a long list of
imported plastic and paper waste and
implemented much stricter guidelines for
what it was willing to take in that
dramatic shift in policy is coming out
of a national campaign to reduce the
country's carbon footprint but it's also
a signal that China won't settle for
being the trash collector for the rest
of the world
we're gonna go to our single-stream
recycling facility which has been the
most impact by the by the waistband it's
in China and that's over on the far and
it is on the far right yep all right
let's go
okay PJ Harvey's family has been in the
garbage business for more than a century
they sort recyclables squeeze them into
cubes and then under normal
circumstances southern the companies
that turn the paper and plastic into all
kinds of industrial products well
percentage of the stuff that is
processed here ends up going overseas
probably half of the recycling that we
do what percentage of that goes to China
oh it was probably like 90 yeah
typically there might be a few dozen
one-ton cube sitting around but now
Harvey's got thousands of them
we usually have inventory that sits for
a couple days and then moves out this
has been sitting for a couple months
it's just a monstrosity amount of amount
of inventory that we're sitting on it
the pileup started back in January when
China banned the import of 24 different
types of paper and plastic including
things like reusable water bottles China
also changed its requirements for the
recyclables it still accepts it only
wants higher grade clean stuff that's
almost perfectly sorted the rate that
china is now mandating is 0.5 percent
contamination is that is that even
possible in my opinion it's not we never
thought it would come to the point that
it's comes to we wouldn't put all the
infrastructure and money into into the
facility if we had it stuff still coming
in faster than you can get it out yeah
right now how much has it affected your
business million
yeah I mean it's a big number Harvey
isn't alone shipments of American
recyclables to China
we're down by 36% through April of this
year waste I've an industry publication
estimates that drop-off has impacted
recycling programs in at least 27 states
don't get me started
we're offering them to everybody but
there's that's the challenge
Jonathan Sloan is a broker he buys
recyclables from people like Harvey and
then sends them to countries around the
world in China's new policy has made
that work a lot harder I've seen lots of
bad markets in the 30 years I've been
doing this but I've never seen anything
like this it's had a dramatic impact on
the entire industry east to west north
to south what's changed in the
marketplace as a result of this decision
price has been dramatically reduced on
things like mix paper two years ago
getting seventy five eighty five dollars
a ton for your mix paper to being
charged in a lot of cases to take it
away you have to pay now for someone to
take something they use used to get paid
hate you for right that has totally
upended the economics a lot of recycling
programs us recyclers haven't just had
to take whatever price they can get
they've also had to scramble to find new
buyers in the first four months of the
year recyclable paper and plastic
exports to India Indonesia Taiwan and
Vietnam have all more than doubled with
all this material going to ports that it
wasn't going to before how is it
affecting those ports I mean are these
countries able to accept that much stuff
we've seen just over the last week or so
Vietnam
enact restrictions because they just
don't physically have the capacity to
handle all those containers that have
come in to those boards if China doesn't
come back if we can't find places to
send our recyclable waste what happens I
think the worst case scenario
is programs stopped anyway stop
recycling that's sort of the worst case
scenario at the moment some states are
already giving companies waivers to
throw out recyclables it's happening in
more than a dozen states including
Massachusetts for more than four
thousand tons of paper and plastic
recyclables and more than ten thousand
tons of glass have been sent to
landfills and you gotten waivers to grow
any of this stuff out
no have you thought about applying for
them at some point if we're forced into
it maybe I don't think that will come I
hope it doesn't but there's no secret I
mean we need China no question China
isn't the first developing country to
leave these bottom-feeder businesses
behind and it won't be the last which is
a good thing for the global economy but
it will continue to have huge
ramifications for how we live on this
planet recycling is not as easy as
people think today you know you throw it
into this big bin and you know magically
turns into something that's super
valuable and now people can see like
okay this is what happens when you rely
on another country and they decide that
they don't want your stuff
more than 27,000 people applied for a
lottery to attend Stephen Hawking's
internment service at Westminster Abbey
in London last Friday 1,000 people from
over 100 countries got their wish
including me
William turneth Hawking lottery winner
and two-time reader of a brief history
of time we come to celebrate the life
and achievements of Stephen Hawking so
you came here from Tunisia no problem
yeah no problem of course for stepping
out I would do it I mean it's it's an
amazing event when you told people you
would go to London for the service like
your friends and family what what was
their reaction how it's done the
direction reaction of my wife why would
you do that I mean he's not the close
family member I thought you know just
it's just like a rock star you know this
is a once-in-a-lifetime experience paid
tribute has kind of a commoner so to
speak to someone that profound had such
a large impact on the world and you
brought students here from America right
I did I brought four students with me um
specifically because one of them since
he was five ish was interested in
quantum mechanics and black holes and
anything relating to cosmology and
Stephen Hawking and so I knew that I was
going to apply for this for that student
Hawking was a celebrity scientist in a
class with Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill
Nye he said that just as many people
knew him from his appearances on The
Simpsons as from his scientific
breakthroughs if you are looking for
trouble
you found it yeah just trying to use for
many Hawking was their only exposure to
the complicated and esoteric science of
modern physics the brief history of time
it was the universe and time and space
in a nutshell it was kind
and I hope any entry into the works of
Fineman and Carl Sagan and a lot of the
other great science communicators that
were able to relate it to everybody
inside the historic English Church
famous actors and members of parliament
celebrated Hawking's life
Stephen William Hawking inspires us by
his joyous life by his courage his
stubbornness and his challenging
questions for scientists of today and of
the future Hawking had a gift for
delighting nerds in the past as part of
a running joke about time travel he'd
sent invitations to an event after it
had taken place hoping time travelers
would show up this event was no
different
can you explain what's of that
invitation they asked you a date of
birth they allowed you to scroll into
the future I'll choose your date of
birth if you chose to and you were not
one of the Time Traveler's I couldn't
tell you
you
you
