it's monday april twenty first and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines
several unidentified gunmen critically
injured a prominent TV journalist when
they sprayed his moving car with bullets
in Karachi hameed mere an anchor for
gotv was shot three times and is being
treated in a local hospital where he is
expected to survive Mears family said
that he had received threats from the
Pakistani intelligence services because
of his political views and the Committee
to Protect Journalists criticized Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif for not doing more
to prevent attacks on reporters mere is
one of the few journalists to have
interviewed Osama bin Laden and the
Taliban tried to kill him with a bomb in
2012 for his coverage of the shooting of
Malala yousufzai at least three people
are dead after gunmen opened fire on a
checkpoint manned by pro-russian
militants in eastern Ukraine no one has
claimed responsibility for the attack so
far though the Russian Foreign Minister
blames the Ukrainian government for what
he says is their quote unwillingness to
rein in and disarm the Nationalists and
extremists the shooting occurred near
the eastern city of sloviansk three days
after officials from Ukraine Russia the
US and Europe reached an agreement in
Geneva on disarming illegal malicious
but even just hours after the agreement
was reached pro-russian militias
announced they wouldn't immediately give
up their weapons saying that the Kiev
government should focus first on
controlling nationalist groups who they
blame for recent escalations following
the incident the new mayor of sloviansk
imposed a curfew and asked Russian
President Vladimir Putin to send a
peacekeeping force to drone strikes in
last two days have killed more than 20
suspected al-qaeda militants and several
civilians in southern Yemen the nature
of the attack remains murky though CNN
reported that a Yemeni official says the
attack was part of a joint us yemen
operation targeting al Qaeda in the
Arabian Peninsula the US doesn't
generally comment on specific drone
strikes a video released last week
depicts al Qaeda leaders and hundreds of
militants at a meeting supposedly in the
same part of Yemen where the drone
strikes took place
a father-and-son team in the Gaza Strip
have figured out a way to turn reclaimed
plastic into valuable fuel Ibrahim and
Mahmoud servos makeshift device melts
shredded plastic into liquid and gaseous
components that are then collected and
distilled into biodiesel for years the
Gaza Strip has suffered under an Israeli
imposed siege that prevents weapons
along with essential goods like fuel
food and clothing from reaching the 1.8
million people who live there the
situation has been exacerbated in recent
months when the Egyptian government
destroyed several tunnels once used to
smuggle much needed fuel into Gaza check
out the vice news YouTube channel for
more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
that's the head of the counterterrorism
operation he's here outside the place I
don't know how the hell he got here but
he's about to be torn apart by the crowd
I was trying to get the Ukrainians
inside the pencil item inside they're
afraid that if they open the door the
crowd will get through to so it's a
standoff and he's saying he won't call
me over the fence to get in which is
what they're asking him to do because
he's a general
