it's Wednesday April sixteenth and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines protesters in kiev have
attacked pro-russia politicians with
flower die and eggs a video posted on
youtube shows pro-russia presidential
candidate oleg zara surrounded by dozens
of chanting activists who can be seen
punching and throwing eggs at him as he
tries to get away later Zaroff posted a
video to youtube in which he appears
shirtless and bruised and gives an
account of the attack a different video
shows another pro-russia presidential
candidate arguing with protesters as
they Pelt him with flour and
disinfectant for several minutes the
attacks come as tensions escalate
between the western-backed ukrainian
government and pro-russian militants the
militants have occupied several
government buildings in the eastern part
of the country three journalists from
the official TV channel of the Shia
group Hezbollah have been reported dead
in Syria the al manar crew had been
traveling by car with syrian troops when
they were shot dead the troops backed by
Hezbollah fighters had recently taken
the town of maalula from rebels Lebanese
president Michelle lumen called the
killer's cowards for targeting
journalists the Committee to Protect
Journalists says syria is the most
dangerous place in the world for
reporters in a landmark ruling india
supreme court has recognized
transgendered people as a third gender
the decision also orders the federal
government to provide transgendered
people with the same quotas for jobs and
education guaranteed to the country's
ethnic minorities human rights activists
are celebrating the decision saying that
for too long transgendered people in
India have suffered discrimination and
marginalization because of their
identity North Korea celebrated the
102nd birthday of the country's founder
with military rallies public pageantry
and a booming fireworks display supreme
leader Kim jong-un paid homage to the
founder of the country his grandfather
Kim il-sung in South Korea protesters
celebrated by burning images of the
North's leaders and chanting slogans
against Pyongyang for their recent
military aggressions the two Koreas have
been on edge in recent weeks after they
shot rockets into each other's waters
during military exercises also three
drones believed to belong to the North
have been found in South Korea since
March
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
call for protest march combined with an
electoral boycott came in response to
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and a
ruling awami party refusing to return to
a caretaker government to oversee
elections planned on january fit inside
the base are anti-government protesters
they're fighting each other right now go
to barter with enemy I'm thinking of the
bed ticket Thank You Man over a period
of here buddy tonight
