the roads are completely empty nobody is
out here where we're walking towards is
where the opposition leader colored a
Zia lives and her house is barricaded
with cops I mean there's dozens of them
so the police leaders are telling me
they have enhanced the security the
protection of the opposition leader and
that's why all these police officers
have barricaded her house with the large
media presence outside she attempted to
leave her house Jocasta dr. gaya boochi
boochi
dick Boak also denied character baron
chato dinner compartment a mother karma
she children unable to leave Zia made
her way back inside essentially under
house arrest five days earlier Khaleda
Zia had called on the supporters of her
BNP party to take to the streets in a
march for democracy I'm ray original on
dnt much for democracy the call for a
protest march combined with an electoral
boycott came in response to Prime
Minister Sheikh Hasina and a ruling
Awami party refusing to return to a
caretaker government to oversee
elections planned on January 5th I made
my way to the BNP HQ the scheduled
starting point for the March for
democracy which Zia was supposed to be
leading
suspected to be at least at this protest
so let's see what happens
we're seeing bus loads of police
officers come into the scene we are
literally three blocks away from the BMP
officer no protesters in sight for clue
everywhere
the police were determined that no one
would reach the BMP HQ but a former MP
did attempt to cross the barricade it
looked like Diaz March for democracy was
over before it had begun and with the
police showing zero tolerance for any
form of protest even we felt under
scrutiny our driver just told us that a
police officer followed us to the
opposition leaders office and now I'm a
little worried that we might be followed
at taka Supreme Court a group of BNP
lawyers were attempting to join the
March
what happened
we tried to come out four thousand
hearts when you can see but we we did
not can tell you about to do water
barrier of the present government ruling
of the government while the security
crackdown had successfully stopped the
main March small protests were breaking
out everywhere just a block away the
streets in front of the Press Club
looked like a war zone
ha
outside our pro-government protesters
inside this case are anti-government
protesters they're fighting each other
right now go to bar daffodility
I'm thinking offices thank you to the
man it would appear everybody tomorrow
bangladesh only gained independence from
Pakistan in 1971 after a bloody war for
many the wounds were not killed the
Supreme Court is currently holding war
crimes tribunals against those who
collaborated with Pakistan many of the
accused are major figures within the BNP
and Islamist party jamaat-e-islami
Louise had made a half-hearted attempt
to stop fighting
but pro-government supporters continued
to host own this time at their fellow
supporters who've managed to infiltrate
the elections are supposed to be a
positive thing and my experience here so
far is just seeing a lot of chaos
violence and
while getting hurt some opposition
activists fearing for their safety have
gone into hiding
yes they're negotiating my entrance
right now
questioning where we are who we are
stop coming so we're in a secret
location this BMP activist is hiding so
we had to turn our cameras off and join
the police Tasha - banku little Corcoran
lagging Monte mr. Kaiser present money
Monte directed her to the Corcoran la
cocina shaken did you know - shaky Aldo
Patti Bahr Makena beauty box - a cada
una drosera no party political
activities Kota Bharu Akina actually a
tubular munchin people in bathroom decor
our money and cudamani gusta scene I've
not even a pastor K for any violence of
it I'm violence so John Anderson kitchen
correct Agena she get it they are like
eating alone I only physically the BMP
has ties to several fundamentalist
Islamist groups whose presence and
violence have increased in recent years
one of these groups hefyd Athiya Solano
is a platform of different Islamist
organizations on May 5th 2013 they shut
down untold haka this was an active
protest after their demands for
stringent Islamic laws were denied the
clashes left 27 dead including two
police officers
to find out more about the role in the
power play of Bangladeshi politics we
went to meet them I told my hijab down
more because we're meetings that had
sheep inside the madrasah
I'm not covered in this
a gem resolutely shunta-kun women
Brandenburg Hasina fancy maharashtra the
dagger say mama de jongen
but upon the rat Rondo Caterpie elated
in the dig a rut and o qaradawi durable
java bali who looks with her
boohoo look at her I'm at the gem of the
shop cash or carry dollar look
johnnytrekker on Corinne Felicia Tara
doggone you wexel tear gas car say our
former Tiger lui swab every heavy snow
Miku middle we meet tomorrow Japan USA
meat hammer Shambhala me tomorrow every
with me tomorrow chronic but you get our
garage iconic Julia's it the madrasah
elders were keen to show me that despite
widespread criticism the heifer dot were
a peaceful movement focused on religion
modulus nobody outside to live here and
we look around here as well you just do
this our life
despite their apparent openness Pepita
has called for the introduction of
blasphemy laws has reported links to
Tommy bomb users and in October 2013 one
of its madrasahs was the site of an
explosion caused during the failed
manufacturer of handmade bomb it was
extraordinary to see how they were
controlling all aspects of the lives of
detail so right now we're on our way to
the Supreme Court where yesterday's and
the lemons took place so we're on our
way to the scenes to see what what's
going on and right now as we're driving
there are pro Lommy protestors taken to
the streets against the BNP supporters
interval the Supreme Court
the one supporters fervent announcement
of jamaat-e-islami I wanted to speak
with Ghana Jagger on munchers a secular
movement and the ideological opposite of
the Islamists led by Imran Sarkar and
made up of mostly students this portly
non partisan group is gaining popularity
we're about to meet with the mentor of
the secularists group and see why he had
his name so this is a night life in
Bangladesh where all the young
generation hangs out it's pretty cool
you know and this is the first time I
see a group of men and women
collectively just hanging out together
it's a fungal - i've never seen-- i'm
ardent supporter of of georgia girl
march and i think this is the only
discourse right at this moment to come
out of this whole bloody mess like Isis
going on in Bangladesh what about the
heifers ours yeah real fundamentals
really they told me they were peaceful
intelidox we want to see that those
people are not visible in the scenario
of our adesh politics but unfortunately
they are now I'm this is terrorism what
they are doing and our various charities
no profit they can really know send
people they can say we use the name of
religion we have no threat for religion
in Bangladesh the rise of fundamentalism
in this country has been challenged for
the first time but a young journalist
from where you can really foresee a
secular society a democratic society
January 5th the day of elections the
streets of taco were surprisingly quiet
people crowded around televisions
awaiting news on the lectures many
looking whether it would be safe to vote
there was a heavy military presence
across the city I headed to a local
polling station to see what the
situation was really like
how dare you career son taking a web
guru JJ looking down a cooler bottom
Ariana category Julius holiday gonna
cover hmmm well my buddy who says a
producer would be cool again Germany
although this particular polling station
was peaceful reports of violence and
destruction leaded in from around the
country hundreds of polling stations
were brought to the ground and their
workers brutally attacked the government
blames Jamaat activists for most of the
violence this is the burn unit
DJO a woman has created this aggressive
the results were announced with over
two-thirds of the vote Sheikh Hasina and
her Awami party had won at a nearby tea
shop Hasina's first post-election
television appearance with planks the
people I'm talking to here don't seem to
give a they're usually apathetic to
the situation only perform its shadow my
favorite food tonight doesn't need one
for what people know you know so better
fabric collected a tonic young happy
though I'm nervous gonna come up need
Bobby show key deck in Bangladesh Asia
Sheikh Hasina's speech she keep saying
that she's for the people and she wants
to see peace and harmony but the
complete opposite there's so much
bloodshed and chaos and these are the
people who are suffering from it the
chaos happening in the country fewer
than half of the parliamentary seats
were contested with no opposition and
voter turnout claimed to be as low as
20% leaving the wha me League in power
120 people died in pre-election clashes
and 18 on Election Day itself making it
Bangladesh is most violent election to
date
you
