he's gonna ver to go whoever was his
favorite was the one who was pretty much
being molested I was ashamed of it
but it's not something I'm ashamed of
anymore he didn't just ruin my life
he ruined all my brothers lives he needs
to be held accountable today's about a
man who lived here in Hilo for a number
of years named Jay Ram and Jay fostered
and adopted boys in California and here
in Hawaii and then he took them to his
ranch where he sexually abused them and
used them as child slave labor now many
of these boys this is Joelle castex
she's an advocate for victims of sex
abuse when you come forward publicly and
who say that this happened to you people
look at you completely differently not
in a negative way but in a positive way
because they see you as the strong prey
of survivor that you are and she brought
these brothers and their childhood
friend together to find justice after
decades of silence we didn't even
discuss it amongst ourselves they say
their adoptive father a man once
celebrated as a local hero subjected
them and many others to horrific abuse
and that from the beginning state and
social service agencies missed clear
signs that something was very wrong
he was born Gary Winnick but over the
years he's gone by the names wandering
eagle and Jay RAM since the early 1980s
he's been a foster parent and has had
dozens of boys placed in his care Ram
was seen as an eccentric hippie at eras
Matic guru a savior of Lost Boys no one
ever questioned his motives or methods
and he's never been convicted of a crime
today he remains at large
so today we're on our way to Chico
California to meet with this guy who
lived on Jays farm back in those late
70s and he was in his early 20s at the
time and he's been a little skittish but
we're hoping that he doesn't back out
when we show up but basically we're just
hoping to talk to him and get him to
tell us about his experiences on the
farm and just give us a little bit more
of a picture of Jay in the end he agreed
to speak with us but asked us not to use
his name
we also bleeped out the name of an
alleged victim that he mentioned so
let's start with the first time that you
met Jay well then he was called wandered
eglim and this was in 1979 at the whole
earth festival in Davis and at that time
I was on the weird raw food diet and I
had a wheatgrass and there's a it was a
kind of a drumming session or something
at night and I was passing it around
handing to people and and J Ram was
there and he looked like a Greek god he
was drawn to Jay Rams charisma and soon
after meeting him moved on to a farm Ram
had bought outside Chico it was a
communist and the name of the commune
was love serve and surrender so it had a
very eastern India bent bent to it very
popular at the time
Rams adopted son say he followed this
man an Indian guru named mahabhava who
didn't speak for more than 40 years and
claim to be God in human form Ram seem
to have similar ideas about himself Jai
Ram would say what's mine is mine what
yours is mine I know that that would
summarize the whole thing I think that's
what what summarized Jai Ram in in total
even with people you know their mind so
let's talk about when young men young
boys
started appearing on the farm when do
you remember the first time that you saw
a young person there well I think was
about 13 years old came up from Santa
Cruz and the guy that brought him up
that gonna pick up he left but they'd
and did that strike he was odd or
anybody else on the farm the thing about
that place is is everything there is
different than the other reality and so
the changes were were just accepted that
if there was there was no questioning
you just accept there was there was no
questioning you just accept and I think
there is a misconception there I've been
reading newspaper articles about J and
stuff like that and they call him
homosexual pedophile everything like
that he really usually not okay turn
left here okay he would use sex as one
of many controlling tools for people a
very deadly tool the most deadly of his
tools I asked him to bring me to the
former site of love servant surrender
okay we're past it it's in a stretch of
farm land about 30 minutes outside Chico
there's not much everything's changed
the only thing that's here is his almond
trees and and these all is
it's very serious of crying that he is
he's he's committed you know and III
think you know just just you know the
last week talking talking with you got
me got me thinking about that and what
is the crime that he's committed it was
sexual assault yeah
and that's that's them that's number one
that's something that you witnessed with
your own eyes
yeah but you really wouldn't call it an
assault because even that even up that
was here I mean he was a happy
thirteen-year-old there it wasn't like
you know crying or anything like that I
saw him over the years you know seven
years later and he you he's just same
seemed fine the the only thing is it it
I think it's a type of abuse where it
affects you deeply not superficially but
but but deeply you know one of the
things that made you hesitate to speak
with us on camera was the fear of
judgment from others who would say to
you you know or just say about you well
why didn't you do anything right and
what would you say to those people
well like I said it was a whole life
very controlling and manipulative and a
lot of pressure I heard many times go
with the flow go with the flow you see
so you own on the outside we're this
altruistic society here but in order to
become part of this good thing you need
to go with the flow in 1986 a woman who
also lived on the commune wrote a letter
to local authorities accusing Ram of
having sex with a boy who lived there
and she warned that quote with this
taking place I can only assume there
will be future victims
there was an investigation but Ram was
never charged around that time Ram had
been approved to be a foster father and
before long he was being referred a
steady flow of boys many like Carlos Ram
had been fleeing horrific abuse in his
case at the hands of his birth mother so
when I got home it's just a beating
was just beating being choked I've had
my eyes gouged I've had my hands burnt
in the stove she would put the flames on
when she found out like I was stealing
pencils or clay or something she would
put my hands in the fire and just leave
him there and she would smash him with
the rock he knows and how old were you
at the time this is from the age of six
all the way through like ten years old
five six years old then ever since
kindergarten preschool you know remember
the first time going up there and I saw
these boys in different nationalities
and like wow it's like they could do
whatever they wanted there and you know
I was like wow that's cool we have a
cool dad here you know my mother has
always been one to fall prey to you know
various gurus and you know religious
figures you know that may or may not
have anything substantial to offer and
so the story at the sky doing something
different may have appeal to her at some
level so he was like the self-styled
rehabilitator rehabilitator long hair
smooth talker had the Eastern religion
shrine in his house with the candles lit
all the time smell of incense is
everywhere yeah he he played the part
pretty pretty well so how did Jay first
come into your life it's nice for him
so and how old were you at the time I
was like I think five six so were you
the youngest one there mmm yeah was
youngest one then that time why would
you have a dad before you know and now
to see the little pictures of me I start
crying you know just thinking of it in
the summer of 1988 Ram left love servant
surrender and moved his boys to a more
secluded property and the Big Island of
Hawaii he would live there for almost 20
years we've come to the Big Island to
check out where the boys lived and just
to get a better sense of what their
lives were like we're also hoping to
talk to some of the adults that were
part of their lives but no one has
agreed to speak to us yet so we're gonna
keep our fingers crossed and hopefully
we'll be able to get in touch with
someone this is Rams old property it's
frawls across acres of rolling hills
covered by sugar cane and fruit trees
after buying this land Ram got to work
growing things and by all accounts he
was good at it and he put his boys to
work helping out the local newspaper
published several stories on how Ram was
rehabilitating troubled boys by teaching
them farming one quoted a state social
worker named Rosalyn viernes who oversaw
the adoption of four of Rands boys the
boys have blossomed under his care she
said he's a real good influence
despite this questionable assessment
viernes has risen through the ranks of
the state child welfare department today
she's a supervisor there she declined
our repeated requests for an interview
where we are right now is just a stone's
throw away from the house where the boys
lived with Jay and looking around in the
middle of this beautiful rainforest with
so many areas to explore it's a no
brainer any kids would find this a
paradise from the outside it looked like
paradise but Josiah Allegro says he knew
something was odd when he first met a
few of the brothers in this secluded
surf spot and started hanging out at
their home we're all sorts of rules he
was running out like a like a home for
boys okay and it was but not in a good
way
did you get a sense that it was like a
family or it was more like that they
were staying there and that Jay was like
well okay they called Jay dad they he
was their dad and they thought of each
other as brothers it was a family but it
was kind of a strange strange
interactions like they would pick on
each other but and and hate each other
all the time is just was bizarre I'd
never seen anything like it
Rams adopted son say that by then he had
created a bizarre sort of hierarchy for
the boys something right out of Lord of
the Flies he referred to his favorites
as snoots and called the rest louses
snute status will tended to be conferred
upon the younger ones they were more
easily manipulated and so if you're
special snoot you got to sleep in the
loft with Jay if you were a louse then
you slept in the hole as Jay called it
and you got sent downstairs and it was
dark everyone hated it downstairs while
snoots got special treatment
they were also forced to give something
in return he started talking to me about
how in other cultures it's okay that men
you know touched their sons or their
their younger male relatives and in
intimate ways and that that was a
natural human thing
and it was always very careful to say
that you know because of the rest of the
society is so close-minded and and
terrible that you can't say anything
about this whoever the special snoot at
the time was he would get him to lure
the other boys in and kind of get them
comfortable and into the whole idea and
so what Jay would do is he would
masturbate the the boy and then after
the boy was ejaculated then he would
have the boy lie on a stomach and then
he would hump his rump and that's what
Jay called it humping grumps we were all
into the beach we wanted bodyboards
skins you know I gave into it I I spoke
with him about you know I wanted a body
board I wanted fins I wanted things
that's when he asked me that why don't
you come up come up tonight to the loft
when everybody's asleep
let me hump your rump you know there's
nothing wrong with that after that
incident and it totally made me think
about what was going on in that house
and and what the younger ones were gonna
go through or already had gone through
you know
this went on for years and the brothers
say RAM encouraged them to bring new
friends home that he could prey on a lot
of times when I couldn't take it that's
what the long walks were for that's what
the drugs were for you know to help me
get through it there were several
instances where I just wanted to jump
off that bridge Alcala bridge that's
about the 16 miles north of Hilo that's
the beach we always used to go surf at
and you know just
walking on the edge of that bridge on
the very edge and looking down Carlo
says he and others had been afraid to
come forward but we obtained records
showing two other boys did report
allegations to the Child Welfare
Department as far back as 1989 there was
a police investigation and once again
Ram was never charged and Rosalind
viernes in her department kept
recommending ram as an adoptive father
for other boys then in 1992 a nine year
old boy came forward with a new set of
accusations
his name was Zane Dittman and he had
been placed with Ram as a foster child
by Catholic Charities a judge issued a
warrant for Rams arrest and suddenly the
curtain was lifted on the ram household
or at least it seemed to be so this is
where Jays boys went to school and they
appeared to everyone else to be just
like any other kids and even their
closest friends really had no idea what
was going on with them at home but
everything changed in October 1993
that's when for the first time
authorities intervened the boys were
pulled from class and taken into custody
by both the police and social services
Rams son say he had coached them to call
if this ever happened I use the phone
and I call him say hey something's going
on I'll be there right away
hey so the phone I don't know what's
happening you know saying I'm scared so
I want to take off running the game
builds you know and so as I go ahead
officer grabs me slams me on the warrant
handcuffs me you know throws me in a
band you know and you knows we're
leaving in the van here comes Dave
flying around a corner the boys were
eventually brought here for questioning
but no one spoke up I think I was 17 at
the time and J coached us what to say
just say that you know you come over and
you have a good time nothing like this
ever happens and I remember going to
that deposition on video and lying to
the camera saying no no that stuff ever
happened there and I feel terrible about
that because that boy and his father
didn't get justice meanwhile Rams
friends and associates were writing
letters to local newspapers defending
RAM and calling Ditman and his father
Liars eventually Ditman recanted and in
June 1994 the charges against Ram were
dismissed now after all that not only
where the boys returned to Jay but the
lieutenant who led the action to rescue
the boys from the home was slapped with
a lawsuit
by Jay himself which was ultimately
settled on his behalf by the police
department
until now these were the only people who
tried to help the boys and they were
punished for it we reached out to police
lieutenant william silva who led the
operation he's retired now but he says
the settlement prevents him from
speaking about the case
so today we're just outside of Honolulu
and we're on our way to meet the fifth
brother and he has kind of a different
story than the other guys because in
this whole weird Lord of the Flies
scenario that J had cooked up he was at
the top of the food chain so it'll be
interesting to hear how that situation
was for him and his perspective on
things
how many bumblebees are there this is
Rajan Ram like some of his brothers he
kept Jays last name that isn't really
sure why he lives here with his wife and
six-year-old son this is when I was
already smoking all day every day what
year was this 89 90 this is a Carlos
there's Josiah and here's my class
picture look like a normal guy but a lot
of anger in there whoever was his
favorite was the one who was pretty much
being molested and for me it was since
12 until about 16 and a half I was
pretty much biggest asshole there and I
would dish out punishment anytime I
wanted and if my brother's even looked
at me wrong I would show them to the
ground I would punch them I would kick
him
I would choke him and I would be able to
get away with it because you were higher
up yeah because I was Jay's
quote/unquote favorite at the time and
when was the last time that you had any
kind of contact with Jay I confronted
him late 2006 he said that's not what
really happened you you're just assuming
things it's not really it wasn't really
even like that and they told him you
know what I know what happened I know
what you did to me I called him a
because that's what he hated being
called
everybody knew that how has your
experience with Jay affected your life
is now oh it's been horrible
I'd been to prison two felonies on my
record I'm not able to you know help
anybody especially children you know
like that were hurt like me I can
guarantee that what he did all those
years he didn't just suddenly stop
he's just the worst kind of monster
there is out there and I really hate him
he didn't just ruin my life he ruined
all my brothers lives
all of rams alleged victims have
suffered but no one as badly as Zane
Dittmann he's the one who reported Ram
to the authorities back in 1992 he was
later accused of abusing a ten-year-old
boy himself and in 2008 blew himself up
after a police standoff but were there
any red flags in the twenty six-year-old
background it's been about 20 years
since they left Rams home and now Rams
boys are seeing each other for the first
time as men I'm by the babies plan
see my stuff still bottle about my Amman
I haven't exploded yet John me neither
one of the psychologists she just told
me I'm like a time bomb ready to explode
I'm right well that's why I'm here
sorry I had to meet you like this man
wanna go see it anywhere you want oh
yeah I think he's that sick that he
thinks he can win this because he'd won
anything else the state of Hawaii has
opened a two-year window that allows
victims of sex abuse to file claims for
old cases Matt and Rajan wanted a way to
hold their father accountable and they
reached out to the victims advocate
Joelle castex a survivor of priest abuse
herself they did so many things to try
to get justice and time and time again
they were turned away and so I mean I
don't think that they really believed me
that we could find them
the kind of help that they needed and
that there would be an attorney who
would take their case because unlike
cases that you see in like if for
instance in the Catholic Church there's
no money in it this is a case that
simply is the right thing to do and so
it was really important that they find
an attorney who cared and who would just
take the case just because of its moral
value the more pressure that can be
applied the better the possible outcome
is I know Tampa PD has him on their
radar I know the FBI has him on their
radar
both of them have called and asked for
information that we carried it with them
castex connected them to my crack an
attorney who's represented hundreds of
victims of abuse by Catholic priests so
let's go through just so I've got a list
of people who could be with you know
victims who could have rights
witnesses these men say they're speaking
up for all the children whose lives were
ruined by RAM of a Michael and then Jo
Jo was the youngest one yeah
London Jo get their worries
all right what about Roy he was abused
and this went on for another 15 minutes
by the end the brothers had listed no
fewer than 20 other potential victims
Scott is another person you can talk to
he was originally on board with us rec
and his team started digging for any
trace of RAM and they got a tip that he
had been living in Saipan a tiny island
about 120 miles north of Guam frankly I
didn't even know where Saipan was I'd
look at him out and it's really far out
in the middle of the ocean and if I
wanted to hide that's a good place to go
people reached out to us from Saipan and
essentially said hey we think that the
person you're looking for is here we
think he's living in this house we think
there are potential victims with him and
that was our first real lead and then he
appeared back on the mainland u.s.
Rex team traced ram to the town of
Odessa Florida in the horse country
outside of Tampa that's where they
served him with a lawsuit we went to
Odessa to find Rams home and when we got
there left messages on his cell phone
but he never called us back so we waited
in front of his gate when he saw us he
bolted he's gonna vertigo
and so we followed him through the
streets of Odessa trying to ask him a
few questions
and after chasing him for more than 20
minutes he pulled into a parking lot and
we finally thought we'd be able to
interview him there but instead we were
met with a sheriff's deputy Ram had
called the cops on us
police interviewed our producer and
cameraman and then questioned RAM and
three young men who had been in the car
with him we didn't learn who they were
until a few weeks later when we got a
hold of the incident report according to
the report they were Rams foster sons
who were put in his care between the
ages of 8 and 13 they told police Ram
had never abused them we tried one last
time to get RAM to speak with us but he
refused
local police conducted surveillance on
Rams home after our encounter but they
didn't find anything unusual and drop
the investigation
every one of you said to me we want some
accountability we want some justice and
we want this not to happen again and
that is the purest motivation that's
possible and I still don't know what the
end result is gonna be I know we found
this guy and I know we're gonna get our
day in court
I think he's you know by all accounts a
very smart guy he's got a good lawyer
he's gonna be doing everything he can
lighthouse in her face
I've sat across the table from a lot of
really bad men before and my experience
is that they lie when they need to lie
right they tell the truth when they have
to tell the truth and they're caught and
they have their own interests at heart
I wouldn't expect this to be any
different but we'll do it and however it
goes down and goes down
you
you
you
