I'm trying not to look too alarmed about
what I'm seeing meanwhile I'm sitting
there with the video camera in my lap
that's turned off thinking this is the
story right here I was going to Thailand
to interview expat Vietnam War vets for
living there about their views on the
bush Kerry election in 2004 presidential
election in the US it was my first video
assignment so I packed up my expensive
camera all my gear flew out there I met
up with a friend of mine who was gonna
help me out I decided I was gonna take a
bus down to the town where these Vietnam
War vets lived which was called patia I
called the main that told him I was on
my way we got on the bus and got out on
her way
we followed the coast and about an hour
into the drive we hit standstill traffic
on the highway and I look around at the
rest of the people on the bus and nobody
seems concerned so that's mostly locals
ten minutes go by 20 minutes go by
we're not really moving and as we get
closer to the town you start to realize
that something weird is going on which
is there are all these trucks and
motorbikes zigzagging through the
traffic and throwing things at the cars
finally one of these trucks which is the
bus that I'm in
this group of kids pulls up next to the
bus it just starts pelting the window
where I'm sitting with the white paste
again I look around sort of alarms and
nobody else seems concerned so I looked
over across the aisle some cron is the
Thai New Year Festival which happens in
April but it turned out that the town of
patia had a Songkran festival that was
so rowdy and out of control that the
officials of the town had decided to
compress what is normally a week-long
festival into a one-day event which
would happen a week after the normal
Songkran festival and that day was the
day I was arriving in Pattaya the
general ritual is there's a white piece
that's supposed to be dabbed on people
as a gentle blessing and water which
symbolises renewal but this festival
evolved into much more of like a rowdy
Mardi Gras Street party I'm getting
anxious were close to an hour late at
this point I call the guy say I'm sorry
what stuck in traffic there's nothing I
can do he said it's okay but the rest of
the vets have gone home by now so
the bus finally pulls over at this gas
station which is apparently the bus stop
that we're looking for so we get off and
look around for a taxi we see a bunch of
taxis parked all along the road but no
taxi drivers in sight anywhere so my
friend Johanna and I go into a big
supermarket and ask around and say you
know we need to get a taxi can anybody
help us find a taxi driver and the
manager of the store actually comes up
and says sure I'll help you call a taxi
he calls on his phone nobody answers he
tells me sorry all the taxi drivers are
off-duty they're all out partying for
the Songkran festival but he says I'm
off in about 10 minutes if you guys want
to wait I could probably give you a ride
so we're like okay we really have very
few options here we wait for the guy to
get off of work we get into his little
sedan and yet again within minutes we
are stuck in standstill traffic half the
town is completely rigid and drunk so
finally we decide this is going to work
either we get out of the car we decide
we're just gonna have to walk so I've
got my expensive camera gear my example
shoulders my friends got the tripod we
head out into the crowd as we're making
our way through this mob on the street I
start to realize that really the only
people there are tylo khals who live
around in the
in the area thai prostitutes because
pathya it turned out is one of
Thailand's sex tourism hotspots and not
only is it known for sex tourism but it
is also known as a place where foreign
pedophiles are known to hang out as
we're walking through these crowds we
start to realize that we are the only
foreign women that I can see for miles
I'm half Chinese I probably could have
blended in a little bit more with my
friend Johanna who is with me is this
cute blonde with bright blue eyes and
just stuck out like a sore thumb so
we're trying to walk through this
belligerent crowd of people and people
just turn and completely zero in on us
like we are the target chasing us down
the street they're surrounding us and
helping us with his piece one guy came
running down the street plugging a
garbage can full of water that he was
trying to throw at us and we just ran we
found a little alley and we ducked
around up against the wall like a cop
chase movie or something just to sort of
gather ourselves meanwhile we are
soaking wet just cover it head to toe in
this pace still carry all this feeling
camaronera
catch our breath we head out again
beeline for this guy's apartment
building and there he is and he's
standing on the sidewalk
clean flowered silk shirt and we just
roll up looking like stray cats that
just went spins like with a bag of flour
and he's like great you made it so we go
into his apartment into the lobby and
sit down on the couches for a second and
meanwhile I start to realize that
there's something really weird happening
in this lobby as well as we're sitting
there just sort of chit-chatting there's
a stream of people going back and forth
from the front door of the apartment
building to the elevators and it's
basically older white men I would say
Americans and Europeans and some rather
young looking Thai boys the apartment
building happened to be in the middle of
Boys Town it's the sort of gay red-light
district but it also happens to be the
place where foreign pedophiles one known
to congregate child prostitution was a
big problem in patia in Thailand in
general and was definitely illegal and
this is happening right in front of her
eyes I'm sitting there chit-chatting
with this guy and I've got my camera in
my lap turned off and I'm just thinking
what I wouldn't give to just turn on my
camera and start recording some of this
I didn't and I didn't because I think I
was afraid I had a really bad feeling
that if I were to try to do that things
would not go well for me we got in the
elevator and went upstairs to the vets
apartment there are actually two young
women about our age because we had taken
so long that we had sort of cut into his
party time and so these two young Thai
women we're waiting for him so that they
could go out on the town afterwards we
set up our camera we sit down and do the
interview and spend about 45 minutes
talking about Senator John Kerry and the
u.s. presidential election and it's just
ridiculous I mean all of this is going
on we're in the centre of Thailand's sex
tourism child prostitution problem and
we're talking about John Kerry and his
Purple Heart it was insane
so we finished the interview it's
getting dark at this point we look out
the window and can just see the lights
everywhere the party's just rolling on
and Joanna and I are thinking how the
hell are we gonna get out of here and we
have to get back to Bangkok the vet was
very friendly I mean he was a nice guy
he said well why don't you just stay in
patia for the night we can all go out
tonight we could all go out and party
Joanna and I just looked at each other
and said there's no way we finally
tracked down an out of town taxi that
drove us almost 100 miles back to
Bangkok that night we just wanted to get
the helmet
you
