for nearly a decade Thailand has been
trapped in a depressing cycle of
violence two groups widely known as the
red shirts and the yellow shirts are
fighting each other for power the red
shirts love the former prime minister
Thaksin Shinawatra a
tycoon-turned-politician who improved
life for the working-class while the
yellow shirts made up of Royalists in
the middle class have had enough of
taxons crony capitalism and are fighting
to rid Thailand of his influence and I
respect my king that's the political war
between these two groups was instigated
in 2006 when a yellow shirt uprising led
to Taksim being ousted in a military
coup for abuse of power and corruption
ever since the reds and yellows have
taken turns of instigating mass protests
to topple their opponents the love and
hate for taxi has been passed down to
his sister Yingluck who is now the Prime
Minister and in November 2013 she
triggered a latest wave of protests
after she tried to clear her brother
Thaksin of corruption charges so that he
could return to Thailand
so far the recent wave of protests has
claimed 23 lives and injured hundreds
more we're walking around the protesters
blocking part of the government complex
they've been here for more than two
months preventing government officials
from going to work blue poppy and today
there's a big round table discussion
going on between the police and those
people because the protesters here have
been given 72 hours to clear so far it
doesn't look like they're about to move
anytime soon fears were growing that
another military coup was looming as
thailand has already had 18 coos in 81
years in LOC tried to defuse the
uprising by dissolving the Parliament
and calling for new elections but the
yellow shirts determined to overthrow
her began a shutdown of Bangkok on
January 13th bringing the capital to a
standstill
they were just negotiations here because
they want you guys to leave the police
wants you to leave but we were not you
will need no you will not leave me don't
want this Britain Prime Minister to
control by PacSun a lot of corruption
and cheating I want her to quit to
resign the Prime Minister position and
we will reform how do you think you will
achieve this change just reform I don't
know but we believe we're going to win
anyway
police will come and shoot me with the
tear gas with the plastic bullet with
the real bullet but we never we never
burn shooting at you you're gonna stay
they've called the protest movement the
PDRC
people's democratic reform committee so
reform seemed to be a big deal
I didn't quite understand what they
meant by so we headed to the main
protest site blocking the city center to
speak to one of their spokespersons it's
like this many people to join the
protest movement well this movement
started from just a small group of
people around to 3,000 people at some
same station on the 31st of October has
grown into a much larger movement a sort
of a nationwide uprising that consists
of people from all segments of society
one second I can I hear a superstar now
it was something I didn't expect but
being a spokesperson obviously my image
gets broadcasted every day's the source
of the problem lies on toxin regime and
people have decided that they have had
enough so they choose to come out and
demonstrate peacefully as you can see
here to reach out touch the regime and
to solve the problem that exists in
Thailand once and for all and we think
that the problem can only be solved
through reform what does this reform
consist of we want to restore democratic
values back to this country
it's completely phase of corrupted
politician using money to buy roads we
have problem of electoral form it's a
fact but these people here for tell
people that the election is not fair and
we have the right to come out to fight
against his call in corrupted regime
this is what we say a cannot was talking
about how democratic and nonviolent they
were but that day his fellow protesters
had sabotage the pre-election by
blocking all 50 polling stations in
Bangkok and many in the south of
Thailand jeopardizing the general
elections the following Sunday they
angered many people who are denied their
vote and human rights organizations
criticized them for being on their
pratik
we're in the middle of the protests and
it's not at all what I had expected it's
like a giant sweet Park do you have
vendor selling t-shirts lots of food
stalls people taking selfies this is
probably the most absurd protest I have
ever been to in my life it's the end of
the second week of the shutdown of Bank
coffee and five days ago the government
declared a state of emergency but so far
nothing seems to have changed while
protesters were making huge profits are
selling merch Thailand's economy was on
its knees it was like a festival with
food stalls and stages
only instead of bonds they have speakers
all your young young is under 1 ohm I
can also homework Mahara charge on for
longer botoxing hi what's in that I
didn't I like ok Roopa they who are
attached on the yellow shirt PDR see our
top leg like former politicians he kept
only recently resigned from the
opposition Democratic Party this has led
many to believe that the anti-government
protests despite claiming to be free
from political influence or do
physicians attempt to get back into
power without elections which they
haven't won for many years
oh no the rule prevent my while the main
protest counts move faster than peaceful
both reds and yellows carry out Nike
attacks against each other so you need
to wear flak jackets now because we're
going to go to the base of the most
radical faction of the protest and
that's where most of the night shootings
have been taking place
the closer we got to the hardline yellow
shirts the more destruction we saw we
just got to the base camp of the NS PRT
the network of students in pinnacle for
we were through the McConnell Hall
follow me violently when TC Tula like an
opponent Iroko calmly with ego but oh
come on Judy
Yacouba can burn you Yoko Marella local
Romina Carmina
Rhoda numbers you can patent you bought
a toy closet are changuk annual quota
Aguada
Amina carnelian McCann Bianco voce Pappy
Rube to the toga Bowie taro Dena Pat the
new bad date I do you Lloyd head that
day one of their leaders were shot and
killed while blocking a polling station
for encoding resolution see with compy
know who original mechana zappers on rye
they wrote only Romania carpet and Yung
Joc a legume called according to a
Canadian bank wanna nail fungal toxin
dandy common sweaty car to bloom
comecome as a Mia's hazama diplopia
pagina later up like two books at Attica
oh my oh happy Navy oh my god
we just heard a big bang the security
people tell us it was a Chinese Crocker
but it wasn't thrown by anyone in here
so somebody's all applied trying to
scare people
that was just scream or so people are
shooting in Nevada for home I just hurt
your shoulder like oh these are in the
ladle turn the light off nobody covers
me hahaha apparently also official
speaker don't firecracker for better
videos 100 gunshots you're just gonna
die here wait it out
I couldn't believe that one moment we
were all lying on the ground hoping
whoever was shooting would an entered
account and right after the crowd got up
and party
as if it was nothing after the yellow
shirt PDRC sabotage of the pre elections
a meeting was held to determine whether
the general election of February 2nd
could go ahead as planned
the protesters try their best to
sabotage the meeting just as they were
pushing forward a shot went off in the
background
inaudible workup what do you do - open
fire back up about you better man up
protesters just brought evidence the gun
man was actually a policeman obviously
we can't confirm this but a little
trophy saying
the protesters were up on the truck
seeing that policeman did it what do you
have to say about that kilo penalty Coco
hiya Geeta Tandon honey
can i buy kiva who the moon
potato thing we found in Canyon Ranch
America take on gang evidence I love you
Tara and he in Korean we have a fight
it was later confirmed that the shooter
was indeed from the police and the
protesters now accused them of being
behind some of the violence it's widely
believed that the police supports taxon
who was once a police lieutenant while
the army is loyal to the king Thais
called and pineapples and watermelons
because although they're both green on
the outside on the inside the army is
yellow and the police is red many
thought the tension between them and
fears of an impending coup was why the
police chose not to forcefully disperse
the crowds it was just announced that
the elections are going to go ahead so
we're going to the red shirt can't see
how they're going to protect the people
trying to vote on Sunday although the
police might be responsible for some of
the violence it's widely believed that
behind the nightly shootings are the
most radical factions of the Pro and
anti-government supporters the yellow
shirt and SPRT whose camp we have
visited the night before and there are
ganymede goaty who leads the militant
red shirts in the north of Bangkok
the anti-government protest cabs they
have all this merch talking about
uni lot and taxes at the red shirt count
they have lots of kin to a young lot of
cards and t-shirt where it says respect
my book and instead of suit at masks
they have taxing us and lots and lots of
red shirt
see you love Yingluck and sucks in here
yeah very much really much whenever I
write acting all right you got Billy
much in the other protest camp they say
really mean things about you look and
taxon how do you feel about that Obama
Pichardo whaddaya mean quad bousillage
film canister dango dango mccarty but
silence like a bow cool me talking like
Wilma traffic seems like maybe demo I
see someone democracy some little time
some boudoir ah
homie con carne Macaulay Tania man
cotton rag nothing to think like this
one that's a pretty easy target for a
drive-by shooting
won't they die to them take a bunion
y'all got your Mac good market P talk
about it uncle Tagalog don't you send
one guy copied on organic well drop by
Wally Pablo goatee is infamous for
having spent time in jail after breaking
Thailand's lese majeste a law that
forbids bad-mouthing the king without
dodging rahmani raheem si Lao Honeyman
no bellowing yeah when being Elohim I am
the anti-government protesters led by
suit s I made a bunch of the man's among
others that they want normal acted
People's Committee they want to get rid
of toxin is mouthing :
what are the amounts of the red shirts
still on how you see they can't come up
come on Omar please long Amelia vocalist
on bar were locked at the hood
implied chastity kissing I am Telling
Sula Bob
Diebenkorn ornament a macho not be
allowed to take a toll on
haja Homa protein aha tiramisu ha ha my
a conical kinga
so ha ha - candy - economy come up when
you burn lands alone - it'll make a hood
double kappa how my good man yo Tyler
would go ahead and clip well Jay put
most of it in line for 2 1 equal Tom
though you nominal got woven tie again
corner in the actual money question and
so they're many big hardest ah ho home
Louis or Hammond a 13:30 how well not
allow cooler when I tell Angela to
develop we have a hot pink Harley so
gallon tank akuma Dinah Lee born an
American one nanohub cantos audience the
time loop am forgiving to the body after
good he had told us that the red shirts
were preparing to take action we wanted
to find out for ourselves so we left
Bangkok to travel up north to Chiang Mai
in lock in taxes hometown or some red
shirts had announced that they were
willing to see Thailand divided shut my
where the red shirts are now rally for
the election which is the polar opposite
of what the protesters about
doing
you don't happen stop boom by myself on
how I have to get there just go talk to
us shut it off
yeah luckily my whole quick comment left
a little thick for my fight and that one
hi locky Italian Maddy we can rack up a
han handling by preparing for you got to
come won't ever make you happy but are
you on your membrane that make you move
through the barn every but that mean I'm
not done before maybe no yummy gummy or
long time until Akari
cause I'm running on her before aside
from being a popular tourist destination
Chiang Mai was like a shrine for the
Shinawatra's
mmm we're a ballute patottie but I
handled whole acting in a way but now
you're indeed Oregon home phone hello
hello despite allegations of wide scale
corruption and crony capitalism everyone
we met eagerly awaited taxes returned
from his self-imposed exile topic hoodie
walking all day ready to table
ee-ha attacker what if I may I need a
hundred other body habitus hopeful to
have a mobile hot cow to a me child me
Elena we searched our house Hamza took
Eva Mahesh hood magnitude for dunya
momadunc metaphor I'm Catholic
yeah main male type all the way here a
big chunk of toxin and Yingluck
supporters of farmers and Yingluck
sports hi party won the last election
partly because of a popular rice subsidy
scheme buying rice from farmers at a
higher price now however it's a big
disaster because farmers haven't been
paid since the Parliament assault and
have started joining the protest so we
headed out to the rice fields to see
what the mood was has the government
paid you for your rice yet yeah look I
never dull a young yum I died young
young man my mind might be too damn talk
for whom kyon oppa bona fide I know how
I know but who died you have been how
come Nana my dick Tina go home
honk mommy hey Cole I know have any
farmers in this area protested against
government how man honey mommy but but
who I don't know are you still going to
vote for Yingluck the ocular huh but
how'd you fail you die your waiter
tessina
my mill Parliament wait - eleda move
Logano
so my friend Irma chewy muchacha a big
reason for why the party party won the
last election was because they were
appealing to these people but if you
don't pay them you're gonna have a lot
more to worry about
then some protesters in Bangkok and we
got back to Bangkok the day before the
election we heard something was going
down in an area called Black Sea yellow
shirts were blocking the district office
where substantial amount of ballot
papers were kept angry red shirts led by
Coty we're heading towards them
shut up maybe play he told me why you're
protesting today I'm a father good
he bought my meal I'm a gamble not me
guys honey
Oh suddenly the protesters attacked the
car
that's happening but we hearing some Big
Bang explosion we caught the guy who
threw the second explosive
not really sure if this is a good place
to stand by guess it's better than the
eat over there Jesus was not even 10
meters away from where we're standing
can really smell the fumes we still
don't know who was in the car that was
attacked but we do know that - probably
homemade bombs were thrown the police is
here now who knows what's going on so
we're not up the road from the red
shirts and the PDRC are still here
blocking some polling stations they're
still partying
never mind the bomb solution change
please ray our main office to keep a
balance know if we block here we're
gonna allow anybody can inside to take
Bala come on out to attack us and attack
the Bala
how so you're gonna stay here and look
the main polling station where all the
ballot papers are no matter what yes
Gabriel bracket but there are women and
children here probably meant to keep
them inside for safety outside your
tower for a mentorian apparently the red
shirts are moving up here now okay it
looks like there's gonna be a standoff
further down the road where the
explosions had just gone off things
started escalating a truckload of PDRC
yellow shirts drove straight into the
intersection where the red shirts work
out
both sides clashed throwing rocks and
small explosives at each other
then the yellow started shooting
both would hand guns in a machine gun
that a PDRC guard had concealed in a
popcorn bag the police and army were
present but instead of intervening they
ducked for cover eight people were
injured including a photojournalist
later that night the yellow shared PDRC
declared that they would not block any
polling stations during the election and
instead announced the national picnic
day this is the morning of the election
day the PDRC are already blocking
polling stations blocking the polling
station despite the tab or saying that
the PRC would not be blocking any
publications happy but I don't wanna be
you know I thank you because I am
already answer one did I get mad I'm
down below Dona de Lima are you worried
that any violence will happen here but
only a little chuckle my bad I like the
doctor bill Omega cos with me
at another polling station the police
had built a blockade between the
hundreds of people who wanted to vote
and the PDRC
it looked like he was going to get hairy
so to avoid chaos the polling station
was closed down and the PDRC lab having
succeeded with their mission with the
yellows gone the voters and red shirts
stormed in demanding to her but no staff
and no ballots made it impossible
despite the yellow shirts blockades
most polling stations were able to
operate normal this one seems really
seized for people of voting no protest
belief or anything the protesters are
boycotting the elections because if they
are not legitimate what do you think
about their claims so bland and exciting
up in town they'd have a no absolute on
ba and Karen's on flap delivery medium
and Minho vodka
yeah a time stops I hope we get another
one so there's less than an hour left of
the elections and it seems pretty
peaceful aside from that shooting we saw
earlier we're back at the main protest
area where thousands of people are
supposedly celebrating national picnic
day we're gonna see what that's like
we visited two polling stations this
morning and both of them were blocked by
PDRC protesters how do you explain that
when you said that you wouldn't be
blocking any where people are not
obliged to follow order from the PDRC
leaders these people rights have been
violated by the regime for 13 years so
now they're feeling a lot of anger
against this regime against his
government yesterday we were in Luxy and
there was a shooting it was reported
that it was members of the PDRC that
were holding the machine guns I can
confirm that they are not PDS e-cards we
don't know who they are but they're not
PDS ecards why do you think they were
firing at Ranchers
mom so I'm sure that there needs to be
fact findings about the incident
happened yesterday but you know we need
to find out the facts we're in charge of
using those weapons because we don't
agree with the use of force and as I've
said we will cooperate any authorities
who find out those who are responsible
those who use the arms I cannot seem
nervous
maybe because the shooter who used the
popcorn sack to hide his rifle had been
identified as a PDRC guard and is now a
yellow shirt hero
the election is over for now but we
won't know the album for at least a few
weeks
either way the elections coming changed
anything
the protests are ongoing and so is the
conflict between those who support tax
in India and those who want return
despite the general election going ahead
more or less peacefully the real winners
were the yellow shirts they successfully
blocked voting in 28 constituencies
leading to the election being an old by
the Constitutional Court and Yingluck is
facing impeachment with the red shirts
mobilizing and intensifying their
threats of civil war there seems to be
no end in sight to the bloodshed between
the taxes rights and the Royalists
yellow
you
