Thomas Morton went to war-torn Syria and
saw that the Kurdish people there are
setting up their own autonomous state
this is his debrief it was extremely
scary it was probably the most scared
I've ever been in my life
embarrassingly came after a moment of
not just perfect calm but irresponsible
for avala day and that I was like we
were all kind of doing something stupid
on a battlefield because we'd gotten
comfortable to actually been there for
30 or 40 minutes and acclimated so i
snapchatting a turkey the camera guy I
was texting somebody none of us were
really prepared for anything of that
sort to happen so it caught us very much
by surprise too that's exactly what that
sound was wasn't it
and it's just less this sound than it
feels like just like the shape of the
air just kind of changes for a second
it's almost like like like a supersonic
EE goes past your ear and I certainly
wouldn't have identified it with a
bullet if we hadn't been with somebody
who had been in a warzone before and
then had bullets come at them and maybe
I wouldn't have freaked out as much
maybe I would be blissfully unaware and
that wouldn't even have made it into the
video
that may have been the closest call we
have no clue how close that bullet was
to us and whether or not somebody was
actually trying to shoot at us or if it
had just kind of slipped through from
the front lines being at the front lines
though was kind of just like an extended
closed called and it didn't quite click
until there's this line of trees and the
snipers were on the other side of the
trees and so as long as we're behind the
trees that felt like we were safe but
then there were to be these gaps in the
trees that we had to run across first
time we ran across those it's the first
step of it was like very fun but the
second like second or third step and
realized a you're not playing a game
like B you're not gonna outrun a bullet
C you're probably not running fast
enough you're not running as fast as the
other soldiers D they've just run in
front of you so you're the third person
there be very easy to shoot you and then
you started thinking about E which is
you're not even gonna like hear anything
or have any warning when you get shot
like just something something horrible
is gonna happen to your neck and then
the next three or four seconds are gonna
be like you dying in terror and pain in
Syria in the dirt so far the biggest
support that's been provided by the West
is basically this sort of wink-wink
moral support
it's a tricky subject especially if it
of the United States one of the United
States biggest allies in the Middle East
is Turkey and turkeys got a real problem
with their own Kurds a lot of them don't
consider them their own distinct ethnic
group they are denied a lot of the same
civil rights and basic human rights that
they were denied in Syria under Assad
it's big issue and so America can't
really throw its full weight behind the
Kurds because in doing so they would
completely piss off Turkey the coast
turkey sees the Kurds a lot of trucks
see the Kurds as their enemies ergo
there's a lot of lip service paid to the
Kurds as a lot of very careful support
given morally and politically but not so
much in the material realm you know see
American guns out there you see a lot of
ak-47s and other stuff that's been
funneled in and bought from who knows
where we done a a piece previously about
the Kurds where we'd gone specifically
to see women fighting and what we'd
gotten was kind of what felt like a show
battalion these women came out they did
their drills for us they didn't do them
very well and it kind of made us wonder
if you know these legendary female
fighters of the Kurds were actual
fighters or if it was just something
that they used to like set themselves
apart from the rest of the Middle East
that surrounds them but out on the
battlefields there were women out there
me just showed up so it was pretty clear
at least to me that they hadn't been you
know shipped out there for us to see
this wasn't staged for the media this
was actually the status quo on the front
lines or were women mixing with men in
pretty much equal parts right now they
kind of already have their own country
in northern Iraq they're part of the
bigger Iraq but it's a federation so
it's you think about in American terms
it's kind of like they're their own
States but with a little more power and
they're a state who runs the rest of the
country in Syria they've sealed off
their borders they've kept out the war
they've kept out not just Assad's regime
fighters but the members of FSA and
stuff who have turned jihadi and turned
anti Kurd there they've locked down
their country and basically has been
working on the infrastructure within
that's a it's good a first step towards
realizing nationhood probably a better
one then like declaring it outright in a
sneaky sort of way they kind of already
have their own country there they're
functioning like their own country it's
just a matter of international
recognition and what happens with the
rest of Syria to see whether they become
like the Kurds in northern Iraq who just
kind of run the rest of Iraq like they
do that in Syria or if they become like
a truly independent Kurdish state in the
middle of what used to be Syria and
maybe join with Iraq and become an even
bigger turned state which is the
ultimate goal even though a lot of
people are pretty cagey about saying
because it would rain the whole weight
of Turkey and Iran
Iran and Turkey hey
