hi it's Thomas I'm in Syria at a
training camp for Kurdish teenage girl
guerilla fighters its Riordan general
singing women fighters for me but I'm
especially weird seeing this young these
are essentially teen girls and they're
kind of just like teen girls to someone
with pink scrunchies
really says something about a country is
resolved when it's not just every
able-bodied male but every able
body that's some nation-building truth
spot right there
what spa don't like it the same here
what all training do you learn what kind
of things do you want to do cross the
ocean Dignan Astana sea life that can be
given certain women who autistic Anu
what did you do before you join the
white bitch I were you in school the
volumen on your knee my mocked-up haunt
and bother me to me good bahunam a
selected be answer to be I only kissed
my bottom as well
good good Mahara kotoha Shopaholic
attends no Mahara gotta react a Rasta
and in yo yo le boo me an even more
buttery good media hora good I'm
gullible I've had a guitar hasta water
yo-ho-ho smooth as a table the hair
Academy
damn you gotta starve a cream do you
think they'll ever be a full grader
Kurdistan a unified Kurdistan I had a
get look how to get the imagine how to
get to you Peggy how good I'm but hoping
I'll get on Palestine to get you lookin
I thought she was gonna I thought that
right now we've all got our guns trained
on Terry
maybe it's a little foreshadowing what's
next after Syria I think this really
answers the question of who's gonna win
this battle is it gonna be the Islamists
who want to put their women in sheets
and keep them off the roads and in the
kitchen or the Kurds were already
training their teenage girls for war
