we're about to go see a rhino BD Horne
out here on jon Hamm's ranch he's about
400 Rhino that he's breeding so if UD
horn a rhino and you cut it at the right
place that horn can grow back and they
say it doesn't even harm the Rhino so
there's I don't know it looks like 50 or
60 rhinos over there and there's white
pickup truck with sure supposed to find
and meet up with humans team did you hit
it yeah I just want to see whether the
drug went in or not sometimes the dog
will go in and get a skid plug it
started with a dark and then then you
John gets injected into the system and
then they get sedated and then we do you
want them it's going down if the animal
is really distressed little vocalize
your screen free gun
they look completely panicked to me and
then I'll adjust my dosage I think
there's an alarm there's something
definitely wrong then I'll wake the myth
is seems like it's moving it's kicking
its legs definitely feeling is going
it's locked up in your fingernail right
ya just gotta hold the cat down order to
get the paw fingernails just like call
the baby down all the Rhino now they I
don't know sleeping so they don't know
it yeah yeah you're on go on and eat
yeah it's like what's going on I don't
have an ax ya have a horn anywhere short
their nose I have chosen not to go the
hunting because I say the way to do it
is never to kill her owner if we were
allowed to sell the Rhino home that we
take off a live runner and leave it
alive no farmer would ever want to kill
her honor and when I argue with my peers
and I say don't kill the runner save it
in its life you can take off 60 kilos of
horn you killing it for eight kilos
those people say don't be mad we need
cash to run our business what am I going
to do with your 60 kilos of horn in fact
it's a danger to me and my staff because
we can be add up we can be murdered for
that warm why would somebody want this
until about 30 years ago it was not
possible for a landowner to own liners
they then allowed private owners to have
runners and it was the price on the head
that made it viable for farmers to breed
them and it is now a huge industry in
this country hunters will tell you that
if we hunt an animal it will never go
extinct because we'll just breed more
and more and more this is a pretty
bizarre world bizarre world and
unfortunately the Reiner is the sufferer
you
