Oh
at least 24 people were shot and injured
between late Saturday afternoon and
early Sunday morning
please believe most shootings were gang
or drug related 34 Chicago students
killed almost 300 wounded in the past
year
well my name is dr. Anthony Chalmers I'm
the principal here at Monte few are a
school we are the only school in the
Chicago Public School System come on
the main diagnosis is emotionally
behavior disturbed and then a lot of it
is just aggression not know what key top
stones come on down knocked away so
they're just out of control you know cuz
I guess the home situation that we don't
have control over it take some extra
time to settle down stop running get
this girl don't do just man don't
puja man a lot of my friends when I told
him you know describe the stuff that I
have to do throughout the day you know
they
me like I'm crazy I know if a student
that was arguing with another student
and turned his back and that kid put out
a gun and shot him in his back you know
and that kid died you know and it said I
know other kids that have actually done
crimes you know real criminal crimes
that have gotten them locked up for
years you know I know kids that have
actually killed people so the structure
that we try to give them here you know
it's only so much you know it's only so
much that we can do in the school all
right take a sheet of paper and sit down
I'll tell you guys in algebra
what were you be doing in substitution
of value are you going to be reading
such as understanding it says M plus 7
is the value of n then they give the
problem n plus 3 so what is in what wait
hold up wait a minute date with some
cabinet event Hardaway I mean what am I
giving you a hard went down case I know
I don't know what you're talking about
so what am I going to talk to do
Matthew what am I going to substitute
what am I going to change alright how
should I go about doing it Jenna ah
you should always start on this side of
the problem first on the left side what
should I do a racer - I mean awesome is
equal to three I can't see it put on you
alone is done you probably could okay
come on put some problems on the boy
I'll show you you you give you
a buck you thank you you compute em I
don't know how to do the process
take your coat off that's why you don't
know how to do the problem take the coat
off take the coat off take the coat off
well now you will get it at the end they
take the coat off take the coat off I'm
asking you to take the coat off
one more time monk you get it okay
go get it you gonna get it yup children
database up here you're a dumb bird have
a seat
freaking alright go back on don't break
it yes
bring that you're ready going to jail
Oh get away from me Oh get away from me
no really by chaining that number did
you know what to do think that
Montreal's you know what to do this time
here you want to comfy and work
I said all we do is substitute values
what six times two you go multiply 4
times 4 what is 4 times 4
Hey he asked what is would you be quiet
well I'd like to see you gonna pay and
do one of these from talking stops walk
home
nice place that's all my dear mommy it
didn't kill you but didn't I tell you
earlier today I said are kill I said I'd
do I got
after that do that talk to you that way
and I would appreciate it if you did not
talk I do not curse at you have I ever
cursed at you yes I have never yells at
you yes you have at you know that's not
true
you want to force quit your dance floors
what 6 7 1 is 1 plus 3 96 now you go get
a little bit hard
I grew up similar to a lot of these kids
and it would be wrong with me not to try
to show in our manager the right way to
do things because people did that for
him they don't want to feel threatened
restraint is used in special education
but it's only supposed to be used when
it's necessary that they're becoming a
threat to themselves or others that's
when they'll rank you so everything else
has to be with your mouth you have to be
able to talk them out of something all
this stuff we're doing now you in teams
will be out here today okay you're going
on all this stuff and next year we're
gonna depend on you to run it okay
that's why are we doing this all right
that's what I'm asking for you
okay do what he say it's gonna be all
right patient is the main thing you
already know they got problem so you
don't take things personally I don't
take thing person because if I did I can
come up with here from day one life does
not penetrate therefore beneath the
ocean surface did you know that no we
knew that organism that needs organism
we already know must live near the
surface of the ocean when they say
organism what do they mean by weight is
97 what does a monolithic why are you
playing
place what game would you please sit
down Oh Lord be to the school okay okay
oh I did o'clock my momma I can't stand
a little boy
my name is crystal I'm 14 I'm in this
behavior school because I have bad
behavior I'm disrespectful I
I broke a teacher's arm broke her wrist
up to here and like four days later they
made a police report and they put me on
probation for three months tell me okay
what I'm doing
help me fix this remember in between you
they might narrow right in there I'm not
sure to make light because that's the
way the Prudential is so you've got you
just go in between there with this I'm
not gonna do it if I do it I'm gonna
mess up and then I'm gonna throw out my
picture crystal sweet as pie but life is
already over unless some divine
intervention takes place their children
are disabled emotionally they already a
statistic life is already determined for
them it's the saddest thing I've ever
seen in my life it gives you the number
every time I put it in your view I know
I mean Dixie tail look everything was D
D D F F F F F you haven't been to school
in one week now you gotta F now if you
want to take that path in life that's
your choice but I'm gonna fight why you
live with me I'm gonna keep on fighting
for me and for you back to her stabbing
needle that was the second time she
stabbed that boy you know the first time
we talked about it what is the boy doing
to her last time I said none was because
he said calling me like a dog he said
you know you wanted he's provoking this
hello then I had a pencil in my hand and
I'm like what and I went to his face on
my doing again he did it again and I
just had what I keep on hearing is they
provoked me they provoked me nothing's
being done about it so if they provoked
me I get tired of it then I'm gonna
misbehave because then she's crying out
somebody help me maybe that's the only
way that child knows how to express
themself at that moon
that's the only way they know how to say
I need your attention because I'm asking
you and you're not listening to me that
I need help but you're not it's not
going it's not going through but this is
the only way I know how to do it it'll
be hard for me to say crystal please
stop wound up you say you to me
okay
and I get upset I get disrespectful so
ain't nobody gonna change that I mean I
control it sometimes but when I met I
met during those times when you're mad
and you're being disrespectful what's
mr. Robertson supposed to do should he
stand there and let you be disrespectful
to him what should he do you do what you
got to do if he has to suspend me since
this money okay typically what we do try
to do here is really walk it out talk it
out and figure out how can we not
suspend the student how can we keep the
student here so the student can be
learning because we know what kind of
population we're dealing with and we
really want more than anything to try to
get them to learn the right things to do
so they can't be productive because we
want you here learning your mother wants
you here learning what you are here to
do is try to get it together so that you
can potentially go to a regular high
school hey cuz I'm on it I'm on stretto
Chris I know let me watch the harder one
I'll just trying to grow you talk smart
go get up just not your bitch as
much I'm just letting you know shut up
don't touch me you can't tell what the
 don't watch your mouth
Sam shut up
two laps now let's move it you just got
to get the meanness out of them I've
been told that they full of so
longer they feel it and told him that
they nasty so long they feel it they
totally dumb so long they fit it spanky
do it again
come on Spanky take a deep breath let's
do it come on man let's just the second
day do it now blast it back fast as you
can come on come on there you go second
bar now go get him up Antonio get him up
keep the feet up keep your feet up feet
up straight hey come on
Tonio go come on when you ready when you
ready come on you got to do it just go
come on you got it
go do it there you go come on slinky
come on Spanky go all right don't let
them drop the next one all right there
you go
everybody here right here together you
can't be mad at the next man if you do
you ain't a team it's life ain't fair
that's why you had my knee feet okay all
right come on everybody
one two three hey go when they come in
it got attitude they feel as though the
world is against them
I'll go let's get you back to your
render school I don't want to see you
here no matter this ass do too much
heroes that down watch where you
waste my uation to get way over there
stop he's gonna carry my face exactly
what he telling you he always does I
want to sleep in there never so not tell
you what but you getting cold but you
can't go all right Ella quit talking
this Oh Oh walk away my name is
Cortez 14 I just like to fight I just
would be my main focus on when I come to
school i PL home thinking about I want
to fight tomorrow
so I I'll play I'm start to fight off
get in front of me I'll walk up to the
person why one fight and person will see
it in Osseo do you do
not my face boy I'm not playing with you
dummy go I'm coming my face didn't go no
I always try to hurt real bear or turtle
making my baby for some that's the only
reason I'll fight there's my new bitch
what I should already come on this
little bitch at this is my new bitch bro
Tim how much spit on Kristen
jus spit on me who's right then I went
and they came over here custom little
you know my wife
what was I oh my god
pump let you bitch and bitch I need you
want Oh Sato bitch ass off more know
what come on Freddie Mac which isn't
done ha ha ha ha
I think I got him in here yes I want to
fight right here like their home again
watch Rhea get it they sold on
glad like you talk though I stuck it
where's any hey toy get away rocky steps
just gonna go through them laughter let
me so well come on come on my mama loves
classic Tommy broke though that's what I
don't why here - yeah this boy I want
you kissing me don't you know you ought
to send the power usage to our ward in
Chicago
Oh word in Chicago
ah Derek hang all the stop-off this girl
cocktails to fight get out okay listen
listen no no yeah
yeah
every one of you sit down
I won't take your whole bump right to
the Clarice's you don't care but I will
care do you understand what I'm saying
now get down in the seat Oh get down lap
down
get down us eat me more put yourself in
Megan I watch our dough hey you watch
out don't make you sick yeah yeah yeah
go for real forget the whole bitch ass
oh man don't sit down
good morning my name is Reverend Robin
Hood I'm a local school council member
at Montefiore oh that's been a problem
getting students here through the office
of special services so we want to get to
the bottom of this today most of the
murders that happen and take place in
the city of Chicago are usually kids
between the ages of 12 and 18 years old
they have special needs CPS need to get
this message today loud and clear I've
been a friend of the school for 20 years
fighting to keep the school open because
of the service it was so great for the
kids and there's a young man right there
like he's about 16 from the light ain't
in school there's 925 usually they hang
in front of the stores they the selling
drugs or buying drugs all the data shows
that at least there are four thousand
kids - six thousand kids that can
benefit from a school like male Fiori
always hitches
this may be the only meal of the day
some of them may not have food in the
house at all because many of their
parents they were teens drugs and Baba
before for these kids do the same thing
if not have its own tongue ariz when you
can't look at them in a tie okay tell me
people go yeah I'm learning about them
he's cooler than half no you what you
have yeah smoking a lot smoking a lot of
water we your mama let you go oh wow if
you was in a regular public school
you'll be in jail right now people being
jammed rubber hood yes he fall on Easter
everybody got guns be careful because if
you want to do the shooting or killing
on the stabbing you've gone for anywhere
between 50 to 100 years if you fourteen
and you get caught up and you get sixty
years then make it how old when you get
out of jail
60 plus 40 60 plus 14 60 Plus 10 6 plus
10 is how much you know you get out of
74 you get in something because somebody
say ABCD somebody looked at my girl
somebody stepped on my foot somebody
disrespected me ain't worth it my little
sister she got beat the dog my brother
was killed on 16th Street and the
all-black minivan he got shot by his
friend setting him up over some money
and my dad locked up for murder day he
did try to rob a stole and then his
girlfriend tricked on him and told him
where he was at
how long's he going to be away for its
life right now
we had a Cortes house
he has been pulling wool over all I his
head us thinking that he was actually on
medication taking his medication but we
found out this this evening that he
haven't been and he's been faking it I
get your mama wake up you're on you
don't understand the repercussions I'm
gonna make you understand the night
though
go go go get your medicine leave that on
up
go get your medicine go get go get the
medicine your dad that's the make me go
to sleep so I'm not gonna take that and
we gotta get this stuff straight cuz you
just can't walk around with no medicine
telling much you got some medicine you
know who will get in trouble huh he
ain't understanding there what they
gonna do it's called DCFS on your mom
okay that's what they're how you don't
tell me man I'm telling you what they're
gonna do they're gonna call on her and
say she ain't doing what she's supposed
to be doing for you I need you to know
that this is real this is for real so
you need to understand the seriousness
of this
good morning you know I hate to say this
mama I know you think he's scared your
baby baby in here no baby no more you
know I could tell you done a great job
with him to the best of your ability you
know but now it's time for him to uh fit
in the footsteps of a young man when we
had the meeting on the phone you had
indicated to us that he hadn't had his
medicine since March of 2013 and what I
say to all parents I'm not a big
advocate of medicine but there are some
children who do need that support your
son is one it was bad on my behalf too
because I wouldn't take him go get it
but I was also going through things with
my sister who I stay with now so it was
like I was from house to house the house
and I really couldn't just like focus I
just had to focus on myself a roof over
here he's been extremely aggressive
defiant non-compliant not completed any
work he'll come up in my face at home
queue up I'm gonna I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna do that and he's letting he's very
kind of me he's like right here angry I
mean he is angry the veins sticking out
of his neck eighth graders you should
see him they just run around the room I
might have somebody jump on top of a
desk Oh class
I mean coaches isn't by himself but he
will initiate things kids they don't
receive proper treatment they getting in
a lot of trouble with the law you know
and I know you don't want your son at
the juvenile detention center he's like
dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde
all that's going down uncle tears
because his father have 86 years in
prison he doesn't have a father figures
just me second count my two boys one
last time you got a chance to see him
mmm hello huh do you ride him keep it in
essence 2005 he just wrote him like lash
up Oh what am i doing on the scene you
want to see him yeah you want to go see
your father
I'll help you go sale would you like to
go see how I help you go Sam and I do
that for you
this is my daughter she's been missing
for a week if you see oh could you
please call that number
