so here on the other side of the
Bosphorus in Istanbul and just behind me
tens of thousands of people are getting
in some last-minute rallying for the CHP
the opposition party now everyone here
is having a good time to play music
they're selling things we'll see what
happens to them good time tomorrow
during the election
before the elections we met with members
of vote and Beyond a citizen watchdog
group that is tasked themselves with
eliminating voter fraud in Turkey so
this voluntary group is working at the
selection day and they are keeping the
votes safe let's say this is yeah
because the things that we heard before
like four years ago and before also the
the parties the political parties were
cheating during the elections so they
were keeping the boxes and to another
place and they were changing the what's
in it or they're burning the box that
they didn't want or they are putting
their what's in it so then we heard lots
of stories that happened before how many
how many members of vote and Beyond are
there there are 33,000 volunteers plus
the loggers for each school I think it's
around thousand to something so how will
they cheat there are ways of there are
everywhere it's like unbelievable that
Devils never having males from the
center of bottom beyond that any how
they can she's at the door they are
waiting okay this is on our watch okay
pre-prepared but and it's a vote it on
our cap and take this go in Brienne and
bring the empty one put this one into
the box if you bring me the empty one I
will give it three hundred so it's
carrots boats and three hundred lira is
a lot so you have six people in your
family which is rice saying three
children you know that's really good
money so how do you guys stop that
behind every ballots we decide on the
left corner that we will make
stamp cool stuff wherever you want and
there are randomly but a specific place
that we will arrange at that time so
anything before mates will have a
different stamp somewhere else
so by the time we open it up well know
which I do it fake ones and we'll just
take them out and they will not be
counted so you and your associates are a
huge thorn in the akp side they have to
they have to get past you if they want
to cheat that's right
are you guys worried about threats or
violence or anything we're yeah it can
happen one years ago technology was not
the same now almost everyone in Turkey
has an iPhone and everybody is obsessed
with recording and sharing and that's
what the beautiful position of Internet
that's why he's trying to close down
YouTube and Twitter because now whatever
he does you just post it and the moment
that it something happens in far other
city I know it that's a big power see
you tomorrow
see you tomorrow
so it's the day the elections here in
Turkey and because of the elections
daylight savings time was postponed so
we ended up getting down here an hour
early like idiots but we want to be here
early because we want to see what vote
and Beyond has in store for election
monitoring so we're gonna head down to a
local school where a polling station is
set up and see what happens
the voting is started but the principal
this school is not letting us in so our
friend is trying to get this order with
the police the police are telling us
we've got to go to some election
committee and get paperwork if we want
to come in and film this is the first
we're hearing about it because it seems
like no one really knows what you need
to do to come in just feels like the guy
doesn't want to let us in each stage
that media can get
so vote and beyond just brought up
paperwork and show the principal that we
are in fact allowed to go in and film so
they're finally letting us in
it seems pretty crowded in here yes it
is how are things we came here very late
in the morning and we prepared
everything the boxes and you know we
count them and we check everything is
real or fake so everything just seems
really cool and going smooth and all our
volunteers are working at the boxes
and it's seems like I think he's good
now
you haven't seen anybody trying to sell
ballots yet no that's it
you think that'll happen every person
who comes in here shows their ID they
sign on the line the both monitors have
stamps on the on the ballots so they
know that they came from here they're
not pre-written and then once you come
in you can go into the booth write your
belt in secret and then you cast one for
your local government and one for the
larger municipality so we just left the
neighborhood of Tapani
which is a cultural center it's a bit
wealthier and we're told by people that
have contested in terms of the voting we
want to check out a poor neighborhood
which is primarily Muslim to see how the
AKP handles their polling stations
Wow it's much more crowded in here
so we're getting the same story here
that we got at the last polling station
but this time it's a little different as
soon as we get here we're told that we
can't film here we're not allowed but
our film crew goes in talked to the
crystal of Knoxville police shows them
our paperwork and says the law actually
says we can be here but then the
principal said to us and its really
violated already today two fights have
broken out between rival political
parties so we asked for a personal favor
that we not film and that we leave can
you introduce yourself your name and
what you're doing
normally I'm a chef cooking stuff but
today I'm volunteer in this building I'm
responsible of this building basically
we are trying to protect roads for
cheating how's it been going
it's okay till now but the I mean there
are 32 rooms 32 boxes and we have 32
volunteers
but I mean we try we are not official
we are just volunteers have you noticed
any fraud or anyone trying to do
anything shady yeah sometimes for
example it's not allowed to talk to
person who's voting during the works
process sometimes people are trying to
talk we saw people try to affect to the
others we saw that makes the place a
little bit like tense
all right well we're in Hajj you
should've this is poor districts we're
told that it's known for crimes drugs
the polling stations we've been to so
far have been so ridiculously over
packed that it seems like the monitors
are gonna have a really hard time of
trying to keep track of all the votes
that are coming through and at this
school we're told that the monitors are
running back and forth between the room
because there's not enough people here
now we're hearing across the country
reports of voter fraud which means some
of the monitors are still being able to
do their job but the question is now are
they going to be able to catch all of
the fraud that's coming through and will
that be enough for the party that losses
are they just gonna say it was fraud
anyway
this is gonna done volleys john laguna
spoke to someone from the bdp the
Kurdish party who'd gone into a fight
upstairs with one of the monitors
everyone's frantic they eject him from
the building and we come and talk to him
and it's actually really sad he's saying
that his people are illiterate and they
don't know how to stamp the ballots and
he's trying to show them but the
monitors come out and they're scared
that he's trying to rig the election
he's trying to convince people who
aren't smart enough to vote for the
party he wants
so everybody's desperately trying to
fight to make their country a better
place but they're so scared of his fraud
that they're fighting against each other
it's it's definitely a good thing that
the monitors are here to make sure
there's no fraud and then everything
everything is on the up-and-up
but then it's just sometimes these
fights break out it's kind of sad we're
just getting back from a few polling
stations as soon as we got back to
Taksim Square tons of riot police are
here with vehicles I've never seen
before and they're lining up all on the
west side of the square some people are
saying that it's going to get intense
some people are saying nodal protest the
police are certainly ready for it so
only time will tell
finally been able to talk our way into
the polling station to see the boats
being counted and already we can smell
burning paper because some of the votes
that are no good are getting burnt up
but now we're gonna go see what's going
on after all of the votes are counted
and verified in the polls they get
driven to an election center where
they're dropped off and then they can be
officially reported
once that happens all we can do is sit
back and watch the numbers come in on
the TV we're a few hours in watching the
elections get counted now and it looks
like the AKP has the clear majority in
the general elections but it's too early
to tell if Istanbul Ankara and Izmir are
gonna go one way or the other and those
are the big cities that they have to win
watching TV
seems like same old same old like any
election you'd watch in the u.s. it's
kind of weird watching the elections
because it's so calm after we just came
from the polling stations where conflict
was breaking out in the East we've heard
that people have been attacked there's
nine deaths reported so far hundreds of
arrests this is happening all across the
country then you watch the TV and it's
same old same old
so it's the morning after the municipal
elections here in Turkey and the night
has passed peacefully the police have
left Taksim Square peacefully and
according to the local news outlet here
yet the AKP has won the general election
but they've also won two of the most
important cities in Turkey Istanbul and
Ankara now although the opposition lost
out of 52 million eligible voters 92%
came out to vote so it definitely seems
like the people of Turkey are waking up
and getting active in politics at the
same time that's a large amount of
people to come out for change and not
get it so even though we see the streets
calm and peaceful it doesn't mean we're
not going to see protests happen in the
coming days weeks or even months
