it's Monday March 31st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
thousands of protesters rallied on the
streets of the haitian capital
port-au-prince over the weekend calling
for the resignation of president michel
martelly Martelli faces criticism from
several opposition factions that say
he's not doing enough to curb hunger or
to combat cholera Haiti has suffered
more than 7,000 cholera deaths since the
2010 earthquake which is when
researchers believe the disease was
brought to Haiti by Nepalese UN workers
Martelli also known by his stage name
sweet micky was a pop singer before
being elected to office in 2011
the United Nations in the African Union
have voiced increasing concern over
recent violence in Sudan's Darfur region
clashes in recent weeks between the
government and the rebel forces have
displaced hundreds of thousands of
people complicating the distribution of
much-needed humanitarian aid newly
released satellite images produced by
the humanitarian watchdog group
satellite Centennial project showed
devastated villages in close proximity
to Khartoum supported Janjaweed fighters
some analyst have accused the Sudanese
military and the government of President
Omar al-bashir of war crimes a charge
bashir's top aide dismissed as nonsense
to Spanish journalists who were
kidnapped six months ago by the Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria or Isis have
returned to Spain where they were
finally reunited with their families
javier espinosa and ricardo garcia
villanova were abducted in Syria's
eastern province of Rucka back in
September while they were trying to
leave the country the reporters were
handed over to Turkish authorities over
the weekend those believe dozens more
Western captives are still being held by
the Islamic militant group please were
made for the release of the journalists
by their families but also by the
militant website the honey Network which
regularly carries al-qaeda communicates
in a statement the honey Network
referred to the two as men who risked
their lives to report the truth former
heavyweight boxer Vitali Klitschko has
announced that he is withdrawing from
the ukrainian presidential elections he
said he will be throwing his support
behind the candidacy of the so-called
chocolate king billionaire Petro
poroshenko klitschko's withdrawal makes
the May twenty-fifth election a two-way
race between poroshenko and former Prime
Minister Yulia Tymoshenko the election
comes amidst growing tension between
Kiev's western back in term government
and Russia Russia has been mobilizing
its troops along Ukraine's eastern
border
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
reason they want the interior minister
to step down is because they're angry
that they lost their army in crime here
and that they gave up Crimea without a
shot fired
