this is the euro Madonna it's the focal
point of all of the protests that were
happening here against the previous
government in Ukraine but they've stayed
on since the government has changed and
now they're dealing with the
consequences of Crimea having been taken
by Russia right now there's actually
some people on the square talking about
Crimea and it's interesting to know what
the reaction here in Kiev has been to
events down there
these are all of the protesters who died
during the protests against the previous
government
right now they're chanting down with one
of the ministers of the interim
government so they just told everybody
to go to the Parliament to demand that
the Minister they're unhappy with step
down there
so maybe today isn't just a regular day
for protesting because this is a really
big crowd hasn't been around like this
outside of Parliament for a couple of
weeks at little point and they want to
break in they want the interior minister
to step down it's really tense because
the people at the door don't want to let
anybody through because they think more
chaos is exactly what the Putin
government wants get the people outside
here they think that this government
it's in action has to go and they wanted
to be replaced with somebody against the
Russian invasion robbery war another
cross the production war people reach
the shore newsroom where the crimes
database boil but she knew them from
Dartmouth alum is delayed approached on
a press tour that she claims the labels
boy sued adjudicated that until the drug
communicate teachers turbo bravissimo
when they prescribed for the boy
yeah pre-show that opposed to becoming
extra know mathematically she was
Italian
yeah I do oval eyes but she move but
mostly is last is vote three more status
deal yet Porcello recover you did you
give Roberta with a right to travel
negative a shot kill reform
yes illusion obvious Tony Schiavone
impress : what a monster GGG Acrobat
Couture Couture the Polly Polly Polly
savatya viciousness to you you must
throw in an amorous
donna eacho Hajus narada dancer robot in
a criminal act it was some disk on it
Stockholm falooda parade aware Laguna
brought 20 level aa
routine own apt Robert Young senior
Delhi School can observe Iloilo wanna
but about Patroni be deemed as let's
concrete achieve on the Virginia period
than you
so most of the guys here are right
sector right sector supporters they were
the core of the protest movement during
the protest against the last government
and now they're unhappy with the current
government because they lost Crimea and
they've decided that they want to break
into Parliament but alike - go the
politician from the radical party who we
met at the border the other day he
diffused the situation so that they
should stay with their demands but they
shouldn't break into the Parliament
because that would cause chaos which
would play into Vladimir Putin's plans
so they've decided to reconvene here
tomorrow they're all leaving for tonight
