South Africa was once synonymous with
gold mining however due to massive
industrial decline many of the most
productive mines the world has ever
known by abandoned and unused the US
Geological Survey estimates that South
Africa retains nearly 50% of the world's
online gold in fact Johannesburg sits on
top of the biggest gold basin ever
discovered so with an unemployment rate
estimated between 25 and 40 percent it's
perhaps unsurprising that abandoned gold
mines across the region are sending the
explosion and illegal activity
I had some someone told me no but there
is something called corn I wanted to
know what school Kenneth Damini is a
local chairperson for the community
policing forum he regularly attempts to
mediate between illegal miners and the
wider community as well as local law
enforcement there's three group in the
inner mind there's a group according
themselves Swasey
the other one is they're calling
themselves suit you because they speak
to sue sue sue sue the others is a
Zimbabwean right now they've they've got
a ak-47 rifle r1 live with all those
things when I tell them guys you get
killed in the inert mine
why don't you stop they say what we're
going to eat after that some of them
they refuse to work for them then they
just show them straight away underground
in boom era our sort a times they
shorten here come out here decide this
is a short that went in Europe the
porridge is still inside they cannot
check it out went here it came out here
there are fishes people I don't know
what can I call them but at that
dangerous
I was born in chocolate unfortunately my
parents passed away so I didn't have any
support from anyone
doc is a member of the Swazi gang he's
been on a legal minor for six years
risking his life daily to try and
support his family
as you can see what I'm under looks he
doesn't waste my money that matter I
don't spend a lot on this she watches me
first I wash it after we accept if we
don't have anything we accept it on
everything
yeah yeah many women after my husband
but I trust you yeah I caught a little
bit of money it's not that much but for
me and my family to to to to keep oil
it's fine we accept what we have we
don't accept what we don't have we just
do with what with what we have everyone
is involved in this Sam Adama
whether you're a kid or a wife a lady or
whatever it is as long as you are being
supported by that man that means you're
part of us
we work as a team and I'm the conductor
of everything I'm the key leader yeah
let let us vehicle child I die really
die and he does really die my process he
aspires more fire oh hi the number of
unrecorded deaths in illegal mines is
unknown but according to some observers
could number one into the hundreds
collapses are common as is sabotage by
rival gangs in February this year this
was his mind was sealed with concrete by
rival miners trapping an estimated 200
underground until rescue services could
dig them out several were seriously
injured and many were arrested as they
surfaced in late March one of the Chiefs
of the Swazi gang was shot dead in a
suspected assassination striking fear
into the community that the levels of
violence will escape with only one
interest in only one eggsy
thus we were going right now to call
face a what we know now that granted
it's best for us to sacrifice with our
lives go down the other than going to
steal from other people understand all
of us who know each other they find you
those who don't keep you what about your
family what you happen to your kid you
live a Kids 3 years old who's going to
support your kid he's a good dude
these are not clusters they live the
holy leaf creakle to all you live ganja
my men ha ha you want to see how it
looks this is how it looks
they call Jesus was tough when you smoke
it it takes you high takes you I and you
keep you once 2 pools
nah no you're okay while going down
there to the for example hundreds of
sama-sama stay for weeks in the lines
living in darkness kilometers beneath
Johannesburg nobody wants to die you
won't be afraid you will just feel
yourself that I'm working I want you I
want gold accordion check gold someone
catch to underground 80% Amir and I can
point you don't do anything
renovations whatever he says if he say
jump you ask him how high I try to run
away but I couldn't run away
he shot me on the leg then I fall next
to me there was a shock
nd to lead a zealot as Levesque and
Lester micaiah
one of the biggest risks faced by darken
the other miners underground are the
noxious fumes pumped out by the
generators used to power the drills with
no ventilation high concentrations of
poisonous gas can accumulate in the
tunnels making them sick dizzy and
causing them to faint fellow miners pour
water on those affected to keep them
awake they pass out there's a good
chance they won't wake up someone died
from from that accident if you're not do
an awkward Oh death date is good have
you got what you wanted
yes the mine is most at risk of collapse
and dynamite found underground is used
to break down the rock wall
we were cool because we don't have jobs
we are Africans we are not other
countries from her firms on your face
all of our see we are from here doc and
his friend given take their sample of
rock to a makeshift processing plant on
the squatter camp the end of the summer
summers work tirelessly to eke what
living they can out of the rock they
sweated for underground once you find
out what plane I know how much always
going to get how much me wet real estate
now difficulties we do live in the rock
to come back more like Detroit when I
take a sample of history our fortune on
destroyed a test and then this is what
after that you pause water in there so
that the soil will run down there the
walls will remain on these towers and
then destroyed with nothing go down
there on the term on that pitch there
once the gold is weighed the buyer pays
the miners with a street hand off the
price they get for their products at
this early stage in the buys chain is
just a fraction of the high street value
for gold this pure for this sample after
a whole day underground doc and given
and only 150 rand roughly fifteen
dollars writing quite funky I brought my
wife sweet CD Trista yeah sweet chili
cheese de some mini mini fries now very
purpose of this call as a package
I don't open a package if I take that
you're number one the movie that I like
the transporter don't open the pockets
no names no address no I don't do this
when you bring the wife something let's
keep the raikage is complete set it
sources with everything inside that's
how it goes
in February the Swazi mine was sabotage
by rivals trapping dark and many other
miners underground doc was injured in
the attack leaving him in a wheelchair
after one of Doc's fellow miners was
shot dead in the street in late March
there are fears that the violence will
continue to escalate
you
