the fight over Brett Kavanaugh is
entering its bitter final hours as
protesters seized in the streets and in
the hallways today senators out of view
took turns in secured room reviewing the
confidential FBI report on the
allegations against the nominee it
didn't seem to change much key
Republicans swing vote Susan Collins
seems to be leaning yes Democratic swing
vote Heidi Heitkamp announced she's a no
and conservative mainstay Orrin Hatch
caught losing his temper the
confirmation vote is now set for
Saturday afternoon the anti Kavanagh
demonstrators went into today knowing
they didn't have much time left and they
were resolved to make every hour
we survivors we believe survivors we
believe survivors we brought you some
coffee
we wouldn't have to come to your house
if you met with your people my friends
who live in Louisville they can't get
meetings with you you will only meet
with a very small select group of elite
Republicans Melissa Byrne is a full time
progressive activist she's been in this
game a long time these days she works as
a paid consultant for ultra violet a
feminist group based in DC this week
could very well end with the easy
confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to the
Supreme Court all the hearings and the
questions and the investigations could
quickly fade from view but one lasting
memory will remain around here this was
the week that me two protesters took
over the Capitol we believe survivors
Cavanagh
the Senate is usually a safe space for
senators it's a well-funded
well-organized bubble
reporters are allowed in but they have
strict rules they have to play by if you
can see flake I would be huge Melissa
and her team have burst that bubble most
famously they pop Senator Jeff Flake
bubble while national cameras rolled
that moment went viral and it wasn't an
accident
we've only seen a few Republicans like
they are brave to come face-to-face
human beings there were protesters
looking to find flake and Melissa we
used to be an intern up here and knows
her way around the dizzying web of
hallways that make up the actual halls
of power told them where to go to do it
will you help us stop Cavanaugh though
this is how it works so she doesn't
enter in through this door activist
position themselves where they expect
senators to be would probably want to
wait plague around here chokepoints like
elevators outside hearing rooms and you
can sit here and you can walk epital
like this line and the trams that move
members throughout the Capitol Complex
if they see a Democratic senator who's
voting against Kavanagh they do this
high-five thank you so much you're
amazing if they see a Republican senator
they do this think about you wanting to
support a sexual assault or the Supreme
Court I don't understand why and you
can't stop for a second and have a
conversation about sexual assault listen
sexual assault survivors that have come
from all over the country to plead their
case
that's what Melissa has been doing all
day lately telling people where to go to
yell at senators many have been inspired
by the tactic
representative eloquent excuse sir your
outburst
the one tactic that's never been used
before is having at mass scale the
hallways and tunnels full I wanted to
make it so they couldn't walk into the
Senators couldn't walk anywhere without
seeing one of us you mentioned that was
like actually getting harder to track
them down we think they're staying at
always now yeah I mean here are these
guys that like we're so tough look at us
like we represent like strict American
values of like strong men in charge and
they are afraid of women asking them
questions in the hallway they're afraid
to go to the bathroom so you're a
progressive woman with the Brett lies
paint on your face running around
yelling at senators yes so the
Republicans basically point that and say
look we can't reason with these people
they're lunatics we're gonna do what
we're gonna do do you think that maybe
you're hurting the cause I think what's
hurting in the cause is that before this
fight even started the very serious
people we're saying oh we can't win so
don't even try and that's what hurts it
when you have an elite class that says
it's not worth fighting
you
you
