Suroosh Alvi went to Pakistan and found
out that American drones are doing more
harm than good this is his debrief the
drone strikes have a pretty heavy
psychological effect on the pilots on
the drone pilots and you have this idea
that oh they're just you know playing
video games and pressing a button and
that's the extent of it but the reality
is that these drone operators and drone
pilots actually see the impact of the
bomb when it hits and they see their
targets blowing up so in the case of
Brandon Bryant the the drug pilot that
we interviewed he saw young kids who
were blown up and so even though he was
playing a video game it had a pretty
heavy psychological effect so what we
discovered is was that was that PTSD
exists with drone pilots on the
receiving end the people who live in
communities where drones are flying
above their heads in Pakistan South
Waziristan North Waziristan in the
tribal belt it's has a very heavy
traumatic effect on them as well because
they never know when they're gonna
strike so they just hear them buzzing
all the time it keeps them up at night
and it drives them crazy
so that madrasah is one of the largest
in Pakistan and it's run by mallanna
Samuel Huck and he is currently
negotiating on the behalf of the Taliban
and the peace talks with the Pakistani
government so he's a pretty big deal in
that world and gaining access was not
easy but we have a friend he's one of
the most respected journalists in
Pakistan his name is Rahim Allah
yousafzai and he spoke to mallanna
samuel huck and explained to him that
there was a screw from the states and
that we wanted to get the you know his
perspective on things about drones
specifically and and they agreed people
want to talk about the impact of drones
the people in pakistan are universally
pissed off about it and it's not just
the militants but it was interesting to
go in and see these young kids who are
being indoctrinated and also who are
growing up very angry as a result of
these drone strikes we spent a day at
sub owned the de-radicalization school
in Swat valley where a lot of the young
militants who were picked up when the
army went in and liquidated the Taliban
from Swat Valley
they basically captured these young
Taliban fighters and future suicide
bombers and instead of putting them in
jail they put them in this
rehabilitation school from what I could
tell it was showing them that there's a
whole other world out there beyond what
the Taliban is telling them exists it
boils down to education and having
classes and teaching them you know math
and science and languages and and having
sports and letting kids be kids and
letting these kids dream that one day
they can be a pilot in the Air Force or
that they can become a doctor
they created the opportunity for these
kids to become kids and to have pride in
going to the school and not feeling that
they were stigmatized because they had
been part of the Taliban
I think drones have become part of the
military doctrine and you know whether
it's Yemen or Pakistan or Afghanistan
drones are here to stay and they're only
gonna increase the time so I don't think
there is an alternative to drones
because they are incredibly effective
for certain purposes we just have to
realize that there is a whole other side
to drone strikes especially when when
they screw up and they kill innocent
civilians that's a problem
