so right now we're in Istanbul we're at
a massive pro-government rally that's
been organized by the Prime Minister
basically in response to the opposition
protests against him last week
the ruling party have put like literally
hundreds of thousands of people on buses
in this big symbol and show of support
for the Prime Minister so even though
there's a lot of opposition against the
prime minister in the country and
there's blatant evidence of corruption
that has come out and leaked tapes
recently
regi Toyota 1 still maintains a very
popular electorial support base here in
Turkey a lot of it isn't really to do
with politics necessarily but like
identity the AK Party hater towards the
conservative strong Turkish Anadolu
working class guy he's kind of Empire
as well as Berea religious looking duty
and wonderful party has been so
successful in mobilizing people is just
by association themselves with Islam
what do you think of this Twitter thing
about the other one banning twitter
twitter is not innocent you know people
they get ring and they connecting with
each other by the twitter so that they
go to the street and they destroy
everything my friend the problem is
about that
twitter is dangerous in our country
so why now everyone singing the red
chips I have another one song I mean it
comes to shows about a what a real cult
of personality guys bill they see the
lyrics of the song are just the guys
name over and over again
tarragon is one of us he reflects our
feeling and Burgin is here to refresh
the people's opinion and mainly the
conservative
there's a helicopter coming right now I
think the Prime Minister's on boards and
we're gonna have to make it quite an
entrance other ones been flying around
us now for like a half an hour I guess
trying to rev us up and make an entrance
but it's been a long time someone's just
passed out unconscious and they're
called for an ambulance to come and take
them away
it's been a very bad year for Prime
Minister the one there are huge
anti-government protests last summer and
a very serious corruption inquiry this
year but he's still the most powerful
Prime Minister in Turkey's history and I
maintains a massively popular base of
support I guess the only test will be
the ballot box next week
