it's Monday March 24th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines in
moraine thousands of Shia Muslims
protested against what they call
discrimination in the sunni-ruled
country police clashed with protesters
who tried to block the budaya highway
with petrol bombs on Friday the
short-lived she led uprising in February
2011 continues to divide Bahraini
society 3,000 Shia Muslims are still in
jail for their participation in the
uprising three years ago Ethiopia's
major dam on the Nile River is nearly
thirty percent complete despite vocal
opposition from Egypt that it's
threatening its water supply once the
project is completed in 2017 it will be
africa's largest hydropower dam costing
ethiopian taxpayers 4.7 billion dollars
Ethiopia's downstream from the project
on the nile river and is almost
completely dependent on its water egypt
gets between two to four inches of rain
annually so it's farmers and the people
who depend on their crops are in
jeopardy nearly 10,000 people attended
an anti-austerity protests in Madrid
that quickly turned violent in clashes
between police and protesters six
officers were injured and 12 people were
arrested demonstrators were protesting
about unemployment poverty and
government corruption among their
demands the government not pay its
international debt and take action to
improve health care and education even
though Spain came out of the recession
in the second half of 2013 unemployment
continued to rise with the government's
labor reforms legislation that reduced
the cost of hiring and firing employees
Brazil's police say its pacification of
Rio de Janeiro's favelas will continue
despite a tax on its officers and
stations Brazil's pacification strategy
is aimed at reclaiming favelas
controlled by drug lords it's an attempt
to clean up the city before Rio host the
World Cup the summer police say they've
created 37 permanent pacification units
for an area of 1.5 million people
murders are down in those areas but
residents of these favelas often accuse
police have heavy-handed tactics
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world is
found at the scene V padam padam sananda
a on a play on a pad on the progress on
a man apart lady bunge de la wanna play
wanna be fair como de veneers silver
pocket evocative Aleph awesome
I
