fazilet Haslam visited brick kilns in
Pakistan were men women and children
work as bonded laborers this is her
debrief no one's going to boycott the
brick kilns because people don't really
know what happens there and more
importantly people don't really care the
people buying these bricks and
supporting the industry are usually
people either involved in the industry
or the sort of elite of Pakistan who are
kind of indifferent to what happens to
these laborers
they've been dehumanized and
second-class citizens so people just
don't really care in the legislation
though it exists is not implemented as a
Pakistani myself I'm always interested
in covering Pakistani topics and
everywhere you look in Pakistan
buildings are made of these bricks but
no one ever really thinks about where
they come from or how they're made the
brick kiln industry is just one form of
bonded labour in Pakistan and because
I've been covering the country for such
a long time I had met this woman say
that without my before and I really
wanted to highlight her as a person
because she does such an incredible work
and they do it out of this office that's
really poorly funded and it's such a
makeshift operation and she is really
one of the true heroes that I feel
exists today that's working at a
grassroots level no one cares about
brick kiln laborers people just sort of
excuse it as something that
just happens and they don't really do
anything about it and the elite
community in Pakistan that could
actually do something about it care less
than anyone else so I really wanted to
bring it to the attention of an
international audience because it's an
internalized industry to see if there
could be some kind of change brought
about this particular form of bonded
labor it's always difficult when you're
doing a story like this to figure out
where the boundary is how far you should
go the woman that we worked with say
that balaam Fatma does rescues like this
a lot sometimes they're successful
sometimes they're not but she does have
a lot of successful rescues so do I
think this rescue would have been
successful without cameras yes I do
think it possibly would have been do I
think the police would have been as
cooperative possibly not I think it's
really difficult as a journalist to
spend time with people invest in people
and then sort of detach from a story and
as someone who's from Pakistan who's
doing a story in Pakistan I do find it
difficult to detach and it's one of the
things that I struggle is I think in
this particular instance we were working
with people who are so competent that I
didn't have to worry as much and I
really was just following them but yeah
obviously there's investment and I think
the way that vice does things we are a
massive and it is so we can give a real
reaction and an authentic reaction to
what's happening and that's why our
stories really reach audiences the way
that they do
bonded labor is certainly an issue in
Pakistan but it exists all over the
world bricken labor specifically
although a huge problem in Pakistan also
occurs in other countries like
Afghanistan the more we talk about it
the more we feature the real and
Justices child labor abuse against women
abuse against people across the board
illegal transferring of organs all this
kind of stuff you realize what a big
issue bond labor and brick kiln labor
really is in all different kinds of
countries all over the world
by
