I mean you know this is the coming of
four soldiers become is just women to
disarm silica and and antiparticles diab
now we're in pk-12 right now which is
one of the most tense neighborhoods
that's a Muslim neighborhood right next
to a Christian neighborhood so there's
been sporadic fighting especially at
night looting we came up on the scene
and there was a guy bleeding heavily
from his leg machete attack and you tell
us what happened to Balaton oh he
doesn't even belong
and because all weapon have not been
taken from the handbook for weapon this
is what is a real danger here as for the
problem between the Christian Muslim we
try to fight and situation
reconciliation yes you have lost my own
brother
last Thursday just fighting yes if I was
a man of anger I could the tackle any
gun and in network performer kill
everybody
the winner greet the French had spent
the week trying to disarm the Celica but
many still had their weapons at a nearby
checkpoint French soldiers as well as
African Union troops who were part of a
multinational peacekeeping force called
fo Mac tried to keep more violence from
breaking out with info Mac there were a
large number of soldiers from
neighbouring Chad
complicating matters the celica had a
large number of chatty mercenaries in
their ranks locals had started telling
us that these ex Celica mercenaries had
recently started blending in with a
chatting foam act to avoid being
disarmed
you were telling us that was it for max
I was wrong and by that supercars that
was Celica how do you know that was
Celica the charging kt response top you
see the zombie moon ape are a sweet oh
well let's silica f-feel clay don't
suppose it the desire I let the brass at
the therefore Maki ported on it's a
party delicate Musa once she passes that
the silicates the person collect corner
on the other side of the neighborhood
Muslim civilians now feared for their
safety repeated duplicity Tamblyn a to
bangarapet a populist intuitive antique
way I got on enemy Nandu Tigua a
population Topanga forgotten any mean on
duty petite umbrella to Europe a in guru
T a pre barrier a kitty here it was the
anti-balaka inspiring terror not a
Celica well isn't it Baraka equal ESPA
Luber nama akunis poly people now he
serve in offender massacre non column
Massacre part to the latest traffic
start or more from the Celica
coming in causing the conflict then from
the anti-balaka normally problems
epilogue of enema SI polymers Illuma in
alacrity news anti-balaka sake is on
coma Sedan Deville
blanco oppressor Islam Manila Fort
Frances La Porta France's poor
discernment le silica appeared is are
women you know parties are Mae Lee's
anti-balaka Ellie's anti-balaka prayer
even the chilling cinema the attempted
disarmament of the Celica had allowed
the anti-balaka to go on the offensive
the violence showed no signs of stopping
especially in miskeen another
religiously mixed neighborhood even
African Union troops seem powerless to
stop the anti-balaka attacks as we would
soon find out Kolkata pretty shaken up
engineer take a look
yeah
we're neighborhood called miskeen we
showed up and there was a mother man
complaining he had been beaten by the
Christians and we follow foe Mac in and
a couple of RPGs went off right away so
they backed off and I guess they're
waiting for reinforcements so I'm gonna
go back in but definitely really really
tense in this neighborhood
Muslims were now finding themselves
increasingly targeted mobs of young
Muslim men now stop the streets with
machetes forming their own defense
groups against looters in the
anti-balaka and many were angry with the
French and African Union troops for what
they felt was a lack of protection
what's happening here this morning it's
more I think this morning one of our
browser has been killed by I mean
Baracus you know just there everyone is
district the half I mean I miss
materials in order to kill Muslims I
mean you know this is coming up for
soldiers the calm is just want to disarm
silica and and antiparticles yob now
what we were witnessing was a major
turning point in the conflict one still
playing out now the attempted disarming
of the Celica had put them on the
defensive and Muslim civilians were now
left increasingly vulnerable
the anger created by the Celica would
now be directed at them as with the
thirst for vengeance
the Celica the weekend would also not be
deterred from continuing to brutalize
the people of the Central African
Republic any party T 10 a.m. till party
till meteor present a sale party no
party the P I now consider a anti-balaka
come when the kids
