I visited Afghanistan and saw how nearly
100 billion dollars of US funding for
reconstruction projects is actually
being put to use this is my debrief
if you go to Kandahar it's almost
impossible not to be afraid because it's
the home of the Taliban that's where
they were born it's a very hot city and
in fact when we were there we were on
route there was a suicide bomber who
blew himself up at the about 500 meters
from us so we pulled up just as this you
know suicide bomber what was left of him
was on the ground everybody in town knew
we were there and we were in this
boarding house and you know they've got
their local you know security guys but
they can be bought off for 10 bucks so
it was it's was hairy was so hairy in
fact when we arrived in Kabul which is
generally a hairy City I felt like I was
arriving in Paris in the springtime
they're taking our infrastructure so if
we build a building and then leave the
Taliban takes it over if we build
anything a bridge then they asked for a
you know affair to go over the bridge
that we've just built but the
interesting thing is is we give
electricity it's a big deal because
electricity is hard to get in
Afghanistan so we give them electricity
but it's too dangerous for us to go
collect the bills so the Taliban just go
door to door and say you owe us the
money they they don't make any
electricity they just collect the bills
it's it's kind of genius if it wasn't so
sad a hundred billion dollars is a ton
of money so a lot of people are making
money contractors are making money and
the scope of the fraud there is as well
documented not only in Afghanistan but
in Iraq but what who's really making the
money are the sort of NGO not
non-governmental groups and the the
Afghan government is incredibly corrupt
the Afghan bureaucrats are incredibly
corrupt it's the most corrupt country on
earth
so everyone were paying basically is
taking bribes and graft and everything
else and we're just making things that
there's no use for the bureaucracy is
making lots of money in and shady
contractors so he's the Special
Inspector General for Afghanistan
the key word there is inspector he
inspects his job is to go and find out
what the hell's happening reported
directly to the President and to
Congress and then they're supposed to do
things to change it he's doing a hell of
a job more so than the other cigars
before him to say hey this isn't working
we're throwing you know tens of billions
of dollars down the toilet but it's the
government of America and the DoD's job
to actually fix it and you know he can't
he can't do that alone or or at all that
his job is to is to find the problems
which he's doing
if the u.s. stops giving money to
Afghanistan the general consensus is
that it will devolve into a civil war
there are those who say that civil war
is inevitable anyway but the problem is
is if America leaves cuts off funding
the Taliban come back even to half the
country then you have the situation of
we went in there spent you know a
trillion dollars of military money as
well as a hundred billion of aid and
then we leave and the Taliban are back
in now if we give them money and the
Taliban takes that money if we give them
money and it's being thrown down the
toilet and Warlord's are taking it then
you know that's another problem I think
you can you can fix one without without
having to just cut off all the money
because if you cut off all the money
then
