the Syrian revolutions three years old
today but for the past year things
haven't been going well for the rebels
the regime is slowly gaining ground in
the west of the country and in the
second city of Aleppo up to two hundred
thousand people mostly civilians have
been killed and forty percent of Syria's
population has fled their home for the
past six months almost no Western
journalists have entered rebel-held
Syria for fear of being kidnapped by the
renegade al Qaeda offshoot the Islamic
State of Iraq and al-sham or Isis Isis
is currently holding more than 30
Western journalists hostage but it isn't
just journalism in their sight over the
past year Isis established a
stranglehold over rebel northern Syria
attacking other rebel brigades and
killing their commanders now the rebels
have had enough on almost every armed
group in Syria's fighting Isis
a group led by the mysterious Iraqi
jihadist abu bakr al baghdadi
across much of northern Syria Isis is
now on the run vice news is embedded
with the Syrian revolutionaries front a
coalition of former FSA groups including
the wolves of our God the martyrs of
Jevons area that Abu Basir Brigade and
the al bara brigade amongst others after
months of constant assault from Isis
things are suddenly looking up the
rebels of northwestern Italy province
until a few hours ago this checkpoint
here was the end of srf territory but
itis to pull back it seems from the
villages up in the hilltop these
fighters is a huge convoy of Isis with
district attracts heavy machine guns
mounted back of trucks we can head out
to the village we're going with them
they want to get there first they want
to get the weapons that Isis has
supposedly abandoned before any other
rebel groups gather
guys
the whole time we've been here Isis has
been based in the village of Korea by
overlooking darkish with a main base and
the formerly Christian village of
Gastonia but now it looks like they've
retreated in those positions we're going
to go in and have a look shall navasana
Yahya Ayyash and photo
Mr Justice end the car do not shake that
all okay and then we will go okay hold
it
the flag there on that check with your
nothing where your only you don't want
it
they raise their flag love ID thank you
boudin noir kettle Harlem asthma I'm
gonna wallow Maharaja la da Cunha Kali
Mata Lonnie yo Leah myself an awesome
don't let Elise down so far new condo
release down the ID of the alto shaam
bismillah ha ha ha
never say no more much that's very happy
sigh rest yessiree
this is what victory looks like a
monster lady a Latifah wanna have enjoy
a young amount of this damn buggy a lot
of jobs Michigan canít decide third a
jayasudha at her
oh yeah they come out her own
Aoyama pass lat and Shane or vataj how
Atari has a young was opener today
business llama I see on our turn mahadji
and regional of tall as hobble ard
al-mutawakkil a lot a Lancelot azuma so
phonetic a romantic gesture bismillah
while a Yacouba Hudson SL gibberellic
rhetoric man when I shall accomplish aid
I was for acid this is vengeance as well
his former commander the commander the
IBBC brigade was assassinated by Isis
now he's got revenge and I'm at the
ready
I don't know I mean Owen Merriman is on
ownership but Danny Murtaugh
yeah Jenai Darius Omaha we are assured
that via Bucheon is on what Danny
Murtaugh
sorry could to know how do you tell
Jenny I had it ready 100 maybe got again
we're going to push food further into
what was Isis territory for months this
was in Syria this was the Islamic State
of Iraq and I'll show us today it's
Syria
and uh I'm pleased on
blah
we drove for hours through the it'd Lib
countryside past barracks after
Barrett's abandoned by Isis just a few
hours earlier a few weeks ago Isis
looked unstoppable now they'd melted
away without a fight
my last night I do Hanasi my broken
let the kind of doctor is I thought
guitar by supporting those daddy
I am a popular idol and I have enjoyed
in the waterfall is Allah that we are
give them level give them a career which
we infer a little cleaner than the
president of body
bismillah r-rahman Lambert Amla Hawaii
cancel 7-eleven boom lavish diva katma -
wal hamdu lalala mean by the photo model
masala with ambulance a hot bubble under
my skin filler Isuzu white animal hello
erasers human - ooh nelly Harlem is on
table table
mr. Burton Valley Authority litter
castilleja
turkey nestle ha o target kinship Telugu
oh god Rebecca trachea Elmer hallelujah
cantaloupe Deodato bellmiere Halle
Harbor ta-dah - tanzy omen Sumatra
Tolliver odd little Messiah villagers or
arbitrage Katey Alvaro guitars dr.
Jekyll can elephant which I
I should be drawn from a couple more
villages and towns ahead of that as well
come on Sam - Gilliam is walkservice or
a No Limit Amelia
Thomas Alka sielmann and ldol Kitab he
led America alum observing sobrino
rocket on TAC team action Ramaiya heat
jato son later has a terrible for da da
da da da da da da da homie solar Surya
daddy-o
I'm Priyanka technically of Italy and of
why I mean mr. Bannister McClendon
Nana cavusoglu jmo Judah analog Lana
Julian Navarrette I've no la da da da da
da da la da de Klerk element and Eve is
the left alone let me occur I like
Amazon walleye walleye so vertical I
said una boda meruna well I dust Eva
gala
Oh coverage Shahid holiday same as John
about putting alia Bhatt is no button
but that and al hamdulillah but in ina
month of judge overcoming the merciful
Allah Yanni hey Omar
Hey surah what de monserrate measures
Arase Battenberg daddy I'm not afraid
maanteeeca Leah today Islam here Malala
talk of Islam okay I said you can't are
tomatoes no marketable subtract emerald
eyes of Clarabelle oh damn oh what a
clock ooh
I'm gonna wait open salsa huh but upon
the altar at the known top bubu Palo
jabón Russia it's the grave of one of
their faces is martyred by Isis
they said prayers for him now then carry
on carry on with their advance into what
was Isis territory
were not not not bus I said I said so
happy the whole time we've been here
they've been telling us an advanced plan
we would be advancing the next few days
and that's happened wasn't even any
fighting Isis just pull back don't know
how far they pull back the town ahead of
us was Isis main headquarters
yeah Kabir was formerly a Christian
village they seemed left there as well
these guys got fighters going off ahead
to clear it the next town along is a
regime a hill town Jason Shaw and that's
the first point in this area the front
for quite a while it leads fighters be
facing the regime directly and not Isis
and that's the whole point of the war
here for months these guys leave
frittered away their power they've
created the way their ammunition
fighting other rebels to pose with other
rebels Isis now Isis have gone and
they're ready to take the regime on back
in their own hometowns once again I said
say take the helmet off he's been
tasting at at my helmet off you're
saying it's a we control the area
hey man focus Ali Abu via Montauk Italia
Fabia ten Mata Hari Roja Ali Adina
Jayasuriya Hermann Zuffa - inna allaha
Azad aljalja via Alma Sofia Allah and
Mohammed and us daddy - salute
Correa but an affine an Amana
aalia began our final allah-allah Mauna
Loa season kanesha
Alana is a bottle was daddy cattle at
Piedad as judge a surreal her Summa
paradata a LaMontagne Cuvier from some
alcazaba so leave some macat analysis
Murano Camus JD Alan Camus JD Alicia
non-apple baat de a la buona sera nano
kamusta mean Elena a new feminine Arnhem
via dawat mohammed saleh ali was a la
nam has ER Ducharme unduly Islam while a
keen Linda sir Wilma see Ian McKellan
banana vamos were tuna Allah subhana WA
Ta'ala also a BM o Muhammad on solo a us
LS o son of you know Tamela Mann not
even Hoku plum hawk on Elena
well again heidi do--it una Altoona unas
a new condolence time don't let another
busy la it seems these guys haven't
actually cleared yeah Kabir yeah that's
you have to be a right in the horizon
you can see the church church tower
there so these guys the gang ahead in
convoy gonna clear the village then
we'll go ahead ask them
Wow
Oh
