last month over a period of three days
letter bombs were sent to over nine army
recruitment centers across the south of
the UK British security forces claimed
the bombs were sent from postal centres
in Londonderry in Northern Ireland the
coded message sent to a Northern Irish
newspaper announced the new IRA were
behind the attacks and also claimed that
the attacks would continue when and
where the IRA saw fit these are the
first attacks on the British mainland by
the IRA and it's new guys last summer
Vice went to Derry to meet dissident
republicans and find out about their war
on drugs while we were there we were
told to expect attacks on the British
mainland and now they're happening in
2012 Real IRA leader Allan Ryan was
executed outside his home in Dublin
according to the press he had been set
up and murdered by drug gangs
Ryan had become the most high-profile
casualty in the fight between dissident
republicans and warring gangs but he
wasn't going to be the last
it's pretty strange in the middle of
this suburban part Dublin that's
basically a military March going on
right now
must be couple of hundred people here I
don't think it's just quite a bigger
turnout as they wanted but it's
certainly nothing I've ever seen before
so tell me what happened the day that
Alan was shot you were with him when
you'd like to walk on the area can use
open about like seeing people and then
we were walking down towards another
fellas house and as we were walking
there gunmen ambushed them from behind
the fire number shots killed Alan he hit
iron in the leg I managed to run and
jump behind a car and then have bested
it all off was afterwards it's just
everything was going crazy and huh why
would they terrify develop because he
was trying to fight against the drug
dealers I use the lair of a fairly
effective group of men that were
targeting and executing drug dealers and
had them on the run from the locks wash
and I think that start seems to be the
reason he was targeted anyways was
because he was shattering her
organisations and it was only a matter
of time I'd say before he were to wipe
them out the situation is so tense the
one year on local hoods broke into the
cemetery and to face thalam Ryan's grave
the Real IRA broke away from the IRA in
the 90s rejecting the peace process and
seeking to continue the war with Britain
they are small but deadly force at the
hearts of the drugs whereas Londonderry
or Derry
a city so divided by sectarianism that
it goes by two names the city is the
center of Republican militants and now
sixteen years after the Good Friday
Agreement that supposedly brought peace
to the country the IRA gaining influence
all over again
another armed group Republican action
against drugs or rad have been fighting
a war on drugs shooting anyone perceived
to be involved in dealing hundreds of
young men have been threatened sent into
exile or shot by paramilitaries after
the murder of Alan Ryan it was announced
that rod and the Real IRA would merge
under the simple name the IRA we went to
meet dairies most influential Republican
dissident Gary Donnelly a member of the
32 counties sovereignty movement who has
been accused of being the driving force
behind the Real IRA a charge he denies
Gary's been repeatedly jailed and has
serious charges for his links to
militant Republicans but for him that's
all part of the security services
efforts to undermine his organization do
you think this is encouraging a rise in
hatred of the state and possibly
encouraging a rise of terrorism against
the state well you know when you talk
about terrorism what is terrorism you
know people here don't see it people in
you know the people here who you would
accuse of being terrorists are members
of this community they live in this
community they're lucky they work in
this community they socialize the kids
go to school in this community you're
not some type of al Qaeda terrorists
that live in the mountains or caves and
come in here and carry out you know
atrocities and go back these are people
who live and socialize and in these
areas often the large sex in this
community would support these people and
be their eyes and ears and support this
that there's the reality no police
officers live in these areas they're not
part of our community and for them to
commandeer this community they have to
travel in convoy in heavily armored Land
Rovers they hope to wear bulletproof
clothing they're very intense police
vans what do you think would happen if
police did just kind of stroll through
this area as they might in England I
would thought they would get out I think
there's a kilt
there's been some quite severe
punishment of people involved in dealing
drugs organizations like rather than
things like that yeah in the absence of
a normal police and service then people
will go to whoever will help him the
police turned the Blaney to drug dealing
for a number of reasons
and so someone come and says I've got
this problem this guy's selling drugs in
my state people then approach him and
say look mate stop it
yeah and if he continues doing it if he
continues then if you know some people
will go to the police the police don't
deal with it they'll go to the
Republicans if he can't be reasoned we
there's no option do you this man to
continue poison your community already
take action to the armed people who kind
of hand out the punishment nay from
within the community live in these
streets their kids go to school in these
streets a part and parcel of this
community so they're still our arms
throughout this community there's no
doubt that I'm stay at this community
and and right there it does country you
know I'd say there's good chances you
probably have passed
IRA people in this community they're
probably aware that you're stand here no
you know it could even be watching us
see what's going on can you see us
returning to a time when there are IRA
attacks within England why not that
would be you know a strategic target you
know what be a high-profile target you
know why wouldn't there be it's England
that's occupying Ireland this new
Republican coalition has support from
local gangs such as the kids in the
Bogside Republican youth how do you guys
and why is it D you're fighting against
the police harassing bastard do any of
the older Republicans ever kind of tell
you guys aside and say you know what
this isn't your fight yeah what are they
suppose how do you make it better go
petrol sugar in the bottle me sugar
weapon then we're proud open what
Republican groups do you support
everything what about the IRA hello Gary
what all joined the yellow sugar
throughout the third official Maori
nation does that make you feel kind of
confident that there's like everyone's
unified as well as continuing the war
with the British the Republicans are now
dealing with the drug dealers with
extreme violence with reported
kneecapping Zand executions acting as a
go-between for the paramilitaries of
potential drug dealing victims is the
Rosemount Resource Center run by Tommy
McCourt a well-known Republican
socialist who himself has little
sympathy for the men being shot by the
IRA if someone is tells us that there is
a threat and we believe it's a real
threat we believe it's our duty to past
I want 90% of the time at least or more
that usually results in some kind of an
agreement where the violence doesn't
take place can you remember the last
time violence did take place see four
weeks ago I think there was a couple of
young people it was more of an
anti-social behavior issue or at least
there was a conflict emerging on the
streets their names had come forward as
you know these guys needed stop there
carry on and then Messi's were getting
passed back and forward but at a little
the the particular behavior that was
engaged and its continued and this group
them said that they were not prepared to
negotiate any further they were just
connected with it and the next thing we
knew these two young men were both shot
in the legs
after speaking with Tommy we were put in
contact with a man who was once one of
the biggest dealers in Derry although
his life is no longer under threat he
still refused to have his face filled
when I go to prison I had read who
wanted my rod and they were to be honest
they were quite fair they gave me two
chances before and I it up and
went back to doing what I was doing and
how did they give you the chances that
someone could not be your daughter
somebody from that comment says that my
life was in danger and I went they said
Republicans and more or less said that
old knocking head whatever name the
threats were sort of put out the way I
just got bored and you know means must
ammonium just started it all over again
they gave me a couple of chances and I
 it up do you think that the way
that the IRA or rad deal with drug
dealers is half no we don't fair I
believe not because my son's not a
teenager 16 I'm very very very close to
him he was in all reason why he's a
terrible a friend because I couldn't
spend entertain him I'm never getting an
aura chance you know they they were they
were gonna kill me like and the same guy
that got my dear friend laughter I'm
told me that the threat was left it as a
symbol I said I'm told me says you know
you're lucky to be alive
it's just two teams i sat with grips a
man plotting planning a murder and I'm
then word sent chills down my spine with
somebody telling me you know your isn't
the same person since shaking your hand
the only fair plate if you turn in your
late friend and so do you think that the
the tactic of of these kind of
punishment shootings
did it work I stopped a drug dealer
there but does it work in the area as a
whole Ohio had to worked all right well
they didn't do that then this time would
be a wash way ecstasy tablets or for the
rat poison I mean how many kids have
today around um hospital before
shouldn't somebody doesn't seem harsh
there's methadone I'm the grass being
aware does you've got all these
youngsters run run come on seriously you
know what point is he ran off so well
what the thalamus trying I don't
disagree with you know
I wouldn't like to be a drug dealer in
this neighborhood one littlepip it
sounds terrifying
shooting drug dealers is one thing and
kind of comes with the territory but
we'd heard about a guy in the city who'd
been shot for selling legal highs in his
bong shop yeah he's not gonna talk to us
he's terrified apparently he was sent a
death threat last year for speaking on
the radio these rad guys seem to control
this place is a rope on a mafioso
situation everyone's scared of them
and it's understandable he kept on
saying they just pick up the phone and
I'll be shot it's not worth my while to
talk to you it's not worth my while and
visibly shaking while he's doing it I
guess once you've had your legs shiny
you're gonna be pretty nervous daily not
getting around if I was him I wouldn't
talk to a brother
so on our way to me a woman called Donna
Smith last year her son Andrew was
executed by rad
who have since joined the IRA they claim
that Andrew was dealing drugs but Donna
maintains that have never any evidence
to support that claim
last year around he was at home with his
girlfriend and three masked men come to
his door and they couldn't get on the
door so they fired shots through the
window under shouting under his kilt
they didn't know who it was not
actually I think could have been
anything but it was I'm nice you know
but under is why we're at sending death
threats to Andy and his friends they
surround it was a spike major major drug
dealer you know I'm his lifestyle did
not warrant have been a very drug dealer
because most of the time I had a given
mommy
do you suspect that the people who
killed Andrew from this community oh
they are there are do you know who they
were I know I know an old members
arrived that's what it but I can't pump
point and say effigy or she you know but
I know I know Radley everybody knows
here is unwrapped there seems to be a
tradition some parents actually take the
children to ride to be shot in order to
save them from being executed can you
imagine what it's like to be in no
position I can't compromise him at all
I'm for a parent to have to take a child
live a chef yes I don't know what I v on
believable to me you know if you had one
thing to say to the people calling
themselves the IRA what would be just
please please tell us why why they're
gonna be murder number one used on that
um for not to do it again not be have
whatever I wanted family sitting the way
we're sitting today you know we don't
mouthing wrong is sitting I guess it's
just every day is a nightmare is Robin
out here no farmer needs a bit more
we headed back to Cragin to meet the
next generation of young Republicans
these kids believe the fight through
United Island should continue however
they weren't even born when the peace
process began they're members of the
Alan Ryan memorial band set up in honor
of the murdered Dublin Real IRA leader
who they view as a working-class era
when Malin Ryan was killed in Dublin
what was the reaction in Derry the spa
before that actually happened think I've
first republican the be killed by drug
dealers and a long time
if it was a classroom do you support the
paramilitary punishments of drug dealers
and stuff I don't see the problem areas
but police stole them turn on and there
we go to weekend you see people can a
high on drugs drink people stand the
street corners young people second DC
day needs help and we need a
rehabilitation center we need help for
drug addicts Patti is stopped and
searched by the police nearly every day
they say they're looking for munitions
and every time he stopped he's given one
of these cards their actions almost seem
counterproductive as they make young
republicans like patty even more
alienated from the political mainstream
for service Harlan Scotland or Wales and
pay headline news Oliver but push back
the North Ireland
oh that's just name ones were an item
again forget about ends or well Thursday
so I just welcome for Chinese star
violence
IRA thyroid cause they want to do shoot
and kill people me always that can be
far from the truth
and I arrived have you netted ironic can
I trying to achieve it and alongside
that helping out the communities as
they've done throughout the past 40
years the strategy of locking up senior
figures of the neo IRA has decimated
them in the short term yet they managed
to continue carrying out potentially
legal threats 16 years on from the peace
process it seems you don't need the
British Army on the streets of Northern
Ireland for these groups to draw more
recruits potentially fueling the
conflict for generations to come
the Neo IRA we've been told still has a
force of a thousand young men behind it
who will continue their low-level
insurgency outwardly against the British
state and inwardly in their own war on
drugs
