South Sudan only gained their dependence
in the north in 2011 but now the world
youngest country of the race lips in
civil war no outside observers know for
sure how the war began the government
claimed that the vice president Riek
Machar tried to launch a coup against
the President Salva Kiir and when that
failed fled north to begin the bush
rebellion the rebels claimed with some
accuracy that the Keir government has
consolidated power into the hands of the
dominant thinker tribe threatening the
transition to true democracy what is
known as a thousands of people have been
killed hundreds of thousands of
civilians have fled their homes and that
both sides have committed major human
rights abuses including the murder of
civilians and on tribal fault lines
South Sudan's an incredibly difficult
country to report from partly due to the
complete lack of infrastructure outside
the capital Juba and partly due to the
heavy filming restrictions imposed by
the army an al Jazeera journalists had
just been arrested then deported for
claiming the rebels are about to take
the capital for days the government has
forbidden us to film almost anything but
then they summoned us to a meeting which
turned out to be a press conference
we are we are a very very near support
and there is no fight here but the
fuzziest you know the civilian those
knots earlier they always panic and the
telephone they're very dangerous do you
see media you what are the various and
even myself I'm either arrested or have
I run away these are rumors so there is
no fight near here now missing there is
no a tribe that would make a country so
I want to tell my soldiers that please
refrain from this tribal war so see you
can we get some fights with you
so that was the press conference we
accidentally gatecrashed
the mesh is pretty clear a lot of rumors
swirling around that the rebels were
advancing and Juba one of the generals
here that's not true and generally they
gave a message of peace and
reconciliation they're saying rule
brothers rule South Sudanese we should
leave politics to the politicians put
aside tribal differences try and get
through this finally get slightly
outside Juba on what's clearly a very
guided structured crystal none of us
have any idea where actually going but
whatever it is it's something the army
obviously wants us to see a plainclothes
security officer drove on ahead of us
leading us to the village this seemed a
carefully orchestrated PR stunt
we always like peace that is why you've
been in spite of this glasses around
southern Sudan we are praying for the
sick people I will recite the Salva Kiir
my guitar resident in joining us
Southern Sudan is one we want a real
mature to come and compromise the dead
bodies are enough playing now they are
tired of work people or need peace after
a few minutes we rushed back onto the
truck for the next stop when the PR tour
major what's happening out
Jenica okay the situation is normal here
is that why you're taking us here to
show us the situation
the fighting in Juba may have finished
but things were still far from normal
we're driving through a ghost town that
truck just ahead of us mo there the
moral operations on that propaganda
roller for South Sudanese army they're
taking in some weird and slightly creepy
guy to talk about it stops here I don't
know why
finally they took us to an abandoned
district formerly lived in by people
from the new air tribe they gave us just
a few minutes there to film watch the
whole time by our military escort
according to the UN in human rights
watch hundreds of new air men were
massacred here by government troops just
two weeks earlier
so these soldiers here are in what used
to be the the newer districts Achiever
innumerable flat they were hiding in the
UN miss base down there one of the
soldiers took us here said when he knew
were killed
he wouldn't say who by if you come and
film here alone the army arrested the
army took us here they come to show us
that everything is okay how is security
now
I think that's what we're gonna get from
these guys
they were never going to show us where
the bodies were buried and because we
didn't push it
the chose to send us up to the front
line finally got a phone call this
morning a surprise phone call from the
general just said come to the main base
bring everything you have so what's
happening now how far away are the enemy
from here not really tremendous audience
so all these men here what are they
gonna do now we're gonna go with general
within minutes really heretical drugs
the frontline
with juvenile II in government hands the
real war was taking place in the bush
north of the Capitol for was only 200
kilometers north of Juba but South
Sudan's terrible road network makes it a
long and uncomfortable journey by road
but a short trip by air when we landed
the commander of the Boer front general
mallow al-ayam door
told me that his troops had defeated the
rebel assault only that morning cool he
seemed confident and his men displayed a
high level of morale this morning did
the enemy attack you okay okay how far
away was the battle this morning from
the enemy do they have vehicles to
civilians of course they have some
vehicle from the you're happy with the
security situation there are lots of
rumors that the rebels were bouncing in
general as the reinforcements and fresh
supplies were unloaded casualties in the
mornings fighting were rushed onto the
helicopters to take them back to Juba 'z
military hospital
nobody's taking all the way here five
minutes back together guys
but it's change the truth still coca in
that position
it's a strange country I mean look first
they allow you to film anything
absolutely anything and then suddenly
they offer you the world take a shine to
you hit it's Gleason trips out to the
front line now the army drove us north
in a carefully planned PR opportunity to
show the world that the government still
controlled the entire road to the front
line that's high it's but the generals
plane back I can do it could not be okay
by it's good it happened here
yeah it's good to sit together here in
my car do you think the solution says
conflict will be a political one and
Addis Ababa or a military one here on
the ground to me I don't think that the
rebel they have legitimate right to
fight because we just celebrated our
country recently if they need if the
politician needed the power they should
go to ballot paper okay
we are still a young nation so I mean
they're also stream is flying around
Juba the the rebels they're coming down
this road no I don't think somebody
misled you know at the moment that
fighting is around gently and we are
hopefully to capture Daytona you believe
me what I'm telling you at the moment is
that we are going to place them out for
from bottoms and even the somebody
started running away as befits the
commander of the most elite unit in the
South Sudanese army the journal was
confident about the victory ahead he
kept telling me ball would fall to
government forces in the next few hours
and that the rebels are merely a poorly
trained rabble of tribal volunteers that
is why we are calling them where was the
rebel is that someone who is not
organized
it has nothing has no basis yes we can
say that some few soldiers from within
our forces they defected but to me I
think they are regretting but the
government had lost fought twice in the
previous two weeks rule the government
superior equipment and manpower the
rebels are clearly doing something right
we stopped off for a few hours near
Mangala a garrison town does 50
kilometers nor to the capsule that
according to Juba rumours had already
fallen to the rebels the rumors were
clearly wrong the generals commandos
were firmly in control of Mangala and
the dusty village was a hive of activity
as they prepared to move north the war
it would take us all day to travel less
than 200 kilometers to the frontline the
generals men tried to hurry things along
by driving at high speed without a
gamble and roads like this the truck in
front of us hit a pothole he flips into
a ditch trapping soldiers inside
become Boise me ahead of us these
terrible roads when a car overturned
it's like gushing out smoke of the guys
who injured helps me badly could've been
a lot worse
but it shows difficulties are traveling
this country the roads terrible it's a
difficult place to wage war it's a bad
omen
the journey ahead he'd barely left Juba
and the journalist bodyguard had already
taken casualties as we approach
territory only recently recaptured from
the rebels the commandos look visibly
more alert armed villagers had warned
them that they'd spotted suspicious men
skulking around the bush they suspected
their rebel Scouts but the general was
keen to reassure me they're being
overcautious the enemy you must take
caution yeah yeah you don't need to be
surprised it does not mean that there is
a rule along the road general Gatwick
stalks off villages to greet our
comrades the long 20 year liberation
struggle against the Arab government in
khartoum eventually we stopped to the
night of the forward base of the assault
and bought the 8th pelea taken over a
tourist resort sudan safari as their
divisional headquarters surrey here is
our home from the night for about nine
kilometers south of front nine or what
once the front line it looks like the
escalator push forward it's a nice place
Torrance's to come here before the war
yeah it's an armed camp
everyone's pretty chilled out there all
this chatting smoking greasy friends and
al Azim for a while they all say the
rebels have fled that balls already
fallen and we'll see tomorrow that's
true or not at the moment things are
looking good for the SPLA
we're working up a sound of vehicles
outside they said they're getting ready
to move on bull hopefully we'll come
with them we'll be able to follow your
troops up to ball you have free to cover
that world movement from where we are
active object we leave you to go and see
exactly the full first light general
Gambas commando has moved out towards
port as the Sun rose the SPLA infantry
preparing to join them sang their war
chance before battle a tradition from
the long days of guerrilla war against
the north morale was high and lead
elements the fort pulled into position T
battalions of infantry had been sent up
the Nile by boat from Juba would be
their job to take boar and it seemed to
look forward to the battle ahead in some
ways they looked and moved like a
professional army but the overall
effects are time Tituba tribal militia
it was time to move we've been held back
from the imagery at the head of the
column our own safety the SPLA said
instead they placed us in the rear
convoy made up of the divisional
headquarters with all the generals
supply troops police and the motley
assortment of untrained Inca civilians
given uniforms and weapons and packed
off to the war as we move the government
forces made their weapons ready trained
soldiers giving the inexperienced
volunteers last-minute tutoring and how
to use their rifles government troops
had been attacked heared as two days
earlier we drove slowly through an eerie
landscape of abandoned villages
there is a matter in the rebels will run
away from suddenly a few shots rang out
from the bush to our right the convoy
halted as soldiers tried to find the
source of the fire
there's driving up to the front line
when they had gunfire the troops lets
out the vehicles the face explodes that
direction you're taking up position this
might be it we're not far from Bor now
the officers in charge ordered the
troops back into their vehicles this
were just the warning of the trouble
with lie ahead
the rebels ambushes would escalate in
severity as they tested the convoy
strength and willingness to fight burned
out tanks dotted the way ahead from the
last time the government fled Bor just a
week or so earlier suddenly it's a
second class of fire for my right
we're just driving ahead in - boy you
can see the smoke from Bora burning in a
distance and then it's rifle fire the
right of us we all jumped out the thick
bush knife language mens been cleared by
the EM tree ahead of us clearly the
rebels are still around it's still up
for a fight
the slow-moving convoy was a vulnerable
target as a mobile headquarters for the
whole assault with all the generals
riding with us it was the brain of the
whole operation the rebels could take us
out the whole assault and boar would be
in danger no one realized the bloodiest
ambush at the day was lying just ahead
of us
with us on the outskirts of smaller
foods we hit the river crossing it
kicked off big time incoming the
Escalade troops here returned firing
rockets mounting the back the truck it's
all chaos they're pushing for it to
clear the area
pull back to some Hut's to try and get
behind cover
there wasn't much the enemy on this side
or in the place the ambitious we came
through the heavy chains applying our
machine
don't care what they were thinking here
what the Nile and our side here we're
kind of hemmed in between the rebels and
the river it was a scene of utter chaos
there seemed to be a little coordination
between a different elements making up
the convoy while the infantry escorts
mostly fought back most of the police
and militia around around in circles
without any direction from officers or
NCOs the assassins soldiers would
actually happen is pretty chaotic see
and he said just behind that tree line
just there the head of the convoy we're
travelling and got ambushed had a few
soldiers killed and the enemy is still
in there somewhere so they're working
out what to do next
according to an officer I spoke to you
later over 20 government soldiers are
killed in this ambush including a senior
general and three of his bodyguards the
wounded and the dead were gathered
together to be brought back to Juba by
boat without any medics in the field the
outlook for the most seriously wounded
was grim a few rebel bodies lay
scattered about the village it had been
accosted few minutes bring up
reinforcements a whole battalion of
infantry the one who saw earlier I go
ahead back with a speedboat to Juba with
the dead and wounded the generals body
was taken back to Sudan safari to be
helicoptered back to Juba the rebels had
attacked us in the bush and the portion
of the village to the right of the road
but instead of clearing the area the
army busied themselves of domestic tasks
and foraging for lunch the generals in
charge made parry at the new
headquarters for the battle to come
but their position is more vulnerable
than they realized just before dusk the
rebels launched an assault from the
uncleared half of the village
instantly everyone fled the office is
running away first leaving their men
directionless and terrified forces
entirely lost it's not broke one
soldier's thoughts our vehicle at
gunpoint while his colleagues thrust
their wounded friend inside you've been
shot in the chair
we were just with this honey dinner in
the camp everything had stopped for a
few hours this soldiers are all cooking
cleaning when suddenly we heard incoming
rifle fire the soldier's always panicked
and fled was bombed it down the road a
few hundred meters the firing rockets
back but they obviously can't hold their
positions don't really know what they're
doing this isn't a good place to be an
attempt the counters have faltered on
the wall of gunfire we picked up a young
platoon commander the first sound needs
to be trained at Britain's prestigious
Royal Military Academy Sandhurst his men
had abandoned him taking his vehicle
but the enemy I thought they were just
like kids of guns but they seem to know
the very yeah they can find yeah they
come in few number they can just compute
people by the way it's now been three
weeks people are fighting so it's all
yer that come in scared yeah so whenever
they heard the sound of gun could losing
their friends along the road a fleeing
Brigadier jumped in with some of his men
he tried to work out if the rebels had
set up another ambush further down the
road to catch fleeing troops and whether
it's safer to go back towards Juba in
the end we had no choice but to head
back to was jouvert along with the rest
the convoy this was the end of these
troops as a coherent force at least for
that day yesterday there was the point
of view
this is by the end of tomorrow there
might be a ceasefire yeah
so whereby the two groups should I be
talking about but this is not about just
propaganda of the people saying that it
Dingaan were bit here
most of rebels on this front why are
they on the sides it's like a tribal
army but in our side somewhere that was
us
you see yesterday the general looking
with you yes so it is but it's stunning
that with the government the entire
convoy droves through the dark away from
the fighting racing each other to get
away first
finally the Falls halted at Mangala
barely outside tuba it had been a bad
day the south sudanese army
