temp labor in a way isn't looked at as
an industry but it's a sector in it's an
industry and the industry is dealing in
moving human beings so instead of moving
Tomatoes I move human beings around
we live in a time when at the click of a
mouse goods from around the globe can
arrive conveniently at our doorstep mega
retailers like Walmart and Amazon have
created a seamless and efficient system
to get our goods to us quickly Amazon is
a great example of what's possible last
year during the busiest day of the
Christmas rush customers around the
world ordered more than 300 items from
Amazon every second and a lot of those
traveled through this building what's
not seeing are the people who actually
make this possible kept out of the
public eye our temp workers employed
without benefits or securities they play
an integral role in keeping costs down
and profits high many of these workers
stay silent for fear of retribution
often having their livelihoods put in
jeopardy if they speak out they wrote oh
boy they're wanting to know more about
this integral yet invisible workforce we
traveled across the country scouring
warehouses temp agencies and temp towns
in search of the people who make our
world of same-day delivery
possible
over 70% of our consumer goods come into
the u.s. from overseas unloaded at mega
ports like the Los Angeles Long Beach
maritime terminal cargo ships carrying
up to 12 thousand containers dock here
every day and the goods they carry are
unloaded and brought to warehouses to be
unpacked and sorted for the West Coast
an area an hour east of Los Angeles
known as the Inland Empire which was
once filled with horse ranches and
citrus groves is now warehouse Central
we're out in front of Schneider
logistics which exclusively serves
Walmart they have over two million
square feet of warehouse space here in
the Inland Empire and it actually spans
three different cities the Inland Empire
has the largest concentration of
warehouses in the world and they serve
other retailers too like GE Nestle Home
Depot and Kmart to name a few as
retailers increase their online sales
it's at places like these that the
essential tasks of sorting labeling and
loading the stuff we buy happens online
sales are growing at a dizzying pace as
consumers increasingly look to the web
to make purchases in the big retails for
instance we will probably see a lot of
the behind-the-scenes workers actually
being temps and the conditions in these
warehouses can be deplorable because we
as American consumers now myself
included expect our goods to be shipped
to us just like that so what is it like
working at a warehouse what are the
challenges temp workers face
so we're meeting Xavier here and we're
gonna hear from him what it was like
working inside one of those massive
warehouses Javier's job was to unpack
and repack containers at a warehouse
where goods were often moved within the
span of a few hours what were you doing
when you were at the warehouse nosotros
cuando lleguemos nos a sigma bond on
trial n específico y des des a trailer
que nosotros tenemos que descargar lo a
mano y tenemos que de poner lone
diferentes trailers che ran diferentes u
da days destinos and we're there any
grievances that you had working in those
conditions
ah bien ocasion SK personas aquella que
lastima Baba's son maar movimiento bueno
Marita Elmo t / que no se trabajando
spor que ellos me SPD Aaron entonces
m-pesa ser UN Blanco por medio' de mi
simply adores poor Elmo tuve que yo
siempre al-sabah la voz para offender
pues mess Konami salud pero también la
a Mis compañeros
Javier's problems with accountability
and safety are common for warehouse
workers and as the sector of employment
expands more and more people are subject
to this kind of treatment since the
recession temporary employment has
increased has added more jobs than any
other industry in the United States
the earliest leader of the temporary
help industry was Elmer winter who
founded and was the CEO of manpower
incorporated manpower is the largest
temp industry from its founding in the
late 40s through the 1990s in the early
years of the temporary help industry
they very much played on this idea that
temp work was women's work in the public
arena all of the images that they sold
of temporary employment was of these
kind of white middle-class very feminine
women one of the big things that changed
I kind of set the context for these
cultural ideological changes was really
the rise in global competition basically
employers had a choice about how to
respond and one of those responses could
have been to invest in workers and
instead they took what policymakers
called the low road and D invested in
workers cut permanent employees and
temped out jobs temps are increasingly
part of a profitable business strategy
of corporate giants last year wal-mart
the world's largest retailer had its
best shopping season yet an Amazon
continues to expand its warehouses and
fulfillment centers even President Obama
has gotten on board because this type of
labor is impossible to outsource Amazon
is a great example of what's possible
last year during the busiest day of the
Christmas rush customers around the
world ordered more than 300 items from
Amazon every second
and a lot of those traveled through this
building what Obama doesn't mention in
his speech is how many of these
industries are using template to get
back on their feet in some distribution
warehouses temps outnumber direct hires
so in general the relationship between
clients company or the worksite company
a staffing agency and attempt scholars
have called this a triangular employment
relationship so unlike the normal
employment relationship which just has
two entities a worker and an employer
this has three entities it's supposed to
be clear who is responsible who is
liable for the workers but in reality
it's not always clear once we learn that
staffing agencies are is important to
the logistical system as warehouses we
started to see them everywhere we follow
the railroad tracks to Chicago the heart
of the country supply chain we're yet
another intermediary has arisen
van drivers called right arrows who do
the dirty work
temp agencies won't
yeah there's one right there
it looks like it's like maybe eight ten
potentially more people in there
