it's Monday March 10th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Libya's Prime Minister Ali Zidane has
threatened to bomb a North Korean flag
tanker if it tries to export oil from a
rebel controlled port separatist
militants said they started loading oil
onto the tanker at the siege report east
of Tripoli rebels have seized three
major ports in Saugus demanding greater
political autonomy and a larger share of
oil profits these seizures impact the
government's ability to revive oil
exports oil is the driving force behind
Libya's economy oil and gas production
make up 65 percent of the country's GDP
96% of exports and 98 percent of the
government revenues Libyan officials
called the rebel export of oil and act
of piracy a group of Serbian war vets
have turned up in Crimea to lend a hand
in the ongoing Russian occupation of the
peninsula Serbia Russia so say you a
kiss for Margaret rose rake away Mozilla
call the Braavosi subscribe because the
NAM ability school darkus mommy sub the
serbian volunteers are part of the
ultra-nationalist Chetnik movement of
serbia a self-styled militia the models
itself on Serbian rebels who fought the
Ottoman Empire these days they're better
known for having links to the ethnic
cleansing that took place during the
Yugoslav wars of the 1990s now that
they're in Crimea there are questions
over just what sort of help they want to
provide to Russia supporters and their
conflict with Ukraine Syrian President
Bashar al-assad seems to be gearing up
for his reelection even as the Syrian
civil war continues around him for its
third year Reuters reports fresh
government organized political
demonstrations in Damascus which call on
Assad to nominate himself in the
upcoming presidential election 18 months
ago it seemed like Assad was losing
control over Damascus as rebels gained
ground around the capital but since then
government forces have regained control
in central Syria rebels and some Western
leaders insist Assad's departure is a
precondition for any peace deal Assad
has yet to announce that he's seeking a
third term in elections that are
supposed to be held by July
u.s. immigrations and Customs
Enforcement confirmed that at least 750
detainees at the Northwest Detention
Center in Washington State are on a
hunger strike the detainees who are paid
a dollar a day for the work they do
cleaning and maintaining the very
facility in which they are being held
have refused to eat since Friday they're
demanding safer working conditions
better food and that President Barack
Obama signed an executive order ending
deportations these 750 detainees are
part of a growing national campaign
against the u.s. immigration policy
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
to watch our latest original reporting
and documentaries from around the world
