this is incredible there's no Russian
soldiers here we were here the other
night
there were caused acts the local
self-defense forces Russian military
truck Russian Special Forces just
outside of this base here and now
they're all gone
we're at the Crimean Parliament and the
big news is that the deputies here
decided that they want to join Russia
today they've also decided to move a
referendum on the issue forward to March
16 si si si priyo aliciarojo so voices
at presento brignoli rashanna tanto
cream historisches kima me and Tsunade
peer alumna Adina prosit own store cream
nari filly and Fukushima prosze us to
play near assist configuration what they
said after that was that any force other
than the Russian force here are going to
be considered to be illegal insurgents
which means that the Russians might be
stepping their operations up against the
Ukrainians in the next few days but now
the ball is in the Kremlin sport and
it's up for Putin to decide what to do
next
we've noticed there have been reports
and we've seen ourselves that the
Russians have pulled back from a number
of military bases that they've been
holding under siege for the last few
days and we're thinking that that might
have something to do with the fact that
the OSE are trying to get through
according to promote you douche lyricist
given a Kazakh Kotori to style a new
procedure a minuscule kidney no lost
okay yes propeller Genia principal
demonio seriously the policy as no
surprise the me see
boys here nom literally no permission
for my secretary Madonna pasta pure no
blood actually boys here the territory
dreamily please do this Muslim propeller
age 10 score over Musa Dagh no little
people available per say tamuka cat
revolted no blood actually any loser
another thing we found out about earlier
today was that apparently the Russians
had scuttled a ship in one of the bays
in Crimea so we sent our cameraman
Freddie Paxton down there to check it
out and what he saw was that they'd
actually towed a decommissioned ship
dumped it in the middle of the bay and
they towed it to the bay to prevent any
ships from leaving it or entering it the
reason they want to stop ships from
leaving is because there are some
Ukrainian warships in there and the
reason they may want to stop ships from
entering is because there's an American
battleship on its way to the Black Sea
through the Bosphorus right now Veronica
whispered separate reception on mooskaa
Motum Tribble issued a shim Karaboudjan
Bulls pisani Caravela choco Couture a
bill passed our Jenna Bush key passage a
photo Giordano's law is at oakland a
sale you need I preferred a wicked move
to the news law with a glance
concurrently so there are a lot of
theories out there but the Russians have
definitely stepped up what they're doing
because it's pretty serious if they take
a decommissioned warship blow a giant
hole in it and dump it in the middle of
the water
now that Crimea is declared that it
wants to be a part of Russia the big
question is what Putin is going to do
next because he could easily have the
Russian parliament produce legislation
making it possible to absorb this region
of Ukraine but he also could come out
and be the international arbiter that he
wants the world to see him as and say
that Crimea is still a part of Ukraine
but if it wants to keep the region then
it has to play by his rules
you
