that's another right taro van just
passed us there kind of another
middlemen in the whole system of getting
temporary work in the u.s. temp labor in
a way isn't looked at as an industry but
it's a sector in it's an industry and
the industry is dealing in moving human
beings so instead of moving Tomatoes I
move human beans around since the
recession the temporary employment has
increased has added more jobs than any
other industry in the United States the
behind-the-scenes workers the ones who
staff the massive warehouses where they
distribute all kinds of goods these are
difficult jobs and they're often
dangerous jobs la gente CPC Mahina net
anemia todo lo que no cos para para para
ver SI un producto de Manos como la
gente Sucre in
how many people want a full-time
position it's like a brave new world
right war is peace up is down
left is right temp is perm
