it's friday march seven and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
Dominican Republic's minister of culture
is defending its decision to allow a
group to wear Klu Klux Klan costumes in
the annual carnival parade the
government has defended its decision
saying the group was part of a segment
commemorating historical events and at
the KKK costumes were intended as
criticism of the white supremacist group
in the US a botched NATO airstrike
killed five Afghan soldiers and is now
threatening to worsen already tense
relations between Kabul and the us-led
coalition assaults from the air have
given NATO forces an advantage over
Taliban fighters on the ground but
they've resulted in many civilian
casualties and fueled criticism for the
international effort from Afghan
President Hamid Karzai the showdown in
Crimea has sent Russia's economy into a
spiral Russia's stock market fell by
almost eleven percent Monday and the
Russian ruble lost value as well leading
the central bank to raise interest rates
and spend a record 11.3 billion dollars
to slow the freefall and now the United
States and several nations in Europe are
threatening sanctions unless Russian
troops withdraw from Ukraine we would
like to see this de-escalated we are not
looking for some major confrontation
experts predict Russia will respond to
Western sanctions with characteristic
acts of defiance such as missile sales
to Iran or even more overt cooperation
with the Syrian regime it's been about
five years since North Korea held it /
sham election so this weekend the
country will go through the motions and
unanimously reelect supreme leader Kim
jong-un and his party mates North
Koreans are required to vote but
elections are such a formality that the
official north korean newspaper knows in
advance that voters will quote
demonstrate once again the might of
single-minded unity by casting ballots
for their candidates not voting and
playing along in the charade is
considered a severe act of treason so
expect a big turnout
check out the vice news youtube channel
for our latest original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
Makka team suba merla Gazette the Sudan
yo creo moisturizer stock Romano's
Hogzilla to train at nas national mr.
Shkin Brosnan zap a new crane it it cut
pollution in US military Kiev Nikki
something some bottles back they're okay
please stop if you wanna rock all right
detective thank you wearing best style
right now I grew up I grew up over here
I've had a lot of friends that died
earlier from being shot stuff like that
you know this there's always the big
issue about the gun violence and you
know in these neighborhoods this is
where this is where all that gun
violence happens
we listen the outskirts of Norman soon
as we hit the river crossing it kicked
off big time because incoming we're
going by the escalade troops here return
fire rockets amounts of the back pack
rat it's all chaos the pushing forward
to clear the area straight ahead of us
rebel
