Danny gold here with Vice and we're here
with Casey who's when the last
independent freelance reporters left
working overnights and we're gonna go
chase the scanners and see what happens
tonight like this is raw and uncut we're
out with Casey he's won the last true
freelance overnight reporters left in
New York so especially what Casey does
is he monitors scanners NYPD FDNY
Highway Patrol shows up on scene troops
and footage and then afterwards tries to
sell it to the networks so we can roll
it on maybe 10 or 15 different scenes
and if he doesn't get what he needs or
what the network wants he's not gonna
make any money a big part of what I do
is you know I try to get there first you
know the name of this game is you know
it's breaking news so you know you got
to get there when it breaks not two
hours later it's this times when it's
really slow then like I say you know
then it's days that you know Candice it
still is so much stuff going on
Wow I've been doing this for about six
and a half years I cover all breaking
news let there be fire homicide car
accident abduction anything anything
that's newsworthy you know that's how I
make my money you know one of Casey's
friends taught him the business and
Casey caught on quick he soon began
working full-time chasing the news
eventually he made enough money to
purchase a satellite truck so he could
feed footage directly to the networks
yeah let me get a large coffee with six
sugars and five cleaners
so we're waiting here right now by the
meager Morgan exit on the BQE you know
he always sort of starts close to the
highway strategic just in case something
goes off in Manhattan in Queens and
Staten Island you know you can get on
the road very quickly
knocking stuck behind traffic because a
large part this is getting there first
and getting there early this this
business is so crazy that you know a lot
of times even when you least expect it
like something happens
Casey here's something interesting on
the scanner and we head off to the first
potential story of the night I think you
see it might be done a lot though I
don't know there was a robbery or
something over here but I was just run
by to check
in bed-stuy right now what happened is
we think a perp jumped a gun and took
off as you can hear the helicopters
above us right now they're searching
through backyards and NYPD sort of roped
off the block we're waiting for either
ESU or spot to go door to door and sort
of figure out why this guy is so we're
we're a little push back right now so
what's going on right now they're
getting heat signatures from the
infrared so I think they about to get
well they got I'll try to keep a radio
with me and you know this pay attention
to whatever you know alerts happening
she's gonna be on guard literally
alright
we got it back potentially some bottles
back there okay all right detective
thank you usually what happens it's all
but like I said most of the older guys
are the detectives you know they kind of
understand you know sometimes you know
they the trend Lane
it's pumping on both ends so you know
everybody's trying to stay safe right -
you know I think the older guys are more
experienced I know how to deal with the
Media Lab yes it doesn't look like the
situation is gonna escalate to too much
further
seems pretty seem like they might be
quieting down they might have a good
idea where the guys are that they want
our job is done here
I see well you know west of the ninth
paces I literally like risk my life to
get video a lot of times I mean even if
it's just the you know just driving to
get to a scene somewhere it makes you
happy to get home some nights you know
during Hurricane sandy I was I went over
the bridge in a breezy point I mean it
was like it was it was literally the
this one of the scariest nights that I
ever had in my life because one I don't
know how to swim
wait I'm not I'm not a swimmer at all
and I was like up to here water and you
know that night I think it was something
like 120 houses that Burt and like
everybody use that video I shot I mean
from like National Geographic to freakin
all the news stations CNN I mean I've
seen that I've seen that video
everywhere
it's never like I'm gonna come to work
and be like oh I know what's gonna
happen tonight you know I can't never
say that because I don't know what's
gonna happen so I kind of like that so
we're coming up on the scene right now
it's a couple of our a couple of
overturned cars see emergency services
over here and I'm gonna hop out see what
I saw yes so it was reports of a couple
of cars that were overturned but you
know as you can see that's not the case
but luckily everybody got out but you
know something like this could easily
turn into something you know fatal
despite the lack of a story Casey
doesn't have time to be disappointed
he keeps hunting even though it wasn't
you know anything you know too big you
know I always try to be on top of my job
you know
so you see nobody else showed up over
here so basically just part of what I do
all night you know
knows is all about demographics
especially breaking news a lot of stuff
that happens now a lot of shootings a
lot of homicides daily that go on and
because of the demographics nobody ever
like really is alone because it's either
it's assumed this drug-related
gang-related like even in this
neighborhood like like we're in bed-stuy
right now I grew up I grew up over here
I've had a lot of friends that died
earlier from being shot stuff like that
you know this there's always the big
issue about the gun violence and you
know in these neighborhoods this is
where this is where all that gun
violence happens I have to I have to
stand my ground
you know I've I've you know I've been in
places where I seen you know other
photographers get spit on and you know
let people know that look listen I'm
just here to do my job that's it
that's it no nothing more nothing less
and I'm just here to do a job
Casey uses his experience to make
connections with the calls he hears it's
a fire and a shooting going on the same
time I just I just listen you know
everything is a judgment one call goes
out for a crime scene and another goes
out for a car accident and he decides
it's interesting enough to investigate
it's over the fire department I said
yeah we got a pole down PDS on scene
it's a crime scene
my mom is telling you somebody is shot
in the car or it could even be a road
rage incident you know what a light
pulled down in the street wouldn't be a
crime scene for the police department
this is kind of crunch time right here
so I gotta try to get over there as fast
as I can
we got to go we got to go around cuz
this shot shots kind of sucks over here
you have an idea what happened or do you
leave that to the I'm what my intuition
is telling you is that that's the cab
driver the guy
this is much better shot I can't really
see if that's a cat man cuz I'm trying
to it looked like there's something on
the bumper stick I mean I'm trying to
get a shot of the off the trunk it looks
like there's something on the back of
the trunk this is three bullet holes
right there inside of the door in the
driver side door oh yeah yeah so and
they're closed they're closer to her to
the to the crease you know where the
door opens so it looks like he got hit
hard you know in the body this is like a
like second nature to me so it's just
like I really don't feel that I have too
much competition yeah we've got about an
hour left to make the 6:00 a.m.
broadcast we'd actually gotten a call
from an ABC producer looking for footage
of an infant tonight and it looks like
Casey's gonna pull it off right now I'm
about to make two two DVD copies I'm
gonna drop one off to ABC and are one
off to New York one and then run it into
the city so they can get it on
it'll probably they'll probably be on
there like the 6:30 show 7:30 show
whatever but he said he was definitely
interested in it so I'll make that
happen right now you happy with the
footage oh yeah I mean it's great I got
I got I got a bullet-ridden car
telephone poles snapped nobody's here
you know nobody knows about it except me
except but that's it
one more could you ask for a
successful night yeah once he gets his
footage Casey burns a DVD to drop off in
person at one network and also finds a
place to transmit the footage a
satellite for another Network afraid
could you take a feed could you take a
feat right now
okay oh the guy was shot in the leg all
right cool all right so it's about 7:00
a.m. right now we're here in Queens the
Sun is coming up and Casey's on the
phone with one of the producers in
Manhattan
the footage is delivered and the
producers are happy
Casey is getting paid $300 for his work
tonight it's like fishing you go out
fishing you know you come back home with
something you know what I'm saying and
you know in any event you know I got a
chance to run around and be on top of it
just feel bad about having you guys well
you know out so late man we got to live
your life man
you do this five six days a week yeah
sometimes seven you know the penance get
used to it you know body be used to it
so it's like nothing you know I got a
such schedule like now that drop you
guys off I'll just go probably go grab a
bite to eat and I'll probably like by
nine o'clock 9:30 I'll lay down yeah I'm
gonna go home and go right to bed so
that's what I want to do everybody be
running around here broadcast and
breaking up so who was that know that
easy you know but once you once you you
know you get get into your groove and
finding it it just gets a little it gets
a little easier
I know New York City like the back of my
hand and especially at night I can get
to anywhere throughout the five boroughs
in a matter of 15 minutes how fast I
Drive pretty assertively I guess
