it's a strange country I mean at first
they allow you to film anything
absolutely anything and then suddenly
they offer you the world take a shine to
you get its clue some trips out to the
front line now the army drove us north
in a carefully planned PR opportunity to
show the world that the government still
controlled the entire road to the
frontline that's higher it's about the
generals coming back it could not be
okay right it's good it happened here
yeah it's good to sit together here in
my car
do you think the solution says conflict
will be a political one in Addis Ababa
or a military one here on the ground to
me I don't think that the rebel they
have legitimate right to fight because
we just celebrated our country recently
if they need if the politician needed
the power they should go to ballot paper
okay we are young so I mean they're also
agreements flying around Juba the the
rebels they're coming down this road no
I don't think somebody misled you know
at the moment that fighting is Iran
generally and we are hopefully to
capture Daytona and you believe me what
I'm telling you at the moment is that we
are going to place them out for them
from broad terms and even the somebody
started running away as befits the
commander of the most elite unit in the
South Sudanese army the journal was
confident about the victory ahead he
kept telling me ball would fall to
government forces in the next few hours
and at the rebels are merely a poorly
trained rabble of tribal volunteers that
is why we are calling them rebels the
rebel is in some wherever he's not
organized
it has nothing has no basis yes we can
say that some few soldiers from within
our forces they defected but to me I
think they are regretting the decision
they have taken but the government had
lost fought twice in the previous two
weeks rule the government superior
equipment and manpower
the rebels are clearly doing something
right we stopped off for a few hours
there Mangala a garrison town does 50
kilometers north the capsule that
according to Juba rumors had already
fallen to the rebels the rumors were
clearly wrong the generals commandos
were firmly in control of Mangala and
the dusty village was a hive of activity
as they prepared to move north
it would take us all day to travel less
than 200 kilometers to the front line
the generals men tried to hurry things
along by driving at high speed but
that's a gamble and roads like this the
truck in front of us hit a pothole and
flips into a dish
trapping soldiers inside
the convoys Zini ahead of us these
terrible roads when a car overturned
it's like gushing out smoke of the guys
who injured not too badly could mean a
lot worse but it shows difficulties are
travelling this country
the roads terrible it's a difficult
place to wage war it's a bad omen the
journey ahead he'd barely left Juba and
the journalist bodyguard had already
taken casualties as we approach
territory only recently recaptured from
the rebels the commandos look visibly
more alert armed villagers had warned
them that they'd spotted suspicious men
skulking around the bush they suspected
their rebel Scouts but the general was
keen to reassure me they're being
overcautious information about the enemy
that's all you must take caution yeah
yeah because you don't need to be
surprised by your enemy it does not mean
that there is a fool along the road
general Gatwick stalks off villages to
greet our comrades the long 20 year
liberation struggle against the Arab
government in khartoum eventually we
stopped to the night at the forward base
of the assault and bought the SP layer
taken over a tourist resort Sudan Safari
as their divisional headquarters serene
here
it's our home for the night about nine
kilometers south of the frontline or
what was the front line it looks like
the Esper they push forward it's a nice
place tory's has to come here before the
war that's an armed camp
everyone's pretty chilled out the world
was chatting smoky greasy friends that
haven't seen for a while they all say
the rebels have fled had balls already
fallen and we will see tomorrow past
true or not at the moment
things are looking good for the SPLA
never was there is an attack before the
rebels will run away from
you
