we're working up a sound of vehicles
outside this how they're getting ready
to move on bull hopefully will come with
them we'll be able to follow your troops
up to ball you have free - covered that
world movement from where we are active
object we leave you to go and see
exactly before first light general gap
wishes commandos moved out towards boar
as the Sun rose the SPLA inventory
preparing to join them sang their war
chance before battle a tradition from
the long days of guerrilla war against
the north morale was high and lead
elements the force pulled into position
T battalions of infantry had been sent
up the Nile by boat from Juba would be
their job to take boar and it seemed to
look forward to the battle ahead in some
ways they looked and moved like a
professional army but the overall
effects are tying to the tribal militia
it was time to move we've been held back
from the inventory at the head of the
column our own safety the SPLA said
instead they placed us in the rear
convoy made up of the divisional
headquarters with all the generals
supply troops police and the motley
assortment of untrained Inca civilians
given uniforms and weapons and packs off
to the war as we move the government
forces made their weapons ready trained
soldiers giving the inexperienced
volunteers last-minute tutoring and how
to use their rifles government troops
had been attacked here as two days
earlier we drove slowly through an eerie
landscape of abandoned villages
never there is an attack in the rebels
will run away from suddenly a few shots
rang out from the bush to our right the
convoy halted as soldiers tried to find
the source of the fire there's driving
up to the front line when they had
gunfire the troops left out the vehicles
that facing towards that direction or
taking up position this might be it
we're not far from Bor now the officers
in charge ordered the troops back into
their vehicles this were just the
warning of the trouble would lie ahead
the rebels ambushes would escalate in
severity as they tested the convoy
strength and willingness to fight burned
out tanks dotted the way ahead from the
last time the government fled Bor just a
week or so earlier suddenly it's a
second blast of fire for my right
we're just driving ahead into port you
can see the smoke from Bora burning in
the distance and then it was right
before the right of us we all jumped out
the thick bush knife language meant to
be cleared by the infantry ahead of us
and clearly the rebels were still around
it's still up for a fight
the slow-moving convoy was a vulnerable
target as the mobile headquarters for
the whole assault with all the generals
riding with us it was the brain of the
whole operation the rebels could take us
out the whole assault and Bor would be
in danger no one realized the bloodiest
ambush of the day was lying just ahead
of us
with us on the out to go at the store
and please we hit the river crossing it
kicked off big time because incoming
we're gonna fire the Escalade troops
here return firemen Rockets amount of
the backpack rut
it's all chaos they're pushing for it to
clear the area of rebel
pull back to some Hut's to try and get
behind cover
there wasn't much the enemy on this side
during the push the amethyst became true
the heavy Saint applying our machine-gun
fire both sides at the government truth
level
today what thing everything here what
the Nile and our side here we're kind of
hemmed in between the rebels and the
river it was a scene of utter chaos
there seemed to be little coordination
between a different elements making up
the convoy while the infantry escorts
mostly fought back most of the police
and militia around around in circles
without any direction from officers or
NCOs the assassin soldiers would
actually happen is pretty chaotic see
and he said just behind that tree line
just there the head of the convoy we're
travelling and got ambushed had a few
soldiers killed the enemy is still in
there somewhere so they're working out
what to do next
according to an officer I spoke to you
later over 20 government soldiers are
killed in this ambush including a senior
general and three of his bodyguards the
wounded and the dead were gathered
together to be brought back to Juba by
boat without any medics in the field the
outlook for the most seriously wounded
was grim a few rebel bodies lay
scattered about the village it had been
accost in few minutes bring up
reinforcements a whole battalion of
infantry the ones we saw earlier I gotta
head back with a speedboat to Juba with
the dead and wounded the generals body
was taken back to Sudan safari to be
helicoptered back to Juba
