Security's getting a lot tighter now
we've just been pulled over by the army
and we're just about to head into drug
country the further we go in the more
lawless it becomes
kidnappings are common and security
forces clash with drug lords all the
time
worst thing is if anything happens to us
there's gonna be no one who can help us
this is Lebanon's Bekaa Valley an area
known for its ancient ruins its wine and
the cannabis that has grown here for
centuries
large-scale cannabis cultivation began
in the 1920s to replace Lebanon's
failing silk industry and soon
flourished into one of its most valuable
exports this reached his peak during the
15-year Civil War where Lebanon was said
to be producing 1000 tons of hashish per
year the Bekaa Valley is a vast lawless
stretch of land 75 miles long that spans
nearly the whole length of Lebanon this
year an estimated 45,000 venoms of land
was dedicated to cannabis cultivation
generates in multi-million dollar
profits for local drug lords despite
most political parties in Lebanon having
a long history of shady association with
the drug trade the state comprised
through a political coalition that
includes Hezbollah has outlawed cannabis
cultivation and has enforced the policy
of eradication since the end of the
Civil War every year the security forces
turn up with bulldozers and try and
destroy the crops this naturally pisses
off the farmers and meets to running gun
battles breaking out between them even
casualties on both sides
we headed to a small village near dere a
tough mark where we were told there was
a cannabis plot that yet to be harvested
it's a really bumpy road at the moment
as you can see there's nothing around
for miles there apparently some massive
plants that got growing down here the
crop here just grows naturally like a
weed it's incredibly sticky and it
smells I mean I can't even describe the
smarts it's hard to imagine someone
criminalizing something that just grows
by the side of the road we've got to be
really really quick because obviously we
can't be spotted out here so it's just
north of here few meters can hear some
gunshots in the distance which is done
unsettling me a bit we were shown around
the farms by a guy whose family has been
cultivating hashish for years like most
young people in Lebanon in between
studying and hanging out with his
friends he helps out with the family
business
wilfy mache collected Ben Van Coon were
Benin dollar Hey Mahalo her she she
doubted but man I knowledge bad
Micucci boozer a user as she Nixon told
her she be any any how Wilkins MIT
dollars foolish solder LASIK did what
the hole is there anything more
beautiful than this what can I say it's
stunning cannabis as far as I can see
this is a fully grown plant ready for
harvest in fact bits have started to dry
so really needs to be picked off the
ground really soon there's some movement
around us so getting a little bit
nervous we spotted some trucks moving in
the distance considering two doctors
have been kidnapped here a couple of
days ago we decided it was time to leave
we went on to meet Ali Shah mas another
local hash farmer who's been waging war
against
divorces for his refusal to destroy his
cannabis crop he agreed to talk to us
about his displeasure for the state and
the politicians that are running it
we're gonna go visit one of his farms
there's a rifle right right between my
feet helm on tequila I'll take war
entire Ryback I'm in Montreux bass
channel
kill entire BR fukube EULA and akiza in
a shaky ears off so at the moment it's
mid-october so the harvest has just
happened so they've pulled up all the
plants and they'll be holding them in
warehouses ready for the production
phase so there's the tobacco drying over
here and here's the hash bundles over
here a big an income stream it'll hey
Ally in a large group of farmers defied
state demands to destroy their crops
last year when state bulldozers arrived
the farmer sports off security forces
with heavy machine guns
the standoff only ended when the state
promised to provide money to the farmers
for new crops money which never arrived
yes made delfield hashish ma'am miss Mac
the same beauty our nerd can see many
National million dollars on awayyy
the telephone smell hashish Emmy Lou
Sheila Nesbitt Dale Biberman Hirata
Debbie hope tomorrow out maladaar on
Milwaukee or put this out Unni Mustafa
Damon Amelia Dolph command is the Matt
Damon will be determined by their net
member hannah0 wow the smell here is
really potent and over here we have the
plant after it's been funneled through
it says there's still full processes to
go through off this stage why do you
think mistake targets the small-time
dealers and the users and your farmers
but it leaves the drug lords who earn
millions from this
aligned Missouri's very EE mapped Easter
hitman know they know fed to a Lily he
understood how Alicia of tuna la-metal
Olmos area atlatl affirmative do nervous
today Jerry be hood anima be on a beach
rain quickly tournament laser jewelery
alarm Barah aana Sanofi Dellavedova
empty steel billet Olivet Auto Vienna to
libs eras attention declare Mr prettiman
know whereas I issue a lake on whistle
when i whistle machine will jostle me
know if a crewneck - on is when image in
media still beams auto % - marbeth
Hoffer
Venusian burrow sauce Yahoo sooner saw
some now as soon as so can you tell me
about Hezbollah's involvement in the
trade because in this area is largely
controlled by them Hezbollah a
beautifully lit little Haji chilliness
is Ines jarate she's our mama sorry
actor in centimeters below is a
necessary to sir mama sorry le village
de limit regime a pillow later on my
husband Baroody later here tell I drop a
about Sydney do not be sure on the way
back to Ali's house and it's blacked-out
plateless 4x4 he told me more about
Hezbollah's presence in the area
is a merger on other table is an hour
man
Lord Mayank Paducah I could have all of
us after Johannah bar but to happen Alex
we move again Moroccan hashish I see
Banias above our winner
the math hard about the devil isn't he
beautiful visual is near Mia Isabella
people ooh super are you his la la la la
pregunta cloud power is about a lot was
on my mother in serenity Valley you miss
Russia in the war had a helmet down they
were down a bit of territory butterman
is worried but then I wish someone wrote
it livin the dream I swear I remember
smaller while of sanity it always let
Mary I know with eyes now hopefully
the car is full of rocket-propelled
grenade launchers have you ever fired
those at the army before I move out in a
year I'm a blessed they are on what the
Asian lip the stuck over to air it's a
pretty heavy weapon can I say it's in
jschmuldt DJ that's goon know our
Western of all yeoman is just lovely
gonna be there cool was not very bad
joined us there at Birmingham Bob being
on and movie Jaws
we decided we should probably say our
goodbyes to Ally while we were still in
his good books we'd arranged to meet in
secret with a Hezbollah operative to
discuss their position on the trucks
trade we disguise his identity as
Hezbollah notoriously hostile to giving
interviews and going on record could
have serious consequences FEMEN kin it
is like
looking down on the earth Libya Syria
there has been a lot of benefit in any
way from the drug trade financially a
little condition I meant on the feet
Istanbul
RSK heart in a monument to see how many
units you know the one who ought to
poorly on why this Hezbollah not stop
the farmers from growing hashishin areas
wash a husband Amistad he would mumble
article manager she did the Sharia is it
not true that some well-known Hezbollah
donors have been accused of being drug
dealers with links to international
mafia husband almost register the drug
profits
what a nice tool will allow settlement
money
finished on field and in a beside the
same Achilles underhand which were on a
Linda Medina FEMA column but this is
long
over the years the Lebanese government
has continued to clamp down on drug
users and small-time farmers whilst well
known drug lords operate with impunity
while many political factions within
Lebanon have historical affiliations to
the drug trade the main production
sources and smuggling routes today run
through Hezbollah controlled areas and
political donations aside it's hard to
imagine this trade flourishing so openly
without its tacit approval the worst the
drug war gets in Lebanon the higher
prices become which in turn drive up
revenues for the drug lords and crooked
politicians profiting from the chaos
with no alternative end in sight it
looks like next year's harvest will be
as bloody as ever
