it's Monday March 3rd and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines while the
rest of the world is reporting that
Russia is about to invade Crimea a chunk
of Ukraine a bit larger than Vermont
Russian media makes it seem as if no
conflict is taking place contrary to
expectations rights Russia today
security in Crimea has become much more
stable the state-owned media outlet
shows scenes of families having tea
posing with military and enjoying a
normal afternoon in the port town by all
accounts not preoccupied by Russia's
military drills some are directly
linking Russia snap military drills with
the tense situation on the peninsula
however Russian military officials have
denied there is any connection saying
the maneuvers are being held hundreds or
even thousands of kilometers away and
die simply routine at least 74 people
have been killed in three separate
attacks in the northeast of Nigeria
allegedly masterminded by Boko Haram a
Muslim separatist insurgency group these
attacks are part of a recent escalation
and indiscriminate violence that has
left hundreds of people dead in the last
two weeks the group claims to be seeking
to establish an independent Islamic
state but since its rise to prominence
in 2009 victims of their attacks have
included Christians and Muslims as well
as children in a Nigerian boarding
school while the Nigerian government
claims to be reining in the insurgency
group a governor of the region has
expressed concerns citing that Boko
Haram is better armed and better
motivated as another part of Pakistan's
first ever national internal security
policy aimed at combating extremism
madrassas are being placed under state
control madrasahs are Muslim only
schools where children study theology to
become religious clerics or teachers and
the reason why these 22,000 addresses
are being taken over by Pakistan is
because some of them are widely believed
to be spreading extremism throughout the
country these schools are accused of
receiving funding from unidentified
sources and the publication and
distribution of hate material back in
August the US Treasury placed sanctions
on a madrasah and Peshawar calling it a
terrorist training center Chinese media
blamed Saturday's knife attack where 29
people were killed on the Weger
separatists in the Xinjiang region
tensions between we Gers and the Chinese
government has been high for a while we
Gers face religious restriction and
discrimination from
Chinese government according to local
activists there are Sunni Muslim Turkic
minority group and along with other
Muslim detainees after 9/11 they were
rounded up and sent to Guantanamo Bay we
Gers are the same group that Chinese
authorities claim is responsible for
driving a Jeep into Tiananmen Square
last October killing five people
even though hundreds of people have died
in recent years from clashes between we
Gers and the government what's different
today is the crossover of violence into
the larger civilian sphere as with the
attack in Tiananmen Square and at the
train station
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
to watch our latest original reporting
and documentaries from around the world
saying cause been coming in all day it's
been pretty hectic so I think it's gonna
be a long long night
they're passing us already
