South Sudan only gained their dependence
in the north in 2011 but now the world
youngest country of the race lips in
civil war no outside observers know for
sure how the war began the government
claimed that the vice president Riek
Machar tried to launch a coup against
the President Salva Kiir and when that
failed fled north to begin the bush
rebellion the rebels claimed with some
accuracy that the Keir government has
consolidated power into the hands of the
dominant thinker tribe threatening the
transition to true democracy what is
known as a thousands of people have been
killed hundreds of thousands of
civilians have fled their homes and that
both sides have committed major human
rights abuses including the murder of
civilians and on tribal fault lines
South Sudan's an incredibly difficult
country to report from partly due to the
complete lack of infrastructure outside
the capital Juba and partly due to the
heavy filming restrictions imposed by
the army an al Jazeera journalists had
just been arrested then deported the
claiming the rebels are about to take
the capital for days the government has
forbidden us to film almost anything but
then they summoned us to a meeting which
turned out to be a press conference
we are we are a very very near support
and there is no fight here but the
police do you know the civilian those
knots earlier they always panic and the
telephone the very dangerous do you see
the media you were all are very serious
and even myself I'm either arrested or
have I run away these are rumors so
there is no fight near here now that's
missing
there is no a tribe that would make a
country so I want to tell my soldiers
that please refrain from this tribal war
so can we get water fights with you
so that was the press conference we
accidentally gatecrashed
the mesh is pretty clear a lot of rumors
swirling around that the rebels were
advancing on Juba one of the generals
here that's not true and generally they
gave a message of peace of
reconciliation they're saying we're all
brothers we're all South Sudanese we
should leave politics to the politicians
put aside tribal differences try and get
through this finally getting slightly
outside riba almost clearly a very
guided structured crystal none of us
have any idea where actually going but
whatever it is it's something the army
obviously wants us to seek a
plainclothes security officer drove on
ahead of us leading us to the village
the seem to care for the orchestrated PR
stunts
we always like peace that is why even in
spite of this clashes around Southern
Sudan we are praying for the sick people
I will recite the Salva Kiir my guitar
resident in joining us Southern Sudan is
one we want a real mature to come and
compromise the dead bodies are enough
playing now they are tired of work
people or need peace after a few minutes
we rushed back onto the truck for the
next stop on the PR tour
major what's happening out
Jenica okay the situation is normal here
is that why you're taking us here to
show us the situation the fighting in
Juba may have finished but things are
still far from normal
we're driving through a ghost town that
truck just ahead of us mo there the
moral operations on that propaganda
rollin for South Sudanese army they're
taking instance weird and slightly
creepy tired at all
stops here I don't know why finally they
took us to an abandoned district
formerly lived in by people from the new
air tribe they gave us just a few
minutes there to film watch the whole
time by our military escort according to
the UN in human rights watch hundreds of
new air men were massacred here by
government troops as two weeks earlier
they love this either because the
fighting was here you see that but now
the people are trying to come back they
will come back because these soldiers
here are in what used to be the the
newer districts of Juba innumerable fled
they were hiding in the UN mist base
down there one of the soldiers took us
here said when he knew who were killed
he wouldn't say who by if you come and
filming here alone the army arrested the
army took us here they come to show us
that everything is ok how is security
now nothing else we're gonna get from
these guys
they were never going to show us where
the bodies were buried and because we
didn't push it the chose to send us up
to the front line
