are you rethinking min-jung one with the
fleeting would have happened without you
pretty part of it I think they're not
awareness to a lot of things on the
world was again and I think North Korea
so gave you lot of people opportunity to
do this conference now and I hope it's a
success
doors opening back again well you know
who knew who knew this won't happen five
six years ago
I understand yours it's a pleasure to be
speaking with you this morning's got to
be able talking all right I'm come here
I just want to say you're doing a great
job and I have Dennis with liked you
very much you know it was my intention
in the beginning of this whole situation
as far as like you know being connected
with North Korea but it seemed like it
turn out to be a very very important
event today so I gonna have to be a part
of it when you see Donald next time
condemned oh say hi to me and say dance
I would love to shake your hand
all right thank you very much for having
me thank you
have a great day where the Secretary was
the singer to press one that was most
she said something nice huh Sarah
Saunders yeah not a bad way to start the
day in there the president of identify
did you give him credit
oh really give me some credit
nice job and from it we became friends
like right away we really decide that
when you think in Japan we just clicked
you know listen we we were saying
karaoke one night and we just thought we
just kind of wisely select I got I've
been known as guy's wife seems like
and what was your impression of him with
your fungi with you the fungus we had a
couple choice together and it was just
happening was like it's like going to a
karaoke bar
does he drink what kind of stuff do you
talk about with him this life this life
it was coming to America all through a
game your trunk
no sir take the credit for it all this
possibility that's how I happen for the
world take it just said known as the
fact that you know somebody had to open
in someone's eyes to see what will
really go on the wall so I was that guy
to open eyes and they follow through
with it is for Seinfeld giving people
that the knowledge that we can maybe
work together you saying you don't want
to take credit those two individual that
did that today that's which one he knows
guys on them you know we just need to
support it if we don't support it I
think we have another battle we had to
fight now why didn't President Obama
listen to you why didn't the previous
administration listen to you he came
back from this no clothes he just won't
listen me at all I mean he was just so
you know trying to be the first black
president ever so sit like that about
the he was like you know the King on a
massive show you know he will
listen to me not beg him to talk to me
and I said I just want to talk to you
when we turn White House this talks
tonight talk he will give me time a day
with it doesn't chompers drop his
club
if you heard that he won the Nobel Peace
would be shocked like a you
be shocked as hell right you'll be stuck
and don't be surprised if I win that one
or two just because of that
that's because that sit down I think you
deserve an award for your involvement
yeah I do yes I do
Nobel Peace Prize come on this board is
getting bigger and bigger yeah I deserve
that give me that
so I'll take that are you talking to the
camera because you think if you put the
put it out there or you'll be right yeah
Nobel Peace Prize
you
