it's Friday februari 28 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines they
call it the silicon valley of india but
bangalore's booming tech industry has
made famous for something else
generating thousands of pounds of
electronic waste now a problem that was
caused by tech companies is being solved
by one a company called mindtree has
created software that can instantly
track the city's waste and will divert
recyclables away from bangalore's dumps
to where it can be collected and sold
bangalore generates about 13 million
pounds of waste every day and about
one-fifth of that is recyclable air
pollution in southeastern Iran has
gotten so bad that blood banks are
rejecting donations from residents of
the area locals are breathing pollutants
from the nearby south pars gas field
that eventually make their way into the
bloodstream officials say they don't
want to take a chance with the tainted
blood one of the so-called Cuban Five
spy ring has been released after 15
years behind bars Fernando Gonzalez and
the other four members of the group were
convicted on conspiracy charges in 2001
they were also convicted of being a part
of a spy ring sent by former Cuban
President Fidel Castro in the mid-1990s
to keep tabs on Cuban exiles he is the
second of five to complete his sentence
and be released the release has been
widely celebrated in Cuba and across
Latin America a leak at an underground
nuclear waste facility exposed 13
workers to radiation two weeks ago
that's according to the Department of
Energy the dump is about 25 miles
outside Carlsbad New Mexico and even
though the employees were checked for
contamination before being led off the
site the biological samples taken that
day are only now showing signs of
exposure to radiation officials say that
their analyses of air samples near the
plant show that a container of waste
leaked but it could still be weeks until
they're able to get underground and find
out what caused it check out the vice
news YouTube channel to watch our latest
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world so massive I mean
even looks
like a weird dictatorship theme part
everybody loves energy nobody wants in
their backyard it's just the nature of
the beast is something we deal with all
the time sure dad hey dick amor de
l'Ã©mission good Felicia test erotic
Adam as Mademoiselle
