everybody loves energy nobody wants it
in their backyard it's just the nature
of the beast is something we deal with
all the time nothing we can do to stop
that but we just try to remind people of
the big picture our modern society more
than ever before relies on electricity
and energy to move around and to play
and to live so we need to find the best
way possible to generate transmit and
transport those energies in a way that
people have a quality life around them
we're here in Whiting Indiana at the BP
facility right outside Chicago which is
just this massive industrial wastelands
and students going to be home to the
second biggest petroleum coker in the
United States of America and what that
means for the residents of Chicago we're
about to find out
the Alberta tar sands are about 2,000
miles from Chicago but they might as
well be in the backyards of the people
of the city south east side petroleum
coke or petcoke a byproduct of the oil
refining process is piling up on the
banks of the Calumet River and blowing
into the adjacent neighborhoods kcb ex
terminal is a subsidiary of Koch
Industries is storing the dusty
byproduct after it's shipped across the
state line from the BP refinery
No
late last year the Illinois EPA hosted a
public meeting to discuss a proposal to
expand kcb access storage facility the
company needed more space to accommodate
bp's growing out put my granddaughter
over clothes pitch black needless to say
people were angry or your tastic wait
the line i mean their light even though
those paper doesn't cover everything
that i read between the lines emergency
action right now based off of all of us
in with this collective the mics that
whole process it's almost like they put
it back on the community like okay we
know that you guys are experiencing
something but here's what you can do
about it and it's like no what are you
going to do for us when do we catch a
break
you know when can we you know relax with
our families at the park you know we
can't we have to keep doing this work
but this is how it is this is what you
do this is what this is you know we
can't just sit by and let this
happen right but we also have to connect
this to bigger and broader issues that
are happening not just here in South
Chicago but throughout the country and
in the world
we are at a crossroads in the United
States presidential approval for the
construction of the Keystone XL pipeline
is pending and for better or worse
communities throughout America will be
awash with oil from the Canadian tar
sands if the pipeline is approved
supporters promise cheaper fuel and
reduce dependence on foreign oil from
less friendly countries critics fear
more damage to an already fragile
environment but Kate showed me a
tangible example of what was to come
if heavier oil continues to be imported
and refined in the United States you can
see that it's really just the residue
off of the the lid I was really fine
yeah yeah so it blows around easy when
you put it on your hand it leaves a
residue it doesn't wipe off like dirt
like you have to go and scrub your hands
with soap and water after this so
another group went on to the north cite
the case EBX North cite and they just
scooped it up and then they got kicked
off but you know each other is yeah so
it's on the hundred street bridge you
could see this large black area yeah
that isn't big and so this is the bridge
this is a major you know thoroughfare
and then this is the 106 Street bridge
right here and this is the site they
just acquired so basically where that
this pin is here and then where this pin
is here that's all owned by the Koch
brothers and where are we right now this
is where we
this is about a quality of human life
and disrespecting it then devaluing it I
still have this stuff I can't get the
stuff off my fingers yeah yeah I'm gonna
go wash my hands
petcoke like coal can be burned to
generate energy but it creates more
pollution the EPA is no longer granting
permits for the burning of pet coke in
the United States but it's stored in
Chicago before being exported abroad to
be burned in countries with less
environmental regulation like China so
is this a waste product or product pet
coke is a byproduct of the oil refining
process the key is that I thought I
hazardous waste it's not a waste product
yeah it's a residual carbon really just
a a waste product of petroleum refining
it's mainly a carbon particle so I guess
it would be most analogous to coal dust
and so it is not just a nuisance it's
more than a nuisance coal dust and
carbon particles have been shown to
cause fibrosis lung disease which means
scars in your lungs it's been shown to
cause emphysema just as if you smoke
this kind of particulate or dusts can
really cause problems and as an
occupational lung specialist we see lots
of groups of workers that have inhaled
dust as part of their jobs who get over
met a long time and get very severe and
serious lung diseases
well this is the waste stream from one
of the dirtiest oils known to planet
Earth
it is filled with all kinds of residue
from sulfur to heavy metals and this is
just the beginning when they're up and
running they will be pumping out six
thousand tons a day what will happen
with that BP recently spent 4.2 billion
dollars to upgrade its refinery to
handle heavier oils its petroleum coker
the second largest in the world is
scheduled to come online in late 2013
when it does residents fear that the
dust will only increase as more petcoke
is transported across the state line
into Illinois for storage I hopped a
boat with Peggy Salazar and Tom Shepard
from the southeast environmental task
force to see where the pet coat was
piling up so these barges where you see
they're covered up pretty much those are
all going to be carrying pet coat from
the BP refinery over here now some days
the entire River has been cluttered up
with the barges the neighborhood starts
a half a block from that pile right on
the other side of those piles of the
community
so how long has this been an industrial
hub for though is this going back
generations
well 1874 was the first steel mill that
was Wisconsin steelo's originally called
brown steel and all along the river
different industry started growing up
around that time and all throughout the
whole 20th century and around 70s and
80s the steel and and up to 1990 steel
started to close it up and getting out
of here out of South Chicago but there's
no more mills around here today you know
but now we're still being dumped down
with this now you got the terrible
pollution put no jobs to go with it
exactly I say it's an environmental
justice issue because whiting is
predominantly white compared to our
neighborhood our neighborhood is
majority-minority and so it just dumped
here any place you can see has dumped
all over us you know to be perfectly
honest with you I think that they just
thought that this was going to go under
the radar
wouldn't you say I mean that's how stuff
gets done around here you can see that
there's at least at least how many
blocks long a train of open cars with
this stuff piled in there they're not
covered when they're moving no doesn't
look like it no that's a long-ass train
that's a that's a long train I use no
much comes in the stuff that I was
playing with over today it doesn't seem
like that's gonna stay put no I can only
imagine what the banks the Calumet River
would look like after bp's Coker comes
on line
but this neighborhood had a long
industrial history how was petcoke
different than other things stored and
manufactured here what were the real
risks associated with its storage I sat
down with some local experts to find out
there was no warning given to the
community and I think this is one of the
problems is that this is a different
type of material in the midst of this
community and there is a certain amount
of complacency among officials that this
is what happens in the south east side
of Chicago it's a sacrifice zone and you
can dump stuff there if you're gonna
stop this from happening there isn't
that going to kind of kill off a lot of
jobs that are in the community are this
will not kill off any jobs in the
community there really are no jobs
associated with this and this is what's
different about this 50 years ago you
had 300,000 people employed at US Steel
today how many people employed there
none 250,000 down the street at
Wisconsin steel today none so you've had
a whole range of highly productive
industrial economy where you had the
creation of a the social compact that
defined America in post-war period where
you had high-paying jobs where people
could earn a serious middle-class income
have health care have pensions all of
which they had reasons rely upon
good schools and a future for their
families and children this petcoke is
the opposite of that it is an attack
upon the community not a way to create
an avenue and bridge forward to 21st
century economy
we went by that we wouldn't have people
any industry any where there are going
to be people next to certain industrial
activities but there's energy or
manufacturing that aren't engaged
specifically in that process that
doesn't mean the process shouldn't
happen
it means the process should be done
safely but that doesn't mean that just
because they don't get a direct benefit
up in that job from that plan doesn't
mean that interest industry shouldn't
exist in that area both businesses like
the people who are dumping petcoke here
and some government regulatory entities
think that well this has been a dumping
place before we can make that happen
again
this is not unrelated to the future of
many many many communities in the United
States and elsewhere it's not just
something that's fetched up on the
southeast side of Chicago we're looking
at this happening in st. Louis we're
looking at Houston we're looking at it
in Toledo town after town city after
city where as this dirty tar sands oil
comes in the United States more and more
communities are going to be directly
affected in their backyards that's not
specific to the oil sands of Canada it's
specific to oil of any kind so I know
some people are making this issue about
oil from Canada which we have a lot of
in Illinois but if we stopped all the
oil from Canada we would still have
petcoke because it comes from the oil
refining process so it's not a hazardous
waste it's not specific to Canadian oil
the focus here is the dust
there aren't long-term studies of the
health effects of petcoke in particular
so I think it would be incorrect to just
say because there's no studies that it's
healthy you know it's mainly a waste
product and there haven't been long
large cohorts of people working with it
to know but that doesn't mean that it's
safe so I think why would we want this
in our neighborhoods and why would we
want to wait for a community-based
outbreak of worsening asthma or other
diseases instead of just mitigating this
exposure it just seems silly the key
issue is is that dust coming from the
petcoke piles if it is then we have to
find ways to do the compass that the fun
ways to suppress the dust better but
where else going to be coming from well
it's an industrial area could be it
could be I mean I have I'm not connected
where it comes from people make the
assumption it comes from those piles and
that's not always the case isn't there a
way to test it to kind of see where and
that's what they're doing now
Oh
