after touring the Afghan National army
bases and seeing their limited resources
we wanted to see how they operate during
a foot patrol after Matano oh so I do
that video journalists rarely gets in
bed with the inning so when they do the
A&A tries to make sure that nothing
happens to them if anything did it would
make them look incompetent which is a
word that many use to describe them so
naturally they placed a lot of
restrictions on where we could go and
they try to avoid taking us anywhere
near fighting finally they agreed to let
us touch brown outside of the military
base for what they said was a routine
foot patrol we're following the path of
the foot patrol and we're going to make
our ways and the villages there's been
no sign of the enemy or at the sign of
the Taliban and it's been pretty
peaceful and quiet that's not really a
peaceful Navi a mossad after Yacktman
october goomar or Tibet they saw them
ishaq against Manette William Cavendish
manager here you have the Afghan
National Army and then you have the
Afghan National Police then there are
the local police who fall under the
command of a local warlord known as
Abdul Raza
not sure how quickly they'd be able to
respond to an attack as a smell of
freshly smoked hash lingered in the air
thank you and for that we host a
magnificient the same one after you I
give him over to make it better so that
back after that that I saw dr. Kerr with
Enric are using our leader after an chat
or sugar shatters yeah except for the
elements now my just saying that
anybody's then we got to see yet another
layer of security in Kandahar either
member of the local police or maybe just
the local militia was not very happy to
see us wandering around the bizarre
things quickly turn into a power
struggle about who controlled what
as more responsibility falls on the
police communication between the two
security forces become key
the next morning the AAA promised to
show us what a real patrol of Kandahar
looked like we can help and notice that
this time everyone had body armor
throughout 6:20 a.m. and we're just
starting on a foot patrol or walking to
this other camp called Shikari and then
from there is actually where their foot
patrol starts where they'll go through
the villages there
most mouth-watering give a commendable
look that guys make as PPR that key as
chemical or can't be mocked a ball fin
Filippo Strozzi hotel is gone Martin
Valley fog foggy fog Hakimullah beaten
path parole board level code for there's
a tribunal - for the board 90-foot girl
a bit more homology sorry Ramona before
Muhammad Musa Yamazaki new billet a team
of ten years - knock on debajo de la
services multimers Yippies Horace Omaha
but boom boom boom culture is you don't
monkey most people are used to it now
the local your dear local police coming
again this is the America yoga
mobile mm you wanna do
so now everyone you see here is from the
LP the National Police and the local
police are now in control of all the
checkpoints and the security in the
cities and villages the local police or
the LPR officers appointed from the
villages they are patrolling and can
choose to wear local clothing kind of
like a community watch I know I think
it's just funny because those guys are
just kind of walking ahead and these
guys are like you know staying in Carter
Paul checking for everything
the police work very closely with the
with the AMA they deliver reports to
them and then ena analyzes this so
they're always in contact I mean the
ministry does support the police here
careful when you're walking down the
street here there's a lot of Mines
so he's like make sure you step foot on
where you've seen like foot steps before
but I like it's everywhere now we have
our D miners in the front
there's only two guys with the metal
detectors who try to see if they can
find mines on the way and then each of
them have a person who would guard them
and make sure that while they're
checking the ground and looking down
they have someone that is looking out
for them but I mean IQ then I'll uncheck
the corner and that is you know kids
master semi-nice you know father master
citizenship a they're doing their
patrols the AENA and the police forces
must honor the local custom of asking
for the women to leave before they enter
at home traditionally if the women of a
house mixed with strangers they can be
put to death
the secretary said career up in the
media's the smell or your number after
the price yes does the morning so cute
majora you must must Miata well there
must be mega evolve on America
co-publisher bus service Tokyo actually
not even will master kundo pencil fish
in Jacob Africa coaster within tolerable
homage of dance madam chicken gonna put
a semicolon
the boy who does a minute who didn't
even equally give your bigger orlimar
don't be self-conscious as us yet is he
foolish on amateur make another show
make a mocked up but about your Shah
Mardan tariff door in amitabha's of
charger would you know League dollar
you're like a total revolution fish in a
Tokyo karate huh
the harlot will not make do a bitch new
duty he obeys me at the clinic measures
the wealthy just okay told chase it you
were a cares no sticky ki-moon colic but
killing it
Albemarle top geezer another the tool
Halligan pin Ruth cattle char cooking I
mean this have I used to live here these
to cover this area and I'll be seeing
this past five years they've left and
the villagers who we saw along the way
been living here for years like 20 years
50 years 30 years have their own homes
back again random searches by the Army
have become part of everyday life in
Kandahar if not Afghanistan in general
but the army insists the war is winding
down and they are retiring to their
bases leaving day-to-day security in the
hands of the Afghan National Police who
we would soon meet that they come to New
Zealand metal finishes that's erotic
Adam as one to Mazzara econom√≠a
technically the bottom Azhar
you
