violence return to the streets of Kiev
again as Tuesday when police and the
euromaidan protesters clashed outside
the Ukrainian Parliament
the police chased protesters back into
Independence Square and attempted to
clear it but were unsuccessful
guns were used on both sides resulting
in the deaths of 25 processors and
police a truce was in place throughout
Wednesday but deadly violence broke out
again on Thursday after the police pull
back from their positions in the square
and the protesters around
in retaliation the police opened fire
with ak-47s and sniper rifles killing
over 70 protesters in the bloodiest day
of the revolution in Ukraine's
post-soviet history the next day in an
emergency session of Parliament MPs
voted for early elections in December
but protesters were not happy with
President Yanukovych still in power they
felt betrayed by the opposition who gave
the president until 10 a.m. the next day
to resign or they would march from
Parliament on Saturday morning
protesters are taken over the Parliament
building and the surrounding government
offices the police were nowhere to be
seen in MPs were voting to impeach
President Yanukovych and immediately
released former Prime Minister Yulia
Tymoshenko from prison upon leaving her
prison hospital she headed straight to
Kiev first laying flowers at the spot of
where a protester had been killed and
then to Independence Square where she
spoke to a roaring crowd after her
speech that was finally a celebratory
atmosphere as the compare on stage
called all the Maidan protesters heroes
and thanking European nations to helping
them to victory
fireworks were let off on a national
anthem sung by the tens of thousands
gathered in the square it had been a
violent and shocking few days for
Ukraine but ultimately the protestors
victorious in their aims to topple
Yanukovych and install a new government
it remains to be seen however whether
this new government can fix the country
and keep the empowered protesters happy
you
