it's probably the greatest single threat
that we as a global society face right
now we really need to look at what's
happening the way that we've been living
our lives isn't working out for us our
world as we know it is endangered we
asked people around the world what they
thought the big issue is what this is
one of them
my name is Pablo we're in Los Angeles
California my name's Delaney Edward
rickston city 11 New York I do believe
in climate change there's something
going on that the climate is changing I
think it's impossible not to believe in
climate change when you see the
devastation that's going around the
world
we're already experiencing climate
change we know that the worst is yet to
come
and these aren't far distant impacts you
know we're talking about an ice-free
Arctic in the next sort of four to five
years that could have devastating
consequences for the entire planet and
fundamentally alter life for humans as a
species we are treating this planet
Earth
it's not gonna come back to us it's not
gonna affect us it's like we throw and
we think yeah if I throw garbage in this
area where I don't live I don't care no
this is gonna come back to you
eventually and we will all suffer from
that hi my name is Mayan Cohen young
people have a lot at stake they are
already going to experience a world
where climate has changed in their
lifetime and for generations to come
the proof is all around us right like
already this year the US has had record
low temperatures Australia record highs
in Europe there's some of the worst
floods in over a hundred years you know
when we have 97% of climate scientists
who dedicate their careers to learning
about climate and every international
science
the world agree that climate change is
real and human cause I know it's crazy
but there are still people that don't
believe that climate change is caused by
humans of course the climate is changing
but I think it's a natural progression
of what happens to the earth and the
planets as time passes I don't think
what we're doing is affecting the
climate possibly we are responsible for
climate change if we do have control
then it might be more our fault than I'd
like to think it is I definitely think
it's the media's responsibility to
change the perception among some people
that climate change isn't a problem that
it's scientific anomaly or that it's a
conspiracy theory but Media values
debate it's it's conflict and debate
that makes headlines that sell stories
the media have to point fingers at the
person's and name names instead of just
saying there's a natural catastrophe
here there's a climate change come fling
step the fundamental question is are we
going to leave a planet that's
inhabitable for the next generation or
are we going to condemn them to food and
water shortages to habitat loss and
species extinction well we need to look
at how we can do better to consume less
right bicycle is a bit more maybe walk
figure out a new way to do things and
the time is now to shift the
conversation and the media to what are
we going to do about it and there's
plenty of room for debate there
let us know how you think we should
cover the news with hashtag vice news
