this week on Vice we sent Thomas to
square off animal toughest fighters in
West Africa then we find out how climate
change is transforming our planet it's
very hard to reverse climate change
especially issues like sea level rise
the water is coming in quite rapidly
yes change
no one knows where it's going but we'll
be there uncovering the news culture
expose the absurdity of the modern
condition
that little child has a huge gun this
one isn't really kosher by American
standards
suicide bombers and they were
this is the world through power
a vice
hi I'm Shane Smith and we're here in the
Vice offices in Brooklyn New York
for our first story tonight we go to
Senegal in West Africa there are only a
few countries in the world where soccer
is king one is here in America because
we have baseball football and basketball
and another is Senegal in West Africa
because they have a type of voodoo
no-holds-barred fighting called lamb
wrestling now with unemployment in
Senegal running at nearly 50% what
started as a way for poor villagers to
blow off steam at harvest time has
turned into one of the only ways they
can survive
oh it's Thomas I'm at a Senegalese
Muscle Beach here in Dakar Steves
lifting a 70 kilo dumbbell made of car
parts and I'm about to do the same so
I've got a train for a fight on Saturday
they rustle on traditional style called
lamb here which is kind of like MMA but
with a lot more uh Sufi mysticism
involved when I go in real quick okay I
got to get my weight up a little lamb is
senators national sport and it's top
wrestlers Deion Sanders level superstar
over the last 20 years lamb has exploded
into a multi-million dollar industry
with corporate sponsorship omnipresent
advertising and wrestler salaries
millions
sports journalist Malik vendôme it's
pretty much the Howard Cosell of lamb
wrestling lalito for the vinegar gone
star you so please stop goodie
footballer hey Andy bugs you're Michael
Jordan this in a country where the
average income is three dollars a day if
you can find a job which you cannot the
rise of popular day lamb wrestling
actually coincided with the downfall the
Senegalese economy if the alas like you
know hoop train of all these kids who
can't find work otherwise Goose club -
honking yo Jana - Lu - the Lucid fffc
left for the cars obviously the capital
of lamb rustling one of the major
figures though is this guy Bombardier is
from the fishing village aiming for is
actually a former fisherman self we're
gonna go up to him boards on an hour
north of here and see if we can learn
how to fight and then maybe have a match
there's rustling camps all over Sentinel
to take advantage of the sports sudden
popularity but only a few are presided
over by an enormous megastar like Lamar
yet physically an on-suite
guy is basically a film
for your life
I'm talking right
getting fitted for our gamba original
wrestling gun boom
wrestling itself is your basic
greco-roman grappling with occasional
punches you try to throw your opponent
to the ground and if anything but your
knees and elbows urine what really makes
lamb-lamb though is all the crazy
ceremonial business surrounding the
fights wrestlers enter the ring up to an
hour before their match to fire up the
crowd with traditional good luck spells
the coordinated dancers
the first step of my road to lambda it
scrapping my own signature dance from a
set of stock moves
next came the actual rust yeah okay well
that's bigger yes
ha
yeah yeah citizen I missed a little spot
back there
Oh some super he laughs glasses off we
amazing there before
I thought maybe I'd left a little bad
wind to make his father happy then I
realized he was when getting even one of
his tiny feet off the ground was like
trying to uproot
tree trunk like most things in West
Africa
the most important aspect of land
wrestling is witchcraft each land
wrestler has his own marabou who helps
them prepare for his fight on the
spiritual yeah now gonna grab W my eyes
you guys indica
her what after Isaac okay
the marabou is right to the tailor to
give wrestlers strength and confidence
in the ring
and to guard against any spell or evil
eyes the opponent's can throw at you
this is all accomplished by bathing
yourself in various types of tree was
good it also NASA's UCT I'll come back
for the APIs to give you four are so si
T te NT - laughs - Tom exa 0 TZ Lombardi
is marabou also gave me four bottles of
to go baths to use right before the
fight smile like it yes uncle
alright I just got it um right that's
good you may do it with no laughs I'm
drunk of my omnium cow Aloha look
updated here
I'm gonna holla be my Monday buh-bye the
record low Messina indeed to do mama
Bombardier Rose the quarry by beating
undefeated champion like
the Cinna police might face there's a
Senegalese Mike Tyson but then you taken
it but you left I could depend on you
never to forget
like most Americans Bombardier worked on
a fishing boat before he became a
superstar and it goes without saying
that's the love of sound dogs
if the hometown hero worship seems tens
with a little desperation is because
Bombardier isn't just the biggest local
kid to make it off the docks he's pretty
much the only we're in the fish market
in Ambala doesn't want to be a departure
points for the Senegalese boat people
safely kids who couldn't find work here
went to Spain try to make a living at
saying wall up that's actually Barcelona
Basuki which means Barcelona or death
which is kind of funny ironic because
about 95 percent of those who got boats
here done three on a dog into th oh do
please blue stress Ella if you could
discipline Lolita put on the overlay
jump on top of dr. Bamba consider or
combat league leisure Boublil er
problems in DubLi Las Cruces
while the likes of bombardier Mike Tyson
wrestled a sold-out stadium crowds most
land matches are still neighborhood
affairs held wherever young wrestlers
can find enough space for a ring to test
my training but bar di organized a lamb
tournament his old mum for stopping
grounds as night fell and the drum
circles started trying to play over each
other hundreds of local kids assembled
around the well lip of particularly
literature in the parking lot for
several hours the combatants walked
around the ring dousing themselves in
voodoo water drawing pentagrams in the
dirt and then rubbing the excess
pentagram dirt across their wet bodies
while traditional Senegalese griot
swarmed up the crowd then a lion came
out and did the national anthem of a
party I led an inaugural Chorus Line
thrusting students
after one last Maricopa it was my time
to shine
modeling swimwear for like athletics
I know right
I can't believe I want to either I spent
the following two hours trying to get
Bombardier and his guys to admit they'd
fix the fight but they all insisted I
legitimately bested my opponent and that
my marabou was probably better than his
was lamb is obviously not going to make
every young senegalese can mike tyson
metal star senegalese my class brother
this is a full-blown national phenomenon
the land explosion is bringing in
billions of dollars of outside money in
becoming its own commercial industry
which in a country with nearly 50%
unemployment ain't too shabby still
can't believe it the past decade
was the hottest in recorded history this
has resulted in sea level rise floods
and chaotic storm events for many
countries around the world
this has dire implications because huge
amounts of the global population live at
or around sea level and according to the
latest scientific data the problem might
actually be worse than we previously
thought
we're here in Piazza San Marco in Venice
and it's obviously flooded there
seagulls swimming by why because the
world is sick according to the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
the global sea level has risen 22
centimeters in the last hundred years
and is expected to rise anywhere from
one to two meters in the next hundred
this means that cities like Venice are
in real trouble
 it's about 11 o'clock high tides at
noon the waters as you can see already
coming in it's coming in quite rapidly
the tourist stalls Excel Venice t-shirts
and stuff now so temporary booties
because flooding in Venice is the new
normal
Giorno a bientot no no they're closed
which I can understand considering their
bar is about four inches underwater it's
so prevalent the flooding here that
they've just built a walkway and
everyone's just going about their
business as this is the new normal
how many times a year is is this area
flooding around Urbana a Piazza San
Marco a
intereseted a la cuarta or mature
content in a OD journée alano la leaf a
toda discal Demento globe open global a
evident Ament a sip whoa verificar a
anche per la laguna di Venezia Shinoda
increment i p Colima on yeah no Chico
Alka incremental a phenomenal que por
troppo david e ray en Caressa molto
Therese T en que la vida no como una
cosa divertente
para Veneziano momento dear temptation
if Venice is now spending one-third of
year on the water and sea levels are
continuing to rise it means that not
only Venice is facing a problem but that
many other cities at sea level around
the world will to varying degrees have
these same problems to deal with in the
near future now to try to understand the
scope of these problems
we contacted Sir Robert Watson a leading
environmental scientist who's once the
senior scientific adviser to the World
Bank we clearly see changes in
temperature we clearly see patches of
precipitation patterns with all floods
and more droughts we are seeing sea
level rise once you get to half a meter
one meter one and a half meters and then
these are the white series of things but
many parts of the world potentially
displacing large numbers of people in
coastal areas low-lying deltaic areas
small island states etc small island
states are really quite threatened one
small island state that is particularly
threatened is the Maldives
a far-flung nation that is composed of
1192 islands spread out across the
southern Indian Ocean
the Maldives is one of the lowest lying
countries on earth never rising more
than eight feet above sea level and
because of its problems with climate
change Maldives has become the poster
child for the climate reform movement
because what's happening today in the
Maldives is in the mail for the rest of
the world as sea levels continue to rise
you know Manhattan is as low as Mali if
you cannot defend the Maldives from
climate change and sea level rise you
will not be able to defend New York and
you will not be able to defend your
homes either Mohamed Nasheed is the
ex-president of the country has also
been called the Mandela of the Maldives
due to his many stints being imprisoned
and tortured while campaigning for
democratized country and after finally
winning the presidency in 2008 he
immediately began a global campaign for
climber famously he carried out one of
his first cabinet meetings
underwater in an effort to bring global
awareness to the fact that this country
is disappearing into the ocean y'all
actually trying to hit the world norm
what will happen to the more beds if I'm
a change is not checked president
Nasheed traveled around the world
seeking to ratify agreements that would
slow down the effects of climate change
his message was simple what's happening
to us now is going to happen to you
later
in 2009 he personally addressed the
United Nations and delivered a very very
drastic message the threats posed to the
motives from climate change are well
known weather events will make it harder
and harder to govern the country until a
point reaches when we must consider
abandoning of a homeland now because of
his environmental campaigning his
radical reform ideas the she'd was the
victim of a military coup in 2012 2000
him from off
and despite being continually under
threat by the police military he's
persisted in delivering his message of
democracy in climate traveling on a
growing flotilla of fishing boats that
sails from island island gaining public
support for his environmental platform
you know we are in a very precarious
situation we have 16 islands now that
needs relocation it already
so you're basically living climate
change yes in your environment daily
here at the ball this you would see when
you go how can is these islands are
right sitting on the surface of the
ocean it looks almost kind of impossible
to survive
we met up with this flotilla follow
president fishing his tour preaching for
the return of democracy and the
continued perils and financial
and as the flotilla past an island
president Nasheed stop the boat to
explain what is happening to us you can
see if you have a look at that Island
you could see the trees diminish in
there this island has suffered
particularly badly we would have to go
into very heavy adaptation measures
right we go to break his embankments and
then it means that kind of thing but you
can't do that for the two thousand
islands but that's in education is is
it's not the way to go about it you you
won't be able to adapt when climate
change kind of goes in two three four
you're looking for new places for your
country to go if in fact it sinks you
famously done things like looking for
land for your people in Australia or Sri
Lanka India because you don't want to
become climate refugees I believe in the
next century
more than a quarter of the world's
population would be on the move mm-hmm
and it would be pretty chaotic what
happens when bigger countries have the
same problems and they can't go anywhere
well what happens when Manhattan sees
where do they go
I'm only then going to you know middle
of Texas I don't know oh this is just
not only our issue what happens here
happens to the United States and your
people tomorrow and we cannot be so
short-sighted in this so if we don't do
something to stop climate change what
happens we die there is you can't cut a
deal with mother nature everything's no
arms control oh this is not trade
agreement there is no plan B because
there is no plan of tea
I think there's over a hundred cities
with our population of over a million
people currently today on in coastal air
every one of those would have to think
how would they protect themselves you
can build infrastructure to protect
yourself from sea level rise or you can
retreat and you can move inland however
can one imagine moving New York City
can you imagine moving Washington DC and
the answer's no you would sit clearly
what to protect them
humans can adapt to change the
challenges have you adapt to rapid
change how it's sandy which was only a
tropical storm when it hit New York that
clearly was a wake-up call that one of
the most important areas economic areas
of the USA one of the most populated
area was quite vulnerable to a single
storm over there is New Jersey
that's the Hudson River and this is
about three feet of water on my street
this process in New York City goes all
the way down all the way into Tribeca
and all the way to West Broadway lower
Manhattan is completely underwater
hurricane sandy hit New York with a
13-foot Sur that flooded large parts of
the city causing loss of life and over
fifty billion dollars worth of damage
after the storm hit we met with the
deputy mayor of New York Cass Holloway
to discuss the problems the city now
faces due to climate change right after
sandy Governor Cuomo went on record
saying I believe this is going to happen
again climate change is here what is the
city's position on that what's your
position if you're asking the city's
position on whether climate change is
here or is a real concern the answer to
both those questions is yes we certainly
agree with that look at the reality of
the weather patterns and the damage that
it has caused we're certainly going to
see more intense storms that cause
flooding and caused surge and sea level
rise
we have 529 miles of coastline in New
York City sandy really brought into
sharp focuses hey it is irresponsible
for public officials to simply say well
climate change isn't happening
no we you have to say this phenomena is
happening we need to deal with it
now not all public officials share New
York's concern about this issue in fact
many members of the federal government
even deny that a climate change is our
fault and therefore be but there's
anything we can do about it carbon
dioxide is not a harmful gas it is a
harmless gas the science just simply
doesn't back up the the issue of global
warming um yes that does a climate
change of course it does it's changed
for thousands of years the fact that all
this is happening is due to man-made
gases I really believe is the greatest
hoax ever perpetrated in American people
there are always deniers or people are
not willing to accept the latest
scientific information more than half
the American population doesn't believe
it
evolution of which is superb side to
evidence ever since Darwin in an effort
to explain why so many in America
continue to deny this crisis we met with
writer and investigative journalist
professor Christian Parenti on Far
Rockaway Beach one of the hardest hit
areas in New York to hear his thoughts
on climate denial
we've been all around the world talking
to world leaders we've been seeing the
effects we can see it here in New York
why in America do so many people insist
it's not happening there's been a really
concerted effort to invest in messaging
that denies science the fossil fuel
industry
is the most powerful industry in world
history they have enormous amounts of
sunk Capitol pipelines these refineries
the idea of moving off of fossil fuels
on to clean energy is a very serious
threat Koch Industries is one of the
largest privately held companies in the
u.s. it's a major petrochemical oil
refining oil services firm their elite
right-wing political activists it's not
a secret conspiracy they're very open
about it and they invest heavily in the
political process this outfit called the
donors fund has PO need up close to a
hundred million dollars to fund climate
denial right fund bloggers media to deny
a very very broad scientific consensus
yeah they are defending their economic
position very openly by investing in
messaging we are not in global warming
it's a theory it's not a fact it's never
been proven the science is not settled
get off of it now it's important to
remember that America is the largest
energy consumer in the world we also are
the largest polluter per capita we
consume the most oil and are the only
country in the Western world not to have
ratified the Kyoto Protocol clearly
America has a huge negative impact on
the global environment however on the
positive side it also has the power to
affect climate change by altering its
current consumption parameters which it
has to do because if it doesn't we are
all in serious trouble
want to be the leaders of tomorrow you
must embrace the future
it's very hard to reverse climate change
especially issues like sea-level rise
when you set it in motion it is just not
reversible the time to act was yesterday
and the question is how quickly will the
world wake up to the fact we have to do
things differently
ah no mountains of ice are just falling
into the sea we're in for trouble indeed
this is where the Soviets tested all
their weapons listen T up the center of
the nuclear bomb the last six months you
have 9000 ie easy
that's an ie D
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft cam
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
