damnit great welcome to dad opinions
starring John Darnell the dude from the
mountain coats now I get to hear some
death no I'm very excited for this close
well that's really good it sounds so
much like circus lupus you might have
seen me mouthing words that weren't in
the song and those words were I never
felt so sick in my whole life if you
remind us of circus lupus you get your
B+
Oh No Oh No what's happening now
this is so good so this is an 80s
pastiche there's something about
dredging up things from the past that
automatically is a little wistful it
reaches me exactly at some lizard brain
level
well done video age you made a person
who was there for the first wave of that
style music want to cry that was fine
club radio summer track was you can't
say that was fine it's like if you sleep
with somebody and then you dumb enough
to say hey so how was that is it that
was fine you know well then you know
there's time for you to jump out of the
building who was it
well chromeo that was fine that's just
fine
yeah
oh I really like this so this is a
message of feminist empowerment in half
time messages in popular culture that
that spread that gospel are really
important I would like to hear more
things like that on the charts
you
