this week on Vice we send Ryan Duffy to
China for a peek behind the facade of
their booming economy we've walked
around in this gigantic gigantic
building there's no one absolutely no
one here and then we go to Eaton with
the aftermath Ferrum spring is ripping
the country apart strong-ass here does
you a mystery
no one knows where it's going but we'll
be there uncovering the news culture
expose the absurdity of the modern
condition
that little child has a huge gun never
seen anything like this before
looks like hell I was interviewing
suicide bombers and they were
this is the world - power
but hi I'm Shane Smith and we're here in
the Vice offices in Brooklyn New York
China is booming its economy has been
growing with double-digit growth for the
last three decades in fact it's
estimated that China will overtake the
US as the world's largest economy in
just 20 years
but what we don't know much about though
is the health of that growth there are
signs that China is headed for the same
kind of real estate collapse that rocked
America in 2008 so he sent Ryan Duffy to
see what the world's next real estate
disaster might just look like welcome to
the face of China's real estate boom
welcome to tienda Shen China's fake
Paris playground just south of Shanghai
replica Paris leaves a little bit to be
desired a little bit specific remain
humans
what makes this copycat Paris
interesting is it just that it's a
copycat Paris if
- completely abandoned copycat Packers
used for little more than wedding photos
and curiosity see some oh oh oh yeah
okay okay okay
how do you guys truce get married here
yeah yeah the whole thing and really got
greedy
it's not actually a coffee place I mean
this is actually real oh listen weirdest
 Jalen Chavez endured open so she
wasn't touching stolen
video videos and Dolan bored so decided
to build this pretty impressive Raptor
garden Tower which is a fine idea and
then they built all of these parts with
far the I can see which was also a fine
idea until everyone decided collectively
we don't want to live there real estate
has been a major growth sector for the
Chinese economy accounting for about 13
percent of the country's soaring GDP in
recent use but a lot of this
construction has been wildly speculative
sure the Chinese government counts these
projects as growth but the problem is
the China calculates its GDP through
property construction not property sales
people talk about the problem our case
effect to China's GDP is true that you
know 10 years ago China was more about
an export-led economy but nowadays the
property anything is single most
important factor to this the property
market is very much embedded in the
whole part of China growth all the
speculation has led to a glut in the
market there's simply way too much real
estate inventory in China and it's
leading the problems like this
five-year-old billion-dollar fake
parents with an occupancy rate of only
2% and the problems only getting worse
the simple supply and demand theory has
been replaced by build now sell later
voodoo economics that's led to over 64
million empty homes and at least 11
massive empty ghost towns across the
country places like the kangbashi
district de Bordeaux's in China's Inner
Mongolia kangbashi was built in 2004
with cost estimates as high as five
billion dollars and it's a complete bust
designed to hold 1 million people it has
a population of only 30,000
meet Bonner a retired City Court worker
and one of the only cab drivers in a
town that barely needs any cabs at all
so these are all really new buildings
right Oh William before we also loosen
it
select the chair thoughtful yeah just
Norris happy meal cut a lot citrus color
ah did you come to our what's gonna
happen to all of these half-built high
rises jungle Lama their buildings that
are mid construction that are now just
completely abandoned in addition to the
ones that are done and also completely
abandoned
Thank You kangbashi is a stunning sight
block after block massive high-rise
buildings some finished most unfinished
and none with more than two or three
tenants a perfect location for a
post-apocalyptic science fiction film
but apparently a really bad location for
a city so it's totally surrealist you
walk around the city and they're just
endless developments where you see this
on the outside and just Grand Designs
and schemes I'd love to live here but
then you just poke your head right
behind the scaffolding and it's so far
from what they had planned we talked to
a local investigative reporter about how
a real estate wreck this massive is even
possible in modern China Chicago Juanita
negatron Tiguan you wanna see our take
on Tejada come down see aha Straight
Outta Joseph indeed huh
are they don't contradict a larger
Todd's handle
she not even hiding from the Jackals we
all don't come to a lecture hall he
should help cheat your daughter uncle
Elizabeth had a honeymoon check out that
I've heard about I meet with you tell
dr. Townshend of Melina did she cry
Yoshida Motoya work education today are
now
oye Mira la Rocha true at home terrible
addiction heart jump away I'm gone since
coming here in Oregon solution belches
OH - on the mouth hydrologic hi mommy
we're doing our own small sample size
research right now
go ahead and call that one not lived in
so we've come down for flow so far no
residents most of the doors are still
boarded up oh you only go down to the
subfloor see if that I'm entity what's
your guess super-nice ballroom I'm come
back here this creepy as coffin
room if that was your guess you nailed
it
we've walked around this place with
impunity in this gigantic gigantic
building and a bunch of the neighborhood
ones and there's no one absolutely no
one here we wanted to know how the hell
someone sells apartments in a place like
this so we met up with the local real
estate broker to get the pitch is like
me or I never said pretty nice spread
this apartment in Manhattan is don't
channel not only protocol you know
Gloria's also supercharged rocket surfer
by without you back oh the total
generation I know that area - Cisco
sarahbooth Oreo
they look like they're at least two
filled residences over there right you
guys go side yeah do a job I'm a waiter
was there ever any concern as this place
was being built that know if you look
around I'm not really sure this place is
panning out should we maybe rethink this
thing particularly bajo playback
you mean just some secret Yvonne the
colinear coming Eva let's change it to
the photographer - super fun go yourself
that's the - what Goodwin and I soul
into the cocoon is a dive a it's all
either you got the part when you go put
in committed trigger
we knew that there had to be some
serious consequences to all of this
failed construction so we sat down with
Jim Chanos a prominent hedge fund
manager to talk about the current and
potential fallout from these ghost
cities we began looking at China about
three and a half years ago and we were
trying to figure out how it was that the
global commodities markets were doing so
well in the teeth of the biggest
recession in generations and as we did
more and more work we realized we were
looking at something was pretty much
unprecedented in terms of the scope and
size of basically the world's largest
construction site at the end of o.9
China had five point six billion square
meters of property under construction
that equaled a five foot by five foot
office cubicle for every man woman and
child in China and basically local
governments for very very little
compensation are seizing the land
bulldozing the homes that are on that
land and are then developing high-rises
that's just simply a transfer of wealth
and the numbers is estimated to be as
much as five trillion dollars u.s. in
kangbashi it wasn't hard to find people
willing to tell their own stories of
displacement as long as we agreed to
keep their identities hidden even with
nothing left to lose they were still
living in fear of the local government
dodging motion DT D to D when you
Authority with Bashar man generation I
wanna yell audience oohs oh baby - never
tell it to D is your you know all the
other program I know Gandhi viability
measure where is she
we're cool bhishan how Papa dorks
Timmy the pudding well cause y'all talk
but it didn't stop there
not only were the lower-class farmers
essentially kicked off their land but
China's middle class is lost out as well
investing in this real estate with
increasingly bleak prospects of return
Papa so dollar give you candy and
chocolate chocolate any Pedro Chaka Khan
Okura Jota ugh okay I choose a total
party - my Genie audience epc you could
buy hold on I said that you were mommy
you shush me shows you the win here not
variable you follow me Sean
are you better off oh yeah don't do this
 hold on dude Kyle agriculture ah
you too little bit I'm not drawing out
the words here but you can hush wanna
for sure my lobby sir
Pierre Torah you will saw you kill me
out it's hard to overstate because at
the peak of our bubble construction got
to about 16 percent of GDP but one-sixth
it's been running at 50% in China now
for three years three times our love any
entity that relies on a series of
one-off transactions that are uh neck
anomic in order to bolster you know the
country's bottom line not a company's
bottom line is headed for big trouble
making matters worse China is still
building massive projects that are
destined to become ghost towns just like
kangbashi in fact a replica of
Manhattan's financial district - eunjin
is under construction right now it's as
if China either doesn't understand that
these ghost cities are problematic for
the world economy or they're just
choosing to ignore it true fashion Allah
gave a ginger midget with a trip omelet
ingenious yeah oh ha
they generate antennae it's really after
us
China and the US are more and more
integrated than ever before
so if China's economy is from two crash
that's going to be bad news for American
business a few years ago I called this
economic model to treadmill the hell and
I guess I would have to revise that I
saying it's a bigger treadmill but same
destination two years ago Arab Spring
caught the world's imagination young
people rising up against dictatorial
regimes quickly became a global media
sensation and as it turns out the
aftermath of revolutions tend to be very
messy because once the dictators are
finally ousted the resulting power
vacuums can lead to even more chaos and
more fighting Egypt for example hosted
longtime dictator Hosni Mubarek only to
quickly find themselves under yet
another autocratic regime so once again
youth have taken to the streets as the
revolution there continues
better eat instead of that big Scott
Wars inflation went up the economy went
down
Abell what we're hearing is justice for
chaos every person that we've spoken to
no matter what group they're affiliated
with has lost people
they want to continue with the message
that their friends were caring for never
killed
the Arab Spring hit Egypt world was
inspiring even overthrowing an
oppressive dictator 30 years closely
Mubarak the Revolution was a popular
uprising of different groups uniting for
the same calms but it cost 840 Egyptians
their lives and injured at least 6000 in
the process when the dust settled party
most poised to rise to power was the
most organized the conservative Islamic
group the Muslim Brotherhood for over 30
years the Brotherhood was a radical
Islamic organization considered to
extreme by a succession of brutal
dictators so extreme they once counted a
sound bin Laden and his number two Ayman
al-zawahiri as members but on June 24
2012 dr. Mohamed Morsi the Brotherhood's
chosen candidate while the country's
first election by a margin of just 3.4
percent but the honeymoon was
short-lived just months after his
election Morsi granted himself sweeping
constitutional powers earning himself
the nickname Egypt's new fairly we
wanted to understand exactly why
everyone is so angry
so we sat down with emma de llegar and
outspoken economist whose books were
banned by Mubarak
well Aquino little as a lemma stamina
and now italico la women mingi Matawan a
muslim in el magnocellular Guatemala is
Elmer Gleason a Lelouch or talk you ino
mas de filma de Nino Alice Korean way as
ilhoon Yael America says Aloha cuckoo
cuckoo doll a few kool-aid Allah
yeah any dictator LEM me a salah el
asunto de la Mubarak nerves a colossal
taught Hitler making matters worse this
turmoil has all but killed tourism
revenues and deeply worsened Egypt's
financial crisis doc odine academic sub
our sleuthing me he en al you know those
are water said honey holy this our
students for me and I and Wasel big new
Tiger was how many I had were being
merely our doula filler Hillel Orbison
Hayek solid actor me Luxardo work to
tell attention well be tell Allah what
Allah has in sort of an ITV
asthma Cobra this will add that laksa
saw the victim i SES he is our le mock
them I was over to ship an article in
here lend the headed Dhamma bro well
equivalent Azam back know where is the
rage at were see more concentrated than
a three or square
anti-morsi anti-muslim Brotherhood
protest demonstration basically saying
morsi's a liar you should get out now
user at the forefront of the Arab Spring
and again second uprising through both
revolutions Gigi Ibrahim has been one of
their most vocal leaders people are
still out there on the streets because
of anger anger and injustice mercy came
through elections the first thing he did
was give out a declaration that makes
him have the legislative power the
judicial power and the executive power
that's not democracy we're seeing really
a mockery out of this whole revolution
furthering tensions on the ground is the
fact that Morsi has not reformed the
dreaded Ministry of Interior the
security rules Mubarak used to suppress
protesters street
police attack protester in all different
kinds of ways
Norman beeping dragging stripping
torturing
sexual assault these targets eyes I
think at least 3,000 people have lost at
least one eye the lack of justice and
freedom are bringing people into the
revolution even more
freedom of expression is the right that
we're fighting for because it's a right
that we gained after the Revolution that
we would like to keep the refugee didn't
end after or see ultimately the
revolution is continuing and as long as
and the means of evolution have not been
fulfilled
you'll always find people on the street
the anger seemed everywhere so much so
we couldn't even take the subway without
running into
desirable home Stanford Cosette's
there's so much rage directed at the
Muslim Brotherhood so we tracked down
their spokesperson
another Imran to get their point of view
it's a bit troublesome for the past four
and half year but we we are used to this
yes we know it's not that easy Egyptian
people hasn't practiced democracy maybe
ever so can you tell us what the vision
is that the Muslim Brotherhood has for
Egypt we are a society which was formed
to revive the Islamic vision which can
include all aspects of life and now we
have a chance to apply our vision in
Egypt which hopefully will be
successfully there are a lot of
detractors from the psychic people are
saying well nothing's changed we had one
dictator and now he's been replaced with
an even worse dictator how does a
government deal with the situation like
that because when you go out to Tahrir
Square or the presidential palace and
you talk to the taste-off it's crazy oh
yes exactly there were tens or hundreds
of young people who are throwing Molotov
cocktails into the presidential palace
it's unprecedented for example if you
heard about the black bloc yeah the
black bloc for example these are vandals
this is the point I mean it's not a
matter of if you agree with already it
the matter of we don't have a specific
comprehensive vision of what we really
want it's like a child it please ask
them don't tell them so what so what's
what's after what's after this there's
not a guy Egypt's black bloc is one of
the most active groups in the
post-revolutionary Front their name is
dere I'm the black masks and hoods
popularized by Western protesters for
years and adopted by Egyptians to
conceal their identities since Arab
Spring
so this is the martyr wall here is all
the people that have died during the
revolution I'm gonna go be with the
black bloc right now they are a group
that's been labeled as terrorists by the
government they want us to meet the in
an alleyway around the corner from here
no one really knows what their deal is
they're a bit of a mystery alright guys
thanks for meeting us tonight can you
tell me what the main mandate is for
black bloc the little hack concerned
Matt Davis mishits I mean I hang on
Catalina and I'm called solid hakuna
shut up when I'm in tactic black bloc
Nana and had Moses a lot smellier let's
gonna hone Lomond scale bad luck table
from : family black look anomalous
babies with his whole being Jewish to
Beckett like a mascara and his lean
developed suddenly honey where's Lina
tomorrow hugger
let's go a little early I have a news
burner now - good morning difference
being of him
des koala Nessarose our own nests at
elusive our Palace are awfully enormous
eros over you tell me about some of the
sacrifices that you've had to make a
banana lagoon denaro from shock sayin
lower grab a sell-off we know of
anything I can limit the cabinet met
from McCann the result conversely
declare agony column is phenomena a
little higher than air but have a war
then his hunger Charlotte
so I buy a new toaster meal when I -
trust me Misha temper when True Blood
focuses the iggy with a tri-gate attila
the player wanna swim in abominable
scary
these kids have plenty of reason to be
paranoid their friend
Gabbar Salah was only 16 November of
2012 when he took his place on the
murder wall
so we're meeting with some of the
protesters they've agreed to show us
essentially they're a lab where they
make multiple tails and these homemade
bristles in a strange building nice to
meet you
so what are some of the techniques that
you guys use and how do you fight
basically we don't have any heavy
weapons we just have Molotov we need to
to win some field in the battle we're
not terrorists we are fighting for our
rights we are fighting for our country
and so this violence that exists in
post-revolutionary Egypt has it affected
you and your friends and your families
everyone has been affected I've
witnessed some of my friends being
killed they are murders murders yeah and
that gives you even more motivation to
fight I assume yeah so they didn't die
in vain yeah the black bloc informed us
they would be taking part in a massive
protest that
so right by the presidential palace its
two-year anniversary to the day when
Hosni Mubarak stepped down what these
people want is president Morsi to step
down
the barbed wire
the front door of the palace looks like
they're trying to watch the down imagine
that this happened and watch at the
White House
smashing the front did badly police
they start with water than
the first wave of retaliation
and you're done I feel like it just
sends a layer of my skin off
their bill to switch the rubber bullet
elephant male hey Clifford and dirty
Casa de mucho de Casas de Iggy need
Etrigan Atala where has he here solar
exile axel Howlin a legend tenanted
Sheffield multi-camera photo you name la
high laminar in figure
ah poor mountains of ice are just
falling into the sea we're in for
trouble indeed this is where the Soviets
tested all their weapons so this is the
epicenter of a nuclear bomb the last six
months you have 9000 I easy
that's an IE
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
