I'm Shane Smith this is Ryan Duffy we're
here in Athens Greece in the middle of a
protest this week we're gonna be looking
at the rise of the ultra-right and
radical left in Europe just a ploy to
cool
and the unexpected result of China's
one-child policy in China marriage is
not about the romantic love pizza sauce
economical relationships you're the
daughter the other gutter
I got visible stink lines or something
world's changing
now no one knows what's going but we'll
be there uncovering the news culture and
politics that expose the absurdity of
the modern condition that little child
has a huge gun this scene isn't really
kosher by American standards I was
interviewing suicide bombers and they
were kids this is the world through our
eyes the night is
a vice hi I'm Shane Smith and we're here
in the Vice offices in Brooklyn New York
for our first story tonight we go to
China China famously adopted a one-child
policy in the late 1970s
now this controversial bit of social
engineering has led to a lot of complex
ramifications for example there are now
around 50 million that's 5-0 million
more men than there are women which
means a lot of Chinese men are very very
frustrated so we sent Thomas Morton to
China to see just how hard it is to get
a girlfriend this is a junction park in
the middle of Beijing and it's where all
the parents come to basically barter off
their children where they do it is they
make these little signs for them their
vital stats their birthday
what year the zodiac they're born what
jobs they got all these people their
parents trying to marry off their sons
and daughters and I'm trying to hook up
with this woman's daughter
pretty good a little manner yeah
no summits Alma this have any interest
no okay
well how people are kind of running off
from me like I'm you know I got visible
stink lines or something when Mao died
the communist government decided to give
capitalism a gap as they both up their
economy they also attempted to slim down
the runaway population growth that means
the one-child policy a massive social
engineering project that's completely
deranged the dating landscape and proven
that when you screw with the natural
order of things
nature will find a way to screw you
right back freaked out honestly
bewildered by the parents the part I
hired a professional matchmaker to help
me navigate the Maelstrom that is dating
in post one-child China her name is
kitty
so kitty how long have you um how long
you gonna matchmaker Staunton when I was
eight I'm the best matchmaker in Beijing
or all of China I think all of the China
Kitty's first suggestion was to go to a
dating event in sham
so if 100 is a Cisco how will score
yourself 68 68 I don't even think I know
what the criterion is I'm flying blood
and basically should divide it in three
parts one part is how you look like
seems like you are not a like the
American cowboy who is so attractive so
sick of the party is about your income
do you think that you you're wealthy
person in China um maybe in China no how
is your parents do what's their job
oh there are my dad's an engineer you
know that's a good job you sure yeah
yeah yeah ed you guys the only song yes
we're at a point of at least five points
really yeah why is that why because
fathers of the girls will think and my
daughter I inherit all the reels from
your parents but you are one song so you
were at the point okay yeah I have a
sister does that matter I'm no sister
listen girls don't count oh yeah you
China go scoop come
it seems like a lot of this boils down
to money it's a big big thing cause in
China marriage is not about romantic
love
it's about economical relationships so
to emphasize you in canonical power with
my point rating an American persona both
firmly in place I can finally hit the
event and do some dating who there see
you are not cowboy right okay okay
 cowboy what I assumed would be a
giant singles mixer or Chinese
speed-dating turned out to be some sort
of karaoke Dan saw hitting the town's
bachelors in direct competition against
each other for the town's available
females on stage madam Shin desi answers
our Giancana Sutro Atwater him with
lasagna Kodama lumpy n da 0 dance I shot
your holiday wishes for the good amateur
Jews all huh he sure will Hardy giardia
young to lau lau powder pie
painful though this may have been I
really couldn't have picked a better act
to follow
the Josh iMovie look boom our saga
toolbar so special I am a lineman for
the county and I Drive the main road I
can hear you through the something
oh thank you she's out sound search
Holly about I have no idea how any of
this is supposed to work
or help me get laid in the end I was
paired up with a short sort of olive oil
looking girl who I guess likes Glen
Campbell
the event organizers then escorted us to
the matchmaking office for a supervisor
predate and one of their designated
dating rooms
this looks like an interrogation room
what happens in here um this is this
normal dude in Silla like this seems
that seems very odd to me
what uh what do you look for and um then
I kind of it are the traits mm-hmm
as it was it a while since my predate
bombed I went to meet up with the other
competitors and commiserate over some
beers some tell me about what happened
today
how did the dating event go start it up
with Laura
oh yeah come without Oh what I see down
here you guys nervous about getting
older like do you think you've got a
good chance now or do you have less of a
chance that when you're when you were
younger yeah anything I'm right now
Michelle Magendie need are pushing no
pushing me on even yahoolive and junk G
when you hold your tongue woman Bonnie
who i shanked away bunny who yo you got
in considered Santa delivering your for
the sigil our aneema yeah
you move your who did your form oh I can
see Sharon one daughter to a nigga
coming to Darla young what am i doing
Diane if we don't talk if everybody
seems a little hung up on money it's
because they are and with good cause
outside of dwindling state support
Chinese kids are traditionally supposed
to take care of their parents when they
get old before the 80s this burden could
be split among four or five sons but
since one child that one child is wholly
responsible for not only as folks
welfare but his wife's folks to
in China is it more hard to
to find a girlfriend but we have enough
money it's okay if you have had 15 you
can find one girl for the 26 I'm every
angry talking about it yeah yes clubs
like us have always had a hard time
competing against the rich and
successful in most countries though this
just means you drive a shittier car here
in the new Chinese economy it means
you're up against guys who can afford to
put up billboards advertising their
wealth like this guy did this is your
place
this is extremely nice scene that
ballast of the John Waters on canal to
the tree you go for you can wake fine
ah you're watching Giardia the whole
shop on the sofa TV oh water the teacher
will ETA topic window anyway you may
watch from Sudhir Paco said I just saw
rucola for Mia Papua singer composer
pizza Tony Hart Savannah bar front row
way you can tow you shown on your heart
can you explain why I'm why you put up
that billboard did you get a lot of
feedback from it you meet anybody okay
maintenance you at all our back door go
take a photo and she I imagine they're
probably a lot of weirdos uh sir your
hot dog like hard to hurt Savannah
everything we hear about young people in
love in China it always comes back to
this supposed gender imbalance here do
you think that contributes to how hard
it is for guys to find girls Oh teachers
there you go huh tell you me
just a new me you tell you achieve arts
on you so you talk homemaker and I hung
up gone wrong kind of way come do the
coup de come to the sweet one hi oh
what's our something a little higher
kind of unique concert for Conda you can
make you one time Johnny back to your
stance to go higher than what you
achieve eternal interesting much soap
opera was a fun find a certain way that
she used to turn up if I know it's
growing fans isn't it with us a family
with three kids and a deceiver family if
you are yeah right Maya that's the
family you want to have so while the
average kitchen appliance repairman is
lucky not to get laughed offstage by his
towns
women China's princelings not only get
their pick of the litter they can afford
to pay the fines to have the American TV
family that's off-limits to everyone
else this is the madness that one child
is raw and what happens when you attempt
social engineering on a scale this large
the next thing you know you've got a
womanless countryside desperate parents
fighting each other in the park for
their kids to win win shots at marriage
and the literal welfare the older
generation resting on the shoulders of
bunch of only children
financial meltdown that hit America in
2008 kicked off a global economic crisis
that far-reaching aftershocks that are
still being felt today Europe for
example continues to suffer more than we
have here in America is out-of-control
debt and crippling levels of
unemployment this has led to massive
unrest especially amongst young people
Europe's youth have taken to the streets
and are demanding increasingly radical
changes so I went to Greece and Spain
two of the countries that have been
hardest hit to see just how young people
there are dealing with the crisis
young people in Spain are furious
their government's reaction to the
global economic crisis has been to enact
severe austerity measures but have
attacked healthcare education pensions
and other social welfare programs which
made people mad enough but if you add
this to the fact that almost 50% of the
country's young people are unemployed
then you have a powder keg and is
perpetually waiting to blow
Spanish youth are arming themselves and
they're organizing across the country
all with one aim to destroy the status
quo we met with one of these
organizations called Youth without
future just as they were gearing up to
cause chaos on a day of general strikes
called to protest these austerity
measures no new boss
now this was just the first taste of
what we were in for seeing college-age
kids who should have been planning their
night out instead calmly planning to
destroy a city siempre respite ando
estos criterias de los cabos más de Ojo
de que se Mo's Paris lo es su policía
con el dorado yah Talia's Diablos a
price y much use without futures
actually one of the groups that helped
set up the Occupy movement in Spain
which in turn was the inspiration for
Occupy Wall Street here in America and
on this night their mission was to take
to the streets and working in
conjunction with other radical youth
groups and unions to shut Spain down so
you believe that you have to protest and
you have to do actions because you're
without future yeah there is more than
50% of unemployment Youth people we want
to show who is responsible for for the
situation you know it's a new approach
and to organize the 99% you know
wanting to get more of a handle on just
how things got so bad in Spain we talked
to the former chief economist of the
International Monetary Fund Ken Rogoff
who's now a Harvard professor to get his
take on why all this is happening what
we're worried about in Europe today is
that these kind of numbers that we're
seeing particularly in Greece and Spain
they just haven't been seen since the
Great Depression 25 percent unemployment
in Spain and even double that looking at
youth unemployment so it's really
horrific what's going on to their young
people to their economies our first
target is they have been banks
I think the anti banking is much more
Universal you see that around a lot of
the world and I think that anger is a
sentiment that one one this is fairly
universal and does need to be addressed
there's this feeling that something
happened and no one was punished
elecciones qc2 impermissible affair
scholar Kim Sandusky policies in another
bridge scalability of volume to mass is
a radically
always a great day of strike we want the
whole city blocks without any activity
the Youth without future activists we
were following gone out to the streets
of Madrid disrupting as much as they
could so it multiplied the effects of
the general strike the next day and they
must have done a pretty good job because
when the strike hit it completely
paralyzed the city
so this general strike k'tano we shut
down Madrid it's setting out all of
Spain but it's not just here in 23
countries across Europe - setting down
motorways railways airport even subway
it's designed to literally stop Europe
Ignacio escolar a renowned Spanish
journalist explained to us his views on
why things are getting sorrow lo que
sigue la socia spain hola es como los
baños corrientes el miedo hola
una pareja Sauceda está muy a sus tada
Cana Chrissy que esta pensando que puede
la vía peor es intend ando protege lo
poco que tiene lowest ala iridescent ray
no tiene nada no tiene muy poquito
yellow fin quieres que esta no está
siendo suessiones de que tiene dinero
there's about 200,000 people in the
square the police are about to come in
here now and start paddling them they
got tear gas rubber bullets we're going
to try not to get arrested or have this
 out of it
we're gonna come right into us right
here Otto lost honesty goes economic
Apsaras panas son ma recession NOS pero
más de singledom s problemas sociales
me n mess po brezza
yo save a una Salida corto me do plateau
processes Sistina no se política el
miedo que un estudio safi allah k de
repente
and as the protests in Spain spiraled
out of control I realized just how angry
the people really are to what extreme
lengths they're willing to go and that
this isn't going to end anytime soon
the most important thing to understand
about the financial crisis is that it
does not go away quickly they're doing
things to sort of stay afloat but not to
fix the root of the problem they're at
reading this very cautious path which
involves a lot of belt tightening this
idea well if we just wait in a decade
it'll be better I think they've been
overly cautious thinking they can just
throw the weight of the adjustment on
the unemployed particularly on young
people year after year after year but it
certainly you know provides the seeds of
these more extreme views these more
extreme parties part of what we're
worried about in Europe today is that we
are likely to see bigger ramifications
of this extremism than you might imagine
one of the bigger examples of extremism
that Professor Rogoff is referencing is
happening in Greece where the economic
situation is even worse than in Spain
and as a consequence they're almost
daily riot
so we're here in Athens Greece which is
ground zero for the global economic
crisis and as such has seen a huge
increase in radical right-wing and ultra
left-wing parties there's literally
riots every day we're going to want now
these are the police who are gonna
probably fight the Communists Greece is
literally tearing itself apart
right-wing groups left-wing groups and
artists and police are all fighting
pitched battles through the streets of
Athens one group the particularly
exemplifies this extremism in the
country is the ultra right-wing Golden
Dawn once just a peripheral party having
a reputation for being a little more
than neo-nazi thugs they're now in
control of around 10% of the country's
parliament and their popularity is
growing just out out of my country out
of my home everything
public sector illegal immigrants are
using it for free we should seal our
borders and next step is evolution
Golden Dawn blames Greece's troubles on
immigration and much like other
far-right groups throughout history are
not afraid to use violence to advance
their political goals now the Golden
Dawn V what is happening in Greece
effectively has full-on war so we had to
be vetted by their security before being
allowed to visit one of their political
headquarters he also wanted to be very
clear with us what the political
philosophy of the Golden Dawn was before
we went any further
we must clear the Greek race you want to
keep the Greek race we're gonna give the
Greek race clear is the first thing is
to go to the center of Athens
take them put an airport go to vapour
put them in an airplane took them out
right but also if you send a lot of the
immigrants back to Somalia or or
Afghanistan they might be killed I don't
care man I care about Greeks not for
immigrants we don't want to kill the you
know blacks or agents all over the world
we just want to you know to get them out
yes
so after we talked with their security
we were finally okay to go to their HQ
we got there they let us in and why
security is so tight so before this
building you were in another building
another building in the center of Athens
but the anarchists put a bomb and they
destroy it wow this guy is in security
of building down
you must be strict because you've
already been bombed before in the past
ten times ten times you been bombed how
do you keep the headquarters from
getting attacked we have our eyes open
here we have our shop with music black
metal if you know yes sir this is groups
that support the Nationalists idea the
Golden Dawn black medal of collection
and what are the books it's a diary of
Joseph Gables more a historical book for
everyone that they want to learn things
about world war ii world war ii and not
cesium well that does not mean that we
are supporters no no I understand to
meet rebels for my ceremony of building
down and
the ceremony in Athens yes and it's the
same as the old German it's an ancient
Greek Earl ancient Greek yes so these
are ancient Greek symbols as the ancient
Greeks allusion us does not mean that we
shop or not see sure sure but you have
to understand if you see the fire or you
say I understand but we explain that
it's an ancient Greek symbols and as
they grow in power it seems that the
Golden Dawn have realized that they have
to get better at their PR and now almost
at every turn
they'll distance themselves from being
seen as Nazis or even fascists however
this all seems a little absurd since
their party is admittedly based on a
hatred of immigrants and keeping the
Greek race quote-unquote clean they also
carry a flag which is remarkably similar
to the swastika still practice the
infamous Nazi Zig how salute not to
mention distribute books by the old Nazi
minister of propaganda Joseph Goebbels
and we were confused as to all these
apparent contradictions so we asked to
meet with a parliamentary representative
so they could better explain them to us
now in Parliament what's the
classification for gold and on so on you
have Christian Democrats you have
socialists you have communist not
nationally what about people that say
that Golan Don isn't nationalists but
more fascists fascists fastest first of
all it's a tiny important okay and we're
not fascist because we're not Italian
right right
so Golden Dawn won't change will stay
nationalists will stay strong or fight
we'll fight in the parliament and on
street right when she says the Golden
Dawn will fight in the streets she means
that literally and now the Golden Dawn
not only have political power in
Parliament but are also reportedly
gaining more and more support amongst
the ranks of the police who in some
cases have even joined in their racist
beating
see chaos let's say their office how
many fights in Athens are
too many really let's say like a
championship every day they have fights
really the level of political violence
in Greece is stagnant with almost daily
clashes between rival political groups
the golden Dawn's main opponent in most
of these classes for the anarchists now
the anarchists are very wary of talking
to us knowing that we had already met
with the Golden Dawn but finally agreed
to talk to us only if we met in a public
place in a politically neutral area and
only if we agreed to hide his identity
so here we are in downtown Athens so
there's a lot of anarchists stuff here
there's some communists this one says
anarchy equals freedom the anarchists
are fighting the Golden Dawn in the
fascist yeah we're fighting them and how
do you fight them it's a street war
clashes with the Gulf's clashes with
everything destroying losing mostly the
states they're not talking anything
about Golden Dawn they're supporting
them but they're not telling it in front
of the people they have no problems with
them so the government and the police
are supporting all and on yeah if you're
basically the lone hand of the law so
it's a running street fight in Athens
between the Golden Dawn fascist
the a narc is just fighting all the time
and why do you think there's been a rise
in let's say anarchists groups like
yourself or fascist groups like Golden
Dawn world economic crisis right people
are getting more and more frustrated
about the government you can say that
system is repeating itself you like in
Germany before Hitler rise up it's the
same thing exactly it's all about a
defense mechanism of the system because
whenever the state is starting to have
the economic crisis they always turn out
to the far right so in Nazi Germany you
had the depression Great Depression
prolonged economic crisis you know the
rise of the Nazis here you're saying we
have a prolonged economic crisis mr.
Rison advice is surprising and you see
the situation is gonna get better or
worse in the next little while be worse
and it's not just Greece that's melting
down all across Europe people are rising
up and as the economy continues to
suffer especially for young people it's
only going to get worse
what are the long-term consequences of
having a whole generation that didn't
get into the labor force they suffer
their whole lives I don't know how it's
going to play out I think there's a lot
of uncertainty hanging over Europe I
don't think many Americans know that
Europe is bigger economically than the
United States
and if Europe were to have a real
economic meltdown which is linked to a
political meltdown in a way it's gonna
blow up and boy we would feel it
ah cool mountains of ice are just
falling into the sea we're in for
trouble indeed
this is where the Soviets tested all
their weapons this is the epicenter of a
nuclear bomb the last six months you
have 9000 iev that's an IE d
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
