by the mid afternoon we were wandering
aimlessly through the square when in a
moment the mood changed completely
anonymous bombs began exploding as the
unified atmosphere of the day before
evaporated just like the previous day
the Communists led by Parma had been
protecting Parliament refusing to let
anyone including anarchists through
their lines
eventually he Anika's frustration boiled
over and a massive street battle between
the Communists and the anarchists began
it seemed as though the workers militant
front farming had sided with the police
you remember Tommy the nice guys in the
van well they charged us on the rest of
the crowd with massive mallets spreading
terror as the police read tear gas
in different times you could say it's an
act of treason or it's definitely an act
that would mean Civil War we thought the
first time that the doing it in 95 from
the Communist Party called whatever you
want and they were cooperating with the
cops or the right police basically while
this was going on Parliament finally
passed the austerity bill let's face it
it's confusing being in a riot
I saw pom a beating up protesters and
trying to kill us but frankly I was
shaking myself so maybe I'm not the best
judge
I saw a country tearing itself apart but
not everybody agrees personai anemia
Prospera so saddam on open rebellion
against America
Opelousas follows chicka prefer Occupato
communist okoma Cessna Garcia CT Nokia's
naci√≥n hood
well yesterday was one of the worst days
I've ever experienced in my whole life
was something very new to me I'm enraged
depressed and I really don't feel I have
any hope left
we were fighting against each other we
were throwing rocks against each other
and wasn't only Danica's were throwing
rocks even a communist was said they
were even bidding up people it was a war
situation yesterday we got one in the
hand lock I put him down basically
because he was left back so we brought
it down this it's a big hatred between
us against them
femen's non-violent way of facing
oppressors that most people are too
scared to stand up against is pretty
impressive but is using their tits as
protest honors effective or people too
distracted by their nipples to actually
read their messages I guess it's up to
the beholder freman feel that the stigma
around women's bare chests is unfair
that just because they're topless
doesn't mean they should be objectified
maybe their way of thinking is a bit too
ahead of their time
shouting bitches
femin stood proudly on the balcony for
about half an hour while scary thugs
were screaming and threatening them some
even tried to storm the hotel but they
were pushed back by riot police then the
fire brigade probably worried the girls
will be torn to pieces came to evacuate
them
to who
no one is ready to listen to women they
only want to watch us that's why we tell
them look at me but now I'm not smiling
I'm not trying to please me I'm trying
to make you scared
so we're meeting with some of the
protesters they've agreed to show us
essentially they're a lab where they
make Molotov cocktails and these
homemade missiles in a strange building
nice to meet you so what are some of the
techniques that you guys use and how do
you fight basically we don't have any
heavy weapons we just have molotovs we
need to to win some field at the battle
we're not terrorists we are fighting for
our rights we are fighting for our
country
and so this violence that exists in
post-revolutionary Egypt has it affected
you and your friends and your families
everyone has been affected I've
witnessed some of my friends being
killed they are murderers murderers yeah
and that gives you even more motivation
to fight I assume yeah so they didn't
die in vain
yeah the black bloc informed us they
would be taking part in a massive
protests that were so right by the
presidential palace its two-year
anniversary to the day when Hosni
Mubarak stepped down what these people
want is President Morsi to step down
the front door of the palace looks like
they're trying it down imagine this
happen
and smashing the front did badly
young people in Spain of fury
their government's reaction to the
global economic crisis has been to enact
severe austerity measures that have
attacked healthcare education pensions
and other social welfare programs which
made people mad enough but if you add
this to the fact that almost 50% of the
country's young people are unemployed
then you have a powder keg and is
perpetually waiting to blow
Spanish youth are arming themselves and
they're organizing across the country
all with one aim to destroy the status
quo we met with one of these
organizations called Youth without
future just as they were gearing up to
cause chaos on a day of general strikes
called to protest these austerity
measures now this was just the first
taste of what we were in for seeing
college-age kids who should have been
planning their night out instead calmly
planning to destroy a city money just
the surprise use without futures
actually one of the groups that helped
set up the Occupy movement in Spain
which in turn was the inspiration for
Occupy Wall Street here in America and
on this night their mission was to take
to the streets and working in
conjunction with other radical youth
groups and unions to shut Spain down so
you believe that you have to protest and
you have to do actions because you're
without future yeah there is more than
50% of unemployment these people we want
to show who is responsible for for the
situation you know it's a new approach
and to organize the 99% you know
you see we see in fact I ll give some
school boundaries at this scale
boys a great day of strike and we want
the whole city blocked without any
activity the Youth without future
activists we were following and gone out
to the streets of Madrid disrupting as
much as they could so it multiplied the
effects of the general strike the next
day and they must have done a pretty
good job because when the strike hit it
completely paralyzed the city
you
