Sumer a cigar bottom gold had taking
modern world kinesin modern world ha
Otsuka meant a new moon tan Anika means
hundred dollars it's a trauma Monica to
impose whole career on Tintin was a
corrosive sabbatical hum good day cinta
little patio may escape North Korea six
years ago she now lives in Koreatown
which hosts the largest population South
Koreans and North Koreans in the United
States but even Koreatown may lives a
pretty lonely life you don't worry go
out cousin how you don't go toufool can
you tell me about the moment when you
decided that you were going to leave
North Korea time again I'm gonna go
check out the 20 other London day ever
Tory they saw someone get you a civilian
dongha's in nodded sibenik Paris or
error Q maximum contingent de-ager
Hasani ammerman so or ensoniq Orenburg
Hasani tigey he has an armaments auto so
some karate picardy that he did keep on
Jojo gazelle I could sue sue sue sue so
head of Union Pegasus obscure them they
tangle mucosal edema and a caesarean an
OCO may paid a broker to help her cross
into China she thought she'd be getting
a job at a restaurant at the brokers
sold her into marriage
a common occurrence for women trafficked
out of North Korea she spent two years
working in a brick factory before
convincing the man who bought her to let
her go back to North Korea distributing
Toro
chiptune eliminate our Laurel and humble
token and turn Sam beep Elena camerin
agogic Oh in your Monica
hasta ma√±ana techie Janko adores
circuitry logo cohort seiga-san to know
bc2 Damari robots eco-home unit Antigua
Murano colossal becoming so called to
his Honolulu nozzle Tapatio Saiga cotton
candy no danke candy no danke Shoen
sociodramatic Uchiha may escape back to
China and out of desperation she went
back to the man who bought her may
eventually made a way to the u.s. her
son has since gone missing in North
Korea there an estimated 50 North
Koreans living in Koreatown but they
might never meet if it wasn't for Sarah
Cho Sarah runs volunteer organization
that provides North Koreans with
services like ESL classes and help
finding jobs what's life like for a
North Korean here in Korea town some
North Korean they hide the fact that
they're from North Korea they have this
title as being third classes and it's
very unfortunate that among same race
you know people of same language color
and culture you know we have that
discrimination go on do you think a
North Korean would be happier living
here in Koreatown in LA or say in Seoul
here in Koreatown really yes why is that
so I have North Korean friends in Seoul
too so what they tell me is here at
least if you go outside of Koreatown if
you're dealing with non Korean people
when you go outside of Korean community
people just look at you as another
Korean person Sarah wanted to show me
more of the community she works with so
she invited me to dinner how much she
saw
discrimination in Korea North Korea
tweet on it
a mobile look under yoga state will you
are thinking the summit Kim Jong
what North Koreans who escaped the
regime what most is for people back home
to have a chance to survive and that
require the Kim jong-un do something
more than just worried about its nukes
in Jiangsu demongo this harem very
terrible nigga mongrel cochinita
terrible ha ha Dae young cocoon hunter
pebble pebble amongee go sirens go
boko's halakha sneaky calm has man with
her Virginia
you
