rescue teams in Indonesia are planning
to officially end the search for victims
on Friday just over two weeks since an
earthquake and tsunami hit the city of
Palo they found more than 2,000 bodies
and officials say five thousand people
are unaccounted for but they're wrapping
the search because rescuers were at risk
of disease and are likely to find
survivors in the village of Port au Bo
seven hundred houses were destroyed
Chandra Krishna reenter got two pallu
two days after the earthquake hit he's
been working for 12 days straight how
many people are part of the search and
rescue operation here uranium coming but
soon back beams are Captain language
Indra serratus to rule upon personally
me I just can't even understand how you
would begin to try and retrieve bodies
from this disruption because Molly had
access Budokan far too young to cope
mama
Karlis Apollonia TC niandra point we
anchor Sheraton grande without chalindo
coupon process moving dairy korkin
that's another one of the bodies yeah
the neotelha Sallisaw to janazah young
people him I mean transit empty
apartment on stupidity how many bodies
are you finding every day very promising
and her evening perf arias each in
bahasa Luhan compact in an area here
Kumari miss you terminal concept Anya
serratus but pollution villain Corbin
Columbus is imminent gardenia
when you come to a place like this talk
me through the emotions you feel sorrow
secondary science apart a carbon 13 hi
Mombasa secondary power pop Anita della
Santina he took over casaya jetty
science research on pok√©mon are open of
support six on it epic rossi can become
slamming hello is in the province of
central sulawesi which lies on a major
fault line the magnitude 7.5 earthquake
struck a 6:02 p.m. local time
over the next 30 minutes three tsunami
waves amplified and concentrated by the
narrow bay hit the city of three hundred
and thirty thousand people
the earthquake is believed to have
caused a phenomenon called liquefaction
where pressure pushes ground water to
the surface turning soil into liquid
destroying entire neighborhoods burying
residents alive early warning systems
failed on mass buoy in tidal gauges that
read sea level changes were either not
working or too far away 78,000 people
have been displaced survivors in remote
towns waited days for clean water and
electricity the government says it's
turning its focus to getting them help
local politicians have been elusive and
defensive who's responsible for that who
should be held accountable for the
warning systems having failed on this
scale commentary on commentary in Turkey
country and rock idea or in CC me my gay
communion POTUS Arcadian campus during
an district mathilde drop communion
communica see drop the DBR committee
gases party APPA apical of collision you
had a pea philip Goleta mission upon a
mine we are get up react react react
Naboo in do you think the government
response has been adequate yeah what BSI
that's one for marine taboos are proven
that they are appropriate and kabupaten
luar biasa
yeah athena do you walk to young million
Harini : : soda is a fully
economy Masaryk are but sudan district
charring on communica see us dismiss or
the Malibu
but the government doesn't plan to bring
every neighborhood back they're
considering turning Valera into a mass
grave you thought oh my it's the first
time saying a blond man Garza has been
able to return to her home the
earthquake kills her son and she's still
in shock
Oh Martha go young lady Messiah my
darlin Jack - yeah - Kahlua in eat Anna
cut a turbine engine puttering sorry sir
Kumarasamy how did you manage to escape
it's upon you someone aku Doren charge
Aaron Lee Baca a penis to the room -
sambisa mode or impartial office on
keluarga side Messiah to anyone either
devour like thousands of other survivors
zeyneb now lives in a makeshift camp
sleeping on the floor with her large
family even if she could return home
she's not sure she'd want to do you
wanna be do you know about you'd abandon
the buddha temple Tinga now visitor
otamatone virginia Tillamook in peter
bergna truth they do Ratana begin vessel
you
you
