okay it takes six cheapos and Rahl take
six so I recently heard about this thing
called the dream gap it's the idea that
girls between the ages of 6 & 7 start to
doubt themselves and how smart they are
and that means that some girls then will
dream less big as they go out into the
world meet Barbie America young looks
nothing like the blond-haired blue-eyed
fashion doll but she's the actress
Mattel picked to bring its pre feminist
icon onto the Internet what was your
first reaction to hearing that Barbie
would potentially have a vlog you know
at first I kind of rolled my eyes a
little because first of all I didn't
know how they would do that sure first
of all but second of all I didn't know
what the intention behind it was you
know and I died I think it's now that
I'm looking at it retrospectively it's
brilliant because it's the best way to
connect Barbies one of the world's
best-known toys she's also depending on
your view an independent jetsedder whose
boyfriend is just an oversized accessory
or an embodiment of the worst mess about
the female form modern consumers seem to
agree with the last part sales dropped
20% from 2012 to 2014
prompting Mattel to roll out a Benetton
ads worth of new Barbies in 2016 in
higher America for a vlog that tackles
bullying female empowerment and even
depression for 5 million YouTube
subscribers but sometimes I still feel
blue and then I feel guilty about
feeling sad because I am supposed to be
the upbeat positive one all the time
barbie is definitely more relatable but
her ideology is as carefully molded as
her plastic
so what she could not wear it's a picker
her hair and wardrobe options can we
make it a color like anchors sure this
piece
giulia Pistor who's produced kids movies
like a series of unfortunate events and
Jimmy Neutron boy genius
overseas Barbie flocks so when you set
out to write these vlogs how do you how
does the team come up with topics the
brand and the business really spends a
lot of time knowing kind of what girls
want today what what is this
conversation going on societally we also
are a company that sells dolls and sells
dream houses and sells cars so for
example when there's a new dream house
coming to market she renovated her house
so she had a new dream house so we did a
room tour I just make that feel like not
straight-up marketing so there's a
really fun baking oven that I mean which
I'm just like oh that's so they're like
do you think that that could inspire
this is a great process and put that
inspire of law do you think and it
totally did as I saw it and this
cupcakes I'm just like great Barbie and
Ken will go in the kitchen and we can
use that oven and they're going to make
competing cupcakes and they're gonna use
different ingredients and it's gonna be
sort of a science test in that sense
Barbie does feel like a real influence
right she Hawks products just like any
other youtuber but Barbie isn't just
selling a product she is the product
that means there are thick lines around
what she will and won't say Lisa
McKnight is the senior vice president
and general manager of the Barbie brand
and says the strategy is working we are
seeing incredible positive momentum we
ended last quarter up 12 percent I think
a lot of people are excited by the idea
that like barbie is woke we love that
association do you see a future where
barbie talks about racism about
privilege we don't want to be divisive
the brand has 99% awareness tons of
affinity you know we are ubiquitous in
terms of where we sell our product and
we don't want to alienate anybody we
want to be inclusive and we want every
girl to find a way into the brand pace
check out my ex at least on YouTube on
Friday Variety reported that the
long-awaited Barbie movie may finally
come to theaters America's not in talks
to star Margot Robbie is
