noha telson I'm a comedian and
improviser and I run and own my own
cedar here at really I was born in
Germany but raised in Woodstock New York
my wife is also an artist she's a dancer
between her income and my income from
the theater we're able to make enough
money to survive
Berlin is a very artistic city a lot of
people move here to sort of explore
their creative science I think the poor
but sexy description of Berlin is more
or less true here the concern is less
about paying the rent and more about how
can I pursue some of my dreams and
actually make a career out of it rents
are relatively low although that's
changing now Berlin was just named the
number one increase in property values
in the entire world
I moved to Berlin
with my wife eight years ago this
apartment is 980 euros a month it's 94
square meters
has two bedrooms a dining room the
kitchen and a bathroom large spacious
apartments in Berlin are actually quite
common especially if you have an old
house like this in the morning we have
breakfasts which usually consists of the
toasts fried eggs
probably avocado on top of that we make
most of our food here at home we're able
to cut down on a lot of costs by by
cooking here and then eating leftovers
for lunch sometimes we'll go to a small
restaurant here in the neighborhood that
we usually take to go and we'll eat it
either at the park or here Department
will do that maybe once or twice a week
public transportation in Berlin is
actually quite expensive and it's quite
good it's 24 hours you can get pretty
much anywhere in about 30 minutes I'd
say there is definitely infrastructure
for biking in Berlin and I bike
everywhere
I have public health insurance probably
a majority of the population has public
health insurance I pay 150 euros a month
for my health insurance and that is the
lowest here for someone who's earning a
living wage because of the nature of the
work that I do my night life that my
social life is pretty much confined to a
comedy cafe Berlin which is the theatre
that I know
on Fridays we have improv comedy
performed with a group with for over
five years now so yeah I do drink there
and I do hang out there and I do have
fun there the cost of drinking in Berlin
is still quite low for like a standard
German beer it'll be anywhere between
250 and 350
I don't think I could have started
something like this really anywhere else
for 100k just to start a business from
the ground up and have it still running
a two and a half years later I would
attribute that to being here in Berlin I
do see myself staying in Berlin for
quite a while having a business it's
kind of like having a baby and I can't
take that baby with me so it will be
here as long as comedy cafe Berlin still
exists I don't really see myself wanting
to leave Berlin
