tonight what do you think the
exceptional assault survivors think
about you wanting to support a sexual
assault for the Supreme Court your sexy
the glamorous they make a blonde look
fabulous Chinese spies hid surveillance
ships in hardware that made it into the
data centers of nearly 30 American
companies including Apple and Amazon
according to a Bloomberg report the
investigations has shifts about the size
of a grain of rice or planted on server
motherboards built in China for
California's Super Micro one of the
world's biggest suppliers and that a
federal probe into the attacks is still
open after three years Apple Amazon and
Super Micro have each denied the report
the researchers who designed this
typeface say it helps you remember what
you read because it's difficult to skim
and that increases your focus the
creator said students who read passages
in sans forget iike to recall 7% more of
the material than passages written in
Arial in a coordinated series of public
statements Western governments accused
Russia of attempting cyber attacks on
targets including the world anti-doping
agency the global chemical weapons
watchdog and a nuclear power company the
Department of Justice charged 7 Russian
intelligence officials with conspiring
to hack computers and steal data the
Kremlin says the allegations are quote
Western spy mania the winner of the
Nobel Peace Prize will be announced
tomorrow and bookmakers in the UK are
expecting a double bill North Korean
leader Kim jong-un and South Korean
president moon jae-in trailing behind
the pair is the man taking credit for
their progress president Trump
the fight over Brett Kavanaugh is
entering its bitter final hours as
protesters seized in the streets and in
the hallways today senators out of view
took turns in secured room reviewing the
confidential FBI report on the
allegations against the nominee it
didn't seem to change much key
Republicans swing vote Susan Collins
seems to be leaning yes Democratic swing
vote Heidi Heitkamp announced she's a no
and conservative mainstay Orrin Hatch
got caught losing his temper the
confirmation vote is now set for
Saturday afternoon the anti Cavanaugh
demonstrators went into today knowing
they didn't have much time left and they
were resolved to make every hour count
we survivors we believe survivors we
believe survivors we even brought you
some coffee we wouldn't have to come to
your house if you met with your people
my friends who live in Louisville they
can't get meetings with you you will
only meet with a very small select group
of elite Republicans Melissa Bern is a
full-time progressive activist she's
been in this game a long time these days
she works as a paid consultant for ultra
violence a feminist group based in DC
now let's go to heart this week could
very well end with the easy confirmation
of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court
all the hearings and the questions and
the investigations could quickly fade
from view but one lasting memory will
remain around here this was the week
that me two protesters took over the
Capitol we believe survivors Cavanagh
the Senate is usually a safe space for
senators it's a well-funded
well-organized bubble
reporters are allowed in but they have
strict rules they have to play by and
you can see flake that would be huge
Melissa and her team have burst that
bubble most famously they pop Senator
Jeff Flake bubble while national cameras
roll that moment went viral and it
wasn't an accident
we've only seen a few Republicans like
they are brave to come face-to-face
there were protesters looking to find
flake and Melissa who used to be an
intern up here and knows her way around
the dizzying web of hallways that make
up the actual halls of power told them
where to go to do it will you stop
tapping although this is how it works so
she doesn't enter through this door
activist position themselves where they
expect senators to be would probably
want to wait plagued around here choke
points like elevators outside hearing
rooms and you can sit here and you can
walk epital like this line and the trams
that move members throughout the Capitol
Complex if they see a Democratic senator
who is voting against Cavanaugh they do
this
high-five thank you so much you're
amazing if they see a Republican senator
they do this think about you wanting the
support a sexual assault for the supreme
court I don't understand why you can't
stop for a second and have a
conversation about sexual assault
listen sexual assault survivors that
have come from all over the country to
plead their case now choke melissa has
been doing all day lately telling people
where to go to yell at senators many
have been inspired by the tactic
state representative eloquent accuser
you're out
the one tactic that's never been used
before is having at mass scale the
hallways and tunnels full I wanted to
make it so they couldn't walk into the
Senators couldn't walk anywhere without
seeing one of us you mentioned that was
like actually getting harder to track
them down I think they're staying out of
the hallways now yeah I mean here these
guys that like we're so tough look at us
like we represent like strict American
values of like strong men in charge and
they are afraid of women asking them
questions in the hallway they're afraid
to go to the bathroom so you're a
progressive woman with the Brett lies
paint on your face running around
yelling at senators so the Republicans
basically point that and say look we
can't reason with these people they're
lunatics we're gonna do what we're gonna
do do you think that maybe you're
hurting the cause I think what's hurting
in the cause is that before this fight
even started the very serious people
we're saying oh we can't win so don't
even try and that's what hurts it when
you have an elite class that says it's
not worth fighting
so another white police officer is on
trial for killing a young black man
Chicago Police Officer Jason van Dyke is
charged with first-degree murder for
shooting laQuan McDonald 16 times today
the lawyers in this case made their
closing arguments and the jury began
deliberations when deadly force is used
when it's not necessary when it's not
justified it is first-degree murder
Van Dyke's defense it was afraid of
being injured by McDonald and that fear
was reasonable that's why when the
psychiatrist Lawrence Miller testified
for the defense this week he said a
reasonable officer would have acted the
same way van Dyke did our brains are
telling us do whatever you can to get
away from the danger the defense is
using this reasonable thing because it's
the standard that determines whether
it's okay for a cop to shoot people let
me tell you a story back in 1984 there
was this guy named the thorn Graham
Graham was a diabetic and his blood
sugar was low so he and his buddy will
stopped at a gas station to get orange
juice the line was too long so they left
quickly to go somewhere else a police
officer named Connor was outside and
thought will and Graham had just robbed
the store he pulled them over and will
told Connor ain't Officer my friend is
having a diabetic attack
Connor made them wait until he could
check what had happened by this point
Graham was delirious he got out of the
car ran around it twice and then he
passed out when he woke up backup
officer had arrived and he was cuffed
when he tried to protest one of the cops
slammed his head onto the hood and the
others roughed him up he was finally let
go after officer Connor found out that
wasn't even a robbery
Graham was reasonably pissed so he sue
claiming the officers violated his
Fourth Amendment rights you know that's
the one that guarantees citizens to be
secure in their persons against
unreasonable seizures but the Supreme
Court said mmm we gotta analyze this
claim of excessive force under the
Fourth Amendment's objective
reasonableness standard it's because of
this objective reasonableness rule that
the officers who killed Sam DuBose
Orlando Castile Terrence crusher Alton
sterling to mark Clark Jeremy McDole
Tamir rice Michael Brown Eric garner and
many others were hardly punished if at
all Van Dyke's shot McDonald 16 times
many other shots hit him while he lay on
the ground so what will the jury be
considering was MacDonald and imminent
threat as he wielded a knife some 13 to
15 feet away was Van Dyke reasonably
fearful for his life if the jury answers
yes
Van Dyke will probably go free which is
gonna reasonably piss a lot of people
off in Chicago on Sunday
Brazil holds a first-round vote for
president the front-runner is an ultra
right-wing congressman who's known for
racist homophobic sexist remarks but
some voters seem comfortable overlooking
that kind of language because gyre
Boston ro a former Army captain is
promising to get rid of crime and
corruption huge problems right now in
Brazil
bolson ro can thank corruption for
taking out his main opponent the popular
former President Luiz in√°cio Lula da
Silva who was found guilty of taking an
apartment as a bribe
Brazil's rise in violence affected
Boston ro personally - he got stabbed at
a campaign rally last month and survived
to become even more popular on a recent
Sunday morning a few hundred active and
retired members of Brazil's Armed Forces
took off their shirts and got together
to run down the beach to Copacabana it
was a show of force meant to protest the
killing of a young soldier in an armed
robbery an example of the lawlessness
that a new breed of military men turned
political candidates or promising to
eradicate there are nearly a hundred
veterans running for office this year
under that promise
including Marta Santos a disco head a
retired paratrooper goes simply by
corporal cohan
Oh
Bungie the bomb but you do more to never
take control take control to tank combat
take combat anybody get any milk takes
enemy not more innocent people die if
that happens boom Nagi no ii wanna
Guiana see - foster mother helmet
rubella elevate Amina Oh complete oh
that's like the ninja punch adagiamo
continuous fight most military
candidates are aligned with J eatable
Sanada and many were recruited by his
vice presidential candidate a retired
general named Antonio Hamilton mo da who
took over the campaign after bar Sanada
was stabbed both men are known for
praising the military dictatorship that
ruled Brazil until 1985 a regime that
routinely tortured killed and exiled its
opponents do you think that the military
should be in charge of the government oh
there is a lot of people that want the
military in charge of the government but
I don't think I think that we have to go
through well actions and with try and
successive ways to better our democracy
our democracy has been very shattering
you have said on at least a couple of
occasions statements that don't quite
square with what you're telling me now
last September
you said that if the political
institutions are incapable of solving
problems with corruption than the
military will and paraphrasing yes all
right all right
and just this month you mentioned that
there are situations where a president
with the help of the Armed Forces can
affect what you call the self coup what
it was most times we are discussing
hypothetical situation okay and what I
say if the country is the Titanic okay
that's sinking we the military will
behave like the orchestra will straight
plane and we go down with the country I
think
in Rio de Janeiro the idea of a military
takeover is not so far-fetched in
February facing abysmal approval ratings
the government ordered the armed forces
to take over security and to fight the
drug gangs that operate in the favelas
but the intervention has had no effect
on crime and people who live in the
favelas say that fighting fire with fire
only makes things more dangerous for
everyone Michela Lacerda lives in Ksenia
the biggest favela in Rio she knows
people who've died from stray bullets
her uncle disappeared five years ago
after he was arrested by security forces
and is now presumed dead
how do you feel seeing that Jaguar so
narrow has a shot at the presidency
policia k mo kamo hearing a song Kimo
home Trenton a favela de uma favela pelo
menos no venti statue centromere odorous
non-terminal if of American tr√°fico es
treat achieve a mohair siento muy Tamara
o mio primo patio patio me feel but
samyama in son
Brazil has always had ultra-nationalists
and far right wingers but this year
their rhetoric is appealing to a wider
public including people who used to
support the center-left government of
the Workers Party but grew sick of
rampant political corruption
but if Bohr senado is going to win his
campaign will have to earn back voters
disgusted by his long history of
offensive statements we have to reach
the women okay because there is some
some some things not queued around the
women when you say that there are some
issues or problems with mr. Bolton
others relationship to women in the
electorate what do you mean why is that
now we he doesn't have the issues or
problem okay the other parties are
making this okay and this is a campaign
that has been coming a long time and
showing that he's not fond of women okay
he is famous internationally for having
told a fellow member of Congress who's a
woman that she did not deserve to be
raped by him yes right doesn't that
suggest that it might be reasonable to
think that he is a misogynist person
yeah that was a figure okay breath auric
okay because when he says that that she
was very ugly that was he wanted to say
okay and this was not a good saying that
he did he knows net for scenarios allies
and supporters are convinced that
Brazilians are so sick of the status quo
that they're sure to sweep him into
office but whether or not more so narrow
himself prevails on Sunday the
candidates he inspired still have a
chance to shape Brazilian politics for
years to come more important are doozies
bone democratic Amenti vamos Isetta okay
few if a token Bernardo des momento que
non facit knows Pavo okay reveille
fazendo tenth eight reasons secured Oh
bond manipulandum messy parkas over
manipulation attempt re helmet just you
know spies eleven cause you're all
combinations I see he knows very much
confidence i G
thank you for joining us today for this
tribute to legendary Burt Reynolds his
look his attitude his persona were one
of a kind so today we join here in
Eisenhower park in the town of hempstead
to mourn his loss when I was a kid Burt
Reynolds was the the biggest thing in
the world you know the Cannonball Run
and longest John and Smokey and the
Bandit
he was the back that one he was a
real man I mean words can't even
describe how sexy that he was I mean the
tight jeans the mustache the Hat the
glasses anything that the man was in was
fabulous he made this car famous so when
I think of this car I think of Burt
Reynolds to us this is for Burke this is
our memorial for him if it wasn't for
him I never would have fallen in love
with this bar it's all him oh we've come
to all car shows especially when we
heard it was gonna be Trans Am
contribute up to Burt Reynolds one of
the best movies of all time is Smokey
and the Bandit sure what she wore in
non-smoking abandoned to the hat what
you weren't smoking a bandit - and and
the watch and the ring which he wore and
smoky and a bandit one I'm surprised
that I won best costume because I came
here for put a memorial on Burt Reynolds
I really I idolized him
I made this collage oh this is what I
met mr. Reynolds in June there's a
picture that my girlfriend Jackie took
and this is one of him with the Hooper
car but we didn't take that one that
when we we got off the computer off the
internet
everybody want to be a part of it people
wearing bandage shirts and TransAm the
hottest car out there
you're sexy you're glamorous they make a
blonde look fabulous and back then you
know I was living with my grandmother
and she looked out the window says gee
that guy's got a beautiful car I think
it says a lot about Firebird Trans Am
all right now we're gonna ask all our
Trans Am owners to get behind the wheel
rev those engines I think we're gonna
start our seventh
born salute three two one
I'm about to watch is catch the team
catch a professional wrestling
you think this is a good influence for
the kids your training sounds Okazaki
sport a rocket rocket a real opposed
Alipay moon cat a Manny Pacquiao como
volleyball so masturbating hobby not a
cheater pear but never moon efficient 8
machine supalen deficiency
you
you
