tonight she was kinda saying what she
said he would surface we need a
conviction and we need a sentence that
reflects the loss of life Greenland has
enough ice to raise sea levels by 25
feet
in her first social media post since
going missing in June Phan Bing Bing
China's highest-paid actress apologized
for dodging taxes by concealing her
earnings and praised the country's
Communist Party state media reports that
authorities will let fun avoid criminal
charges if she and her associated
companies pay a hundred and twenty nine
million dollars in fines and back taxes
Vaughn's whereabouts are still unknown
more than a third of Americans eat fast
food every day a CDC study found that 20
to 39 year olds eat it daily more than
any other age group a habit that drops
off the older they get and contrary to
popular assumptions the people eating
fast food on a given day are more likely
to be wealthier Japan's practice of
hunting say whales in the North Pacific
has been deemed illegal by an
international body that regulates the
trade of endangered animals sides-- says
that by taking thousands of tons of
whale meat from international waters and
selling it domestically Japan is
illegally trading across borders and if
it doesn't stop it could face trade
sanctions that thing you got today was
FEMA's first ever test of its
presidential alert system set up in 2016
to be used in case of a national
emergency the alert hit more than 200
million phones after a judge threw out a
last minute lawsuit claiming the
messages were akin to quote planting a
government controlled loudspeaker in the
home and on the person of every American
Brett Cavanaugh's nomination to the
Supreme Court hangs on the votes of four
senators who haven't made up their minds
today three of them all Republicans
spoke out to condemn president Trump for
mocking Christine Blasi Ford at a
campaign rally in Mississippi last night
36 years ago
this happened I had one beer right I had
one beer well you think no that was one
beer oh good
how did you get home I don't remember
how'd you get there don't remember where
is the place I don't remember how many
years ago was it I don't know
a Quinnipiac poll out yesterday shows
that 55% of women now oppose the
Kavanagh nomination but 37 percent
support Cavanaugh nationwide at least
not the Trump event in Mississippi that
number was closer to 100 president Trump
came here to Southaven Mississippi last
night ostensibly to campaign for
Republican senator Cindy hyde-smith and
he did manage to mention a true
Mississippi Padgett Senator Cindy
hyde-smith but as usual Trump didn't
stick to the script
he went off about his own achievements
and vehemently defended Brett Kavanaugh
but I've been hearing this as guy named
red Cavanaugh who is
who is like a perfect person who's
destined for the Supreme Court I've
heard that for a long time
and a lot of the women here were right
there with him she was paid to say what
she was what she said and it was surface
when you watched his testimony did it
change your feeling about him did you
sympathize with him I think he's a
hundred percent correct I think he's
right on he's what we need and and I
mean he's already been investigated six
times by the FBI or tell you something
his life is being ruined I just think
it's very unfair I don't think he's
getting a fair shake I feel sorry for
his family and if we're gonna say it
doesn't matter what Bill Clinton did
3540 years ago then I don't care what
Brett did 35 years ago and if something
like that did happen to her and it was
indeed justice Kavanaugh would you say
he should be on the Supreme Court well
there's there's no way for us to really
know if it did happen
so you guys investigating now they are
and I cannot wait and they need to be
doing some more investigating of
everybody that's involved Trump also
used the rally to hit again on what
seems to be a new GOP message that me
too is a threat to men everywhere think
of you son think of your husband it was
a concern shared but quickly assimilated
by Trump supporters I worry about them I
said you better watch what parties they
go to in college make sure you're with
the look I'm still preaching Dylan
that's liminal say stuff is that kind of
what you take away from watching these
hearings that that this kind of thing
worries you yeah
yeah yeah obviously if you do the wrong
thing then never know they all 30 years
later you can get accused they always
believe the girl we don't ever they
never believe us
that makes me bad right-wing populism is
surging in Europe voters in Hungary
Poland the Czech Republic and Italy have
installed nationalist anti-immigrant
leaders in high office and other leaders
who share their views are pushing for
power around the continent that
alignment has created a significant
political force and also an opportunity
for a right-wing gorgon Iser without a
job Steve Bannon animals do unite
Europe's populist forces but something
evils with the movement after the
November elections when President Trump
defeats the cultural Marxist Democratic
Party and is not impeached I will be
spending you know 80% of my time in
Europe in preparation for the European
parliamentary elections to get the
movement going Annan he's working with a
local partner with Belgium lawyer
Michele not recomment when we met in
London was a match and basically you
know we were everybody same vision of
what's happened and what should be done
and and Steve's say look I could have I
could have finish your sentence and you
could have finished mine and it's true
you agree on everything
yeah we'll never seen probably on the
principle but recommand made his money
representing shareholders during the
financial crisis he uses his fortune to
dabble in politics now he in banning are
training their sights on the European
parliamentary elections in May and the
movement is offering members support in
the way of polling digital strategy and
data analysis
we want to concentrate on what is
uniting us but it will be for sure
border sovereignty fighting in radical
Islam and limitation migration these
four tenets we know that from north to
south s east to west
everybody can can go beyond that and so
you set up the movement yeah with about
three thousand dollars yeah other than
the fame that banners association with
Trump brings T your movement what else
does ban and brink said money
the idea is to da's so in other two
years the idea came from Europe but what
disbanding brings abandon presumably
first of all is bringing his experience
and prestige you know it was
instrumental in getting the election of
President State and for sure it brings a
lot of exposure you know to the press
particularly is he useful from bringing
in moneda it will be useful to bring
money don't no doubt I mean it will have
his his donors I think will also put the
part of its own money it will this to
Europe's right is rally on Greece Viktor
Orban has become its poster child his
hardline and team aggression policies
have led to the threat of the you
sanctions pro sovereignty populist are
uniting in his defense one of them is
Mattias salvini now Deputy Prime
Minister of Italy and also the movements
first official member mannan a mud
treatment just turned him up last month
what does being in me in the meaning you
are a member of the club we're not in
the playground anymore
being in is that a formal agreement it
is a variable formal agreement I
explained him as I do with you
the objective of the movement I asked
him whether he wanted to join say to me
yes we are joining secondly if it would
be participating over in our first
summit said to me yes
provide the time available and and three
can I make it public as simple as that
and to be a member of our club will be
on the internet side and a membership
fees no no no
is that what's the extent of his
commitment I mean can he influence the
direction of the movement the member if
he has disagreements where they they
cannot be if we a member of this club
Hungary Poland Italy Lawrence of Law and
Justice Party of they stand up in Poland
we will see will talk to them would you
like him say will talk to them
we'll see we ladies publish the Mia with
we wouldn't speak to them immediately as
we speak so many people to speak to and
to me the women speak them yet but it
may be the potential members have
reservations about not willkommen some
would be allies have already said
they're not interested in what he's
cooking blams Belen another Belgian
party yeah Gareth Hahnemann's
member of the European Parliament also
affiliated in the same European
Parliament grouping as salvini he's said
outright
I'm never gonna work with mr. Mudd
recommen fine fine you won't be a member
of the club if I have no problem with
this that why wouldn't he want to be
because he and his party share lots the
same day they share these four
fundamental values of the movement we
have such a large interest from all over
that I really don't care about those for
whatsoever reason that express reserve
or say that they don't want to join by
the way you have to be invited to join
you have to be invited there are those
who obviously are our natural partners
and that there are those who are maybe
what I would call in a grey zone where
very clearly Stephan myself basically
would have to take a decision whether we
individually invite them or not just a
pan and understand Europe and its
nuances do you think in the same
perfectly the dynamics of politics he
understand exactly the problem of the
common guy know that he knows less
Europe then he would know the US policy
then that's obvious but that's why we
are it's a partnership and
learning fast the movement is a club
with only one official member its
website isn't live yet and the summit
originally scheduled for this summer
still hasn't happened sounds like you've
got a bit of work today
and you see they don't want to see you
sorted this isn't they are all
lining up all lining I don't say this
for my mind my blue eyes no it's what
what we offer I'm sure that you know
that people don't like me and closing
arguments begin tomorrow in the trial of
Jason van Dyke van Dyke is the first
Chicago police officer to be charged
with first degree murder since 1984
firing 16 shots in - 17 year-old laQuan
McDonald in 2014 all of it captured on
dashcam video the city of Chicago
refused to release the footage for more
than a year when it finally got out a
galvanized activists pushed out a police
superintendent and a state's attorney
damaged the careers of other officers
and certainly didn't help Mayor Rahm
Emanuel who now is not running for a
third term it's four more years for our
children not four more years for me
Van Dyke's defense has tried to get the
jury to see things from his literal
perspective emphasizing the fear that he
felt and the fast paced decisions that
he had to make officers often don't
testify
fearing self-incrimination and knowing
that often juries side with them anyway
but yesterday Jen Dyke took the stand up
close to you
he got probably about 10 to 15 feet away
from me he turned his parcel towards me
well what if they do with his arm he
weighed the knife from his lower right
side upwards cross his body towards my
left shoulder
and when he did that what did you do
officer I shot prosecutors say the video
shows McDonald veering in a different
direction and then at no point does he
raise the three inch knife in his hand
when asked why he continued to fire even
when the teen hit the ground then dike
insisted that he thought McDonald was
going to get back up and that the
dashcam video doesn't show his
perspective but the video seems to show
someone lifeless on the ground too many
the difference between what Van Dyke
says and what's seen in the video is
pretty outrageous Reverend James Moody
and Jeanette Wilson are some of the many
people who've watched this trial closely
my concern is that there is an attempt
to play on the emotions of the jury
as opposed to dealing with the facts do
you think the pom McDonald has been put
on trial in some way oh absolutely
absence of a jewel of a juvenile who did
nothing that night he didn't threaten
anyone he never made any of the other
officers feel like they went harm's way
I want to know did he cry after the
first shot did he cry when he saw the
boy on the ground
when did you cry that night since you
have so much compassion the jury could
start deliberating as early as tomorrow
the Chicago Police Department told vice
news that they're ready for anything and
that they've already prepared officers
to take on 12-hour overtime shifts
activists have been preparing for months
for what they're going to do if Jason
van Dyke is acquitted it's gonna be
opera I think the city is gonna come out
in mass I don't want violence but you
know on winning motions you can't stop
everybody from doing what they want to
do I just hope they don't tear up their
own community do you think that this
will change anything this trial
I mean ma for it for us you got the
thing Jason van Dyke even being
prosecuted over the national scale of
things very seldom do they even get to
this point so is that a victory it's a
victory in itself but we need a
conviction and we need a sentence that
reflects the loss of life
this summer a chunk of ice the size of
lower Manhattan broke off a glacier in
eastern Greenland it contained 10
billion tons of ice and the video of the
event was a perfectly shareable piece of
climate change Dredd
except a team of NASA scientists
studying sea-level rise has much more
dreadful much less visible news glaciers
aren't just melting from above they're
melting from below over the past few
years
Eric Daniel has been measuring glaciers
in Greenland as part of a NASA
expedition called oceans melting
Greenland or OMG
right see that's wrong time
the missions main objective is to study
the biggest and most overlooked source
of glacial melt warm ocean currents
hundreds of metres below the surface so
you're scanning the seafloor right now
yeah
we're measuring the glacier you know all
the way to the foot of the glacier I
mean if you physically it is standing in
the water right now we are going other
where the glacier used to be you know
you can see landmarks you know along the
side of the glacier evidence of the loss
of ice unlike most bodies of water the
ocean surrounding Greenland actually
gets warmer with increasing depth that's
because warm salty currents from the
Atlantic are heavier than fresh glacial
water so those currents end up on the
bottom and that is why NASA is mapping
the ocean floor as Greenland's deepest
waters warm the biggest glaciers melt at
increasing speeds and figuring out just
how fast that's happening may help
humans figure out just how much hurt
we're in for
did we always know that glaciers were
melting from the bottom no this is
something we started thinking about
maybe ten years ago ten years ago yeah
why do you think it took so long
probably because we saw so many changes
in the glaciers you really have to
figure out what is missing here and
understanding prior to that probably
people never asked the question because
there's no dramatic change in the
glaciers that they could relate to
between 2002 and 2016 Greenland lost
about 280 Giga tons of ice a year that
amount of melted ice which would be
enough to fill more than a billion the
Olympic sized swimming pools cause
global sea levels to rise measurably and
as the oceans warm that's only going to
increase the glaciers that are really
big and really deep are the ones that we
should be worried about yes the water
not only melts the glaciers from below
so it produces some counting it forces
the gracious to retreat it's like
opening a dam they are the major control
on what's happening on the ice sheets
they control everything
the OMG mission is trying to create the
most comprehensive picture of
Greenland's glacial coastline ever made
Eric does this from the ocean surface by
sailing into iceberg crowded fjords to
gather data on the hardest to reach
glaciers but there's another component
of the mission that's gathering a much
broader set of data from the sky that's
where Josh Willis comes in he runs the
OMG mission out of the Jet Propulsion
Laboratory in Pasadena so this is our
ocean survey basically this is all the
places we just got back from all the
dots are places where we're measuring
the temperature and salinity of the
ocean we fly this plane around
and we drop censors out of the plant if
they fall in a little parachute and when
they reach the ocean they split into two
parts and a part stays at the surface
and the other part Falls and it falls
all the way down to the seafloor a
thousand meters and as it goes it's
measuring the temperature and the
saltiness of the water and then that
gets radioed back to the plane in
real-time so they'll give us a really
good picture of what's going on all the
way around Greenland why focus so much
energy and money on Greenland Greenland
has enough ice to raise sea levels by 25
feet if it all melted today now we don't
think that the ice is gonna melt in one
year but the difference between 25 feet
in a thousand years and 25 feet in a
couple hundred years is actually
devastating as well and that's really
what we're trying to get at with oMG
because if the ice sheet is going to
melt quickly it will be because of this
ocean ice interaction not because of the
air warming and if we're reshaping the
coastline in a radical way you know do
you want to take out a 30-year mortgage
on a house that might be flooded in 30
years and so it's real and it's time to
start dealing with it
I'll be present have to audit how does
it make you feel to see all of this
change I think it's it's sometimes a
little bit difficult to convey the
magnitude of the change to the public
some of these changes are so dramatic
this is sort of impressive denial it
just can't be true it can't be happening
so fast when you just exaggerated
anymore or maybe it's just a few warmer
summers but it's not like that
these changes are pretty big and this is
just the beginning
you
you
