I think it's horrible what the Democrats
have done it's a con game
Linda Khanna they're really con artists
this morning president Trump opened fire
on the Democrats pushing to allow Bret
Cavanaugh's accusers to be heard and on
the accusers themselves six years ago
nobody ever knew better nobody ever
heard about and now a new charge comes
up and she said well might not be him
into a gap she said she was totally all
messed up
just this morning the President of the
United States attacked another woman for
bravely sharing her story of being
sexually assaulted saying that nobody
should believe her because she was drunk
because her memory may have some gaps
well how many women have heard that
before how many women have kept their
experiences quiet because they knew they
would hear that Washington Republicans
are having a harder time with the
messaging I don't think because you
happen to be a male you're disqualified
from listening to the evidence and
making a decision based upon the
evidence we have hired a female
assistant to go on staff and to ask
these questions in a respectful and
professional way what they're trying to
avoid by having a woman ask the
questions is a repeat of the infamous
Clarence Thomas hearings in 1991 where
male senators repeatedly belittled and
undermined Anita Hill
but even though Hill was the only one to
testify she wasn't Thomas's only accuser
my name is Angela Wright
I was Clarence Thomas's director of
public affairs for one year from 1983 to
1984 there's not a particular point
where I started to feel uncomfy
with him I found him to be a man it was
angry and constantly said disparaging
things about people
he said nasty things about women often
commenting on their bodies he would
often comment on my body and the shape
of the size of my breasts and he
constantly asked me for dates and I I
really just ignored him because I
thought he was just pretty crass I never
walked around feeling like a victim like
oh my god somebody helped me it was to
be I worked on Capitol Hill in
Washington politics for 12 years and
that was not unusual behavior that was
pervasive behavior on Capitol Hill
Washington either he'll testify I was
struck by her grace and her dignity
under circumstances that were abominable
I felt I had a duty to report listen to
her tell her sir just made me want to
defend her when I was asked by a
representative of this committee to
report my experience
I felt that I had to tell the truth I
could not keep silent she was treated
horribly she was called all kinds of
names and and challenged in trying to
determine
but you telling falsehoods or not
are you a scorned woman I just simply
felt that she needed someone to come to
her defense who who knew that what she
was saying was the truth ultimately I
think they didn't want me to testify
because they didn't want anybody to
corroborate professor Hill's side of the
story and thereby make his ascension to
the court easy and non-controversial the
only thing that mattered to me was that
they subpoenaed me to come to Washington
held me in abeyance while they attempted
to crucify my character and did not give
me the opportunity to respond to the
allegations against me but whether or
not anyone chose to believe my statement
is that's never been important to me
what's important to me is that I speak
my own truth and know that it is the
truth and know that Clarence Thomas and
his supporters knew that it was the
truth now I am being reminded of those
events because of the current situation
with Judge Brett Kavanaugh and the
accusations recently levied against him
by professor Christine Ford but
initially I saw not much of a comparison
there I thought it was a bit of a
stretch and not very comfortable with
with labeling mr. Cavanaugh rapist based
on that one encounter with the
additional information brought forth by
Miss Ramirez I had to my opinion of the
case started to evolve I certainly think
that any of that misconduct whether
sexual assault sexual harassment should
preclude anyone from being taken a
public position where they will be
making laws and rules about the way
everybody else lives their life
you can go get a job at corporate
America but the importance about this
particular nomination is that it's the
Supreme Court and if you have not lived
a life that is above reproach I don't
think you belong on the Supreme Court
you
