hip-hop has been a global phenomenon for
decades but it's hard for a John R
abased on confirming authority to grow
in a country where the government
actively senses the media so in China
hip hop's never really gone beyond an
underground subculture that all changed
last year with the new TV show called
the rap of China a reality TV show
that's kind of like American Idol with
all rap and in Chinese the show got
three billion views on IgE which is a
little like Netflix in the Chinese
market
everyone from hardcore fans to complete
wrap newcomers with tuned in but just
months after the first season ended
things went south one of the winners of
the show was accused of having an affair
with the married actress
they both denied it then he was
criticized for glorifying sex and drugs
in his lyrics
he quickly apologized and blamed his
vulgar lyrics on the influence of black
music but the damage was done
and in January the Chinese government
banned hip-hop culture period from being
shown on TV but this year the rap of
China is somehow back on the air they've
expanded and they even did auditions in
Los Angeles the show has a new title in
Chinese but everything else is the same
including the logos most of the judges
and the format of the show
GE seems to have been granted an
exception to the government hip-hop band
but it's not really clear how Chung way
is a CEO of GE and the head producer of
the rap of China how are you able to
make a rap show if raps banned in China
see ha each year - Kwame opaque entry
for so American 20 Imola some work to
achieve content on G so a teacher kagame
Chi Chi R - E - E food - PAH take her to
Virginia in your Buddha encounter short
um you know how she had a tornado near
her tongue world title made he can watch
with you email check for your planner
hope to build an entertainment Empire on
top of a John with it's technically band
i GD is doing whatever they can to keep
the government happy so if a contestant
has a tattoo they make them cover it up
on stage and this season all the lyrics
seem to be really positive and patriotic
most of the contestants grew up in China
so they're used to dealing with
government restrictions but even
American rappers like Al Rocco who moved
to China hoping to jumpstart his career
are pretty careful about what they say
in interviews do you find yourself
having to tone yourself down a little
bit
I wouldn't say tone myself down more
like I guess adjust to the culture here
compared to the West
you know I'm saying and the West is so
free you know I'm in here it's kind of
like I guess it's more controlled and in
a good way though you know I'm saying
I saw like kind of educate the people
because honestly hip-hop in China is so
young people don't really understand
what hip-hop is you know for me what
hip-hop is to better yourself to
understand yourself and to keep it real
a lot of the underground rap scene in
China thinks the stuff that appears on a
show is way too sanitized some rappers
have even refused to be on the show but
the rap of China isn't going for the
underground they're going for mainstream
audiences and if you want to get in
front of those mainstream audiences you
have to play by the rules so the pizza
dough creating a you know no sugar song
you have gonna go ha
oh I do protons in Lagos natural
mother how is it
Urraco ended up getting eliminated in
one of the final rounds mostly because
he's not good at rapping in Chinese the
judge who made that decision is Chris
wound one of the biggest pop stars in
Asia he's a Chinese Canadian who also
moved to China for his career so he
knows how hard the Chinese market can be
this show is called rapid China so we're
looking for rappers that can rap in
Chinese and for them as kind of it is
really hard because Chinese is not their
first language rock oh yeah Rocco is
legit just because of the Chinese
barrier that honestly that's that's a
big factor is it it all weird you that
China has a show about rap before say
the state says I think I think if
anything China needs a show like this
and this stays I feel like there's so
many different platforms and even if
he's just putting stuff on soundcloud
you can throw what right but out here is
like there's really no outlet for the
Assizes show
you
