I haven't alert for a drone so let me
find out the location start prison
lockdown 3:13 it takes the same word for
five to seven minutes to lock down the
entire person to clear the yard and get
the inmates in the dorm I did spot a
drone in the sky back towards the back
field he was flying along that field on
the signal has ceased now that we're
locked in the institution down
this was probably a failed attempt to
smuggle drugs in about time we spiked a
drone that's located at the North in our
prison the drone could have flown over
the prisoner when we just not gonna take
those chances my job here is the warden
of the prison oversee 265 staff and over
1600 plus inmates we typically see
country bands from the levels of tobacco
meth we find in syringes peels actually
flew in through drones and actually
dropped inside of the prison contraband
actually can actually corrupt the entire
prison when you don't control contraband
you don't control the safety of the
inmates you don't control the safety of
your officers and you don't control
safety of the community there's other
drone detection systems that are used at
other prisons but nothing comparable to
the one that we're currently using ours
tells you where is that and where it's
moving to him we know where the
controller is where the drone is where
to go how far it is from the prison I
sleep with my computer by the bed when I
get an alarm I wake up and I go into
action this is when we call in a tree
line they take a s hook like you hang a
plant on and then they attach a bag to
that with the contraband inside 99.9
percent is at night every time it hits
the ground it releases the package this
is the stuff we found
they had these prepackaged Bowser
tobacco people transporting this stuff
in like three gram for this much tobacco
the other stuff I've got in here as cell
phones and as you can see they have they
keep these things take
together tight and this one particular
drop we we have 22 cellphones this is a
bundle of three taped together so this
is a real-time flight here what you're
seeing here is a depiction of a drone
flight and this shows me its path and as
you see this drone flew over the
facility and that's where they start
throwing resources in this tried to
start throwing some heat in on these
people we want this to stop it's not
common to catch the people at the moment
because we know they can see you from
the air so there's a chance of big
chance they're going to get away in the
past we've caught people that were
probationers and then known
gang-affiliated
people flying in they pay somebody that
may be inside the game they know very
little information so when we catch them
it makes it hard to trace down there's
not a prison
that's not fight this issue if they say
they're not facing it they're just not
emitting to it
you
