hello I'm an anonymous senior official
of Vice news tonight
my face has been blurred and my identity
protected because I'm here to tell you
who's behind the anonymous op-ed
published in The New York Times I don't
know of course but thankfully the
Internet has swooped in to blow this
case wide open see you only need to read
the op-ed to know who it could be
I mean really read it look at the words
its Vice President Mike Pence why
because the word lodestar is used and
people have pointed out that pensa said
the word lodestar before a lodestar
loadstar lodestar hmm a man using words
he's used to for is this case closed
not so fast could a man who looks at
Trump like this really betray him
speaking of a mature word whispering it
could be Jim mattis
he's used the term first principles
before and he could have used it again
maybe it's director of National Economic
Council Larry Kudlow because he's not
only used the terms lodestar and first
principles before he's also written
about the steady state repeating one
term from an op-ed might be coincidence
but three don't tell me that's triple
coincidence meanwhile Omarosa cursed by
an old witch to forever be on her book
tour says she's dropped hints in her new
book unhinged out now but don't stop
there Internet there's so many many more
senior officials who still have jobs and
have also used words before Betsy DeVos
could have written it notice how she
peppers her own speeches with the word
duh which suspiciously appears more than
50 times in the op-ed or dr. ben Carson
could have done it no one knows what
he's been doing for months maybe Trump
has insulted Jeff Sessions one too many
times
you tell me this isn't the face of a man
who's silently fuming telling himself go
write a letter and rip it up later
tonight of course it could be any of
them and now every White House official
is gonna have to expressly deny being
the author but hang on why are we
limiting our accusations to just one
person that's some regular
two-dimensional chest non galaxy brain
thinking it could be a Murder on the
Orient Express situation everyone could
have taken turns writing a word like a
terrible game of improv or maybe the
whole thing isn't even real maybe it's
all a false flag sigh off to make Trump
paranoid maybe we'll never know who this
brave author is but to quit Maria Kerry
sometimes a hero comes along with the
strength to write
go along with it all only to secretly
write a blog post about how they mad the
president isn't acting like a
conventional Republican what a hero
you
