in Hollywood some of the world's least
important people are pursued like they
hold the nuclear codes in DC the people
who actually talk to the guy with those
codes are mostly left alone outside of
formal press availabilities as the
senator referred to just yes or no so
what would happen if two of Hollywood's
most skilled and relentless paparazzi
applied their methods to something
important we decided to find out my name
is Rick Mendoza from Los Angeles
California and I'm a paparazzi to be a
paparazzo is basically research all you
need to do is find a subject a storyline
you're basically looking to create hype
my name is vladimir lucas here also
known as dutch I'm a photographer do
celebrity photography paparazzi red
carpets not press Jesus Christ are you
kidding Hollywood is setup where they're
looking to be photographed in DC they're
not apt to be photographed this is gonna
be interesting how they gonna react okay
so we're gonna go woods of Stephen a
tree right we're gonna look in a mansion
minuchin Steve minuchin you know usually
in the mornings people try to go in
hazzard morning coffee or whatnot
perhaps they're gonna take the dog for a
walk
anything that gives me an opportunity to
get it shot you know it takes a little
work to figure out you know their time
schedule we don't want to alert the
security so we're just gonna kind of you
know pace ourselves here so Steve's home
is right you know I sight I'm gonna wait
to see if the vehicle comes out then
I'll go on a follow so after two hours
of waiting a black SUV just entered his
resident we're gonna wait to see what
happens I think it's a good sign that at
least he'll be coming out soon
I'll the trade war going you have to go
through a lot just to get that one two
second clip so it seems like we're being
tailed right now where we're following
Steve and he's already got in his car
it's a new world it's this is a new
entity for me you know I'm giving to a
Secret Service in LA I deal with
bodyguards and whatnot and we know how
to handle them they understand it's all
about Showtime
we're going to go check out this event
Wilbur Ross so you see if we could get
this man to have a quick combo with us
the checkpoint right there there's two
guards does this connect to go right
into the building okay so somebody was
to say drive down here and you would
never see them on the exterior facade of
the building ruff good to know thank you
look at this see the three dudes I was
just walking there's security they just
followed up on what I just asked
right now they're so confused they don't
know what the hub do about me see the
security guys all right let me get my
camera and get it poppin
secretary what do you think of the
president's commenting on Federal
Reserve
the space to talk
so thank you for your comment soundbite
is better than nothing
what has a dead Mick Mulvaney we'll be
speaking here I don't know what
Security's gonna be like in here but I'm
pretty sure it's going to be very high
for him I got him I'm just gonna play it
off like I'm on the phone here
everybody says they're gonna be the new
chief of staff seriously what's the last
time was the last time you talked to
chunk about replacing Kelly never I feel
good I feel good I feel a good a good
score today
that's fine
hold up I don't have to it's a public
sidewalk
okay good to let you know - nice I'm
happy that you're doing your job
let's see why do you have so much
security let's see
why'd you cut the budget so crazy Betsy
19 billion dollars in Indian Joe Dassin
even goes to meet the kids hey come on
it's gonna affect my kids come on Betsy
come on Betsy this Betsy chick yo it's
like Jennifer Aniston Aniston yo that
whole stop all like double doors open
the up block me off went
into the cut on me I looked at dis
muhfucka security he's like yeah I'm
like yeah I'd be alright I got it
there's the paparazzi style work in DC
apologies I would say yeah paparazzi
style works in DC I wouldn't be
surprised if soon enough there'd be a
lot more paparazzi taking photographs of
these political figures is usually like
is in one place and they're gonna do
presser and or they're they try to hit
them with questions but it's like a
stationary thing with me as a pap I
literally can just cut around all that
BS and just get what I need you to get
it seems he offered me a job here when I
take it you know I would take it I would
take it if this company offered me this
good I'm here
