the warlord Joseph Kony is believed to
be hiding out in the borderlands of the
Central African Republic where more than
15 armed groups are fighting to control
the country's resources as head of the
Lord's Resistance Army Kony has been
indicted by the International Criminal
Court for among other crimes abducting
and recruiting children I did not adapt
it anybody and there's no initiative and
in my position or in my camp
according to the United Nations over the
last five years at least 13,000 children
in the Central African Republic have
been kidnapped and turned into soldiers
one of the most powerful rebel groups
here is the Popular Front for the
Renaissance of the Central African
Republic or the fpr see it's made up of
people from the country's Muslim
minority before the Lord's Resistance
Army many times they claim that they
don't use child soldiers but while we
were there we met two boys who'd been
captured after several battles with
rival groups instead of being released
they've been made to fight we spoke with
Muhammad Saeed a founding member of the
FARC and one of its most senior generals
in Bria can you describe what happened
when you fought the LRA and captured the
young fighter Jean de la Alera son Venu
a preowned a vigil at repay le persone
dollar village sayako dessication tantra
the circle a Assyria monopolize a set
ozone air aerosol Oh male viva la zonga
Elba Castle final part sayako Sakana pre
Nizam pour parler possible ap is some
combative his own recuperate
Liz on phone Didier used to be with the
LRA an uber car was taken from the
anti-balaka forces the subpoena Jesus or
is it for my sister for me samoh
the rajadis Sita can you describe some
of the things you had to do
I greet irritants or boys in broken
muscle and beliefs or we quit series ooh
did you see non-malicious you say
brother Alan being a good citizen and
the new kidnap people that was that was
other other children we've been
kidnapped through being trained to fight
as well I wore a TV do anything R&B to
see Namibian it's all a con I was a
pitcher from Armenia of whom in each
other I detect a tone in the light
together
Alabama logically now olive oil of
another war is already sitting on our
each other
Abba car was captured seven months ago
he says he was 17 at the time
what did they do to everybody else
Jean what you never found each other
well for the unity he and I got so far
the TV chili presume he killed
and now you're fighting for the fpr see
how do you think this is gonna end
someone be good then do you want to stay
here and keep fighting or do you want to
go on the lookout to Ruby did they ever
say what would happen to you if you
refuse to fight or refused to do any of
the work I wanted you to do nominal
digits here in Sioux were more like the
farm on a book when did that happen
were there kids who refused or were too
scared to fight and who were killed
that's our goodness all know so much
about you farmer BN did you ever meet or
see Joseph Kony coolin coolin metabolic
but in a way you know the collectivity
what image you see - so a typical
controller in Uganda each other
voil√° peak until allah go to senayan
your pocket rocket watching the
Americans send troops here looking for
him the Ugandans and troops here looking
for him I spent million many millions of
dollars they had lots of equipment why
do you think they were unable to catch
him let's mean that you have Nikita blah
blah blah BAM very cheeky so I mean
Budokan bharati rachana quality banana a
little manitou de ella when you were
fighting for the LRA you had no choice
because if he didn't you would be killed
what do you think you're fighting for
now here
when is the last time you show your
family London
why can't you hand the young fighter
over he says he's 17 years old now but
he was captain on he was ten can he not
be returned to his family in Congo actor
Omar a digital meno nanoo Suzanne Tara's
Mempa sequela Honor envoy Optima hace
para una vida Syed Ali Khan became a
democratic on a desert clear envoy see
separation Tony Avella Metro official
mother four months after we filmed this
interview Didier and abaca remain
hostages of the f PRC with no news about
when or if they will be allowed to
return to their families
you
you
