New York is a cosmopolitan city but its
public schools are incredibly segregated
Mayor Bill DeBlasio just announced a
plan to do something about this
by making New York's elite high schools
more diverse one of the city school
districts is already debating its own
plan to desegregate and if that
experiment is any indication the mayor
might be about to face a lot of angry
parents one of the city's wealthiest
locust districts is constructing a plan
to do something about its segregation
but as the Chancellor of New York City
Public Schools noted on Twitter it's not
going over well with everyone that clip
from a public meeting about the plan
turned a local news story into a
national conversation
New York City's district 3 includes both
the white and wealthier parts of the
Upper West Side and black brown and
poorer sections of southern Harlem there
are sixteen middle schools in the
district and thanks to a complicated set
of admissions criteria the top
performing schools are dominated by
affluent white and Asian kids fewer than
10% of the students at those schools
come from low-income families in some
other parts of the district almost 100
percent of the kids come from low-income
families of color so parents and
district tree leaders introduced a plan
that would reserve at least 25% of all
seats at each school for students who
are struggling this means some high
achieving students aren't going to get
there top school choice we have not
address part of our district and that to
me is our problem the conversations that
we're having right now are really really
important and they're really really
emotional and they're not going to solve
them tonight we're not Kim Watkins is
the chair of district 3 is community
education council it's fear I think it's
less about race and less about racism to
a lot of black families it does feel
like it's about race
and the arguments sound a lot like what
some of them heard in the 1950s
I'm not racist but I don't want my kids
around kids who don't perform well I'm a
white parent in Harlem and you know I am
I would never think twice about having
my kids sit next to a black kid in a
class the District three fight exposes
the conflict between families desire to
choose the best public school for their
kids and the community's real need for
equitable education and then just how
hard it is to get individual families to
stop thinking about school choice like
it's a zero-sum game do you think that
the parents of high-performing students
end up feeling like they actually
deserve the best of what the public
schools offer even if it's at the
expense of kids who are struggling i
unequivocally would say there is no owed
spots and in the public school system to
the extent that it seems that parents
feel that way is a flaw in public
education and I think it's an
unsustainable environment if we want
public education to succeed
you
