you can hear the helicopters looks like
hell yeah and it was hot so hot Fila
coming on yeah everything so what was
that like it was intimidating it was
scary
honestly I didn't expect their house to
be standing so I kind of heard myself
her at not being standing there but her
house is still standing
so our trash cans melted Taylor
Strickland her husband and two daughters
and then our side of our house is
bubbled found even the wife I was
working when they returned home 17 days
after evacuating what has become known
as the car fire this all burnt um and
then the house is over there
the fire has killed eight people and
destroyed more than a thousand homes
across 200,000 acres including some on
Taylor Street in Redding California you
guys are looking out your front window
and you just see what used to be your
neighbor's house what's that like super
emotional look at that every day and
it's just as sad to look at and to know
that they'll never be our neighbors
again you're just constantly reminded of
all of these families that don't have
homes anymore it's a heartbreaking
sorry none of it makes sense it doesn't
blow in a certain pattern it doesn't
burn just a certain thing it takes what
it wants when it wants and how it wants
and there's nothing that anybody can do
about the Strickland's left their home
just before a tornado a fire ripped
through their neighborhood State Fire
officials say it was a thousand feet
wide with wind speeds up to 165 miles
per hour it never ceases to amaze me the
devastation that these communities go
through unfortunately I've seen this
level of devastation throughout the
state in the last 10 to 12 years now
three weeks later hazmat crews picked
through what's left
it's a relatively huge undertaking it
will be a probably month to month and a
half long process before we complete our
portion of their first phase of work is
to clear out anything that could be
toxic both houses might have asbestos
melted fire detectors could produce low
levels of radioactivity and any
partially burned propane tanks could
combust start-time 1355 ivan Rodriguez
his job is a tag that kind of stunts six
981 and take it out before families
return to what's left these huge fires
do stretch us then and knowing that
there are other fires that were going to
be mission tasks to do that is a concern
at this point
me casa su casa dan Davis lived across
the street from Taylor come up this way
to the front door sure he came home to
ash in bent metal the whole living room
and you know TV couches kitchen that's
the kitchen there yeah and you'd turn
the corner this was my daughter's room
here this was my son's room it's where
they grew up
oh yeah yeah they're 21 and be 19 in
about a week oh so you had the house
long and you've got the kids
exactly that's we're alive and well it's
old matters four people died within a
quarter of a mile in here
they get a lot of grief I got grief but
nothing compared to losing a loved one
what are you gonna miss most about this
place just the memories all the stuff my
kids add you know the little things they
make you that's what I miss most he'll
get that back
you
you
