it was a week before my 23rd birthday so
that night when I went back to my
boyfriend's house I got high in the
bathroom and fell asleep on the couch
and when I woke up the next morning I
was just like I couldn't walk my I went
to stand up and I just like fell to the
ground and just was like freaking out
like screaming crying basically because
I didn't know what was wrong with me and
it was just because of like I I pinched
a nerve somewhere during not my
boyfriend realize it was like I kept on
discovering my leg was paralyzed like
every 10 minutes it was like every 10
minutes it was like this discovery so he
knew that my my brain was up it
was just very odd like he would be
himself he was fine he was himself but
then he'd forget a bunch of times he
would just look at me and say why am I
here you know what are we doing here at
first in the hospital he was you know
full-on dementia or something it was
just every few minutes we would have to
just write stuff on the whiteboard so
that he would stop asking the same
questions we had gotten a call about a
patient transferred from an outside
hospital he wasn't laying down or
forming new memories and it was pretty
debilitating for him they wound up
getting an MRI on him overnight to
investigate the the memory loss
max had a bright signal in his
short-term memory center it's called the
hippocampus and it was completely
engulfed in the signal from from head to
tail
by the end of 2015 we were up to 214 of
these cases in 2017 we captured four
additional cases and all four tested
positive for fentanyl I feel like the
whole like the past five years have
blurred into like one year but I know
that my overdoses have all been fentanyl
fentanyl was a culprit that was in our
minds actually from the from the
beginning Max's case arose at the same
year of the as the fentanyl epidemic
here in Massachusetts in 2012 and so I
wound up getting in touch with dr.
coffee at the University of Pennsylvania
he had done a whole series of studies
where he had injected rats with fentanyl
and had demonstrated that fentanyl
actually caused the hippocampus in the
rat to be hyperactive those developing
seizures like spikes spike spike spike
spike you know the depolarization the
firing of groups of brain cells would
they fire and then stop and then fire
again and stop you know over and over
again I've seen an abundant amount of
evidence that it does predispose to
seizure activity and the memory areas of
the brain seizures cause brain damage
has been well worked out so fentanyl
given all by itself our drugs like it I
think they're absolutely safe during
surgery okay but for these people who
are taking illicit drugs they're a setup
for this phenomenon occurring if they
survive the the high dose the French has
a layer of whipped cream in there and
it's a Grand Marnier I started working
at la patisserie again because I was
able to remember old stuff but nothing
new it is a little bit hard for me like
if I have to make someone a sandwich or
something I'll probably ask them the
same question like three times in a row
did I forget anything
both of my cupcakes and another Eclair
all right yeah don't worry the box will
be filled okay
did I confuse you know I can remember
like you know my phone number from when
I was a kid they're like something like
that but still like I have a hard time
remembering appointments dates times my
schedule for work anything max has the
longest follow-up of any of the patients
and he had deficits you know well over
you know a year out we know the scope of
the problem is larger than just just
Massachusetts and somebody who's not
laying down new memories who's not able
to learn new material isn't going to be
able to remember the steps that they
need to take in order to necessarily
effectively engage in their treatment
changed everything it's changed
everything
I can't plan for things small things
become huge to me and my anxiety takes
over and I just like can't handle it and
run away
you
you
