you mighta heard my voice I do not come
to play with you all on Beyonce
formation here tonight or you may have
heard it on great nights for what but
this is the face that go with them both
oh the party has started this big freeze
of the Queen diva you Besta believer and
I international
and these are my vices oh my god these
bags are super nice she is so cute
like I gotta pick up the phone girl yeah
even when I was younger I would like
have a briefcase going to school and I
was like I need a purse so I started
getting the purses and just like having
fun with them I know I don't need this
bag but I'm a steal by it anyway the
most I probably spent on a purse is
close to about five thousand the
representation of me in the first form
probably my own person it out of a big
penis whoa now this is the ass I eat
this is so smooth look at that nice room
under here I'm addicted to ice I like
certain type ice I like little small
pebble it's or really flaky I use like
the ice from Starbucks when I'm on a
plane and I'm flying to Australia for 23
hours I start you know like tweaking for
more ice can I have a piece of this
mm-hmm
much needed you don't have to be gentle
well I go to massages so much because by
me being on the stage all the time it
helps relax my body people think it's
easy and I just show up and I just pop
up where there's a whole lot going into
it before I even hit that stage what
stresses me out the most my boyfriend
no don't stop it
well I'm Freddie by day because that's
when I'm usually handling my business
but I'm definitely free too when I hit
that stage it gets cloudy and you know I
have those days where I don't want to be
free - or Freddie well a lot of people
think that I am trans but I'm not trans
I am a gay male with hair and L so if
you say he or she it doesn't matter I
Know Who I am you know that was just one
time when I messed up not keeping up
with the money that I was making and
reported it I had to go to court and I
became a felon I was so embarrassed and
I bounced back getting my finances in
order hiring a business manager to
handle all of that
and I also bounced back with the Beyonce
song because it came out right after
that when Beyonce shot formation I was
on tour and when Drake wanted to get my
sample to use for the song the video was
already shot so a lot of people think
that they didn't want me individually
but our schedules didn't line up and
it's okay for me like my voice being in
it is a story and that's important for
me and for the LGBTQ community long as
the check clear I'm fine you already
know
you
