my name is nicaya walker the current
mayor of the city of Charlottesville
growing up in Charlotte was pretty tough
most people don't make it out so the
same kind of issues that poverty bring
that you hear about in larger cities
we've dealt with for my entire life
a friend of mine we had just left the
church and by the time we had got to my
house from me to be dropped off there
were calls coming in and saying that you
know there were people with torches
marching on campus the next day was
completely devastating I mean it was
very fearful
Martell we did not what the
 here Charles Ville it
wasn't an isolated incident if you look
at it in terms of American society these
things have been popping up but a little
bit deeper than that the organizers of
that summer of hate and of the rallies
were to UVA alumni and now we're at a
point where we have to be honest about
the people using their skills learn at a
university in the center of our town to
bring harm to our town Iran is an
independent because we're back to the
individuals who have maintained power so
when you talk about the people who have
been in power in Charlottesville they
have been members of the Democratic
Party who have allowed some of the most
devastating policies to affect local
citizens we have a very ill culture here
and that culture is the culture of white
supremacy I've seen it my entire life
ask yourself how is voting the same way
you do time and time again on things
such as development and how same truly
impacting community colors in
Charlottesville you have a leader
calling you out on your racist behavior
please stop feeling threatened violated
or whatever you feel by the mayor's
perspective communication and
transparency after the events of last
August the conversations definitely
changed miss Walker
I've heard you say I want the people to
be heard I hope that includes me and you
allow me
excuse me we I hope you allow me to
speak without interruption are we going
to do this every year just I'd like to
end with a quote from Thomas Jefferson
can we let him finish yes we have to
because just like everyone else we've
just been having this conversation at
every level right so did you understand
the what we've been talking about for
over a year now by our first amendment
okay so it's not about whether you care
now but if we he has a right to speak so
what our fan is bad he is here I'm not
saying I want to listen to him or that
you should have to listen to him I'm
just telling you where we are the
uncertainty of the upcoming weekend will
be the necks of major frustration
there's no trust
of our current police our local police
our state police the federal government
at no level of government do people
trust the process my hope is that we do
this work of transforming the current
state of the city so well that people
will come and ask us how that we do that
and that we may become a model for how
true change happened in a country that
has been struggling with the truth for
almost 400 years
you
