tonight somebody any type of ideas
better than having no identification at
all
that's not trying to bastardized a
result about Beyonce but 18 hours is no
special counsel Robert Muller is in
discussions for an interview with
russian pop star amin a Gallardo who
helped broker a meeting between Trump
campaign officials and a Russian lawyer
in June 2016
a galata of x' lawyer says both parties
haven't yet reached an agreement when
vice news interviewed a Gallardo of last
month he told us how he set up the
meeting between Donald Trump jr. Jared
Kushner Paul Manafort and Russian lawyer
natalia visa night sky ax i said the
meeting up i know what that meeting was
about was about nothing the catholic
church has updated its official
teachings to oppose the death penalty in
all cases calling it a quote attack on
the inviolability and dignity of the
person the Catechism previously endorsed
executions if it was the only way to
protect lives Pope Francis says the
church will work to abolish capital
punishment which is still legal in 53
countries Apple has become the first
trillion-dollar company in the world
which is certainly a lot more impressive
than yesterday when it was worth a
paltry 976 billion cat collars and
France will now face on-the-spot fines
of up to 870 dollars after the country
outlawed sexual harassment on the street
the law which was submitted to
Parliament in March past four days after
a video of a woman being attacked by a
cat collar in Paris went viral
today the Trump administration announced
its official proposal to rollback Obama
era limits on pollution from cars and
small trucks the changes which target
the corporate average fuel economy or
cafe standards would freeze fuel economy
standards at the 2020 level and get rid
of a special status that California has
had since the 70s which allows the state
to set its own standards and basically
lead the country when it comes to car
emissions but first the Trump
administration has to sell the proposal
to do that Secretary's Chow and wheeler
co-wrote this creatively titled op-ed to
lay out their plan but the real way it's
selling the rollback is by making an
argument that dirtier cars make you
safer the proposal suggests that less
efficient cars could reduce highway
fatalities by up to a thousand deaths a
year how would that work the
administration says more stringent fuel
standards make cars more expensive and
that means people keep their old cars
for longer instead of buying newer safer
cars it also says that under its
proposal people who drive less because
they would own gas guzzlers that are
more expensive to drive and that would
therefore lead to fewer cars on the road
and fewer accidents so wanna preventing
tougher fuel standards saves lives
but this doesn't actually make sense for
one thing the fuel efficiency standards
have been in place since 2012 and the US
has had record car sales in the years
since so a lot of people do in fact have
newer cars and if you ask one of the EPA
advisors who worked on the Obama rule
the way the administration came up with
the number of lives saved is very
strange it seems very very deceptive
argument about ninety percent of what
they call the saved fatalities are
simply due to their grand assumption
this make-believe assumption that
American drivers will drive about three
trillion fewer miles if they freeze the
standards and they would otherwise drive
under the current standards we have on
the books this is obviously ridiculous
the administration also suggests that
fuel-efficient cars are more expensive
so their proposal will mean huge savings
for Americans but it's clear that the
administration isn't taking into account
the environmental impact and the
resulting costs of having a ton of gas
guzzlers on the road after all when it
comes to transportation the largest
source of greenhouse gas emissions for
passenger cars the titan fuel economy
standards were the single greatest
accomplishment of the obama
administration in terms of fighting
climate change and now Trump is trying
to undo that that will have very
considerable costs in human lives
sanctuary cities just got a little bit
safer judges ruled against president
Trump's 2017 executive order saying the
government would withhold funding from
cities that don't cooperate with ice the
9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled
yesterday that only Congress can block
federal funding the Department of
Justice called the ruling a victory for
criminal aliens some state governments
are opposed to sanctuary policies to
Texas Senate bill 4 known as the show me
your papers law allows officers to ask
anyone they detain to reveal their
immigration status an opponents say it's
enough to keep immigrants from asking
for help or reporting crimes so Catholic
parishes in Dallas came up with an idea
they'd start issuing IDs themselves
what sorts of challenges does it present
in life to not have a state issued
identification oh my gosh it's like day
and night to enroll your kids in school
to go to a doctor open a bank account if
you don't have that it's really hard I'm
part of a group of people at the church
that have been working with the parish I
did we make the announcements at the
mass that we are going to be signing
people or interested in in getting the
parish ID in the first instance we have
1600 people sign up plus a thousand new
members the idea for parish ID cards was
proposed last fall in a meeting between
Dallas area police officers and members
of the faith community
Josephine Paul has been a lead organizer
in Dallas's immigrant community for over
15 years and has strongly opposed SB 4
since its inception in the listening
sessions we learned that the most
pervasive fear that immigrants had was
to report a crime many had been victims
of crime and also if they had an
encounter with a police officer how they
would identify themselves so as soon as
we kind of understood that then we begin
you know building on the political work
that we've been doing with the Dallas
Police Department we often send our kids
to school in first identification they
might get it it's a student ID you know
and so that gives them some sense of
this is Who I am you know and the school
voucher for me so I guess with them this
gives them a sense of this is who I am
and my church vouch for me it has no
legal binding we understand that but
it's not from our perspective that it
matters as it does to them se hizo con
la policía de ustedes tuvieran une
documento andhad o caso de que calor
conduce en dole se era una infección y
no tuvieran ustedes confident if ik are
say no lo siva a llevar a immigration
sino que les evade our simple mental
identificación d go la la moune estación
si tenían ustedes esta identification if
a please have a serve in the das police
department decides that he wants to
follow the letter of Senate bill 4 and
that he does not want to accept parish
ideas
well that officer be reprimanded oh of
course not I mean with officer using
their discretion you know they can weigh
in on the totality of the circumstances
in which they come in contact with the
person that goes back to sayings some ID
any type of ID is better than having no
identification at all the parish I did
program started so that undocumented
immigrants will feel more comfortable
talking to the police it if it is up to
every single individual officers
personal discretion whether or not to
accept perished IDs don't you think
there's some fear that you're actually
putting like a false hope in some of
these undocumented immigrants by just
giving them something that doesn't have
to be actually accept them reporting the
crime is just as important as anyone
else in this community
cry our job is to try to create the
safest community in the country and so
it requires trust and this requires
building trust do you think that Senate
bill 4 then has eroded some of the trust
between law enforcement and undocumented
communities I'm not going to comment on
them in Assam but I'm
see
I feel more comfortable in case any
policemen need something with my photo
that it was issue here for the church to
be doing this for us
it's a sense of hope that we have people
who really care and that's different
especially in the times were living NAND
agua Emerson bamboozle of San Pio party
is there for Julie declared elected
president of the Republic of Zimbabwe
with effect from the 3rd of August 2018
today
Zimbabwe's Election Commission announced
that Emerson Managua has won the race
for president but he's been doing that
job since November when he took over
from his longtime ally Robert Mugabe
after a coup ended the dictators 38 year
rule anticipating the news the military
and police with the capital city Harare
on lockdown after at least six people
died in protests on Wednesday
the protesters support manang Gaga's
opposition the MDC party their
presidential candidate Nelson sham Issa
says he won the popular vote and he's
accused the Election Commission of
delaying its announcement to rig the
results because that's now wreaking
that's not manipulation that's now
trying to bastardized a result the
ruling Zanu PF party says sham mesa is
responsible for the violence because he
declared victory a day after the polls
closed but before results had been
finalized we all the opposition and
disciplines and it's war leadership
responsible for this disturbances of
national peace which was meant disrupt
the process the vote itself was
relatively peaceful and the Election
Commission says turnout was high at
seventy five percent of voters but EU
observers noticed irregularities by the
political Wrightsville actually
respected there was real concerns
regarding the environment for the polls
the election was supposed to be an
opportunity for Zimbabwe to start fresh
and focus on bigger challenges people
don't want to see bickering about the
results for the next two or three weeks
you know this be the economy can't wait
and people think about the results in
other words I think it's going to be
more about expediency now Managua has
the difficult task of trying to unite a
divided country where voters have reason
not to trust the government or his party
there was such a sense of optimism about
about the election there's a real hope
people are really open at this election
would build political reconciliation
we've been through this is a real sense
of deja vu and disappointment
it's vacation season for British
politicians if you're in Tereza Mays
government the chances are that this
year you're not heading to the beach to
chill you're heading to Europe to talk
brexit a week ago that use chief
negotiator Michel Barnier
rejected Mays proposal for how brexit
would work so now one of the world's
least charismatic heads of state is on a
charm offensive to save brexit and her
own political career she met with the
leaders of Austria the Czech Republic
and Estonia last Friday and she's
sending ministers on hasty scheduled
visits to Germany Spain and Italy four
of her top team have travelled to France
in the last week and tomorrow May is
cutting sure her own holiday to meet the
French president Emmanuel macron wise to
resume focusing her attention on France
France has been the toughest on brexit
so far and the leader of the European
Commission who's leading the talks
Michel Barnier has had a very tough line
and he's taking his directions really
from France and Germany and Teresa mais
plan is to try and undercut the European
Commission and go straight to the member
states and try and encourage them to put
pressure on Barnier to be a lot softer
the nightmare scenario here is the No
Deal scenario
No Deal scenario means absolute chaos
chaos at the ports airlines not being
able to fly to EU destinations and it
means that there are big risks to the
UK's food supply chain there would be
problems in the City of London because
there are all of these derivatives
contracts and without EU law they would
no longer be valid and there would be
huge amount of litigation that all might
seem far-fetched but the No Deal
scenario actually appears to be getting
more real by the day the two sides can't
agree on the normally difficult business
of who would collect what tariffs on
what Goods and even if make could
convince the Europeans to accept our
approach she's having even worse luck at
home David Davis the UK's brexit point
man and Boris Johnson the foreign
secretary both quit in protest over Mays
plan
it is not too late to save Brett's she
doesn't have a legislative majority and
even our own party is basically split in
half between the brexit areas like
forests we think her soft version of
brexit doesn't change anywhere near
enough and the remain OHS who wish this
whole thing never happened in the first
place to make matters worse Britain and
Europe have already set a deadline to
figure this out by the end of October
if May can't get it done the government
almost certainly collapse and there'll
be fresh elections probably a new prime
minister tasked with cleaning up the
mess the best chance of avoiding that
convincing European heads of state to
change their minds and having them
pressure you negotiators to change
theirs which is why the government
summer holiday is officially over
musicians make just fractions of a penny
every time their song gets played on a
music streaming platform but in 2015 one
company launched with a promise to put
profits and power back in the hands of
artists jay-z bought the Norwegian
streaming site title for 56 million
dollars he brought on 15 artists and
bands as stake holders but when title
released data on its listeners in 2016
the numbers didn't quite add up
title said it's 3 million subscribers
streamed Kanye West's the life of Pablo
more than 250 million times in 10 days
and Beyonce's lemonade more than 300
million times in 15 days reporters at a
Norwegian paper dogging snoring sleeve
were suspicious of those numbers high
after receiving a harddrive from an
alleged whistleblower they hired Katrin
Frank to investigate digital forensics
laboratory
yes which happened so we are the crazy
knowledgeable people in the basement who
do analysis of fraud of data her team
found unusual listening patterns
entitles user data from Kanye and
Beyonce's latest albums when we got the
data we saw it as a huge amount of
Records being registered in the log
files where we wondered what is going on
here why is this huge amount of Records
suddenly there there are multiple time
stems with F exactly hour minute second
millisecond and they had all the same
user ID and they had order track record
which would imply this one user needs to
have 60 devices where he pushes at the
same millisecond the button to play a
favorite record likely
frança and her team say around 320
million streams across 1.7 million
accounts look suspicious the data
appeared to show users listening to
tracks in the same patterns over and
over again throughout the same day oh
wow okay I see what you mean by the
duplications one of those accounts is
owned by Jeremy Simmons he lives in
Maryland and adores Beyonce vice news
come the data from the leaked hard drive
it showed he listened to lemonade for 18
hours on one day in April 2016 there's
no way I love Beyonce but 18 hours is no
that leaves six hours of the day in 2016
tidal reportedly paid universal 2.2
million dollars for streams of Kanye's
album through March and Sony 2.5 million
for streams of Beyonce's lemonade
through May fake or not the recorded
streams translated into real revenue and
concentrated it in the hands of two very
powerful artists that's because
musicians don't earn a set amount every
time a song is streamed they get a share
of what title makes so Falls plays can
skew the proportion effectively pulling
money away from smaller labels or
independent artists title has previously
disputed these claims
Tohno a company that represents more
than 2.5 million songwriters worldwide
was the first of four associations to
file a complaint against title 2 the
Norwegian police what I'm hearing from
the customers is that they are skeptical
now to title and can we can we trust the
other music services so it's serious for
the for the whole music business I
believe and that is the reason for us to
to take this case to the police
title denies the claims and told us that
the information on the hard drive was
stolen and manipulated and that it would
vigorously fight the allegations made by
dagan snoring's leaf which it accuses of
launching a smear campaign
title also says they hired an
independent cybersecurity firm to
investigate what it calls a data breach
vice news made multiple requests for
interviews and comments with title its
artists owners and sprint which has a
33% stake in the company some of the
musicians refused to give us a comment
while others did not respond to our
request I would yeah basically asked
what are you gonna do about this is it
true is it not true I just want them to
make it right if you didn't know it was
wrong
now you do yeah me neither of us and if
I'm gonna have you can attack him mm no
can mr. Mishkin tell Azaria and wonder
she didn't actually is what could be
Rapunzel was shining with drawers and
laughing sir these are the 60 or so new
recruits who are joining the agency
curity forces
you
you
