but am I gonna have a bunch of people
hating me after this
cool I like it it's creative it took a
little turn that I didn't expect it to
take I was expecting a little bit more
of like a pop rock kind of song and it
went into a more I don't even know what
to call it it felt like hip-hop but it
was much more organic than that can't
even think of anybody else who sounds
just like that right now there's
unexpected to cross the river make it
back home before nothing in the music
perhaps my attention at all so I jumped
over to the lyrics and and I guess I
don't really like when that happens I
prefer a lyric to just be relatable but
not in a way where all I can see is like
too much it's kind of like like sexy
clothing if you're just naked then the
fantasies gone
so what I didn't like is that it sounded
like the singer was in the bathroom next
door and there was a flanger on top of I
think everything or at least the whole
drum kit and it felt like the whole song
at 40% reverb on it which is absolutely
not my taste like music to grab me and
really grabbed my attention this just
absolutely didn't do it to me I need the
singer to come out of the bathroom and
then sing microphone so this head
moments of Nightrider reminded me of
space if you'd then only take a few
elements but don't fill up the space
it feels naked to me and I don't want to
be naked in space you want to be naked
in space I don't want to be naked in
space I don't think you want to be
against me
you
you
