tonight stepping forward to say this is
my child it's also putting them at risk
of a deportation this is their headlines
so this board is full of the words that
I don't really know her have had trouble
spelling after a dinner that included
steak cheese and corn last night
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the
u.s. is making progress preparing for
the summit with North Korea our two
countries face a pivotal moment in our
relationship in which it could be
nothing short of tragic to let this
opportunity go to waste
kim yeongcheol is headed to DC next to
hand-deliver a letter from Kim Jong I'm
the president Trump
president Trump pardons right wing
provocateur Dinesh D'Souza who pleaded
guilty in 2014 to campaign finance fraud
- this is the fifth pardon Trump's
granted while in office the president
also said he's considering commuting the
sentence of excellent I governor Rod
Blagojevich who appeared on Celebrity
Apprentice and pardoning Martha Stewart
who had her own apprentice spin-off
Virginia became the 33rd state to expand
Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act a
new jersey has passed its own version of
the individual mandate they're part of a
wave of state-level efforts to make the
ACA work even as Congress tries to kill
it it's now illegal to wear a burka in
public in Denmark the fourth European
country to pass a law banning clothing
that covers the face the legislation was
first floated by the anti-immigrant
Danish People's Party but the Danish
government says the law doesn't target
any particular religion
Neil portnow the president of the
Recording Academy who said that female
artists and executives need to step up
if they want to be part of the music
industry will be stepping down next year
there's been a flood of stories lately
about how the government lost almost
1500 children who crossed the border is
so-called unaccompanied minors but it
isn't true
the office of refugee resettlement or
Orr is responsible for unaccompanied
minors it finds and vet sponsors who
look after these kids while their
immigration status is determined and
then 30 days after they're placed with
sponsors it gives the children a call to
make sure everything's all right that's
where the lost kids story comes from oh
where are called over 7,600 children and
almost 1500 of them didn't pick up the
phone those kids were then counted as
lost even if they weren't necessarily
lost none of this is new as a former
official confirmed to me Oh our stated
responsibility has always ended with
that phone call checkup but something
else has changed how Orr vet sponsors
back in 2014 Maddox an undocumented
immigrant who asked us to only use her
first name didn't have to share much
information at all to gain sponsorship
of her son and nobody and nothing xcxc
on hmm Hamas like that para mas não
importa masculine no no must never know
the chaos and protection to come is you
coming papa siempre today the rules are
stricter largely because of a highly
publicized scandal where unaccompanied
minors ended up in the hands of human
traffickers orr is even getting ready to
implement a new rule we're all sponsors
have to share their fingerprints before
recovering migrant children and it's
starting to share some of this
information with the Department of
Homeland Security which isn't exactly
friendly to immigrants have you had
people come to you
potential Guardians and say I want to
claim my child but I'm worried if I do
it then
we'll be deported yes I had a couple of
people who were asking me those
questions like what happens if I come
forward and then I want to sponsor my
child like well they know where I live
will they be able to tell immigration
where I live there is this common
understanding in the community and this
common fear that also stepping forward
to say this is my child it's also
putting them at risk of a deportation if
or is trying to do something for this
population they need to better assess
not provide this unprecedented policies
where well your parent is undocumented
we're going to share that information
with us it's just not gonna help
children so far this year there seems to
be some truth to velasco's warning only
about 40 percent of unaccompanied minors
have been placed with their parents
compared to 60% in 2014
okay we had to see esto en el pasado Oh
age and I don't care that any of my son
gusta la me me that thought he asked
existing I wanna kiss below - a coach is
a better guest and most weirdest broku
porque este proceso I can say are cuenta
con Affinia documentos say inclusive
cuando yo to vacate even Oh Ella % Aloha
Amira C own sin TT more
Vegh okay - okay Chuvalo la première
Corte yes NTT more Mucha gente Mencia no
no - no puede con el - no puede si R Y
entonces a Jaime Oriente a secon
personas no no tiene que la parinama my
to be a woman
when are you hey Tara Tara Delta Morris
Epis a halal Authority pero si that a
motor that my president Trump famously
bragged that trade wars are easy to win
and it looks like he's about to get his
chance to prove it when the president
announced his steel and aluminum tariffs
back in March he exempted Canada Mexico
and the EU today the administration
slammed the door on those exemptions in
the name of national security and said
the tariffs would go into effect
tomorrow the argument that Canadians
steal that is in American armored cars
and Canadian aluminum that is an
American fighter jets could somehow be a
national security risk becomes even more
absurd when one tries to apply it to
cars or car parts made in Canada Trudeau
has reason to be livid Canada is the
largest exporter of steel to the US and
the largest importer of American steel
and as he spoke Canada went public with
its counter-attack a 25% tariff on
American steel a ten percent tariff on
American aluminum and ten percent
tariffs on an almost comical range of
specialty goods from the states
including pizza and quiche the big three
of condiments and basically everything
you'd need for a sleepover party it's a
reminder of just how many American
industries rely on access to the
Canadian market and the European market
the EU released its own list of proposed
tariffs on the us beyond steel and
aluminum
they had target American t-shirts jeans
booze tobacco and makeup Mexico put out
a list to adding American pork cheese
and sausage so what happens now the
three North American powers are in the
middle of renegotiating NAFTA and it
could collapse entirely if the trade war
drags on it's just as likely though that
the u.s. backs down before the real
bloodletting starts before any apostasy
we pray with is he a musketeer
reportedly he atomic attack on the
hospital you don't skip a fad officially
a compound dakota Britannic secure new
novel but nicosia new robot position on
europa componet ii Osama equivalent a
sailor slaughter kitty
Michelle Bonnie a is the voice of the 27
countries in the European Union's brexit
negotiations the future rights of 500
million citizens and a trading bloc
worth hundreds of billions a riding on
the deal his team strikes with the UK a
former French Foreign Minister he's
taken a hard line in the negotiations
the clock is ticking there will be no
business as usual and showing unique
talent for trolling the British so no
Tom Cruise and Yamaguchi Churchill
Churchill et to preserve appear huh less
than a year before brexit vice news went
exclusively behind-the-scenes with
Barney a to check in on the status of
the world's strangest divorce settlement
several times a week Barney a leaves EU
headquarters in Brussels to travel
around Europe and speak to two very
separate audiences Austria's
the first of the millions of Europeans
who've entrusted him to make the best
brexit deal possible it's not only about
negotiating between coffee shores and
pressure on London so that people about
that business mothers stakeholders so I
assume that this negotiation cannot be
secret of course for a Frenchman
speaking primarily to Europe it's no
accident that many of his speeches
aren't precisely constructing English he
knows the second audience listening in
is the British press which dissects is
every word missing big choice closing
doors of course also implies it's their
will but there you have to assess on the
message of okay they are making sure
that certain things are not possible
with the UK still divided over key parts
of its own position repeating the same
few phrases you cannot be business as
usual tinged with a touch of do the
family short pockets ticking is
deliberate part of Barney a strategy for
presenting a united European front this
is their red lines not our relaxed in
Brussels his ability to keep Britain on
edge has made Barney a the star of Brick
City
no please thank you thank you thank you
very much you can do politics without
its contact with the people huh totally
impossible huh
behind closed doors Barney a leads more
than 30 advisors and technocrats divided
into different areas of EU policy I mean
together they fix the e u--'s position
of each aspect of the break-up meeting
monthly with their British counterparts
to try to find common ground it's slow
methodical the very definition of
bureaucratic and Barney a loves it Lucas
a donkey that Hawaii Cody diem
devaluation the polym technique juridic
finish a economic kiss opposite but this
is your platonic I know I know I said
max one hour so they will they stick to
their guns but in fact they said that
there are new agreements to make he
submits cotton Italian delegation great
initial draft treaty as a hotelier was
of it Halloweeny keep what who and do
Nui complete yes I say we do know she
could do distress there have been major
breakthroughs the two sides settled on
the cost of the so-called divorce bill
could roughly fifty three billion
dollars the UK will pay to buy itself
out of its obligations to Europe there's
also an agreement to guarantee the
rights of Europeans living in the UK and
vice versa
as well as a transition period lasts
until December 2020 giving everyone more
time to work out a future trade
relationship democracy pal Paloma Manu
some discommode October say it's a draft
treaty in the O'Farrell a collage a show
host Vasant gasp oh so the subtext Ravi
somewhere hidden all suggest then
suppose so
so the pretty seriously blow a risk
more of a bar where the sides disagree
though they disagree a lot should
European courts or UK courts have the
power to enforce the deal
how should Northern Ireland part of the
United Kingdom interact with the Irish
Republic part of the European Union the
entire deal transition and all will
collapse if there is an agreement on
everything get there No Deal
yeah buddy Tony sure it's absolutely
fetch a book would pour important more a
final risk to the exit treaty is the
elected officials themselves Barney a
needs to sell his deal to the people who
are technically his bosses the
government's and elected representatives
of 27 EU countries so I have this
meeting once per week with his breakfast
in group a small group of very key
paramount errands to get the approval
apology must not wait for the at the end
of the route process you have to built
every day all along the roads all over
the process have to build trust these
private weekly briefings are a key part
of the strategy to keep the eu27 united
indeed I agree with you that I mean the
two options of customers
Barney a is among the favourites to
become the next president of the EU in
2019 meaning he would personally oversee
the future relationship between the EU
and the newly independent UK so tiny but
Emily yeah said premier atop the context
of the divorce when you support osela
Halle Sophie do you give up on prison
airplay salute to the bottom version a
module pattern you can substitute Java
bella difficulty notice it audacity but
may be news at a local britannica the
position claimed the schwa said a
decision platonic the key technical
problem person dude lien dude this
morning if you went to Google and types
and California Republicans you don't
learn something about them that might
have surprised you listed in the
knowledge panel it's some basic info
about the state GOP and one of those
things is ideology and the first one
listed was Nazism the knowledge panel is
designed to help users get information
quickly though this isn't the kind of
information the Republican Party wants
to deliver to voters five days before
the California primary conservatives
already believe big tech is biased
against them and quickly claimed this
was another case of liberal Silicon
Valley and tolerance California
Republican and House Majority Leader
Kevin McCarthy called Google's label
quote a disgrace and that it is just the
latest incident and a disturbing trend
to slander conservatives when vice news
reached out to Google for a statement
they fixed the problem but also claimed
it wasn't really their fault Google told
us that nobody within the company
changed the description and if the
knowledge panel automatically populates
for a bunch of different websites
occasionally airs get through and that's
what happened here the company also said
that giving preference to content of one
political ideology over another isn't
something they do so far Google has
avoided some of the political outrage
that Facebook and Twitter have been
subjected to
but with Fox News and Drudge Report
picking the story up today the company
may not be able to hide anymore
at this point I'm not sure whose
trophies are whose because they both
participated in some of the same bees
but these are all are not south ones
there's also these - these are our South
Asian trophies this one is my brother
this one is my brothers cuz he wanted
and this is mine my brother came in
first and I came in second six finalists
we are predominantly as a community not
really good at sports so so this was
something a brain sport which I thought
that if done right the community will
really respond well because you know it
would involve the entire family I've
known the gymnastics family now for
three or four years these two boys and
it's only later on I realize in their
brother's phone asthenia fulness tinea
can I have the definition I've been to
scripts twice but as since I'm in high
school I'm too old to do it again this
year
hip hop for this hippo Fergus is this
feeding on horse flesh pretty much yeah
hip our fathers H I P I'm excited for
him that he gets to go because it's a
really amazing experience and I'm also
frankly really nervous about it you're
spelling too fast again I don't know how
he'll do he's a bit of a wild card at
times I usually spend around one to four
hours on spelling every day stasis he
look at all round development like
academics is first and then their
after-school activities but we had to
cut down swimming to make time for
spelling bees
sometimes I feel a little bit bad other
kids in the backyard are playing and
throwing it stuff at the balls at each
other or whatnot
and these people are like learning new
words so this board is full of the words
that I don't really know or have had
trouble spelling these two they might
seem normal like this short words but
apparently this is pronounced run its je
N and this is pronounced cocked it's xat
I know this one is something to do with
the cardinal Confucian virtue run it's a
Chinese philosophy really bad
you know right
all spellers step right up please
proceed you guys can skip the line come
right on in three legs we have three
lane spellers
parisa or a sad man please Greek parisa
P right now is the oral spelling so my
group goes on to the stage and we spell
words for Melissa but we got the nation
I see you I have to pass this round and
the next round to get into the
semifinals if I don't pass these rounds
I'm not in through
good morning dr. Billy I already ERISA
public you I'm doing pretty well
compress Karen has the definition
cumbrous means making action or motion
difficult unwieldy can I have these
adjectives by receiving we're traveling
together in a file television see a and
I see
ize the tennis ice brick this gentle
little spells G ntil ITIL I heard gentle
lip show
can rel8
oh and the e and first one is correct
and Baudette here are your 2018 Scripps
National Spelling Bee finalists from San
Jose California speller number 70 ristic
gonna Sri I'm ecstatic and you heard my
advice right just stay calm and stay
cool
yes I knew that he was pretty good but
he hasn't studied much until right
before our Regional Spelling meet so I
didn't know if he'll take it or not
Korman CE o RB yep correct you s
Yoona nice Yoona knees is spelled Y u n
n a n yes thank you so on I heard the
word I thought it was a different words
and I didn't know the word that they
were actually giving me so I just went
with the word I knew but I got it we are
incredibly proud of how far he has come
and it was his first try and have really
are very proud of
we're very proud of him I'm feeling a
little disappointed because I got out
but I tried my best and that's all that
matters
you want to do the honors sure
so I know that's a 3d print a human here
so we're right at the beginning of a
revolution and it's going to be
manufacturing with total freedoms thing
is massive so your 3d printing rockets
to send a 3d printer to Mars to 3d print
more rockets to come back
you
you
