can you bring it can you hear me honey
there you go honey breathe she pukes
just hold her back Tessa can you hear me
how many times have you overdosed in the
last couple of months yeah actually the
only thing that makes me so yeah really
bad cuz not hatred my daughter to have
to hear about her mom dying
in 2008 we took 285 children other homes
and 2016 we took 656 children that's
just an arc County we have great
grandparents raising children because
their children and their children's
children have gotten addicted and
there's no one to take care of the kids
so how many different foster families
have you guys been with a bunch yeah
some of them we can't even remember we
never got really got to know our real
mom you know I would never wish what we
went through on anybody
okay I'm taking that temperature okay
without shaking we would call this
disturb tremors that's just one of their
withdrawal symptoms how long does it
typically take to stop a baby having
withdrawal symptoms up to six months
sometimes even up to a year I can't even
imagine what you go through and what you
see on a daily basis and how hard it
must be most days you go home okay a few
days you don't
you
