when Russia announced that Cossacks
would be part of the World Cup security
force
they were understandable concerns with a
history of horse bound campaigns of
ethnic violence dating to the 14th
century modern-day Cossacks have done
little to soften their image several
Cossacks infamously whipped members of
 Riot of the 2014 Olympics and
they've been filmed attacking
anti-government protesters at recent
demonstrations the cossacks have had a
bad reputation in the press because
there's been videos of them beating
protesters and whipping them have you
made an effort to try and combat those
stereotypes yes yeah no voice I'm a
widget you widget you mean our male
lunatic Jessica we will buy and sell for
Jaime esto es movie you trust or I see
you Cayenne is the street you master
the Cossacks are self-governing Orthodox
Christian group with special rights
guaranteed in law by President Putin to
take part in public service that's
includes supporting police and
maintaining order their critics say
that's made them a kind of morality
police and provided legal cover for
pro-kremlin vigilantism
four Cossacks like maximal in of an
artist a musician the World Cup is a
chance to set the record straight his
hometown of rostov-on-don is a Cossack
capital and one of the eleven cities
hosting the World Cup how are you
feeling seeing all the Russians with the
Mexican fans with the South Korean fans
it's a really great atmosphere
Rostow very butsudan SEO audit session
soon as las doce comprise accom Druzhba
we have social miss this modest approach
to procrastinated rugged upon yet
karazna challenge in persons alumina the
world cup in its massive security
operation will cost about fifteen
billion dollars in an economy already
strained by international sanctions but
with more than two million fans visiting
and an estimated three billion watching
on TV it's a once in a generation chance
a russian self-promotion something Putin
and the Cossacks both seem to realize
France Clint Civic overseas security for
the Russian equivalent of the Senate
we've been in Rostov and we've been in
Moscow and we've seen police officers on
the street waving at fans some of them
shaking their hands some of them taking
pictures with them have they been told
to be more gentle during the world cup
conditioner instructors build new
resistant area two-story precatory what
Adam is seen as resolution uShip fan out
of whose media the Cossacks roll in
security is that more of a tourist
attraction rather than actually anything
really to do with security need a new
damages relief music you know sort of we
Principia Jerusalem
yes if totaku lagana attorneys but it
says give me
Kazak murder that I would create you
tally possess a period see a temple the
innervate employer tax for such bullsháá
demands three route a percocet premier
cognitive EC data manager
you
