so we're coming up on Ely state prison
right here in Nevada this is where Scott
Dozier has been on death row for the
last 10 years he's waived his rights to
appeal and on Wednesday he'll be first
death row inmate to be executed using
fentanyl the opioid that's caused
thousands of overdose deaths across the
country so you're gonna be dead in two
days yeah
have I am have you processed that I mean
as much as a person can write that's a
heavy-duty thing and then Nevada is
using fentanyl to execute Dozier due to
a national shortage of lethal injection
drugs nobody really knows how functional
will mix in this fatal cocktail and
ordinarily that would give dojos lawyers
an easy angle for appeal but Dozier who
was convicted of killing and then
dismembering a 22 year old drug
associate named Jeremiah Miller in 2007
and if a previous murder in Arizona is a
rare death row inmate he's volunteered
to die how do you feel about this date
using fentanyl to kill hey it's awesome
I mean it's killing people all over the
place you guys kid pharmaceutical grade
fentanyl and just bang me up man he's a
shit-ton have you ever done an opioid
I have but they're not my thing have you
ever done fentanyl I've not done that no
it wasn't really a saying I guess back
no opiates weren't the rage they were
yeah I was out and I'm not a downer dude
I like uppers what do you say to those
who say Scott was convicted of brutally
murdering people and he's gonna go out
with a drug that's literally designed to
make you not feel pain is that justice
look it doesn't really matter at this
point guilt or innocence I'm past all
that I you know came up against an
entity that was bigger than me and they
made it clear that the behavior I was
engaging in they didn't like and I
disregarded them and now they're gonna
kill me for it do you think you deserve
the death penalty no I don't know
actually however I think that if
Jeremiah Miller's family really thinks I
killed him
they should have the opportunity to kill
me and so I guess maybe I do believe to
some extent in an eye for eye I mean I
know how I would respond if somebody
killed somebody I love
I was sure they did it I mean like
someone raped your sister the only thing
you do is bill that person out of jail I
mean you seem ready to go what are you
gonna miss I'm holy counting on not
missing anything like the one thing I'm
expecting from this is to be wholly
unconcerned with this plane of existence
so if I'm missing something still I'm
gonna be either bummed out or super
pissed what do you hope for your son
what do you hope for your grandkids
that they were more successful in
finding happiness and some degree of
satisfaction and gratification and a
life within the parameter assumes in
that the ability my inability to do that
clearly is a sizable portion for me
being here and I I I just hope they're
able to do that you know
you
you
