first and foremost this is a social
justice issue the reason to pursue this
is because of social justice it is the
principle reason I advocate for
legalizing adult use marijuana the push
to legalize marijuana in New Jersey is
on led by the state's new governor bill
Murphy who's made it one of his top
priorities and he's not the only one
making the pitch the drug war in the
United States of America has been a
complete and utter failure we want to
make sure that some of the revenue goes
towards social justice issues the
message has resonated with younger
members of the black community it's the
older generation that's having trouble
getting on board me I grew up in our New
Jersey home for me like you know we was
everywhere you know I you know one thing
that was consistent was that they will
always look down upon me because they
did
I'll babysit getting drunk it was okay
wait as long as they coming house
smelling like reefer is that what they
call it in Jersey it was always an issue
so for me I was always you know scared
to touch it what am I looking at man you
looking at viola we're starting off
we're just selling flowers slowly what
we're really known for his actions life
concentrates former NBA player al
Harrington has clearly changed his mind
about weed he's invested millions in his
new company which grows processes and
sells all sorts of marijuana products
out west I'm 5 million I was in so I
made a substantial investment you know
obviously you know people do stuff to
make money but you know I really feel
like my company is gonna change people's
lives you know and it's gonna change me
lives to opportunities it's gonna change
people's lives through medication and
through education cannabis to me I mean
it's a miracle plane what went through
your mind when you found out that New
Jersey was pushing to legalize marijuana
there was a chance
well you know the first thing I started
thinking about was how I can go back
into my old community and try to uplift
the community by bringing this industry
there and creating jobs where Harrington
sees an opportunity older members of the
black community who are still on the
streets back home in New Jersey see a
potential crisis last month the
legislative black caucus hosted a
hearing to talk about it how kids are
smoking weed right now call the weed
heads
there is no EpiPen for marijuana or THC
poisoning they don't get up in the
morning they don't carry their butt to
school it has an adverse impact on
productivity the hair all messed up you
know the look let's keep it 100
marijuana will take your heart out twice
as fast as nicotine that causes our kids
to now developing schizophrenia that's a
fact a lot of the facts cited are widely
disputed but they're driven by a desire
to protect the community that's been
ravaged by drugs and
raishin for decades it's going to impact
generation after generation like many
older black leaders state senator ronald
rice saw the heroin and crack epidemics
firsthand and advocated for tougher drug
laws to combat them if marijuana is
legalized new jersey what are you
worried will happen a word number one
that people won't get themselves killed
in my neighborhood I know it leads to
other things I know it's gateway cuz I
was a cop going back in the 70s a lot of
the crack people and heroin people
started with marijuana you feel like
branding to push for legalization of
marijuana in New Jersey as a civil
rights issue it's not a civil rights
issue the civil rights issue it's the
way people are being treated okay that's
the system it's all about money okay
it's money driven Brice's thinking has
evolved since the 70s because of the way
the war on drugs has disproportionately
targeted people of color he's introduced
a bill to decriminalize marijuana in New
Jersey but rice is only willing to go so
far is there a recreational marijuana
legalization build that you would
support no well we should be telling
we've been rolling this way we're not
pulling from nothing it is definitely a
divide but it's uh it's starting to come
a lot closer why do you say that just
because I'm seeing it every day you know
my mom you know when I first got into
this shoes very wary of it does your
family feel differently about reefer now
everybody does one of the concerns about
legalizing marijuana in New Jersey is
that there's just gonna be a ton of weed
in lower-income neighborhoods a lot of
black neighborhoods I mean is it's not a
weed in the neighborhood now so what is
the difference the difference if what's
happened at West is any indication is
that the black community could end up
buying its weed from an industry that's
almost entirely white do you feel like
the black community has access to the
industry at West
 no they can't afford it you know
what I mean at the end of the day it's
cost so much to even submit an
application you know what I mean I mean
hundreds of thousands of dollars and
then you have to show hundreds of
thousand dollars of working capital
that's why I had to continue to be an
advocate to try to change some of these
laws and break down some of these
barriers so that we can allow some of
the smaller people to participate and we
can really uplift our community with
this point the same plan that has
arguably done really done the opposite
in some cases destroyed a box that I
just feel like it can right some of the
wrongs
you
you
