Scott Pruett may or may not have been
your cup of tea as EPA Administrator but
there's one thing at which she was
undeniably successful freezing the flow
of information out of the agency during
Pruitt's 17-month tenure we made 16
attempts to interview him almost as many
requests as open investigations into
Pruitt's ethics / it denied or ignored
all of them an agency staff were also
reluctant to speak to us but with
resignation last week agency employees
some of whom were suddenly eager to
discuss my head into the hallway and
within seconds there was it was like it
was people whispering near my workspace
and something's going on a big take away
people were miserable working under
Pruitt so when the news got out there
was celebration it's like a wave here's
the non found that she because as people
heard I mean there was aa double hearing
in our hallway there was though there
was sort of momentary elation and for
some it continued into the night
employees went to Mackey's public house
of our close to EPA headquarters to get
farewell to Pruett drinks
just walking along and saw a friend and
colleague after where she was headed and
off down a drink with drink to celebrate
the day scott pruett second-in-command
andrew wheeler is taking over for the
time being he's been in government for a
while at least when he wasn't working as
a coal lobbyist and EPA employees will
have to come to terms with their new box
that are working at EPA headquarters
deputy needs to be cool guys it may
actually be even because but for now a
good number of EPA staffers are doing
something they haven't done in a long
time breathing a sigh of relief there
was an email from the chief of staff
thing we have the two new political
appointees special counsel or something
like that to the new administrator but
there wasn't anything saying thanks
you
