tonight is there anything that would
stop people from trying to cross the
border to the United States we've got
fifty years of hard work that's on the
line go look at the size of this
President Trump and Russian President
Vladimir Putin will hold their first
official summit in Helsinki on July 16
Trump's vice president secretary of
state and national security adviser all
say they expect the president to bring
up Russian election meddling but Trump's
morning tweet suggests otherwise a 19
year old Israeli American has been
convicted in Israeli court for making
nearly 2,000 hoax bomb threats to
American Jewish community centers as
well as airports schools and shopping
malls around the world michael kadar
said he made the calls out of boredom
but he also profited earning about two
hundred and forty thousand dollars in
bitcoins from people who paid him to
make threats the Justice Department has
charged 601 people with healthcare fraud
in what it's calling the largest
takedown of its kind in US history the
department highlighted charges against
162 people including 32 doctors for
illegally prescribing and distributing
opioids and other narcotics we will find
you we will bring you to justice you
will pay a very high price for what you
have done president Trump helped break
ground at a ten billion dollar factory
in Wisconsin for taiwan-based Foxconn
electronics which got nearly four
billion dollars in incentives to build
their eighth wonder I think we can say
this is we can say the eighth wonder of
the world this is the eighth wonder of
the world outside of a courthouse in
Brownsville Texas
today hundreds of protesters called on
the Trump administration to end its
zero-tolerance policy and stop
separating families who cross the border
or detain them it all across the Rio
Grande it's clear that zero tolerance
isn't dis waving migrants who will do
anything to reach the u.s. many are
biding their time and stash houses that
cartels use to stow drugs and also rent
out for a last-minute meal in a bed to
migrants waiting to cross
puerto de ana para is one of the poorest
communities in the state of Chihuahua
dominated by the Juarez cartel
it also backs right up to the border
fence making it the perfect spot for
migrants looking across the region one
of them is this 27 year old Guatemalan
pharmacy manager who's trying to get to
her husband she didn't want to be
identified out of fear u.s. immigration
authorities were arrested when do you
plan to cross into the United States mr.
Magadan yesterday mr. Rutherford Sara
tries a premium interior space JD oh
sweet oh man you ready on a Sunday you
kidding actress you can see me come time
is finished all of the sales great you
know the owner of the stash house which
is about 30 feet for the Mexican border
told us that the cartel would allow us
to interview migrants about immigration
but not about how the house serves is a
waypoint for drugs or human trafficking
the pharmacy manager has been waiting
three weeks to cross did you have to pay
people to make your way to this to this
house Ella Farrell you see you too
wicked my god backward from a harem
pisaq be around in it he costs her eight
thousand pesos or about four hundred
dollars to make it here the migrants who
passed through Juarez use a ladder to
climb the fence and hop on slow-moving
or stop trains most of the time the
trades are too fast to jump on
train slowed down near the University of
Texas El Paso where my grid's get off
and hope smugglers are waiting to take
them to safe houses on the US side of
the border the Juarez stash house we
visited is run by this man who told us
his name is Victor have you ever had to
deal with the Border Patrol
they're just right in your backyard oh
yeah gambling can say Willman
yeah Higgins apparently man England
Mason came to get a pass on do you stay
Amish economy mikonos Kanagawa shows he
realmente Noel nice van Sally honey come
for me other tempos a body even in
Callahan T villas in this area me Tommy
it may be physical day I must lay Yama
Sakura Gakuin you know I think they do
the math as momentous as payday ever
since a Gasol lipolysis parachute is
there anything that would stop people
from trying to cross the border to the
United States they think I'm only here
Jim frente Kauai use on matriculated
altered
so you were caught in 2016 and held a
detention center but despite that you're
still willing to try again see what they
keep an eye on dr. panda may my
nanometer isolation because office to
see me literally
Brent interpreted general character
Novosel or miss Morris Pharisee intend
to expected yeah yeah given a materials
we've already seen the links that they
will go through to try to undermine the
will of the American people we've got
fifty years of hard work that's on the
line
the day after Justice Anthony Kennedy
resigned from the Supreme Court
progressives are in a state they're sad
they're mad they're scared and thanks to
the rules of the Senate that's about all
they can be it used to take 60 Senate
votes to confirm a Supreme Court nominee
but Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
changed that rule last year so now
Republicans only need 51 votes that
means just 50 senators plus the vice
president if he's needed to break a tie
just 50 senators and you've got yourself
a new Trump friendly Supreme Court
justice whoever Trump selects is going
to tip the court in a way that in
dangers roe v wade and a host of other
progressive priorities like criminal
justice reform and Voting Rights and on
and on and on so Democrats are right to
be at defqon.1
and they're trying to strategize first I
tried to reason with McConnell in the
name of fairness and 2016 McConnell
blocked President Obama's Supreme Court
nominee because it was an election year
this decision ought to be made by the
next president whoever is elected hey
but this is an election year to say
Democrats McConnell has brushed that off
explaining that a presidential election
year is different from a midterm
election year
then there's the ethics plea Richard
painter is a former Republican ethics
chief who's now running as a Democrat
for Senate in Minnesota he says Trump
shouldn't get to pick a justice at all
because the High Court may end up
weighing in on the Russia investigation
or on Trump's alleged ethics
entanglements this idea might do pretty
well on liberal websites but don't
expect it to catch on anywhere else then
there's the idea that Democrats could
get to moderate Republicans to flip
Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski
they favor abortion rights
but even Democratic senators don't sound
too optimistic about it both of those
people are very judicious members of the
Senate and I think they will be weighing
the if any of the candidates very
closely Lefty pressure groups are also
pushing Democratic senators to quote
ditch the list the goal is to unite
Democratic senators against any one of
the potential 25 nominees on a list
Trump circulated last year but the fact
is at least one or two red state
Democrats are likely to vote in favor of
Trump's pick three of them voted for his
last one Neel Gorsuch so without the raw
numbers and without a procedural tool to
turn to what are Democrats left with
messaging and their number one message
is this what's at stake is whether or
not we will continue to recognize or not
a woman's right to choose what happens
to her own body Democrats may not be
able to stop the new Supreme Court
justice or stop the court from
overturning Roe but that means there's
going to be serious legislative battles
to be waged at the federal and the state
level on abortion and every other
progressive priority so the leaders here
in DC need to get everyone really jazzed
for this fight even though it's doomed
Mario Alberto Chavez is a candidate in
Sunday's national elections in Mexico
he's running for mayor of the
municipality of about 50,000 people in
this campaign
salir entrees personas Haridas condor
canto el primero de julio displays the
tray set in Taos no momentum to stay a
whole stage as demasiado demoscene
seguro para seguir in companion tech
guru is here la verdad si pero I mean lo
ve come on rehto this year they came
upon a la elliptical me gusta mucho la
política says porque tu na mesquita said
creciente municipal yourself creciente
de la república pero por lo menos
Nichkhun for Maria gigantic over del
estado de 13 de matar no creo no sé pero
si so special personas
personas que estan dentro del mismo o
there estos little minted political
between September and June a hundred and
thirty-two politicians have been
murdered across the country 48 of them
were candidates running for office the
deadliest state for politicians is
Guerrero the epicenter of Mexico's
heroin trade according to election
officials in the state the climate of
violence has made holding a normal
campaign season practically impossible
tambien efekta la la capacidad de la
ciudad ah no the water
in Dublin Amuro en varias este rihanna's
del estado Mira's tada so Fraga no
podemos a la una y mo Gracia plana de
las condiciones because murders like
these are rarely solved it's impossible
to know what exactly motivates them but
some people have a good idea
Salva Lauren Hill is a Catholic bishop
in Guerrero
his diocese include some bangle where
Mario Chavez is running for mayor Eliz
mafias contradict antes listen Teresa
Bonilla politico's a solo run Hill has
made headlines by holding regular
private meetings with prominent cartel
leaders in an effort to broker peace he
says there's a turf war between cartels
in the region and that includes a battle
for control of local officials me me t
por esto porque varios candidatos bonito
a ver may pour o menos siete candidates
por que estén miedo que hacer una
compañía para contar los della scenario
political los asesinos yes - Arita a
Fortuna meant a stun Bevo's to stay low
growl alguna influenza sobre el
comportamiento de los criminales
european so Jesse koalas on seola
elecciones principales
este aprendido por medio' de dialogue
are directamente con con estos personas
muchos de los politico's sus Padres o
solos narcos los kennel lisanna Palazzo
in Las Campanas I used se puede explicar
como a muchos narcos English system
protégée dos
in Subang go pretty much every
politician has either been a target of
organized crime or been accused of
colluding with organized crime
Mario Chavez is an example of both when
he was the mayor of a different
municipality next door
Chavez appeared on a list of officials
with suspected ties to some of the most
powerful cartels in the region onion
those will katharsis a lien article on
millennium can contrast pokey
kosnov odd-even archivo del gobierno
gettin una lease today I'll call this
the Guerrero's Con press windows bean
coulis con el criminal gang asado su
nombre pareció nasally stereo
oportunidad de responder a condo so Mira
es una zona donde su my oriental o-p-s
algo muy natural with a lesser alcalde
or logic addition below esta la mayor
parte del narcotraffic o we sell
president amirev in coulis political
traffic oh you look at the repeat Oh
medical
knee and then our kotteakos the ninguna
tipo soy profesora medica was the
hysteria yesterday in the whole
disposition they came invest in the
castle
one recent morning we followed Chavez
from his home to a campaign event on the
way he stopped at a different property
on the outskirts of some Fung
this one was a range where he keeps
cattle in various exotic pets
tengo problemas de ninguna typical nanny
absolutamente canary miracle our heart
is the moon in a familiar will mean
different person if you assume for
something look tango in amigos the total
muscular political we asked Bishop
Rangel if he knew anything about Mario
Chavez the local no se habla con el no
yo simplemente escuchando language
synthesis
su Bongo is a critical way point for the
heroin train between the Pacific and the
rest of Mexico that means that mayor is
a job a lot of people would like to have
or at least have influence over LOL alko
Cesaro Fearon es muy importante
Mons decir la puerta del cielo es la
puerta de la droga
Kim jong-nam the half-brother of North
Korean leader Kim jong-un was killed in
plain sight last year at Kuala Lumpur
International Airport today Malaysian
prosecutors wrapped their closing
arguments in the trial of the two women
accused of the murder the woman's
lawyers argue that they were tricked
into the act by North Koreans but the
North Koreans have a lawyer of their own
attorney gadget Singh insists us he's a
very boring man he only spends time in
four places his home his office a
courtroom and his temple even if his
routine sounds run-of-the-mill
his clients are anything but they
include some of the most notorious
criminals in modern Malaysian history
last year after Kim jong-nam was
assassinated Singh got a call from the
North Korean embassy they needed a
lawyer but one thing I do love you
coming to me I go straight this is
exactly what I told him I go straight I
know anything under the deal and how did
they reply to that they were happy the
Malaysian police initially named eight
persons of interest all from North Korea
four suspects had fled the country
immediately after the crime for
Pyongyang and we would request the North
Korean authorities to assist in police
did detain we gyeong-cheol so the guy
that was to take her 14 days ago and
sent back house but how did you do that
upon expiry of 14 days the police have
either charged him in court or to
release him in a released and so I was
able to persuade them that there's no
evidence in which he went he has to be
released and it has to be released back
him back the police wanted to question
the remaining three but they hid out in
the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur
and became pawns in a diplomatic game
between Pyongyang and one of its allies
I'm seeing again that the Korean
authorities are not
English Malaysia expelled a North Korean
ambassador North Korea in turn but the
only nine Malaysians in the country from
leaving essentially holding them hostage
eventually a deal was struck and the
last three North Koreans named by the
police were allowed to go home so
there's no representative from North
Korea who is on trial do you think North
Korea had any involvement with this case
at all oh no not at all no in this case
where the estranged brother had been
critical of the North Korean leader is
murdered in broad daylight yes and there
is evidence that there were North
Koreans there who were linked to the
government and you still believe that
they weren't involved
not as far as the four persons who were
there involved I can't see anything
because I don't know them I've never met
that they were left with all the North
Korean suspects out of the country
prosecutors set their sights on the two
women who approached Kim at the airport
that day city Asia from Indonesia and
wanti Hong from Vietnam CCTV footage
shows Duan who's wearing a shirt with
lol in big letters smear something on
Kim's face shortly before he died
prosecutors say that city was filmed
running away from the scene and traces
of the nerve agent that killed Kim were
later found on her clothes brands lawyer
tipo tech insists she was tricked by a
North Korean man posing as a Japanese
prank show recruiter who called himself
mister why yes mr. wise looking for
actresses
walking in and making short video clips
alone and did he promise her money
tey argues that some of the suspects who
were released were actually North Korean
operatives who duped his clients he says
they flew her all over Southeast Asia to
perform multiple pranks offering her
more money per prank than she ever made
in a day so they've conditioned her
do this prank alright and believe that
it was completely legitimate as poverty
V show in fact before the thirteen she
in fact cut her hair put makeup on the
early morning of 13 and February to 0
one son because she wanted a beautiful
the Indonesian embassy hired attorney
agree soon thing to defend the other
woman City who claimed she was tricked
in the same way why doesn't the
prosecution of pushing to charge these
two women you know I suppose a murder
have taken place and they're eager to
close the matter and and put the whole
subject at rest and by simply charging
the girl and see what happened the
defense has been compromised we blame
the Malaysian authorities for releasing
the North Korean suspects who could have
validated the women stories what the
Malaysian government ought to have done
is to impress upon the good the North
Korean government their responsibility
to allow this for people to come to
Malaysia to testify most likelihood of
that happening I think is zero as for
who's really responsible Singh points to
Kim's suspicious behavior that day if
you really look at the personality
involved the person who died he was
carrying a lot of cash he was having a
thumb drive and he met some
personalities in langkawi so what type
of what personalities we believe to be
from America they just won't say so if
you were to get involved in that kind of
clandestine meetings with these type of
people then you're living a life that is
very dangerous what's the best outcome
for you at the end of all of this
finally as far as I'm concerned I only
hope that the two ladies succeed in
their case yeah we did but if they're
convicted then that just the hope tremor
process all about
the Norwegian brown rat is in New York
City icon but for every pizza or a
cannibal rat to win over residents and
youtubers hearts there are another
250,000 to 2,000,000 unfamous rodents
the city could do without the number is
loose because rats are sneaky and they
breed like rats fighting this Brown
scourge are the city health department
and group of people who own terriers
under Mayor DeBlasio the city launched a
32 million dollar initiative in the last
year to rid New York of its signature
rodents concentrating on hyper infested
rat reservoirs such as this park behind
me I ensure this ropes balls on the City
Health Department whose own rat
Department is headed up by rats bert
carolyn Bragdon with her team rat
inspectors rat Vader's rat stoppage errs
and rat erasers all of whom we are about
to meet and hopefully harass
rats are are gross you know people don't
want to go to the park and see rats but
there are also other concerns you know
rests their nesting underneath the
sidewalk that sidewalk can cave in if
they're trying to get into a building
they could be chewing or knowing or
damaging the doors the rats cause a lot
of financial harm to New York City
infrastructure this summer the city's
Health Department is focused their
efforts on the worst rat reservoirs many
of which are nestled in and around
public housing projects they go in
between here there's smart aesthetic
they make these clothes they create they
own the big yeah I mean I mean it's
disgusting
building off earlier initiatives like
the installation of over 400
solar-powered rap proof trash cans the
city's rat reduction team employs a two
pronged approach to its job prong one is
borough harassment which basically means
stopping up or caving invisible rat
holes so they have to find in their home
prong two is just killing them either by
putting poison pellets and bait stations
or just directly into their burrows or
more recently by using special rat aside
we formulated dry ice basically with dry
ice they're just going to quickly and
painlessly go to sleep it's like pepper
dioxide yeah here we go night-night
Randy we're trying to knock them down
enough so that they don't just rebound
immediately well the city does it's rat
work by day another group of New Yorkers
take to the streets at night to reduce
the number of rats one foul beast at a
time or sometimes to the riders alley
trencher fed society is a nocturnal
hunting party of terrier owners and
other small dogs who originally bred to
chase rats into their holes and bring
them out dead just right under the
Williamsburg Bridge on the Lower East
Side and the hunt is just about to begin
Richard Reynolds has been part of this
rodent death squad for over 30 years and
although their effect on the city's
overall rat population is extremely
negligible it's a good workout for their
dogs and it keeps their instincts sharp
when rats are cornered they will run
anywhere okay all right they will run up
your pant light so to prevent that we're
going to duct tape your pant leg I
shouldn't just tuck my pants into my
socks or if I tuck my pants in my socks
I won't that won't do the Trekker
how do you guys do are you blooded after
your dog gets your first its first rat I
can't help but notice I'm the only one
with duct tape around this clumps Thomas
this is Mars Mars is a scent dog you and
Mars are gonna go right into the bags
and he's gonna try to find a rat and
push it out to the other door okay on
the count of three one two three release
that's a wrap
gonna come around the back there's a big
Warren over there there's like sometimes
30 40 of them I want everybody on leash
until we're all set up and then we
 place guys
got it suck your ass right up dinner
how does credit work if Maas flushed it
up but another dog caught it is it a
group effort okay good okay it's a team
thing you get it yeah all right what
where you go yo look at the size of this
there's still that ones the lot right
that's a lot too well this one really
want that account because it's fresh
somebody said don't you wear gloves and
I said no but I tried not to chew my
fingernails what a good job you had hey
get the capacitor watch hey hey
it's how we do what Queens New York stop
drop it well gone thank you very much
everybody likes the rat angle but we're
really here for the benefit of the dogs
this is what the majority of the dogs
were bred for it's what they like to do
then if we kill some rats along the line
we're better off you know it's a good
night when the dogs stay still for this
long nice given the cultural advantages
that India has I think it's a foregone
conclusion that the Indians will drive
the coming tech revolution you already
seeing it so you gave up working at
Google to come back you would start us
big bangle or whatever overtake silicon
really could what bad doors got going
for it is the scale of India it's like 1
billion people so this is India's sort
of best in the business
engineers nerds
you
you
