Kim jong-nam the half-brother of North
Korean leader Kim jong-un was killed in
plain sight last year at Kuala Lumpur
International Airport today Malaysian
prosecutors wrapped their closing
arguments in the trial of the two women
accused of the murder the woman's
lawyers argue that they were tricked
into the act by North Koreans but the
North Koreans have a lawyer of their own
attorney judge it Singh insists us he's
a very boring man he only spends time in
four places his home his office a
courtroom and his temple even if his
routine sounds run-of-the-mill his
clients are anything but they include
some of the most notorious criminals in
modern Malaysian history last year after
Kim jong-nam was assassinated Singh got
a call from the North Korean embassy
they needed a lawyer but one thing I do
love you coming to me I go straight this
is exactly what I told him I go straight
I know anything under the deal and how
did they reply to that they were happy
the Malaysian police initially named
eight persons of interest all from North
Korea four suspects had fled the country
immediately after the crime for
Pyongyang and we would request the North
Korean authorities to assist us in
overdose police did detain we jongcheol
so the guy that was to take her 14 days
ago and sent back house but how did you
do that upon expiry of 14 days the
police have either charged him in court
or to release him in a released and so I
was able to persuade them that there's
no evidence in which he went he has to
be released and if he has to be released
we pack him back the police wanted to
question the remaining three but they
hid out in the North Korean embassy in
Kuala Lumpur and became pawns in a
diplomatic game between Pyongyang and
one of its allies I'm sure you begin
that the Korean authorities are not
cooperating with us Malaysia expelled a
North Korean ambassador North Korea in
turn but the only nine Malaysians in the
country from leaving essentially holding
them hostage eventually a deal was
truck and the last three North Koreans
named by the police were allowed to go
home so there's no representative from
North Korea who is on trial do you think
North Korea had any involvement with
this case at all oh no not at all
no in this case where the estranged
brother had been critical of the North
Korean leader is murdered in broad
daylight yes and there is evidence that
there were North Koreans there who were
linked to the government and you still
believe that they weren't involved but
as far as the four persons who were
there involved
I can't see anything because I don't
know them I've never met that they would
be left with all the North Korean
suspects out of the country prosecutors
set their sights on the two women who
approached Kim at the airport that day
City Asia from Indonesia and wanti Hong
from Vietnam CCTV footage shows Duan
who's wearing a shirt with lol in big
letters smear something on Kim's face
shortly before he died prosecutors say
that city was filmed running away from
the scene and traces of the nerve agent
that killed Kim were later found on her
clothes brands lawyer tipo tech insists
she was tricked by a North Korean man
posing as a Japanese prank show
recruiter who called himself mr. y-yes
mr. wise looking for actresses walking
in the making short video clips alone
and did he promise her money the video
they argue is that some of the suspects
who were released were actually North
Korean operatives who duped his clients
he says they flew her all over Southeast
Asia to perform multiple pranks offering
her more money / prank than she ever
made in a day so they've conditioned her
that so
do this prank and believe that it was
completely legitimate as poverty V show
in fact before the thirteen she in fact
cut her hair put makeup on the early
morning of 13 in February 2007 because
she wanted a beautiful the Indonesian
embassy hired attorney agree soon thing
to defend the other woman City who
claims she was tricked in the same way
why didn't the prosecution of pushing to
charge these two women no I suppose a
murder had taken place and eager to
close the matter and put the whole
subject a dress and by simply charging
the girl and see what happened the
defense has been compromised qui Blaine
simulation authorities for releasing the
North Korean suspects who could have
validated the women stories what the
Malaysian government ought to have done
is to impress upon the good the North
Korean government their responsibility
to allow this for people to come to
Malaysia to testify most likelihood of
that happening I think is zero as for
who's really responsible Singh points to
Kim's suspicious behavior that day if
you really look at the personality
involved the person who died he was
carrying a lot of cash he was having a
thumb drive and he met some
personalities in langkawi so all types
of what personalities we believe to be
from America
they just won't say so if you were to
get involved in that kind of clandestine
meetings with these type of people then
you're living a life that is very
dangerous what's the best outcome for
you at the end of all of this frankly as
far as I'm concerned I only hope that
the two ladies succeed in their case
yeah we did but if they're convicted
then that just the hope travel process
all about
you
you
