I just got a new t-shirt in the mail hey
I'm here to pick up a package okay Wow
it's like it was made just for me what
an honor well it turns out it was made
just for me or more accurately it was
made just for the tiny swath of people
with the same to aggregate of all
Facebook data points as me
Facebook's not just changing the course
of American presidential history it's
also being used by t-shirt companies to
make very customized very targeted and
very corny t-shirts son Frank calm is
one of the handful of companies that
print these shirts to order for
third-party sellers in our peak season
we were getting three to four hundred
thousand uploads a day the power sellers
are almost completely automated they use
scripts and teams to generate these
different designs and then repeat them
across however many names over many
years to throw a really wide net let's
say you're a mom in Texas who was born
in August and has a dog an advertiser
could set up an ad for a shirt that is
tailored for those moms and paid
facebook to make sure it's only shown to
those moms so they would start with
several different campaigns one being
for dog one thing for cattle and being
for burger one being for horse whatever
and as they see those campaigns start to
perform or outperform the others then
they dissect into okay so if the dogs
are doing really well let's actually
break that down and list out you know
Dobermans pit bulls labs retrievers and
then they do designs based on those and
as they get more specific the
conversions get higher by the time
you're that specific about it you only
have to advertise very little to get
those sales
at first people may have sincerely
enjoyed having a shirt that expresses
what they share on Facebook but now the
Internet has taken notice there's an
entire subreddit dedicated to making fun
of the most cringe-worthy examples and
of course redditors have begun taking
the idea to its logical extreme by
trying to out ugly data shirt the ugly
data shirt makers Facebook talks a lot
about how it enables small businesses
and they're right this is just another
way the company has enabled other people
to make money off your data
you
