on Friday the Supreme Court ruled that
cops need a search warrant before
getting data from your cellphone that
shows where you were and when it's a
major privacy decision and sets one of
the strongest legal limits yet on how
the government can access your data but
the Justice is also stressed that their
ruling was narrow and only applies to
the type of data in question
historical cell phone location
information not real-time cell records
or national security surveillance for
example the ACLU argued this case on
behalf of Timothy Carpenter who was
arrested for a series of robberies
around Detroit largely because data from
his cell phone put him near the crimes
records of where you use your phone can
construct a detailed portrait of your
life where you eat work study or pray
and even if you're having an affair but
the FBI didn't get a warrant for
carpenters location data because back in
2011 it didn't need to until Friday
those records weren't federally
protected by the Fourth Amendment which
guards against warrantless search and
seizure because users choose to give
those records to a third party their
cell service provider this Fourth
Amendment caveat is known as the third
party doctrine an arguments in carpenter
versus u.s. centered around whether it
holds up in the 21st century when
disclosing your personal data to
third-party companies is basically
unavoidable so tech firms have something
at stake in this case too and some of
them including Facebook filed a joint
brief with the court the company said
they weren't picking a side but did
argue that the government should have a
more nuanced view of what kind of
information it can scoop up without a
warrant
Friday's decision basically agreed with
that saying there's a world of
difference between digital location data
and the types of data the doctrine
originally applied to like bank records
and telephone numbers even though
Friday's ruling focused only on certain
types of location data that
clarification of how the third party
doctrine should be applied to modern
technology sets a big precedent for what
types of information the Fourth
Amendment protects
and as more facets of daily life are
automated and recorded by corporations
that could have implications for things
that go beyond the places where you've
been using your phone
you
