a little after noon today surrounded by
white guys
president Trump backtracked finally on
the family separation scandal its
engulfed this administration most people
in DC see this policy as a disaster that
needs to be reversed full stop Trump on
the other hand it seems to be torn about
it the dilemma is that if you're weak if
you're weak which some people would like
you to be if you're really really
pathetic ly weak the country's gonna be
overrun with millions of people and if
you're strong then you don't have any
heart that's a tough dilemma
perhaps I'd rather be strong but that's
a tough dilemma here's how that zero
tolerance policy actually works say a
mother and son crossed into the u.s. and
properly outside of a so-called port of
entry they're swiftly intercepted by a
Customs and Border Protection Officer
who takes him to a detention center run
by Immigration and Customs Enforcement
their mother and son are processed
because the mother's committed a crime
by crossing the border she's arrested
within 48 hours she's taken from the ice
detention center into the custody of the
US Marshals for a hearing in Criminal
Court because US law says a child can't
be held in jail her son can't go with
her this is why families are being
separated
Trump's order doesn't change the basics
of this the mother is still going to be
prosecuted and most likely temporarily
removed from her child before today ice
was required to transfer the child left
behind' into the custody of the Office
of refugee resettlement within 72 hours
that meant mother and son usually ended
up in two totally different places under
the supervision of two different
agencies making it hard for them to even
find each other let alone be reunited
but now her child will remain in the ice
detention facility waiting for her to
return which is typically been happening
within a day or two possibly sooner
under the new order so the hypothetical
mom and son will be reunited even if
it's in detention the order also allows
a Defense Department to make military
facilities available to DHS for use in
housing families and instructs the
Attorney General to ask a federal judge
to change or suspend the Florez
agreement the court order that forbids
keeping kids in detention for extended
periods of time what isn't clear it
happens to a kid in detention after 20
days the government is mandated to
release a child after 20 days without a
parent
using the executive powers to make such
an important policy so hastily is
generally a recipe for court challenges
and acute for Congress to step in and
pass something more durable Congress is
already trying to do that and members
from both parties say they want to work
together if they can figure out how to
make this point Republican Congressman
Tom Reed and Democratic Congressman John
Garamendi reached out to Vice news and
sat down with us for a joint interview
just before Trump announced executive
order well we know that there's a
problem amen we got a problem and we
have to find a solution to it and there
are certain elements to that problem
that I think we all understand we've got
the doc issue we've got a border
security issue and I think there's a
natural framework of consensus between
Republicans and Democrats when it comes
to recognizing we want to both on both
sides I support the American Dream the
land of opportunity and at the same time
keep us safe the compromise bill that's
proposed people
this week what does it do when it comes
to family separation and dealing with
families that cross the border it
recognizes that situation and rather
than have Department of Justice take the
role in putting folks and separating
them and keeping the adults in an adult
prison type setting it says what we're
gonna do is this is a unique area we'll
have a Department of Homeland Security
how's these folks in a detention
facility not a jail so it's not like it
is they're gonna be released but they're
at least going to be kept together as
they go through the process and get
adjudicated I would like to just make a
clarification this is a compromise
between the Republicans Democrats have
not been involved in this and there are
and therefore this piece of legislation
has a lot of concerns on the Democratic
side not so much what Tom just described
as this process for people that are
entering the United States with children
there's a way we have to get into the
details and and you've got to provide
all the support and the money for it but
there's also some very serious concerns
that we think are legitimate about the
Republican compromise amongst themselves
unfortunately that has not involved
Democrats at this point and probably
won't I don't know the bills up tomorrow
and I don't know is it gonna pass well
it's a very dynamic situation and so
sense you guys agree that something
should be done but you don't really
agree on what exactly should be done
that correct on that there's a lot of
politics being played right now okay
okay and they're trying to under
exploited is they can expect in the next
couple of weeks
anything from a crystal ball perspective
and yeah and not being able to predict
the future but just say says I do
believe what yeah I think the house will
move a product it will move a product
out of the house to deal with the
present situation deal with the dreamers
and deal with a border security
component of it to secure the border
that will go the Senate in the Senate I
don't think can just turn its back on it
it's gonna have to deal with this issue
president says that Democrats want open
borders is that true no you think that's
true I don't believe that's true
Democrats think that Republicans want to
do is take
dreamer kids threatened them with
deportation in order to get a wall built
is that true that's not true
do you think that's true legislation
speaks for itself it's in the
legislation and finally what has it been
like the past few weeks in Congress
during all of this it feels from the
outside like it's been pretty ridiculous
I don't think it's ridiculous I think
this is the process you have 435 people
come from every conceivable part of
America with very different views about
how they perceive a problem in this case
immigration and we've got to work it out
it's the history of the Congress of the
United States which is best described as
chaos that occasionally solves a problem
it starts with - we can do it we can get
as we can
politicians in Washington may be working
to change policy but news about that
debate isn't getting across the border
to migrants who see reaching the u.s. as
a matter of life and death or to the
activists working to help them
have you all heard here about president
Trump's executive order the promise is
not to separate families relacionado
esta situación de mi grantees yeah say
adult OHS Nino's familias see la verdad
des conozco esta esta esta nueva no tano
de del C or TRO entonces usted del Moral
toda la notice relation Oddo separation
de familias a esta plasmid oh I lost I
love a nuestros nuestras hermanos new
grantees pero esta esta nice Pasillas
concern do you think the separation of
families was discouraging people from
Central America from trying to cross the
border no no no Camby initiative
aggression lo vemos ad Ariake porque yo
Rita puede ver Cinco made on taste
Ararat open Searcy enemas Sen ellos
mismos que trying so sueño ramadasu en
su mente a low Kirin intent are in
control opposite have you already heard
about president Trump's executive order
signed today concerning separating
families okay say que a la persona que
losing Caminos proven a separate do you
think Central American families Mexican
families coming to the border were
deterred by the idea of family
separation efficiency para los padres de
los ninos pero de más peligro que corre
in Central America
keep only un tiempo No Mas but no vas a
ver a los ninos
well automotive untar con ellos yeah
yeah coral reefs go they kept buying
Matar a t ab c-- hos donde yo vengo en
el sur de mexico Horita una pelea se
tiene
and three buddies women is the cartilage
use as in a
do you think the executive order today
that stops family separation is going to
encourage more people to try and cross
the border with their families we all
know Lomita lamented the Saguna poza yes
in otra vez a given as he done more
interment rather lost a son diesel ok na
Vida is a lament a la vie des difficile
do you think I mean asados todo es
peligroso - no - Dez de trabajo varsity
no Familia and we're no Matta Yuda it's
never laugh ok no no to stay in America
video no no vivo con gran discloses pair
of you know como attendant raucous
table' respond to Familia puedes ayudar
a su familia Quinto spice cosas que aqui
hey hey como se puede metal metal
housing migrant children is big business
for the most well-known of the shelter
nonprofits Southwest Key it's good
business to the tune of about half a
billion dollars just this year right now
the Federal Office of refugee
resettlement or Orr has been funding
shelters across the country they have
about 11,000 children in them half of
those kids are in southwest key shelters
it was a much different story just a
year ago things were stagnant in May of
2017 Southwest Key had to let go of over
900 people in one day they released a
statement explaining that the massive
reductions in staff had to happen
because fewer people were coming across
the border and meeting shelter sources
explained to vice news that President
Trump selection coupled with his
anti-immigrant rhetoric created somewhat
of a fearful standstill in Latin
American countries the meant that fewer
children were coming across the border
and needing shelter things changed in
the past year according to current and
former Southwest key employees as well
as memos obtained by vice news the
administration's zero-tolerance policy
flooded shelters with children who
wouldn't have otherwise been there
children who are separated from their
parents at the border the President
signed an executive order today that
should put an end to that flood but
thousands of children are still in the
shelter's waiting to be reunified with
their parents over the past several
years
Southwest Key has been able to expand in
2016 the federal government awarded them
over 200 million dollars this year just
under five hundred million dollars the
CEO Huang's Sanchez had a salary in 2016
of seven hundred and seventy thousand
dollars just last year a salary of 1.5
million dollars as your programs grow
the federal government gives you more
money to support them vice news spoke
with current and former Southwest key
employees who said that the rush to
create new facilities and accommodate
migrant children has created a cost that
the kids inside the shelters are paying
when a joe tolerance policy hit
I noticed the severe change in both
organizational environments the mood of
the kids and just the general feeling
really shifted from
a more calm place albeit hectic and
hostile before the zero tolerance policy
to a much more troubling place after it
broken already broken very broken system
pero de pronto cuando mi gusta legacy
para la familia y la población am
speaking of a rat lady Jose Tanya an
opinion tell mo le Wally Machado yo onto
it just in cuenta me not compromise I
mean II of the ADA Southwest ki
responded to these allegations saying
that it strives to make it shelters
quote comfortable and child-friendly and
that the CEOs salary is actually below
what CEOs and other similarly sized
nonprofits make in the meantime
Southwest key is positioned to stay
successful in the shelter space they've
hired up a ton of the former employees
of their former competitor they're
advertising a ton of new positions
online and they've just got a new lease
for a space in Houston Texas
all of the focus on family separations
at the border hasn't stopped federal
agents from separating undocumented
families inside the United States
just yesterday Immigration and Customs
Enforcement arrested 146 people at a
plant in Ohio I says it's the largest
raid on a single workplace in 10 years
and it's already the second in the state
this month last year ice deported more
than 80,000 people who are already
building a life in America a lot of
those deportations split families apart
and they've left the children of
undocumented parents fearing for the
worst every day Nora San Diego runs a
foundation which serves young American
citizens born to undocumented parents
who are at risk of arrest and
deportation
she regularly picks up groceries and
other essentials for the family she's
helping let's see what this good price
okay all right
15 more 15 of these here's a 1 2
potatoes 50 50 bags of potatoes in 1981
when she was just 16 San Diego fled the
Nicaraguan Civil War
she later applied for political asylum
in the United States eventually her
siblings and her mother were able to
join her but she never saw her father
again is what is todo lo que iho for me
they had maybe meeting at the paiace if
I remember to me that is para salir
adelante she established the foundation
two years after arriving in America
explain to me why you feel compelled to
do this porque los ninos no tienen que
empro various porque in mucho de los
lugares mama or papaya for the portal
mm-hmm he entosis
iechyd NCSE he of necesitan king they CA
la jolla members Nora doesn't just bring
families food and supplies she now holds
a power of attorney for more than 1,200
children a contingency plan for parents
in the event that they are deported by
ice andrea is one of those parents
Krishna and they're nice to meet you
originally from Guatemala
aundrea is a mom to five children three
of them are US citizens a year ago her
husband was deported and now with the
increase in immigration arrests her
american-born children are living in
fear of losing their mother - Ramos que
nora NOS ayuda
Kumasi Paseo Chris Thomas what changes
have you seen in your kids since your
husband was reported missing was okay
Papa you Safeway trabajar y'know regreso
tomorrow is a it's a lot easier the
older chain in which air possible got on
me Marie okay Andre has been here for 17
years she now works in a plant nursery
outside Miami she and her children live
in a two-bedroom house with four other
relatives this de por que todo la
familia assistance a para no mucho
familia que estan cuidando
he las Mama's apenas podemos promised
receives toda la gente la gente no
vienen de Robar la gente vienen trabajar
gente getting that Asturias you see hoes
are you afraid that you might get
deported and then your children will be
left without parents say Claro que tengo
miedo porque no candles walk without me
save us the children are prepared to get
in touch with Nora in the event that
their mother is taken in by ice
from a clinical point of view like as a
social worker what's happening to kids
who are fearing that their parents are
going to be deported we have what are
called adverse childhood experiences
which is the idea that you know we have
one stress but then there's a second
stress and a third stress and they mouth
every day these children worry about
what will happen to my mommy to my daddy
will they come home tonight will there
be a knock at the door at night and they
dread that moment when perhaps they
encounter the Immigration and Customs
Enforcement or ice like real-life
boogeyman in a sense right that's like a
nightmare come true it is their living
that nightmare and what we have found is
that adverse childhood experiences can
lead to chronic illnesses diabetes
asthma Crohn's disease other
gastrointestinal that will affect the
person in the long run right into
adulthood so this is sort of like a
political phenomenon that's having like
biological impact upon children it's
having a physiological impact on
American children that will not
necessarily go away what do you miss
most about your dad
whose jokes what did you guys do
together
tell me about play around the job
Tom holiday way what does it feel like
when your mom like leaves the house and
goes to work kind of feel wearing them I
deported are you able to like
concentrate on schoolwork is there any
kind of like counselor is there anything
at school
well there are have you talked to them
no too shy to talk about is it hard to
talk about this time
you
