in Los Angeles today thousands of voters
are coming out for what seems to be a
minor bureaucratic ballot initiative but
the vote has turned into a turf war as
immigrant groups in the city fight to be
represented victory so there's a huge
problem going on in k-town right now
tell us what it is okay essentially what
it is is that one guy who knew the
system really well he was on the
Neighborhood Council he put in a
petition to change Koreatown into little
Bangladesh Bangladesh basically the top
half of k-town is gonna turn into
Bangladesh town unless you go vote June
19th okay we're counting on you
hashtag keep Koreatown Koreatown
politically dormant community in Los
Angeles has woken up to understand
what's happening here you need to know a
little bit about local politics in LA
the city is divided into 99 neighborhood
councils in this area the neighborhood
council is called Wilshire Center
Koreatown even though the neighborhood
includes not only Korean immigrants but
also Latinos and Bangladeshis last month
members of the Bangladeshi community
filed a petition to subdivide
koreatown's councils in to the new
council would serve over half of what
now is overseen by the Koreatown council
but then they revealed the name Wilshire
Center little Bangladesh neighborhood
council
now this didn't mean half of Koreatown
would suddenly become little Bangladesh
Koreatown would just get a second
neighborhood council to deal with issues
like trash pickup and neighborhood
festivals a new council means a $42,000
budget more services and representation
but many Korean Americans still saw it
as a threat
I think it's discriminating against all
the diversity in Koreatown to have that
large district territories for Van Gogh
vision and I have problem with that
thank you thank you
we're on the corner of 6th and Western
pretty much the heart of Koreatown here
was this area what happened it seemed
like warm pretty much right good portion
of this was pretty much on fire mobs
looting it was just mad pandemonium pure
chaos he grew up in the neighborhood saw
it destroyed during the LA riots and
then helped with a 25 year rebuilding
effort after large parts of Koreatown
were burned to the ground our parents
came here and they were like Koreans who
lived in America today we are Americans
that happened to be Korean that's a big
difference in how we approach the
problems that face us an estimated
20,000 Bangladeshi immigrants have lived
inside Koreatown for three decades this
is a pond but our it's one of the
Bangladeshi stores here so this is a
mixed apartment and then this is usually
where you can find all our drinks and
groceries these are some of the things
that brings back the flavor because if
you ever visit Bangladesh the stores
this is exactly how they have them set
up yeah so these are actually fried
lentils they're very tasty
jaren Islam and her husband filed a
petition to establish the Wilshire
Center little Bangladesh Neighborhood
Council growing up in this neighborhood
there are a lot of Bangladeshis within
Koreatown did you feel almost like an
invisible population yeah for sometimes
yeah definitely people didn't know who
we are even though we contributed was
and it wasn't the Bangladeshi community
was maybe Indian Americans or somebody
else like oh just someone that looked
different than us you know that's how it
was why do the neighborhood council
called little Bangladesh matter
we are openly visually a minority and we
do face a lot of description and a lot
of racism and it does bring a stop
things like no these are communities
that need to be respected and you know
we value hard work and determination
my parents came in 66 and so your apple
juice yeah so they're like one of the
first people here yep so they came in 66
so you've seen the entire evolution of
Koreatown man huh yeah it wasn't even
Koreatown back then it was really K
block your upbringing pretty similar
then I mean your parents came here at 79
so I came in 79 when I said I was born
in 80 my mom worked at a hat factory
putting these on heads this is all she
did I think that was the first job that
she had
why does this matter like it seems from
afar that you're talking about a very
small thing in local politics Koreatown
is still gonna be Koreatown you know the
signs will still say Koreatown nobody
who is on third and Vermont is going to
think that this is little Bangladesh I
think they made the main thing is a
representation because labor council
does affect you know City Planning and
what goes on and what go and what
doesn't get approved there what gets
approved within you know our borders I
mean we wouldn't go into your town that
you've been building and you know doing
all these things for decades and then
try to change it into a little crazy but
the bhagadatta community has been there
for 30 years I mean it's not like they
came into your town they live there
right but if they and if you know just
to push it a bit
the issue is representation you know
that's their argument like we have no
representation at all that's why we need
to do this no I'm not saying that
they're moving in but I mean it's about
who the majority is you know I mean I
think the neighbors council should
represent the majority of the people
that live there one of things that's
troubled me about following this as I
while I'm sympathetic to that need for a
Koreatown it seems like some of your
arguments can border on order on
xenophobic almost are you sensitive to
that at all absolutely we want to be
very sympathetic and understanding to
that sentiment again we are very in
favor of the Bangladesh community
getting their fair representation
understanding their place and doing
whatever we can again we've supported
their cause and movement
have you guys started a race war I'm
serious percent well again let's be very
clear we didn't start this right we
didn't initiate this we didn't petition
to the split of the neighborhood council
I mean in in essence I mean I guess you
can race Wars kind of a strong word I
mean you know we're not we're not we're
not like you know but I mean but I mean
it's it's the Benglis community versus
Koreans I mean if that's what you want
to call it that's what you're gonna call
it
you
