here's where things stand this week the
house is voting on two GOP attempts at
immigration reform that were in progress
before this crisis erupted I want to
take a moment to address something
you've been reading a lot about the
illegal immigration crisis on our
southern borders they come up through
Mexico Mexico does nothing for us try
staying in Mexico for a couple of days
see how long that lasts
okay we have no wall we have no border
security without a border you don't have
a country they're not sending their
finest is that sound familiar so what
I'm asking Congress to do is to give us
a third option which we have been
requesting since last year the legal
authority to detain and promptly remove
families together as a unit
those meandering remarks from President
Trump this morning all roughly translate
to this Congress please fix my mess and
most members of Congress would very much
like to because the politics of family
separation are so bad but they can't
seem to agree on a strategy president
Trump came at the hill this afternoon to
meet with GOP members but it's not clear
that they made any progress here's where
things stand this week the house is
voting on two GOP attempts at
immigration reform that were in progress
before this crisis erupted they include
all kinds of sweeteners to get president
Tripp to sign them including border
wealth funding and restrictions on
asylum seekers and legal immigration but
only one of them includes a solution to
the family separation crisis and that's
a moot point anyway because every
Democrat will oppose them liberal
congressman Jerry Nadler introduced a
standalone bill to end the separations
but it's unlikely that Republicans will
get on board especially after he
hijacked an Oversight Committee hearing
today in protest we should not put
children in cages the minute this
hearing adjourns sooner if we can as
generated order these can work together
at the other end of the spectrum in the
house our guys like Steve King
the hardest of the hardliners who
doesn't think there's a problem with the
policy at all well I think this problem
much of it is gender by the news media
and as I said I went there I looked at
these children I talked to these
children I saw that they were being
cared for the media hype on this is
blows it and completely out of
proportion so the media hype is part of
the problem
sure Senate Republicans appear to want
to pass their own solution and Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell promised today
that they would get their president says
we need to act hmm
the Democrats say we need to act and we
say we need to act so when that happens
we act Republican senators John Cornyn
and Ted Cruz and Democratic Senator
Dianne Feinstein have all introduced
bills addressing the issue but none have
bipartisan support and all offer
different solutions we need to solve
this process nobody wants to see
children removed from their parents kids
belong with their moms are bad this
isn't the first time that the president
has rolled a grenade into the
immigration system and then demanded
that other people fix it
remember back in September he ended the
daca program unilaterally and then he
tried to blame the Democrats for it that
problem still hasn't been solved and now
the administration's done it again
by deciding to criminally prosecute all
border crossers splitting up families in
the process and like with daca no matter
what Congress tries to do to fix this
the solution ultimately depends on what
President Trump will accept and that
seems to change by the hour
you
