tonight but kind of suggests that we
don't know what to do to fix this
problem Here I am getting Ryder tips
from a 68 year old the Department of
Justice released its long-awaited report
on how the FBI handled the probe into
Hillary Clinton's use of email and
ironically the Inspector General found
that the FBI director himself used a
gmail account for official business the
report also says James Comey broke
protocol when he held his infamous news
conference but that bias didn't affect
the investigation itself
two days after most of the world watched
Kim jong-un and president Trump meet
North Koreans finally got to see the
coverage a heavily edited account from
North Korean state media describing a
meeting between two supreme leaders for
the first time since the Trump
administration announced zero tolerance
immigration policy journalists toured
the largest detention centre for
immigrant children in the u.s. nearly
1500 kids live in the converted Walmart
known as Casa Padre that's three times
the number that lived there in April
before the policy went into effect jeff
sessions defended the policy today stop
crossing the border illegally with
children apply to enter lawfully wait
your turn
suicide rates in the US have climbed for
the past two decades rising by 50
percent for women and 21 percent for men
according to a new CDC report New York's
Attorney General's Office is suing the
Trump Foundation President Trump and his
three oldest children the suit includes
accusations that the family charity
coordinated with the Trump campaign and
operated to benefit Trump's businesses
the state wants 2.8 million dollars in
restitution the foundation to be
dissolved and Trump to be prohibited
from holding an executive position with
any New York nonprofit for 10 years
you
this weekend next to the house is voting
on more than 50 bills dealing with the
opioid crisis that's wild for this
Congress Paul Ryan rarely lets any bills
come to the floor for a vote let alone
dozens on one topic the idea behind that
obstruction is to protect your members
from having to take tough votes but
these are easy votes everybody wants to
be able to go home and tell their
constituents they did something about
the crisis that's taking more than 100
people a day according to the CDC and
with 50-plus votes you can say you did a
lot the thing is most of these bills
don't do much and many of those that do
aren't funded take HR 5 to 9 for the
treating barriers to prosperity Act this
bill would allow a government agency
focused on the Appalachian region one of
the hardest hit by the epidemic to offer
grants to drug abuse treatment and
prevention programs but it doesn't
increase the money the agency has to
spend and then there are bills like HR 4
to 8 for the indexing narcotics fentanyl
and opioids or info act this one
requires HHS to create an electronic
dashboard aka a website linking to all
of the efforts to combat the opioid
crisis so kind of like a one-stop shop
PR site for the government and what's a
bureaucratic solution to a major health
crisis without reams and reams of
studies so a lot of these bills just
call for research from various
departments and agencies on the issue
like HR 58.92 which creates a commission
to advise the Secretary of Labor on how
to address the impact of opioid abuse on
the workplace because obviously a
commission is needed for that but the
White House already commissioned a broad
study on the impact of the crisis and
ways to fix it the 138 page report came
out last November the next month
president Trump announced Kellyanne
Conway would be leading his task force
to deal with the epidemic and since then
not much has happened we reached out to
all 60 sponsors of the bills that have
already come up for a vote
the house to see if they had been in
touch with the White House most offices
we reached told us Conway hadn't reached
out to that but when I asked the White
House today
they said Conway recently met with some
of the members that have co-sponsored
bills getting a vote this week all of
this raises the question if America is
going to war on opioids who's supposed
to be the general experts in the
addiction community are wondering to
what is frustrating is the fact that
we're losing so many people every day to
this disease it feels like we're taking
baby steps and when 64,000 Americans are
dying every year we should be taking
giant leaps many of the bills establish
a committee or require a report you know
it kind of suggests that we don't know
what to do to fix this problem and
that's not the case we do know how to
fix it we have a Surgeon General's
report we have recommendations from the
president of doing commission we have
organizations like ours and others who
have put out comprehensive
recommendations for years one of these
those are bad you don't like give us
concern they don't represent a huge
shift back to a punitive approach there
just seems to be a lack of willingness
to act the chief of the World Health
Organization says an Ebola outbreak in
the Democratic Republic of the Congo is
stabilizing but also warned that a
single case could change that 66 people
have fallen ill since May 8th when the
country first declared an outbreak and
so far 28 of them have died the DRC has
faced nine outbreaks of Ebola in the
past 40 years but those were mostly
confined to the countryside Banda kha is
an international shipping hub that's
home to 1.2 million people here's how
health workers are containing the
disease Ebola outbreaks begin when a
human mix contact with the bodily fluids
of an infected wild animal and bushmeat
from the countryside comes into Banda
Kaas Central Market every day
with the Turkish army but no pets after
Sony policy and middle of a messy pubs
were naked Ebola merchants feel targeted
they worried that changes could affect
their livelihood experts trying to stop
the disease from spreading are focusing
on how corpses get handled oh he's have
something more take evasive action yeah
that's gonna put the crew at Sony CMMI
year there is no fatigue no who want me
to say it oh call that a person etcetera
I don't want any on passage on system
when I fell it's not that one second
it's only the VDC keep he vomit compress
the the contamination because it's a
time maybe Philippe okay
comment on Felicity of hemolysis a
mentor who wanna be technological
capacity Marie Claire terrace way low is
part of a team that's teaching
prevention techniques to the public the
campaign has reached more than twelve
thousand people including these moto
taxi drivers
voila no sabe que de cette ville de
mangaka they said when the transformer
c'est la moto level Oh c'est la
significant a motorcyclist el taxi
fellow consider who knew that their son
and group are all risk shield transport
am allowed consumers Ebola Google candy
fellowship mention and my luck
hello it is a contaminate the World
Health Organization is administering a
so-called investigational vaccine as a
preventive measure it's not officially
licensed but it did help control a major
a bola outbreak in West Africa in 2016
but doses are limited and health
professionals want them to get to the
right people the population because
Singapore imperious little but always in
the contact is a contact to prove are
they but see me awakened as well in fact
II don't suppose contain the doc can do
not receive continuous customer North
and South Korea held military talks in
the border village of Panmunjom today as
part of the thaw in relations initiated
by South Korean president moon jae-in
the two sides agreed to revive
communication lines across the border
Panmunjeom lies along the Demilitarized
Zone or DMZ and inside of it is a
neutral site called the joint security
area where a UN force of American and
South Korean troops have kept watch on
their North Korean counterparts since
1953 but it's been a fragile peace and
in August of 1976 aid nearly fell apart
the daily relationship between North
Korea and UN forces was one of rivalry
antagonism there was continuous friction
along the DMZ between North Korea and UN
forces I actually joined the Army when I
was 17 my first duty assignment was
Korea our job was to intimidate the
North Koreans the US servicemen hopped
on the DMZ they were ordered to remove a
tree that was blocking the line of sight
in the joint security area so in order
to just keep an eye on North Korea they
needed to see across where a tree had
grown the UN side communicated to North
Korean counterparts that they were going
to conduct this tree trimming thing and
the North Korean who didn't have any
kind of response then when the actual
tree trimming procedure started North
Korean on-duty said hey what are you
doing
the North Koreans warned them two or
three more times and the UN US troops
sort of blew them off and at that point
the North Korea and give a kill order
and a series of North Koreans came out
with axes in that melee to u.s. troops
died in a very bloody way the Pentagon
has identified the two u.s. army
officers killed at Penland job as 33
year old Captain Arthur Boniface of
Newburgh New York and 25 year-old first
lieutenant mark Barret of Columbia South
Carolina
lieutenant Barrett had only been in
country a week or two
captain Boniface was posthumously
promoted to major he'd been the company
commander the entire time I was there
and he only had less than a week left
and country he was actually supposed to
leave and come back home to his wife and
kids after they killed captain Boniface
and lieutenant maryk almost every single
person in our unit wanted retaliation
with blood our chain of command knew
that and told everybody to stay calm the
plans were in the works they
the killing of the two American officers
one nak murder
Kissinger immediately ordered that
retaliation had to happen he convened
this Washington special actions group
that group proposed a package of
activities that involved also bombing
one of the barracks of the soldiers on
the North Korean side but Ford said the
quote to gamble with overkill might
brought in very quickly into a full
military conflict and so that was Ford's
thinking in telling Kissinger look go
ahead with all this stuff you want to do
but don't bomb the barracks we should as
you propose cut down this tree all the
way that's what operation paul bunyan
became as part of the u.s. reaction the
carrier Midway with some 40 planes on
board will sail from Yokosuka Japan to
Korean waters in a show of force
it wasn't controlled the day before
operation Paul Bunyon when we first
heard that we were gonna chop the tree
down our platoon was tasked with
securing the bridge of no return so no
North Korean reinforcements to come in
after we'd been there a couple of
minutes we saw three or four North
Korean guard trucks come roaring down
and all the North Koreans instantly
started getting out of their vehicles
and they started setting up two men
machine guns ish ins on their side
finally the three main branches of the
tree came down and with each one we all
started cheering because none of us
bigger things would be peaceful we
dodged a bullet in 76 it had we done
what Kissinger wanted who would had a
second Korean War right then the United
States did scare North Korea and
therefore North Korea wasn't deterred I
hope the lesson that's learned is if our
only measures for success is the fear
that we inducing the other guy then
eventually there will be a war we're not
going to be lucky forever
it's president Trump's birthday today
and so far all he's gotten is a
shout-out from Don jr. on Fox News happy
birthday dad I love you very much you're
getting absolutely no presents because I
figured five grandchildren is enough and
a surprise cake from the prime minister
of Singapore it was a pretty tame
celebration compared to the lavish
birthday parties Trump threw in New York
in Atlantic City in the 80s and 90s you
folks are really fantastic and as far as
surprises that concern over the years
I've surprised a lot of people the
biggest surprise is yet to come those
parties featured pop stars scantily clad
dancers the mayor of New York assorted
heirs apparent and massive cakes adorned
with miniature Trump towers and the
birthday boy himself dressed up as
Superman Marla Trump's Donald's ex-wife
tried to plan a low-key surprise party
for her husband's 50th
but he wanted a big blowout instead he
never changed she told the New York
Times which means even though there's
nothing on the White House schedule
today there will certainly be a party
for the commander-in-chief even if it's
nowhere as fun as the good old days
let's go I'm ready yep
it's Miami prize and today the city's
queer community is honoring its most
mature couples with their own float in
the parade for the third year in a row
72 year old Hector Suazo and his husband
Bob are among the honorees when you come
out of the closet with 46 I mean my
husband and I were both late bloomers
because we went through so much nonsense
do you have a lot of young LGBTQ people
that you can kind of interact with I
used to have a lot more because there
used to be a teacher not anymore because
I've been retired for 12 years now you
know I kind of lost contact with him
which is why this year
Hector is trying something new he's
going to an LGBT mentorship pairing
event aimed at connecting older and
younger queer people who otherwise
wouldn't meet what are you looking for
in a mention that b31 so most of my
friends are the same age as me so we'd
be really free to talk to someone my
friend over there honey
when I was 21 years old the first time I
went to a Pride Parade
I was completely struck when I saw all
these old queer people because it was
the first time in my life that I had any
image of all of what it could be like to
be queer when I was 50 60 70 80 90 five
as the CEO for the nonprofit sage
America is the largest organization
dedicated to queer elders Michael Adams
thinks that intergenerational
connections are vital for the community
this is a community that isn't built
around traditional family structures and
generations and then we have the fact
that we we live through and fought
through and died through the AIDS
epidemic we lost a whole generation of
people and this is an experiment on how
we bring them all back together
I think that there needs to be more
intergenerational dialogue I would you
feel any more well I think that the
community feel because I feel like yous
need to know what it was like coming out
in an era where you can be put in jail
so we can be in family and they can be
family tell us is there something
specific about the LGBTQ community that
makes it harder to connect it between
generations if you don't have a family
member that's out then it's very hard to
connect so you need events like this so
help make that connection given the
speed mentoring there's gonna be three
rounds we want you to come out of this
with at least three potential matches
you ready yeah I was born here growing
up for me wasn't easy and I know that I
could learn
because the way you was not the way I
grew up but I made it so I was curious
were you were you gay or were you go
when you were in Cuba I was gay since I
was seven years old
okay so unfortunately my father was a
homo but he wasn't because he's dead man
he was a homophobic so a couple of times
I think caught me play with my next-door
neighbor he beat the hell out of me
I would scare the living crap out of me
so it I regressed into the closet very
intensely yeah until I was 46 so I get
married there obviously that didn't work
out with a female and this is like a
bottle of champagne you're gonna you
know now that you got the coke out of
the way you're gonna explode you didn't
have you know that experience or my
experience was different
my parents are actually very accepting
very lucky yeah loneliness and isolation
are huge problems for senior citizens
but those problems are even more
pronounced for America's 1.5 million
LGBT elders who are twice as likely to
live alone and four times less likely to
have kids so events like these aim to
bridge the generational gap I do my
podcast my friends
so it's actually online so it's on
iTunes itunes okay what do you think we
have interlined we have absolutely it
was easier then are you kidding a friend
of mine is 25 years old he put me and it
was a green turd right right right
you got a grinder he caught me grind and
scrub and what the funny thing is he
doesn't get he hits I've had my 30 hits
already a great idea because we need to
make young people realize what we went
through and open almost like a family
type of relationship you know like
father hands father and son but you know
totally accepting each other not with
any you know homophobic thing and I hope
that I can be
not burst excuse me I'm in a hurry when
the doctor and I but then do that for
whoever sorry
woman said I can't do it anymore
I'm gonna go without my meds and die it
was about the cost and if you were sure
that you could get it from China and
that it was pure would you break the law
to do that I would love you
we can appliance and chemical for that
feel surprise he's managed to do it it's
a really complicated situation and I
don't know what the answer is but I
think it's important that people
understand that the chemicals themselves
cost almost nothing
you
you
