China's one belt one Road initiative
could be the most ambitious
infrastructure plan in history
it's designed to reconnect places along
China's ancient Silk Road trade route
and way beyond there are currently nine
hundred billion dollars worth of
projects that are planned or underway
some European countries are already
feeling the impact since 2012
China has sprinkled an estimated 15
billion dollars in infrastructure
investments over Central and Eastern
Europe that means new roads railways and
ports for small countries that otherwise
couldn't afford them but for the Chinese
that money isn't always a gift it's
often alone and for places like
Montenegro it's a massive leap of faith
so the project of the century is what
they've called this highway the biggest
project in the history of the country
it's probably going to be one of the
most sophisticated challenging highways
in Europe because of the terrain blood
and gergich is a researcher who's been
following the construction of the
barbary or a highway since it started
three years ago his projected path will
connect the port city of bar with the
Serbian town of bull Yara a journey
which now takes over four hours on two
lane roads the highway could cut that
travel time in half
with over a hundred miles of roads
bridges and tunnels it's estimated cost
is 3.2 billion dollars according to
gergich more than half of Montenegro's
annual GDP the government desperate to
modernize after breaking away from
Serbia in 2006 have been promising its
people this highway for over a decade
when they went looking for backers to
finance it Western institutions weren't
interested and what were the main
reasons why they said look it's just not
feasible as far as we're concerned they
didn't see any financial or economic
reason behind it during a six hundred
thousand people it has a traffic volume
which is quite low it can increase but
not so much as to make this highway
sustainable what's a country without
this is actually the only country
without the highway in Europe and
without McDonald's as far as I know the
whole story was threatening to be just
another political promise and then
finally Chinese game and so what's done
that's the part of the section of the
highway that's being built by the
Chinese company the Chinese government
guaranteed alone to Montenegro worth
more than 1 billion dollars to finance
the construction of 125 miles stretch of
the road a condition of that line was
that a Chinese state contractor would do
70 percent of the work Osamu jungle so
mr. G why Sir jr. nearly double my dose
on with you and what is forego do you go
to don't go Charmander so we are going
to know what I don't want what do you
wanna walk mean yes sir
thank you Kang Chi Fei has been deputy
manager here for nearly two years to be
shown watch it all mucho chip I borrow
your thumb do you film our tile each
year enjoy warm Antigua stop with a
corner those are thoughts on goal either
convert or high rider channel so the
turn gonna highlight to you the quality
bar by Unilever Koyukuk or I go to
Nagoya Aichi Japan achieve our goals to
come on Michigan to know each other
children knows what to do
China sees projects like this is a
proving ground in Montenegro state back
companies can learn the quirks of local
labor and EU regulations before aiming
for more lucrative work in Germany
France and Belgium
I'm just interested to know how much you
feel that you're representing your
country whilst you're here to let me
happy to see you wallet around your home
all three times a holiday Michelle was a
tour and tour
it's all very harmonious except the
China isn't just giving Montenegro the
money the World Bank and the IMF believe
that the Chinese loan which Montenegro
will pay back the 2% interest between
2020 and 2040 following a five year
grace period is a threat to Montenegro's
long-term stability is highly is not to
Chinese unless easy what is it this is
the investment government of Montenegro
are taking notice it is the difference
that just LOF bellum is the Banton egan
government point person for cooperation
with China tell me about the thought
behind taking such an enormous life
Chinese but I already told you you have
to pay for something is it necessary to
explain why we were building your
highway in 21st century the World Bank
isn't made an assessment that as a
result of taking this loan public debt
to the share of GDP will rise above 80
percent we are still have enough air to
breathe
but we are aware that if we are going
further with the credit loans in the
state guarantees that can be problem but
up to now we are aware of the risk but
we are not in a dangerous position we
want to raise our export we want to
become a member of you you cannot do it
if you are not connected well-connected
the the world the risk of course is that
Montenegro won't be able to pay back the
loan in the terms of Montenegro still
stipulated in the event of default China
can even seized parts of Montenegro's
territory their companies will also pay
little to no tax while working there
former opposition MP yellow Sava calles
each is concerned the government is
digging itself into a hole the World
Bank seems to believe that is going to
plunge this country into some sorts of
great recession beloved even on a tie
out of Port Orchard a Ceredigion
Rugel it wretched Gordon economy
economic inaudible style Nicole Nalepa
retrieve a pottery barn out of I Pro act
normal I'm appalled most imminent the
Badal relic a chance Arizona EDA Beto
nodding in ROTC a moral perspective
solder solder Ober not hear it sir
Navarro will passed me see the vamp
rotator don't want an unfinished
motorway but the truth is you don't know
how you gonna pay for the next two
phases they do not know what will be the
model the groove of the economy which
will be growth thanks to do highway we
will earn enough money to pay for higher
the only way to avoid degree is risk we
do nothing you have to take a risk you
have to be creative innovative that is
what we are doing
you
