this is the biggest IDP camp in Bria or
at least 40,000 people living or
offensively their homes even these tiny
parts and there are an additional 20,000
people have had to flee their homes
outside of this camp this is happening
to almost the entire country
if even working on that oh so I'm naked
I don't wanna study and you wanna call a
key - I called missed you plus the town
is controlled by the young groups now as
long as that's the case do you think
there's any chance you will be able to
return home I first take Akira Peggy
Pico carry Kamini Archie Briscoe
Akrotiri Casio Carmina cool and you got
a baka
on canalla this cadiz Nassau a kunavaram
karate yaki Kadafi victory Sarasota
raison d'Ãªtre like Armando Chi and we
boca de semana para llamar de chollet
agility
was only flexible equipment to splitter
so this this entire area was just
anti-balaka and no civilians were in the
opposition to citizenship alakazoo so
for escapism none of these buildings
were destroyed after you'd clear out the
anti-balaka normally they are cuckoo you
are again de su Kwong DiPaola community
jealousy
a deposition in the days of plum
akira duty ability jealousy among keen
on duty
Aramark and negatives yellow pages are a
multi-tenant i canna avantage complain
now famiiy questioner who publicly could
happen you quit the general said there
is no peace the war is over
do you agree with him be it a nap I
don't want Raveena I said food to mama
said producing problem are quite double
sinks forcing the civilians who would
gather to listen didn't believe what
they were hearing and decided to speak
up my potatoes oh so poignant between a
bit buggy a backhoe I was younger on
business family I took another tough on
trafficking
you
