well the dad opinions starring John
Darnielle the dude from the mountain
coats
I said slavery choices the Highgate just
imagine it becoming on a wild day now
more 50 players getting 50 cars a wife
calmer scream and say we bout to lose it
all it's the new Kanye is it yeah
there's the thing about Kanye we
presently are in a time where people
cover people's personalities a lot or
opinions or whatever and that's fine I
guess but I don't care I only care about
somebody's music guys like me who were
around for the the first two waves of
rap are pretty weak for a good Kanye
hook I can't find much to hold on there
except that you know the singer sleeps
in the nude and so do I so we have
something in common there this is a
weird melange of influences there was
the very Rick Rubin sounding trimmed
electric guitar not know but then a
proper Houdini sort of vibe to the high
808 sound
nothing seems to have any function
beyond color palette I don't hear any
players that I don't hear a singer I
hear an effects chain I can't hold any
interest in that it's not for me
what is this this is really interesting
music to me a pretty dark vibe to the
hook there I'm generally more interested
in stuff that sort of asks a little more
of you whether it's the intensity of
Joni Mitchell's presentation a voice
that tends to cut through stuff or
whether it's Death Note so this felt to
me in that kind of ballpark unless you
become the kind of person who says that
music was better when you were in high
school you should avoid that mystically
speaking you won't you will someday say
how good things were when you were young
not me though
you
