when a white Starbucks manager in
Philadelphia called the cops on two
black men for sitting in the store
without buying anything
Starbucks found itself facing a massive
PR crisis the company responded by
announcing that today all 8,000 of its
company-owned locations would close
early for staff to attend racial bias
training Starbucks invited vice news to
a media event to hear a sanitized
readout from employees who participated
most Americans don't like talking about
race and they definitely don't like
talking about their own racism so it's
sort of hard to imagine the guy who
makes your venti nonfat caramel
macchiato suddenly becoming more woke
just because he sat through a four-hour
seminar dear Starbucks partners I'm
Stanley Nelson a documentary filmmaker
my films are about race America and the
decades-long struggle for all people to
be treated as equals in public spaces
this training might make people less
likely to call the cops on you but it's
sort of hard to know how your average
Starbucks employee feels about the whole
thing because Starbucks won't let us
talk to any baristas or anybody who'd
actually interact within a Starbucks
instead they invited a bunch of media
outlets to interview a hand-picked group
of district managers who all seemed
really excited about the whole training
thing it was a really great experience
is a really great interaction that I got
to have with some of my peers with any
moments in there that felt uncomfortable
at all I don't know that was the right
one to describe there were times that I
watched some things and I mean you don't
Wow
I don't experience life like that we'll
have to make sure that my hands are
visible when I walk into certain places
today make sure I don't not stealing
just leaving the house some days you
know is it since I'll just keep you at
home and just keep you away from
everything
that was like a little bit but for a lot
of people say black people this isn't so
much a punch in the gut as it is just a
reminder of what you go through every
single day and that doesn't seem like a
whole lot of fun to sit through and
that's the thing Starbucks says they
want to confront all forms of bias but
most of their training material is laser
focused on anti black racism which is it
bad in and of itself but it's not just
black people who deal with bias in
America Islamophobia is still happening
homophobia has not gone away people are
getting yelled at for speaking Spanish
in public Starbucks says this is just
the first session in a larger training
plan but for right now it feels like a
narrow response to what happened to
black people in Philadelphia and even
that might not make much of a difference
do you think you can train racism out of
people I don't I don't I do not feel I
can answer that question I'm not sure if
because it's I don't think that's
something that you can train and you
cannot train it I thought to answer that
question
I mean I guess if it's if it's something
that is trained into people why wouldn't
you be able to train it out of people no
I don't I don't and I don't think that's
what the attempted today was either
you
