well if ooga very apostasy brave indeed
is he a musketeer reportedly he atomic
attack on the hospital now
don't skip a fad official a compound
dakota Britannic secure new novel but
nicosia new robot casino europa componet
suka Newsome equivalent it a sorority
Michelle Bonnie a is the voice of the 27
countries in the European Union's brexit
negotiations the future rights of 500
million citizens and a trading bloc
worth hundreds of billions a riding on
the deal his team strikes with the UK a
former French Foreign Minister he's
taken a hard line in the negotiations
the clock is ticking there will be no
business as usual and showing unique
talent for trolling the British so no
time cause I need a cookie Churchill
Churchill et tu Reza hobby huh less than
a year before brexit vice news went
exclusively behind the scenes with
Barney a to check in on the status of
the world's strangest divorce settlement
several times a week Barney a leaves EU
headquarters in Brussels to travel
around Europe and speak to two very
separate audiences the first of the
millions of Europeans who've entrusted
him to make the best brexit deal
possible not only about negotiating
between coffee shores you press her on
London and so about the people about
that business matters stakeholders so I
I see that this negotiation cannot be
secret of course for a Frenchman
speaking primarily to Europe it's no
accident that many of his speeches
aren't precisely constructed English
he knows the second audience listening
in is the British press which dissects
his every word this crews including raw
meat choice closing doors of course also
implies it's their will but there you
have to insist on the message of okay
they are making sure that certain things
are not possible
with the UK still divided over key parts
of its own position repeating the same
few phrases can be business as your
tinged with a touch of do the family
short clock is ticking is the deliberate
part of Barney a strategy for presenting
a united European front this is their
red lies not our relax in Brussels his
ability to keep Britain on edge has made
Barney a the star of Brick City you can
do politics without its contact with the
people huh totally impossible behind
closed doors
Barney a Leeds more than 30 advisors and
technocrats divided into different areas
of EU policy I mean together they fix
the e u--'s position on each aspect of
the break-up meeting monthly with their
British counterparts to try to find
common ground it's slow methodical the
very definition of bureaucratic and
Barney a loves it
Lucas a donkey that have a coccidia
devaluation the polling technique
juridic finicky economic keys for
possible this is your botanic I know I
know I said max one hour so they will
they stick to their guns in fact they
said that there are new agreements to
actually submit the katana Tommy a
delegation Titanic should draft treaty
as a Holloway was of it Halloweeny keep
was ruined do Nui complete to pay we do
no you could do distressed
there have been major breakthroughs the
two sides settled on the cost of the
so-called divorce bill to roughly fifty
three billion dollars the UK will pay to
buy itself out of its obligations to
Europe
there's also an agreement to guarantee
the rights of Europeans living in the UK
and vice versa
as well as a transition period lasts
until December 2020 giving everyone more
time to work out a future trade
relationship document possible Paul
Obermann ouessem discommode October say
it's a draft treaty in the O'Farrell a
collage a so hospice ohnkazpa so the
subtext what we do some Dolliver they
didn't all suggest when support saw so
the pretty city of busan see blow yeah
there is commercial power where the
sides disagree that they disagree a lot
should european courts or UK courts have
the power to enforce the deal how should
northern island part of the united
kingdom interact with the Irish Republic
part of the European Union the entire
deal transition and all will collapse if
there is an agreement on everything just
a No Deal yeah but a transition it's
absolutely fetch a book would Paul
imported more a final risk to the exit
treaty is the elected officials
themselves Barney a needs to sell his
deal to the people who are technically
his bosses the government's and elected
representatives of 27 EU countries so I
have this meeting once per week with his
breakfast in group a small group of very
key parliamentarians to get the approval
apology must not wait for the at the end
of the route process you have to build
every day all along the roads review the
process and to build trust through the
Riviera
these private weekly briefings are a key
part of the strategy to keep the eu-27
United Barney a is among the favorites
to become the next president of the EU
in 2019 meaning he would personally
oversee the future relationship between
the EU and the newly independent UK
Chatrapathi Emily yeah
premier atop the practice of divorce
bien phu zapatos de la philosophy to
achieve upon visuals on airplay saseru
zapato vision a module perineal
incertitude
java biella difficulty at Oct 30 but
maybe news at a logical britannica the
position clay Yeshua said a decision
Britannic the key Renuka cala problem
person dude Leonato
you
