tonight do you think you can train
racism out of people I don't I don't
people are divided and people are angry
they're people laundering drug money I
mean I probably Rosanna tweeted this
morning and by this afternoon her show
was canceled a new Harvard survey
published in the New England Journal of
Medicine found that Puerto Rico's
government severely underestimated the
number of deaths from hurricane Maria
Puerto Rico's authorities have adamantly
stood by an official death toll of 64
but the survey estimates that close to
6,000 people may have died many from
delayed medical care North Korean vice
chairman kim yeongcheol is on his way to
New York his visit is the latest attempt
to revive the June 12th summit on Sunday
a US delegation arrived in North Korea
the same day South Korean president moon
jae-in had an impromptu meeting with Kim
jong-un at the DMZ
remembered his epic conte the law
professor appointed as Italy's Prime
Minister last Wednesday forget about him
former IMF economist Carlo Corelli has
been appointed Italy's new prime
minister after conte failed to form a
government when his pick for economics
minister a vocal critic of the euro got
vetoed by Italy's president De Beers is
going to start selling synthetic
diamonds the company famous for
convincing people that spending two
months salary on a diamond engagement
ring is normal will sell its lab-grown
creations for just $800 a karat
when a white Starbucks manager in
Philadelphia called the cops on two
black men for sitting in the store
without buying anything
Starbucks found itself facing a massive
PR crisis the company responded by
announcing that today all 8,000 of its
company-owned locations would close
early for staff to attend racial bias
training Starbucks invited vice news to
a media event to hear a sanitized
readout from employees who participated
most Americans don't like talking about
race and they definitely don't like
talking about their own racism so it's
sort of hard to imagine the guy who
makes your venti nonfat caramel
macchiato suddenly becoming more woke
just because he sat through a four-hour
seminar dear Starbucks partners I'm
Stanley Nelson a documentary filmmaker
my films are about race America and the
decades-long struggle for all people to
be treated as equals in public spaces
this training might make people less
likely to call the cops on you but it's
sort of hard to know how your average
Starbucks employee feels about the whole
thing because Starbucks won't let us
talk to any baristas or anybody who
would actually interact with in a
Starbucks instead they invited a bunch
of media outlets to interview a
hand-picked group of district managers
who all seemed really excited about the
whole training thing it was a really
great experience is a really great
interaction that I got to have with some
of my peers were there any moments in
there that felt uncomfortable at all I
don't know that was the right one to
describe there were times that I watched
some things and it made me go wow I
don't experience life like that we'll
have to make sure that my hands are
visible when I walk into certain places
today make sure I don't not stealing
just leaving the house some days you
know is since I'll just just keep you at
home and just keep you away from
everything
that was a little bit like that a little
bit but for a lot of people say black
people this isn't so much a punch in the
gut as it is just a reminder of what you
go through every single day and that
doesn't seem like a whole lot of fun to
sit through and that's the thing
Starbucks says they want to confront all
forms of bias but most of their training
material is laser focused on anti black
racism which is it bad in and of itself
but it's not just black people who deal
with bias in America Islamophobia is
still happening homophobia has not gone
away
people are getting yelled at for
speaking Spanish in public Starbucks
says this is just the first session in a
larger training plan but for right now
it feels like a narrow response to what
happened to black people in Philadelphia
and even that might not make much of a
difference do you think you can train
racism out of people I don't I don't I
do not feel I can answer that question
I'm not sure if because it's I don't
think that's something that you can
train you cannot train it toda to answer
that question I mean I guess if it's if
it's something that is trained into
people why wouldn't you be able to train
it out of people no I don't I don't and
I don't think that's what the attempted
today was either
it's taken four years a hundred and
fifty million dollars and a search
that's covered almost 90,000 square
miles of ocean floor it's given rise to
thousands of hours of speculative news
reports and a host of lawsuits the
mission to find Malaysia Airlines flight
mh370 is now over but the mystery of
what happened to the plane is still
unsolved sadly if I haven't been able to
find image 370 and that is that is a
tragedy on March 8th 2014 a Malaysia
Airlines Boeing 777 with 239 people on
board took off from Kuala Lumpur it was
supposed to be going to Beijing but over
the Indian Ocean it fell off radar and
became one of the most baffling flight
disappearances in history Malaysia
Australia and China conducted a joint
search they found debris but not the
main wreckage so Malaysia hired an
American company ocean Infiniti to scour
thousands of miles of ocean that weren't
part of the original search but ocean
Infiniti came up empty to the
disappearance of Malaysian Airlines
flight 370 begins to demand supernatural
explanations MH 370's disappearance has
been fertile ground for conspiracy
theorists but assuming you don't think
the plane was sucked into a black hole
hacked by putin's forces or flown to a
secret hideout in afghanistan there are
two competing ideas of what happens the
first put forward by Malaysian and
Australian authorities is that a lack of
oxygen in the cabin caused the pilots
and passengers to pass out and that the
plane flew on autopilot until it ran out
of fuel the second more dramatic theory
which a panel of aviation experts
posited on Australia 60 minutes is that
the pilot committed a mass murder
suicide he was killing himself
unfortunately he was killing everybody
else on board and
he did it deliberately Malaysia will
eventually release the public report on
the failed searches but it won't offer
any real answers which means the only
thing we'll really know about what
happened to mh370 is that we don't know
China's one belt one road initiative
could be the most ambitious
infrastructure plan in history
it's designed to reconnect places along
China's ancient Silk Road trade route
and way beyond there are currently nine
hundred billion dollars worth of
projects that are planned or underway
some European countries are already
feeling the impact since 2012
China has sprinkled an estimated 15
billion dollars in infrastructure
investments over Central and Eastern
Europe that means new roads railways and
ports for small countries that otherwise
couldn't afford them but for the Chinese
that money isn't always a gift it's
often alone and for places like
Montenegro it's a massive leap of faith
so the project of the century is what
they've called this highway the biggest
project in the history of the country
it's probably going to be one of the
most sophisticated challenging highways
in whole Europe because of the terrain
blood and gergich is a researcher who's
been following the construction of the
barbary or a highway since it started
three years ago his projected path will
connect the port city of bar with the
Serbian town of bull Yara a journey
which now takes over four hours on two
lane roads the highway could cut that
travel time in half
with over a hundred miles of roads
bridges and tunnels it's estimated cost
is 3.2 billion dollars according to
gergich more than half of Montenegro's
annual GDP the government desperate to
modernize after breaking away from
Serbia in 2006 have been promising its
people this highway for over a decade
when they went looking for backers to
finance it Western institutions weren't
interested and what were the main
reasons why they said look it's just not
feasible as far as we're concerned they
didn't see any financial or economic
reason behind it during a six hundred
thousand people it has a traffic volume
which is quite low it can increase but
not so much as to make this highway
sustainable what's the country without a
highway this is actually the only
country without the highway in Europe
and without McDonald's as far as I
remember the whole story was threatening
to be just another political promise
and then finally Chinese game and so
what's done that's the part of the
section of the highway that's being
built by the Chinese company the Chinese
government guaranteed alone to
Montenegro worth more than 1 billion
dollars to finance the construction of
125 miles stretch of the road a
condition of that line was that a
Chinese state contractor would do 70% of
the work
Osamu jirozo mr. G why Sir jr. nearly
Chobham I don't shovel Jim what is
forego do you go don't don't good show
my girl so we were going I know what I
don't want me to you wanna walk me near
that guy super thank you Tang Shi Fei
has been deputy manager here for nearly
two years to be shown when she's in a
wheelchair on your yacht your chew a
vago your thumb of your film our tie
your each year enjoy Wilma Tiggers
without mother Gauri
don't wanna vomit or highlighter changsu
the Taruna hi Reggie see the corner
Cheaper by Unilever Koyukuk or I go
Taniguchi chiffon Ojibwa dosa go on yes
you got it just about Peyton knows what
to do
China sees projects like this as a
proving ground in Montenegro state back
companies can learn the quirks of local
labor and EU regulations before aiming
for more lucrative work in Germany
France and Belgium I'm just interested
to know how much you feel that you're
representing your country whilst you're
here - let me repeat hardly she you wall
of the Rania Jehovah Psalms at all it's
all very harmonious except the China
isn't just giving Montenegro the money
the World Bank and the IMF believe that
the Chinese loan which Montenegro will
pay back the 2% interest between 2020
and 2040 following a five year grace
period is a threat to Montenegro's
long-term stability is highly is not
Chinese unless what is it this is the
investment government of Montenegro are
taking us that is the difference but
just labellum is the Banton egan
government point person for cooperation
with China tell me about the thoughts
behind taking such an enormous life
Chinese buyer already told you you have
to pay for something is it necessary to
explain why we were building your
highway in 21st century the World Bank
is a made an assessment that as a result
of taking this loan public debt as a
share of GDP will rise above 80 percent
we are still have enough air to breathe
but we are aware if we are going further
with the
credit loans with the state guarantees
that can be brought up to now we are
aware of the risk but we are not in a
dangerous position we want to raise our
export we want to become a member of you
you cannot do it if you are not
connected well connected the world the
risk of course is that Montenegro won't
be able to pay back the loan in the
terms of Montenegro's deals stipulated
in the event of default China can even
seized parts of Montenegro's territory
their companies will also pay little to
no tax while working there former
opposition MP yellow Sava calles it is
concerned the government is digging
itself into a hole
the World Bank seems to believe that is
going to plunge this country into some
sorts of great recession beloved even on
a tie out of pool porch of the
Ceredigion at the druga literature
Gordon economy economic in Nevada style
Nicole Nalepa retrieve a pottery barn
out of AI proact normal Nepal most
eminent the Badal relic a chance Arizona
EDA Beto nodding in ROTC and moral
perspective solder solder Ober New Year
eternal glory will pass mr. Diwan
proteges we don't want an unfinished
motorway but the truth is you don't know
how you gonna pay for the next two
phases they do not know what will be the
model the groove of the economy which
will be growth thanks to do highway we
will earn enough money to pay for higher
the only way to avoid delay is risk we
do nothing you have to take a risk you
have to be creative innovative that is
what we are doing
President Trump is speaking here in
Nashville tonight he'll be meeting a
crowd that started lining up before 8:30
a.m. there are a lot of people in
Tennessee who are more than happy to
host this Republican president and his
entourage there are fewer of them in
Nashville itself
Trump won this state with 61 percent of
the vote
only three counties voted for Hillary
Clinton Haywood County which is majority
black Shelby County where Mathis is and
Davidson County home of Nashville this
pattern repeats itself all across the
country even in red states city voters
mostly didn't vote for Trump this could
be a problem for Republicans in one
under-reported way finding a venue for
the 2020 national convention earlier
this month
Nashville decided not to submit a bid
though the RNC the city joins Dallas San
Antonio and Las Vegas and saying no
thanks
cities usually line up to host these
national conventions they bring revenue
and they bring exposure
Hetal of 2016 conventions six cities
actively tried to get the Republican
National Convention in the end Cleveland
got the gig and it actually went pretty
well for that city but ahead of the 2020
convention only three cities are bidding
and only one of them is doing it
publicly Charlotte North Carolina so
what's going on in this city the people
in charge of saying no work at the
Nashville Convention and Visitor's
corporation this is a huge part of
American politics these parties come to
these cities and they celebrate the city
we celebrate the democracy is that just
becoming not a good investment for
cities anymore
you're correct it is not a good
investment you know there's no drama to
who's gonna be the candidate coming out
there's not the must-see TV that used to
go with it
the usual bragging rights might not be
there either the host city will be tied
to Trump in the eyes of the viewing
public so it's not hard to be the guy
who says no to the party of the
president who won the state by 60% or
with 60% of the haha you know if I
didn't say I had a pit in my stomach
when I had to make that call
yeah it's hard but if it's the right
call and I could back it up with a
business case then shoot at me all you
want
spiriting says it's not about Trump and
in Nashville maybe it's not but the
Democrats aren't having this problem
they asked eight cities to bid on their
2020 convention and so far none of them
have said no how's it going I'm Brandon
nice to meet you yeah I know you were
talking about hosting one of our Bitcoin
ATMs to get leverage okay all you need
to do is provide the space we install
the machine and you get a check each
month for the transactions processed we
even handle the customer support
Brandin Mintz is the CEO of Bitcoin
Depot and Atlanta company that
distributes Bitcoin ATMs across the
country machines like his are the only
places where you can use paper money to
purchase digital currency okay sue show
me how this works
tap the screen and click buy coins so
we'll just go ahead and choose the
lowest option you can buy $20 to $1,000
so here now it displays how much Bitcoin
you're gonna get you're gonna get point
zero zero one five two two four three
Bitcoin so it's about worth about 13
dollars now what I have in here that's
alright
twenty dollars yeah it'd be worth about
thirteen dollars now that's because
Bitcoin Depot took seven of the twenty
dollars after markups and fees he
estimates that in total his machines
taken tens of millions of dollars every
year a host store he says can expect to
make a few hundred bucks a month on
average and attract more customers in
the process you put physical money in
but then it goes into the space where
everything is ephemeral and there there
is no physical money is that that seems
like it puts you in a unique position
right yeah it's definitely interesting
how we're selling a digital product but
the thing is when you can actually touch
this machine and know that there's a
real company behind it versus just a
random website that can vanish at any
time it gives you this sense of trust
and credibility that this company is
legitimate the number of Bitcoin ATM
machines worldwide has tripled since
2017 there are now more than three
thousand according to coin ATM radar a
website that maps them turning cash into
crypto hasn't gone mainstream as a
result
not a single person we saw using a
Bitcoin Depot ATM would speak with us
and several even use profanity to
emphasize how little they wanted to be
filmed
that might be because they're shy or it
might be because they're shady in the US
there's almost no federal or state
monitoring of these transactions which
makes it hard to know if they're a
portal for small investors or an easy
way to launder money like how many
people are coming in and just sticking
$20 in I don't have exact metrics on
demographics but it's really diverse I
mean there's low-income people using the
machines because it's a better source of
money transfer than Western Union there
are investors going to the Machine in
this area this where customer support
and sales go down we've been here for a
little over a year now companies like
Bitcoin Depot self report suspicious
activity to the Financial Crimes
enforcement network a bureau within the
US Treasury Department created to quote
determine emerging trends and methods in
money laundering and other financial
crimes but there's no independent
oversight Bitcoin Depot has 135 machines
and 15 states and more than a third of
them are in Atlanta including minces
first machine in a vape store across the
street from Georgia Tech and I've sat
and watched people who pump 10 grand
into that machine so at a time in two
different transactions because they can
only do five grand it for per
transaction but twice a day and what
kind of people are doing that it it's
all different kinds of people or I mean
it's it's a lot of like urban people and
I'd say a lot of strippers did get a lot
of strippers in here what about like
drugs are people laundering drug money
and I mean I I hope not but I mean
probably in a statement to vice news
Bitcoin Depot said quote it's not a
hundred percent avoidable for any
company Bitcoin Depot has outstanding
compliance policies and strives to go
above and beyond all know your customer
and monitoring requirements at its ATMs
is there like a particular time when you
have real heavy traffic at the mission
yes I have people waiting at the door
for me some days and then I have people
banging on the door at 8:15 after I've
already closed trying to get any hair to
use it so it's it's all day long that
song made me realize what a huge dick I
am
crazy distortion bass with kick drum
kind of pee it just has that thing
that's like exactly what filmmakers like
to put in stuff Earth's changing the
mountains are moving upward scores of
animals are migrate like you know the
super triumphant its blockbuster II know
it's just the madness of you she's
singing a lot of things that are really
difficult to sing like going from one
note into you is really really hard kind
of intensely intimate modern technology
can put you so close to the listeners
ear that's probably one of those things
if people are attached to it and they
hear it in public they get kind of weepy
it's got a lot of eighties sounds in it
and then a super modern vocal it's like
when you have the three musketeers bar
like she's definitely the chocolate part
and the puffy part tastes like when they
still used to use sugar instead of corn
syrup do you know what I mean is that
that band fun it sounded like them
because of the wall of vocal you know
that when the chorus is coming a lot of
compression auto-tune e stuff is gonna
hit really hard who is it Hoobastank
I've always been angry about their names
so I've never listened to them if I
could beat somebody up just for naming a
band so terribly it would behoove a sink
you
you
