I never thought I would have a prom I
never thought I would get to really
experience that but they have created
this event for us
my advice for somebody that is like
their first time don't be scared we
don't dance normally most of us we all
look ridiculous
go find somebody if you find me come
dance with me I will love you
we are looking at pictures from past
proms this is you know that classic
dad's gonna kill the date picture this
is one of the ones we printed it out to
enter me for Miss Photogenic
Huntsville I actually won Miss
Photogenic of Huntsville but then I won
national title for best mile Sydney
would get in trouble at school up
because she's very social and she would
just get up and walk around the
classroom and once we pulled her out of
school and she had nobody to talk to
for a little while we found out she's
really smart the biggest challenge with
homeschooling is that I am a very social
person
so the only social that I get is through
extracurricular activities dance musical
theater Boy Scouts it's a venturing
program that is co-ed or actually prom
this year's theme was whispers of the
sea which was a nautical theme punk
underwater experience I am the president
of timeless home school events in
Huntsville homeschool prom is one of our
events that we put on yearly you are
loved in action for being here and
giving your time the first thing that
we're gonna ask you guys to do is to
sign our core value sheet we're saying
regardless of any child's orientation
gender their color that we love them as
they are
we take prom very seriously a lot of
home schoolers they don't have the
opportunity to have dances this is so
these kids could be here smiling
laughing and they will just have a
fabulous time I'm excited that it's my
senior prom and I'm very excited to go
with my boyfriend at the moment I think
it's gonna be a lot of fun they've been
dating for a few months now and I love
Dean he's a great kid he's very extra
person you know those theater kids yeah
he is one yeah we're not really going
anywhere nice for dinner we're really
just going to chick-fil-a
we really wanted to get prom pictures
with the cow then after that we're gonna
go to prom we have people all the way
from Mississippi Georgia Florida will
come to this prom
we'll have a lot of fun
all right it's that time to all seniors
to the dance floor with your date time
to dance
I realized I didn't have a date and so I
messaged Preston on snapchat and said
hey will you go to prom with me and he
said okay so I asked him know prom she
thought she was clever with a prom son
yeah I made a promposal and it said so
he's gonna be a Marine and I said before
you report for duty come to prom and
shake your booty cuz I thought I was so
funny I said she brings more out my soft
side I guess you don't always get like a
date I haven't had a date for the past
two years and it's a different
experience each time so you have to take
if I fly by the seat of your pants you
can be left out of your friend sometimes
it just kind of happens yeah where
you're on your own for a while but it
still turned out great a great
experience and I enjoyed every moment of
it when I met her she was very kind to
me she did my hair for a show that we
did she made jokes with me she made me
feel comfortable around her
so when she joined the show that I told
her hey auditions are tomorrow and she
showed to the first rehearsal late but
she still looked awesome here in her Boy
Scout uniform I thought to myself I
might want to try it was surreal to me
that a girl so pretty the national best
smile so kind would say yes someone like
me I took a shower that night and I was
just just water fell on my face I never
know why I said yes I just kind of said
yeah sure we started dating
yeah I didn't really I don't know I
don't know it didn't really impact me as
much because I had one boyfriend before
would you stop both of my daughters that
haven't attended the prom they've had
heartache and tragedy in their little
lives because of it but they've also had
wonderful magical moments and that's
life it's what makes us human if we
can't experience those highs and lows
and cope with them and still turn out to
be high functioning people then there's
not a lot of hope for the human race
after high school I'm moving attending
Troy University joining the Marines
currently I'm working on getting my GED
I mean after that I just plan on joining
the workforce and going that route I'm
going to Calhoun Community College just
to figure out what I want to do and do
something get some basic classes out of
the way
you
you
