these pictures are more than just
southeast for women in Iran their acts
of protest Iran is one of two countries
that requires women to cover their head
in public Mon Ami given the high java
age body protests against compulsory
hijab have gotten bolder this year and
they're all being broadcast from two
social media accounts Navajo Java is
very individual child and also the
photos of the Rockhouse believe the
woman behind these accounts actually
lives in Brooklyn Massey Ali Nejad
an Iranian activists and journalists
living in exile comes up with campaigns
of civil disobedience like white
Wednesday's which has gone viral Here I
am loud and I have the opportunity to be
the voice of so many women who won't
express themselves but they're looking
for media I cannot tell you how many
messages that I get every day I'm gonna
show you that I have oh my god 71
thousand unread messages I received
videos from women inside Iran through my
telegram which is really popular in Iran
Iran recently restricted access to
telegram along with Twitter Instagram
and Facebook for its role in mobilizing
anti-government protests in late
December but women are still bypassing
internet sensors to post their hair
jobless images if caught in public they
could get fined or imprisoned
so my small body in condition I won't be
here Johnny he never took that only be
here job some of the posted videos show
solidarity you know as baccarat she can
go fight lol chat but others show the
harassment that comes with protests in
compulsory hijab protests against
compulsory hijab kicked into high gear
in late December when Vida move ahead a
protester in Tehran climbed a utility
box and waved her white head scarf from
December 1 V dome of ahead came out with
her own idea putting the headscarf on a
stick and waving the white head scarf
like a flag against compulsion then
everything has changed
you know she encouraged other women she
became the Rosa Parks of Iran that set
off a chain reaction of more public acts
of unveiling which resulted in the
highly publicized arrests of at least 29
women a job protest in Iran is gaining
momentum before it was like stealthy
women right just sending their pictures
from their back they didn't want to be
identified but after that women filming
themselves like with their faces walking
in public on their not wearing the hijab
in public could mean getting up to 2
months in prison but doing so as a
protest resulted in a two-year prison
term for move ahead shortly after her
sentencing Iran's supreme leader
Ayatollah Khamenei addressing a job
protest to discredit them a team in
television agreement that decision ever
Terry to Gucci canary Harry buffer and
yo and his I dunno who Nevada and bad
Ramon Cancun we remember a man named
Colonel Kathryn Bigelow better and Sarah
from the Animas a lot more chilly
mid-april video of a morality police
officer assaulting a female civilian in
Tehran for wearing a loose head job drew
outrage and international attention
several Iranian lawmakers including the
vice president for women's affairs
condemned the police violence but
although nearly half of her anyons
believe her job should be a private
choice
government officials haven't backed any
legal reforms this one I fought to show
our foreign minister and I said if you
think it's a culture so you have to
respect the culture as well you know as
a gear I was kicked out from my school
because of my political thought I got
kicked out from Iranian parliament I
went into prison you know I was a
columnist then I got attacked by the
government because of my criticism so
now I'm here outside Iran I'm loud
enough to talk about my rights and be
the voice of voiceless people for
several years Messi has received photos
and videos that show women doing other
banned activities like cycling in public
and even attending sporting events
disguised as men her continued activism
even from outside Iran has made Rossi
unknown figure and the protest movement
but not without backlash I receive a lot
of threats like naming part of my body
and shaming me threatening my son
threatening my family inside Iran so
normally I just leave the backlash the
hate messages behind and I just look at
the future and I go
