tonight it's time to tell the
Palestinians abandon your fantasy of
destroying this okay so maybe this is a
moment my my in suspecting
this shows have excuse my
French this whole thing is North Korea
reportedly put talks with South Korea on
pause and threatened the upcoming summit
with President Trump over u.s. and South
Korean joint military exercises the
peace process was never going to be easy
the administration says it's assessing
the situation you know look this news
just came out I can't verify it just yet
it's very early on in the process but
we're planning ahead for our meetings
uber will now allow employees and
customers to take civil cases of sexual
assault and harassment to court instead
of forcing closed-door arbitration but
the policy change only applies to
individual cases so victims can't pursue
class-action lawsuits lyft dumped its
forced arbitration policy as well
94% of America's public school teachers
by surprise for their students without
getting paid back according to new
federal data they shell out 479 dollars
a year on average but teachers at
low-income schools spend even more an
average of five hundred and fifty four
dollars as part of its bankruptcy Toys R
Us is selling off hundreds of domain
names including sex toys RS calm
Russian President Vladimir Putin opened
the longest bridge in Europe
physically linking Russia to the Crimean
Peninsula it took from Ukraine back in
2014 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is facing battles on many
fronts and the Golan Heights he's
dealing with new threats from Iran Ian's
forces in Syria he's also facing
international condemnation and the
killing of Palestinians at the Gaza
border we traveled to Jerusalem's fast
from how his administration is
responding
that's the Iranian drone was shot down
it's got a win here fixed wind here so
this was an Iranian drone sent over
Golan Heights I shot it down they then
sent missiles and artillery to attack
you and Golan Heights and then you this
was the start of everything that was it
that was and you see it the center was
blown up by our interception but these
are the parts that come from the center
and I think it's the first time that
we're showing this yeah it's the first
time yeah how do you know it was 100%
Iranian we know for sure because this is
an Iranian drone you can see pictures of
this drone by the way in Iran itself we
also have obviously the intelligence
that we were aware that they were doing
this they had explosives in this drone -
you have intelligence that they're
Revolutionary Guards are moving in other
weapons what happens does this escalate
I hope not because I hope they'll get
the message that we're not going to let
them do it
the day before our meeting the u.s.
officially moved its embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem history setting off a
massive protest in the Gaza Strip it
ended with at least 60 Palestinians dead
there was a historic day the embassy
opened here in Jerusalem and but yet at
the same time there were unprecedented
riots in Gaza not riots or deliberate
infiltration attempts paid and organized
by Hamas for 20 years they didn't open
the embassy because they were afraid of
violence and now the embassy was open
and there was violence so what do you
say to the criticism that's coming from
around the world I said I think that
President Trump did a very important
thing he not only kept his promises and
the promises of successive American
presidents he also recognized a simple
reality you're sitting now in my in the
government office of the Israeli
government in Jerusalem the Prime
Minister's Office is right here
in Jerusalem the Israeli government the
seat of Israel's government is in
Jerusalem which is its capital and it's
been the capital of the Jewish people
only for 3,000 years and I think that's
the key ultimately to peace because a
piece that's based on lies will crash on
the rocks of Middle East reality and
it's time to to tell the Palestinians
abandon your fantasy of destroying
Israel that in the fantasy that you will
conquer Jerusalem abandon the fantasy
that says Israel will disappear it will
not and isn't they not do it for 20
years because they didn't want it to
preempt a peace process so ie in a
negotiation where because Palestine
believes that it's a capital - so it's a
dual capital or what have you so they
didn't want to say well in case this is
a negotiating block we're taking it off
the table well I think what he took off
the table is the fact that Jerusalem is
Israel's capital he didn't define
exactly you know how where the line
would be in Jerusalem but he said it's
very clear that this part where were we
sitting now is whatever is going to
remain as well as capital lose right
the Prime Minister spokesman was just as
adamant that actually it's the Israelis
whose lives are in danger a genocide 'el
terrorist organization that long before
any embassy was spoken about Hamas was
calling to kill every single Jew we
can't afford to just say well that's
hyperbole maybe they don't mean it the
head of Hamas ETS Anwar said Senate
allahu dude was an otaku boom we will
tear down the border and we will tear
out their hearts I take him at his word
I think he's trying to tear down the
border because he's trying to destroy
Israel but tanks against rocks is not a
fair fight well long before any tank was
used we used rad dispersal methods I'll
tell you what makes it so hard to not
hit anybody who isn't involved it's the
fact that they're shooting from behind
kids that's why they're burning tires to
put up a smoke screen to make it harder
to see who is a civilian and who's an
armed combatant but Hamas has no concern
whatsoever for their people we could be
wonderful allies with Palestinians
living in Gaza why not people are not
the problem the regime is the problem
the toll from yesterday's violence in
Gaza rose overnight the hundreds flocks
on the border again on Tuesday and today
the Israelis seem to be relying more on
gas than bullets that ones from the
drone okay that's an Israeli military
drone that's dropping tear gas on the
protesters I think it's gone another
load now it's falling right overhead
it's coming down now
Hamas says the protests will continue
the group's leader Ismail Haniyeh even
showed up here in person to deliver that
message Tuesday's the anniversary of
Nakba the Arabic reference to the
expulsion of hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians in 1948 in the West Bank
city of Bethlehem demonstrators burned
tires and threw stones
and Israeli please responded with tear
gas and rubber bullets
but these annual protests have been
overshadowed by events in Gaza today the
Palestinian Authority blamed Israel and
the u.s. for the 62 deaths on Monday
sorry Barakat is the chief negotiator
for the Palestinian Authority those who
are responsible for the killing of the
60 Palestinians are number one Israel
Israeli Prime Minister Israeli army and
secondly present from personally by his
decision hasty decision a legal decision
to move the embassy to Jerusalem this
region needs peace this region needs
moderate this region we need to need to
save lives with rallies and Palestinians
and we don't do this by taking such
decisions we do this by negotiating
affair and adjust settlement between
Palestinians and Israelis based on a
two-state solution back in Gaza doctors
braced for the next round of casualties
two more were killed today and first
responders here say they're already
overwhelmed I think I will never see
anything like this in my life it was
even worse than the war because the
number of these injuries in the short
time will never happen even during the
war about 4 to 6 hours we have like
2,700 injuries and all over Gaza Strip
hospitals some people say the gas is
like a different type this weird kind of
gas like we've witnessed with many
patients these gas inhalation injuries
caused some people to have seizures
this is the funeral for Leila al Kendall
who is just 8 months old
Gaza health officials say she died after
being exposed to gas near the border
yesterday homeless TSS yeah-ha-ha-ha
Ganga Virginia hey lor Dostana but not
first fiona has to be alone a Milwaukee
and scenes like this one are only going
to drive more outrage and probably more
violence
an estimated 15 million people are
competing this year in one of the most
valuable lotteries in the world the
contest to get an American green card
the diversity immigrant visa program
established in 1990 hands out 50,000
green cards every year to people from
underrepresented nations with the goal
of diversifying the population of US
immigrants that means people from
countries like China India and Mexico
can't apply but aside from that there
are almost no requirements it costs
nothing to apply and you only have to
submit some limited biographical info no
other country in the world has a visa
lottery like this the only downside is
that it's almost impossible to win in
2017 only around one quarter of one
percent of applicants ended up with a
green card vice news followed three
people who rolled the dice this year I
came to the u.s. in August 2013 to start
grad school at Columbia and it's my
fifth year both in grad school and in
the US when I was doing my undergrad in
Moscow for five years I lived with my
grandma so after five years of living
with my grandma it was fine to move even
so far away although I now miss my
family and friends very much if I do in
the green card lottery it will be easier
for me to find a job because I will not
be restricted to only those employers
who can sponsor h-1b work visa but also
I really like the political atmosphere
here and I was never political before I
came to grad school but here I got
involved with the Union and sort of
started organizing and became more aware
of my own views and different issues
the first time I came to the US I was a
young adult and it was for performance I
only stayed for days and I was shocked
in the good way for this was too short
for sure but I really enjoyed it a lot
and it came to my mind to go back to New
York as soon as possible I want to stay
in America because first of all jazz was
born in America and there is definitely
a culture and a tradition here that is
different in France to meet jazz is
really to meet it here and here in New
York my American Dream is not
necessarily to make tons of money or to
be successful but to have the freedom to
do exactly what I want to do
artistically speaking from Ghana I'm a
student in France Community College and
I'm studying computer information
systems mainly on programming I love
Ghana because they will say for me I
traveled to Brazil right from Brazil I
travelled across countries in the
southern part of America right into the
United States so my immigration status
right now
it's an asylum seeker looking at the
duration that I have to wait till 2020
before I appear before an immigration
court I thought it wise to you know go
to college to show them that you know
while I was waiting I was also you know
going to school people say is a lot of
freedom but then again the quality of
education in the United States is second
to none so I believe that coming here
you know will give me that opportunity
the sense of you know having been able
to achieve something in life
and so that's the reason why I choose
the United States I'm just hoping and
praying that you know my chances that it
comes that I wait and you know I take it
from there
I'm not particularly nervous because and
that's very helpful
I do hope I'm wrong so we'll see oh okay
I'll copy my confirmation number has not
been selected that's pretty much it
okay so maybe this is a moment okay my
my hands are sweating and it's not good
it's a it's just that it would have
helped a lot and would have made this
decision easier the shoe will really go
on forever I want to say well you know
United States me to be able to have a
better future as a blessing to have this
DV lateral being called today and the
Ramadan starts today too so I'm just
hoping that you know it happens that
I've been who knows
let's hope and see shaking now
and it's taking time to load
watch Li the website is down I think
there's too much people well check in
keep refreshing the page keep refreshing
today so I've now been selected for the
Visa Lottery so what is what's next for
me it's just concentrate on my college
you know I will take my chances and
reapply and you know keep wishing and
hoping for better better things I had
in a congressional hearing last week
Department of Energy Secretary Rick
Perry suggested the federal government
might use a cold war-era law to prop up
the coal industry it's about the
national security of our country of
keeping our plants all of them online
the proposal is only a vague idea but
Perry seems to be indicating that the
government step in to keep failing coal
power plants running by using public
money the defense production Act is a
law passed at the onset of the Korean
War that gave the federal government
broad authority to prop up businesses
and industries and deemed necessary for
national defense originally that meant
compelling industries to meet wartime
production targets some heavy industry
was even nationalized with the
government taking over steel mills to
guarantee output but since Truman and
presidents have used it more creatively
President Obama for instance used it in
2011 to get telecommunications companies
to divulge information about Chinese
spyware in their systems
now the Trump administration thinks the
DPA could be used to revive coal so does
that mean the decline of the poll
industry is a national security threat
energy security is the ability to
provide energy for your economy and for
your ability to fight and win a war
without having to depend on a hostile
country you know right now we don't need
coal for that because we have natural
gas we have nuclear we have abundant
renewable supplies that means that
legally the Trump administration might
have a hard time justifying this use of
the dpa there's nothing in the law about
bailing out on economic power plants
Rick Perry would have to conclude that
there's a national defense purpose in
providing certain electric generators
with preferred rates I think the rest of
the energy industry would would bring
the administration to court but the
defense production Act isn't Trump's
first longshot attempt at using an old
law to save the coal industry
last year the administration
referenced an even older and more
obscure law called the federal Power Act
that could have hypothetically been used
to order plants like say a soon-to-be
retired coal plant to remain open but
that didn't end up being the viable
either it doesn't make sense to use the
defense production act to prop up the
coal industry to me this seems like an
administration that is looking for any
tool in the policy toolbox
president Trump didn't win by appealing
to a massive previously untapped
ex-coworker constituency remember there
are only about 50,000 coal jobs in
America Canada Trump won in large part
because he told a very specific story
about America that cast the coal miner
as its hero so just as it was during the
campaign being seen as sticking up for
coal workers today might be more
important politically than actually
saving the industry
it's quite humbling to know that despite
all of your aspirations all of your
dreams and all the talents you think you
have you're made of clay as the stoic
epictetus used to say you're nothing but
a piece of crockery and a quart of blood
every time I go to Paris I fall in love
it again with paracin I also have this
great poster from an even greater
chilled la fonda Boulanger Zola Racine
Balzac slava kiselev muy especial boy a
bomb on a spree on a sham this history
of fromage pretty rare bottle of wine
almost a century old
I'm Jean un Friedman and this is Clovis
Clovis is named after the French first
King for the last 25 years
France calm belong to this guy a French
immigrant living in Miami but on March
12th France the country took it claiming
the domain is rightfully theirs a galley
thay my ass now Friedman is suing to get
back the website he founded from the
country he thought he knew I'm like in a
relationship where I'm to spend some
someone cheated on me big-time
and the question is will it ever be the
same for me and that I don't know my
idea was to create a hub for the
Francophile and francophone community
living in the US for many years had
provided the money for the whole family
ever since about 2000 we started selling
travel products we sent tens of millions
of dollars of business to France over
the years the government of France
seized France calm by having their own
courts sent in order to the us-based
website registrar web.com after
receiving the order web.com transferred
ownership of France calm to the French
government in a nutshell their argument
is that because we own the name France
we should also own the domain name
France calm regardless of where in the
world is registered and that tees up
some really complicated questions of who
governs the internet right whose law
supreme but France isn't even using
France calm it just
redirects to France afar so under the
relevant American law the government of
France has suddenly become a cyber
squadron there were numerous precedents
here in the United States that show that
France accom is very likely to win its
case here right that the law is very
much on our side and against there's a
great french revenge if France does win
it could set a precedent meaning that
Lincoln Nebraska could swoop in and take
Lincoln calm or even the but ceman
turkey could take Batman calm so when we
started France calm we did it in full
conjunction with the French government
tourist office we did it together they
they knew from the very beginning this
shows have excuse my French
this whole thing is because this is an
award given by a to France for best
website but you're after we got a to
award from the same two fossil the same
people who claim that we were not
authorized to use the name France common
neither are to France the French tourism
office nor the French foreign ministry
would comment web.com wouldn't either I
am struggling really to combine what's
happened to me with what I thought
France was so yes I'm torn but I know I
have to fight to just not let this that
poison the way are I see France
you
you
