so you've probably been getting a lot of
these emails lately why because of GDP
are a new European data law that goes
into effect May 25th the law covers EU
citizens but could have broader
implications GDP are was designed to
give quote data subjects more commonly
known as people new rights and greater
control over their personal data for
instance you will now have the right to
move your data to a different social
network or have your personal
information completely erased companies
will also be required to notify users
within 72 hours of a data breach and
rule breakers will face steep fines if
you're a fan of transparency all of this
is good news but there's one part of the
GDP are that tech companies will fight
tooth and nail a section that's been
referred to as the right to explanation
basically it would require companies to
tell users what data was used in how it
was computed by an algorithm the GDP are
specifically mentions automated
decisions on job applications and credit
applications but in theory it could
apply to any algorithm that has a quote
significant effect on a user's life like
the Facebook ad for example you would
need to make an argument that this ad is
affecting you in a significant way so
for example if job ads are being shown
to you this could actually be affecting
your life just what constitutes a
significant effect will play out in EU
courts that means Google or Facebook
might have to unveil have certain
algorithms that they base their
businesses on work these algorithms have
enabled tech companies to make billions
of dollars that's why tech companies
have always refused to disclose their
inner workings which they considered
trade secrets but with gdpr they might
not have a choice
you
