this is informed choices one of
thousands of pro-life crisis pregnancy
centers or CPCs in the country they
provide free health services to pregnant
women but they don't offer abortion this
is the first time they've allowed
cameras inside their facility if you
turn this way I wanted to point at our
promise this is something that our
patients receive we're going to treat
you with respect
we will not pressure you we will support
you and we will not lie to you
you know that we will not lie to you bit
like why did that come about tell me
about that you know because I think
there's a very untrue narrative that
says oh don't go to a center like that
because they're going to lie to you I
can absolutely say that's not who we are
we exist to help women imagine the
possibilities of life let's now go into
our examination room so if a woman comes
in and she she's pregnant
and she decides that she wants to
terminate that pregnancy what happens in
that moment in in Fortresses I mean when
they were we're absolutely clear about
is that every woman has three choices
and every woman can choose to end her
pregnancy to a parent or to replace her
child for adoption those are the rights
that we have in America but the state of
California says cpc's frequently mislead
women about what services they provide
that's why the state passed the 2015
fact Act requiring licensed cpc's like
informed choices to post signs that tell
women they can get access to low-cost or
free health services from the state
including abortion but cpc's don't think
they should be forced to post those
signs and have challenged the law in the
Supreme Court which is set to rule on
the case any day now I think for a lot
of people the idea of you putting up a
sign that just says hey we don't provide
abortions here but if you do want to
look for that
the state of California can offer you
some other options what is the
fundamental problem you have with the
idea of putting a sign up there well my
fundamental problem really has nothing
to do with abortion it has to do with
free speech essentially we are being
required to use the walls of our
pregnancy clinic as advertising for the
abortion industry and I have a real
problem with that but when I googled
abortion Guillory California
Planned Parenthood came up as number one
but informed choices came up as number
two you guys don't provide abortion no
but we provide abortion information but
one of the things that I think that your
detractors say is that women who might
be actually seeking an abortion service
think that they could go to this kind of
facility to actually receive it of
course and the way we mitigate that is
to be very clear on our website as well
as on the information in our reception
area it says very clearly that we do not
refer or perform abortion but
assemblyman David Chu I wrote the facts
act based in part on a reports from an
abortion rights advocacy group want CPCs
to do more crisis pregnancy center is a
fake health center that purports to
provide pregnant women who are in need
of information services that assist them
when they're pregnant but in reality
they're run by extreme activists who are
providing lies and misinformation they
will tell you that if you consider an
abortion you'll get breast cancer
you will become severely depressed
you'll never be able to have children
again you may become suicidal why not
just take away their licenses I mean if
they are perpetuating this kind of fraud
or give you medical misinformation why
does the state of California continue to
provide them with medical licenses
well these clinics do provide some
services but our laws very simple it
simply says you need to provide a one or
two line notice to someone who's walking
in the door about
whether facility is licensed or if it is
licensed what kind of services are
available in California that's it
now it's up to the Supreme Court to
decide if that's legal there is
precedent for the California law in some
states the government already compels
speech about abortion three states
require doctors to describe ultrasound
images to women before they can get an
abortion others demand a discussion
about adoption before a woman can end
her pregnancy it was a point Justice
Breyer brought up of a Supreme Court
oral arguments back in March if a
pro-life state Candell a doctor you have
to tell people about adoption
why can't a pro-choice state tell a
doctor a facility of whatever it is you
have to tell people about abortion
despite justice Breyers comments court
Watchers think there's a good chance the
justices will rule in favor of cpc's so
they won't have to post signs about
abortion services but ironically if the
CPC side does win the fight in
California they could end up losing
those anti-abortion gains they've made
in other states so are you hoping in a
way that you'll all get struck down
it's been pointed out that we might be
winning either way if the California law
gets struck down it opens up the door
for constitutional challenges for all of
those laws in all of those other states
you
you
