hey you guys I've got some really
exciting news I'm looking for dancers to
dance with me on some really cool I'm
coming project this is open to using you
everyone
the idea was Janet's we have four
back-to-back weekend festivals coming up
and I think anyone can be hired I intend
to change it up different sizes
different genders different sexualities
I feel like the whole LA comes out it
took me a little minute to get actually
here two hours I woke up at 4:30 this
morning chanting but I'm in here we
haven't done an open call in 10 years
and as I kinda was like oh my god like
like what are we up for I want to say on
my resume I didn't manage accent out
this song if I get in that's cool over
the course of three days we'll see about
I'd say 1500 to about 1,800 dancers I
want to get everyone signed in so that
we can all just go in one at one time we
can fit a thousand people in there I'm
definitely stressed I'm still stressed
I'm going to be stressed until the last
person goes out the door you're gonna be
number nine so obviously this is an open
call and can we learn a combo six what
makes a dancer stand out is fire emotion
and discipline
the waiting is what really like the
nerve so like it's slowly slipping away
these Janet Jackson's over legend and it
would be great to get to her because of
she knows what she wants
if I was something that she wanted then
everyone is so you guys we're gonna be
performing for her sing miss Janet
Jackson on screen with it was a bit of a
shock but it was like oh it's definitely
gonna time now hey miss Jackson my
name's Dexter Maine Phil and I'm 1289
I'm a little anxious because we're
finally at the end if I make it I will
be SuperDuper excited if we hear
anything I don't know hopefully but
obviously keep it moving
you
