tonight kim jeong-hoon becomes the first
North Korean leader to cross the border
since an uneasy truce was signed in 1953
he'll be meeting with South Korean
president moon jae-in inside the
Demilitarized Zone that separates the
north from the south a holdover from a
war that never quite ended when Japan
surrendered to the Allied forces in
September of 1945 the Korean Peninsula
which had been a Japanese colony was
divided by the Soviet Union and the u.s.
along the 38th parallel the division of
Korea was really unprecedented and
unexpected Korea had been a unified
nation for well over a thousand years
but it was also processed which did not
consult any Koreans this was solely an
agreement between the Americans and the
Russians to competing governments formed
one in Seoul led by syngman rhee and one
in Pyongyang headed up by Kim il-sung
and each one thought it had the mandate
to rule the entire Peninsula initially
it was a civil war essentially between
North and South Korea but within days
the u.s. decided that they were
committed to defending South Korea and
they got approval from the United
Nations to ascended forces to repel
North Korean aggression after all this
was the early days of the Cold War and
to the u.s. siding with South Korea
symbolized taking a stand against the
spread of communism our nation all the
things we believe in are in great danger
the future of civilization depends on
what we do now and in the months ahead
China wasn't about to let the u.s. inch
up to its border and jump to North
Korea's defense after the Chinese
intervention the Korean War changed its
character it became a war between China
and North Korea on the one side and
South Korea in the US on the other side
the only time in history China and the
u.s. went to war with
the violence was brutal at least two
million people died and in 1953 once the
killing stopped the US China and North
Korea signed an armistice a temporary
ceasefire but a crucial signature was
missing the South Koreans refused to
sign it
Sigmund Rhee was quite resentful toward
the Americans were not pushing to keep
the whole of the north he saw this as a
betrayal of his own ambitions to unify
Korea under the Republic of Korea and so
South Korea never signed the armistice
since rehaul doubt the peace deal was
never formalized and so even today the
peninsula is still technically at war
over the years the opposing sides have
traded shots across the border and
blasted propaganda at each other over
loudspeakers with some bombings and
defections mixed in but there have been
only two one-on-one meetings between
leaders from the north and south it's
been very difficult for the two sides
north and south to trust each other
because of this legacy of war I think
that we are at the beginning of a long
process of discussion and it's better to
be talking than fighting
