thank you for all your work daddy thank
you very much thank you when news of the
Nashville Waffle House shooting emerged
on Sunday one of the people speaking out
was former Arizona Congresswoman Gabby
Giffords a gun safety advocate who's
called for all the salt weapons like the
one used in Nashville to be registered
under the National Firearms Act let's go
Giffords herself was shot in the head at
close range in 2011 and her work as a
gun violence activist is all the more
grueling because of her injuries but
that's not stopping her from charging
ahead we did this before yes yes exhale
in the beginning it was super
interesting because Gabby would really
only work we would do everything
one-sided you know we went from what
crutches yes to a cane to the dog to
nothing she's so busy she travels so
much and working 50 yeah 50 50 50 50
okay well that's it's good to keep that
balance but sometimes we've got to sort
of bring it back and bring it back home
and bring it back to center because
especially when you have something
devastating happen I know when Gabby
went back to the Safeway store the year
after she was injured she remembered
basically two things
she remembered where she parked where
she parked and then you remembered
something else Oh
mittens mittens did somebody bring you
mittens yeah because it was cold yes
but that's it so largely because the
Gabi was the first person shot and also
that she was shot in the head
Gabi being injured I don't think it
necessarily has changed what I felt the
definition of being a good husband is it
might not be the job that somebody else
would do you know I just try to do the
the best I can under the circumstances
that we've been dealt with Gabi wins
contentious race
November 8th 2006 my wife was in the
hospital still getting treatment for her
traumatic brain injury and doing therapy
and surgery can't over emphasize the
importance of compartmentalization which
is focusing on the stuff you have some
control over and not worrying about the
stuff outside of your control not to the
lobby to the gun lobby to the gun lobby
I think my role is part of many
different important roles in your
recovery I mean certainly working on
your communication and your language
skills and getting at words to come more
easily being able to resume your public
speaking life I think has been
really important yet so let's do just
this part well always seeing up to the
gun lobby always always
syn up to the gun lobby good you know
the gun lobby says this these three
forbs are an infringement on your rights
they're not nobody's trying to take away
anybody's Second Amendment right if you
are a responsible person Gabby and I are
both gun owners I've owned a firearm my
entire adult life I mean Gabby from June
stillwater zona yeah Wild West
so I mean she was the congresswoman who
had Tombstone Arizona so of course she
should own a firearm and this isn't
about like you know responsible gun
ownership you know this is about the
irresponsible people out there okay
visit I miss Kahn's used a lot yeah I
miss converse a lot what do you miss
about Congress I'm so busy there's a
busy job leading job but a good good job
we must stop gun violence protect our
children our future students let them
lead the way
stopping gun violence takes courage the
courage to do what's right through the
courage new ideas I've seen great
courage one of my life is on the line
be bold be courageous the nation's
counting on you thank you very much
you
