according to the UN the prevalence of
child marriage is declining around the
world but in parts of Africa it's
actually becoming a bigger problem the
Central African Republic has the second
highest rate of child marriage worldwide
29 percent of girls are married by the
age of 15 and 68 percent are married
before they turn 18
vin√≠cius anger Rodrigue a is only 12
years old and just weeks ago her family
married her off to Chari Coby a 46 year
old unemployed driver in exchange they
got a dowry of about 70 dollars along
with some goats and chickens
now she cooks cleans and sells food at
the market each night she also has to
take care of Cody's 10 year old daughter
from his first marriage
we spoke to Benicio with permission from
her parents the legal age for marriage
is actually 18 the girls can be married
earlier if their parents ate okay or a
court approves I think that without
eating and usually solace croissants
Anita
I saw the CDC digitally Katie massacre
Katie Katie Valley wanna be educational
facade most evil budget imbalance in el
ritmo grab a little under a vida
there's been violent conflict in the
Central African Republic since 2013 when
rebels overthrew the government the
instability in accompanying poverty is
helping drive up the number of child
marriages many families need the money a
dowry provides and believed marrying
their girls off at a young age can
protect them from the sexual violence
that's become an instrument of war yo se
que se lo group army member vellu force
beyond live elephant me CLA says el Ella
marine Salaam la turtleman's avec le de
Giselle don't wear some Arabic a deadly
pollution survey casey aquel caches
under venir demand a summary Amadou job'
arranged the marriage for his younger
sister zubeida the 12 year old recently
gave birth to a baby girl we also spoke
to her with the consent of her parents
debating video quote am i doing it of
indian model military zubeida says what
pains are the most is the opportunity
she's missing out on little comedian you
are semester soon a nano bio oil corner
you
you
