Kris Kobach is the Republican Secretary
of State in Kansas but you may know him
is America's voting cop determined to
find people he and President Trump claim
undermine elections in many places like
California the same person votes many
times you probably heard about that they
always like to say oh that's a
conspiracy theory not a conspiracy
theory folks millions and millions of
people
Trump hand-picked Kobuk to help lead the
so-called voter fraud commission last
year before it dissolved in January
following multiple lawsuits and Kobuk
himself was just found in contempt of
court for disobeying a court order in a
recent voter registration case but he's
still looking to prosecute people in
Kansas for election related crimes and
he just nabbed one Bailey McCoy is a
twenty year old from Colorado she's a
junior at Fort Hays State University in
Kansas where she competes in braking
rope and barrel racing on the school
rodeo team but according to Kris Kobach
Bailey is also an outlaw in 2016
she voted twice in the presidential
election casting ballots in both Kansas
and Colorado how did you end up casting
two ballots well I had gone home one
weekend to Colorado for a barrel race
and I had my mom had gotten our mailing
ballots so I went ahead and filled it
out at home and I signed it and I just
left it on our table and didn't do
anything with it and then I went back to
Kansas and then I got excited to go in
and vote so I went in and voted and then
didn't remember about my mail-in ballot
in Colorado my mom had called me a
couple days later and said that she had
sent him my mail-in ballot and we kind
of realized then that I voted twice and
I didn't know what I don't know what to
do at that point you know there's not
really protocol when you've done
something like that so
in January Kris Kobach filed two felony
charges against Bailey election perjury
and voting more than once the latter of
which carried a jail sentence of up to
13 months Kovac is the first and only
secretary of state in the country who
can prosecute voting related crimes he
convinced the legislature to give him
that power three years ago citing
widespread voter fraud but since then
he's charged just 15 people Bailey who
enlisted the help of a lawyer is the
latest I think mister Koba needs to
justify his prosecutorial powers and so
he will have to prosecute every case
that he finds the fact that he's only
found 15 cases in the time that he's
been able to prosecute suggests that
it's really not a problem he makes this
argument that cases like Bailey's are
the tip of the iceberg you know that I'm
finding 10 11 12 instances of illegal
voting and therefore there could be
thousands more cases I think he's
fishing for tuna and all his coaching is
the Dolphins and Bailey and the ten or
eleven other people who've been charged
in this case or the Dolphins now it may
be that they're just no tune out catched
the Secretary of State's office
eventually agreed to a plea deal and
Bailey's felony charges would drop to
one misdemeanor that stays on her record
she paid a $500 fine thank Co box office
refused to respond to vice news about
this story but he has said that he will
continue to prosecute cases and voter
fraud
ultimately you did break the law right
what do you think would have been sort
of a reasonable punishment for what you
did I mean I understand paying the fine
and I mean I have no problem saying this
I did accidentally vote in two states
that's not what I'm trying to deny at
all and had you heard of Crisco lock
before all of this no I had not I
thought who we would be looking for is
non-citizens voting or you know you hear
stories of they go into cemeteries and
look for deceased individuals and vote
you know incorrectly that way but to me
that's not what he's finding and I don't
understand why he continues instead
Kovac found an all-american Republican
who voted twice for Donald Trump has
this changed how you feel about voting
and your you know the democratic process
um a little bit yeah it's definitely
I'll definitely make sure that nothing
extra gets sent in for my next vote so
you will vote again you think yeah
not for Crisco block
