the challenges of climate change
continue to get bigger and more complex
leaving scientists with the challenge of
explaining their solutions to the
general public
which they often can't so we invited a
team of researchers from MIT to see if
they can explain their bright idea just
one caveat their audience was a group of
first graders so what are some types of
weather that we have Jaden boggy or
snowy it's rainy Alex
so like like in general could be a
little chilly yeah so what do we call
that the in general weather tonight
climate we had talked about how climate
change we need a lot of ideas if we're
gonna fix it so we couldn't make better
cars that don't run on gasoline like if
that run on apple juice we could make
solar energy that would be pretty cool
so one of the really cool things about
today is that there are some scientists
here who have an idea
my name is old American I'm Sun youngrok
we are working at dim lighting meeting
nonno Bionic plant or in other words
they are making a plants into a lamp
that glows by injecting it with the
enzyme found in fireflies for us to use
an electric city to turn on the light we
have to make a lot of smoke smoke make
the earth like having a fever there you
know fireflies have you everything so we
just borrow the light from fireflies and
put the lights to the tiny bees so how
does the tiny bead get the
the line from the fireflies yes so
Firefly as chemicals within their body
so we just asked them to give some
chemicals please tell them oh no we just
they don't tell them because they're
bugs and bugs don't understand people do
you mean like real barrel or you just
keep it they're not giving it back so so
plan to make their own foot in within
their body from the sunlight a sugar so
it tiny base meet the sugar within the
plant they can make the light that's how
the plant length works so we will make a
plant them by your hands today here this
is sugar from ponds and this is tiny
beads from fireflies you don't see them
because they are so tiny and now we will
give you this plant solution so now we
will add these into your oils
everybody has to close the case where
you go we don't recommend you drinking
yes if you just leave this on they'll
stop going after a few hours because you
burn this literally yeah it's kind of a
fire that burns in the tar there's a
limited amount of a plant energy
solution but when you think of a plant
they keep making sugar right so the glue
may be longer than in a jar sighs what
do you think this could help solve June
what do you think smoke smoke this light
has a smoke but this one does not
it's what we replace these what could
you use this for we can use the foot and
nightlight you could use a parent like
who wants to have this as their night
not life yeah everybody's on forever
forever we are trying really we are
trying yeah we are studying now to make
the light
how about now
you
