so if the goal of the postal service's
just can make money tens of millions of
people will see a decline order doing a
way of basic mail services today
senators considered three nominees for
possibly the unsexiest Commission in
Washington the US Postal Service Board
of Governors boring as it sounds the
board is actually hugely important
it sets rates and signs off on personnel
decisions but it's been sitting mostly
empty since 2010 now the Postal Service
is suddenly getting attention again
because the president's been tweeting
about it and about how in his telling
Amazon is robbing it blind it's really
an attack on Amazon owner Jeff Bezos who
also happens to own the Washington Post
but the president's fixation has opened
the door for the first serious
discussion about the USPS in a long time
and that has won Congressional Mail note
really excited Bernie Sanders has been
waiting for this moment he's full of
ideas about the post office and how to
improve it I'm serious like down to the
smallest detail Christmas time comes you
buy a gift you walk into the Postal
Service you want to mail that gift right
yeah
millions of people do that you know what
postal service cannot wrap that gift for
you by congressional mandate gift
wrapping isn't the only service Sanders
wants to add he thinks your post office
could do so much more firsts and facts
the US Postal Service is huge more than
six hundred thousand employees 157
million delivery sites more than 230,000
vehicles in the fleet but the USPS is
also struggling in the Internet age it
has billions of dollars annual revenue
shortfalls Postal Service is losing
money but they will force the lower the
price of a stamp they are forced to
carry this incredible man
which says they got a pre-fund 75 years
of retiree health care there is no other
agency of government or the private
sector that has to do that that's
brought postal enthusiasts to a
crossroads save the USPS by expanding it
or save it by taking it out of the
government's hands Sanders says you
can't operate the post office like a
private business which is what he's
afraid President Trump wants to do the
president wants to take a broad view of
the Postal Service how we strengthen it
how we make it more responsive to the
consumers of our country that is a good
thing but you know what shock of all
shocks I don't think that is this guy
I think his goal has to do with two
things just like the Veterans
Administration just like Medicare just
like Social Security just like public
education their goal is to privatize
what is so damaging about privatizing
income in the post office from a
business model point of view if you are
a low-income person living in a rural
area at the end of the dirt road the
truth is it is not profitable to send a
mail to you just the fact so if the goal
of the postal service is just to make
money tens of millions of people will
see a decline order doing a way of basic
mail services here's what Sanders would
do instead postal service can make
billions of dollars a.m. by establishing
basic banking services so the
lower-income people have access not to
these payday lenders but to someplace
where they could be treated with respect
that's right under the Sanders model go
to the post office on your lunch break
and you come back well not just see the
stamps but also a new small loan or a
new bank account it's actually makes
some sense because the USPS already has
a location in every American community
it'd be good furniture of consumers and
generate revenue for the Postal Service
which is why post offices in a lot of
other countries already do offer banking
services this is not a conversation
Sanders gets to have very much it's like
this is gonna happen anytime soon but
Sanders is hoping to capitalize on the
post offices moment the spotlight
are you just here talking about this or
is there like a bunch of people and the
Senate that want to talk about this cuz
I just don't hear about it very much
that's not a lot of people talking so
this is the this is like a you issue you
think no no no no it's not just a
burning issue it is an issue that you
know it comes and it goes and now it's
back because Trump aged the Washington
Post you've got something like that
you
you
