tonight beneath the rubble of Mosel what
tariffs mean for farmers and YouTube's
war on gun videos
Mosul's old city saw the heaviest
fighting in the war against Isis
only a fraction of the families who
lived here before have been able to move
back
nine months on there are still corpses
littering the neighborhood and it's
making life unbearable
aku Jesus I mean la scene with silver
Belmont aha
and if any Hercules Matt IV Hannity ha
ha la la cebra models will ballot
election touch the Mary Hart show for
the hotel would you say to the kids
about the situation and she is been
announced by Namco booth by telling
fujairah yeah any higher to demolish if
it canals without Elizabeth Butler's
without Alicia there is one group trying
to solve this project volunteers who've
taken on the grim task of removing the
dead from the rubble the team is led by
swirl Husseini a former nurse who's just
23 years old
many of the others are even younger some
are medical students others just friends
with no formal training and handling
corpses so far they say they've pulled
and Bank more than 350 there's no porn
for human many of these remains are Isis
fighters one reason so many have been
left untouched is the deep loathing
authorities have for their former
occupies the other mother
why just as Makaha like I said before
morale well how can anybody be Konami
well Carla no held of Malcolm Uche and
this change it's a - moments foreign
exchange at the - trocar back there the
clubroom can talk whenever so my an imam
then we can care about convenient
today Hosseini and her crew were
responding to a call from reffered
Mohammad a local business owner who
wants to reopen stores in his building
which was severely damaged in an air
strike he's waited five months for
authorities to do something about this
foot sticking out of the ground
what sometimes you really can be not
ethnic American community as somebody
hours of cash in our ugly a lot happened
Georgia nice here my sis news buildings
like this to launch attacks hiding from
security forces by tunneling from the
work is time-consuming it takes about an
hour for the say knees team to remove
this one body
so he was here as a prisoner yeah yeah
Yankee didn't we're doing a perfect and
this looks like a bullet I want Andrea
be Italian and they're shaky de la etapa
hey America vs anikan own at America
medina hotel you - what American -
patella - koala me
it's dangerous one because this
unexploded ordinance hidden in the
rubble and even attached to the bodies a
little bloody
it's a boom yeah humble Joba Maru ha ha
- aah - ha ha ha
Larry Pakistan Libya hi WTVI - no hi
come Bella that's a grenade in there
yeah you have it in that Hammond nose
experiment that has even a server like
warts and what kind of explosive belts
yeah
the bodies are labeled and left for
municipal workers to dispose of them but
they can end up sitting for days before
being picked up a couple of blocks away
in Alameda the district of the old city
where Isis made its last stand
there's a site that the team has been
working on for weeks in the basement of
a collapsed building
I mean he's ever seen
yellow
and yet a 100 budget oh my god
there are dozens and dozens of bodies in
this room we don't know how many for
sure
the team's saying more than a hundred
just in here it's the most horrific
thing I've ever seen
there's children's skulls we don't know
who these people are or who killed them
but the scene here is absolutely
horrific
1 out of selfish Ramona - yeah
the other senses
Cassini's volunteers have only pulled 30
corpses from the room so far and they
still don't know what happened here
how does Schumer Banyan cooler sugandha
cut that I did not be miserable you
Jude me sad mood should add fun laser
photo challenge another condo and cool
have jacket or lacking legit doctor UCB
harder more both Isis and Iraqi security
forces have been accused of carrying out
executions as the battle for most
attractive but the evidence has often
been hard to find this entire area was
closed off for weeks after the fighters
Husseini and her team said there'd been
no formal investigation of the site and
moses city officials told us they were
overwhelmed by the sheer number of
bodies that need Examiner dr. Kenan and
more just cells men have taken be
attacked a fantastic element enough
religious as other digital circuit
module etc of just wine is tomorrow
attacker in Canaan is tomorrow so not
general man Jamel Jabari was the top
commander leading the fight to reclaim
Mosul when the battle began
he's now stationed here at one of Saddam
Hussein's former palaces in East Mosel
focused on making sure Isis doesn't come
back investigating reports of atrocities
during the fighting doesn't seem as high
a priority I mean we saw a room full of
bodies women and children that are still
there it seems like that was the scene
of some kind of a crime a mass execution
it's just in the made an area we have
pictures of it so for example this I
mean there were probably dozens of
bodies in one room I mean do you think
is there any investigation that's being
done into into these places into those
crimes it's not my job there's another
agency we'll make some education about
that but I think I thought many of them
human shell and some or many of them
also the families of Isis writers is it
possible that these people were killed
by Iraqi forces in the final days of the
battle there many of them killed by Isis
fighters we don't know exactly what
happened in this place who killed those
people but
have they had a proper human rights
investigation made about this I think
some human rights from which he and the
central government did some
investigation about but Human Rights
experts told us they weren't aware of
any investigation of the site and they
were concerned about the bodies being
removed because it could be destroying
critical evidence but for the people who
actually live in Mosul there's only one
urgent goal right now making the city
livable again even if it means
forgetting the worst of what happened
here Aquino leading us to judge I'm
relatively Makaha de Ojo Maduekwe VG sir
economy - la nariz nostalgic American
Muslim a lasagna - javi and her
President Trump promised today that even
though he may be starting a trade war
with China American farmers would come
out ahead if during the course of a
negotiation they want to hit the farmers
because they think that hits me will
make it up to them and in the end
they're gonna be much stronger than they
are right now but growers like Steve
Frick come on let's go cows who runs a
small farm in Illinois and serves as
president of the local County Farm
Bureau are already feeling the pain
we're about half done with what we have
for calving and we have about ten more
they'll have babies here pretty soon so
it's all your farm like everything I can
see right now Oh almost everything you
can see there's a little bit over there
that's it belongs to the neighbor we
grow corn soybeans wheat and a little
bit of hay to feed the cows we've made
our plans for the year and now here in
one day they changed our whole plan it's
only sabre-rattling at this point but
it's already taken some effect yeah yeah
and so no there's nothing we can do
about that
this year was supposed to be the first
time in about 35 years that the United
States has grown more soybeans than corn
because there was more money in soybeans
right now for just for the state of
Illinois we took about two hundred
million dollars out of farmers pockets
with this drop in price since the tariff
is announced while his gross income
should be about two hundred and forty
thousand dollars Frick said the proposed
tariffs will knock off about 20 percent
of that but his expenses as much as a
hundred and eighty thousand dollars a
year won't change the bottom line Frick
usually Nets at least sixty thousand
dollars this year he expects to make a
fraction of that can you do anything to
fix that I mean to make up the money
are you just taking a hit we're just
gonna we will take a hit as we look at
that field we just needed how many
dollars of loss is that going to be for
us for this fall we still have to plant
it because we still have to have
something come in we just know that
we're not going to come out ahead
so you're Republican and you supported
Donald Trump in 2016 mm-hm why did you
support him I I think the biggest reason
that I supported him is because I still
believe in individual you know
individual responsibility and smaller
government it was interesting to see how
the economy of the country has changed
in this short time since this election
has taken place we're glad to see
America get stronger you've got to be a
little bit disappointed though that that
sort of change in public positive growth
comes at your expense it does you know
and that is difficult agriculture
kind of sometimes is at odds with some
of the economy in our country so we knew
that we were gonna have to pay some
price we just didn't to pay on the whole
price I have to say it sounds a little
bit like president Trump sort of lifts
farmers behind well that's a little bit
how we're feeling US farmers we're
resilient we'll make it work some way
we've done that for a long time I don't
want to say that I don't support the
Republican Party right now or or
President Trump but there's the some of
his issues I'd sure like to see
different
last week a furious youtuber walked into
the company's headquarters in San Bruno
California and shot three employees
before killing herself
the shooter claimed that YouTube had
been censoring her videos and preventing
her from making a living it's called D
monetization and it's a tool that
YouTube is using to clamp down on
content that it thinks advertisers could
find objectionable or they could
encourage violence including as it
happens videos about guns
in the column and crawl kisara make gun
videos on YouTube their hobby is gunner
for Carl this is a part-time game and
Ian makes gun content for a living
yeah it's reporting okay great so I'm
starting a direction you know hey guys
thanks for tuning in to another video on
in range TV they started putting out
videos in 2015 and quickly earned a
devoted following so guys don't buy
specialized $7 parts to install magazine
button releases use your banana thanks
Carl and IANS channel now has one
hundred forty seventy thousand
subscribers Carl's other channel
forgotten weapons has more than seven
hundred thousand subscribers when you
started doing these videos what was the
response that you got in range really
hit a different part of the firearms
video marketplace that really didn't
exist before taking these old guns and
actually using them practically and
actually explained to people this is how
this gun would have worked it really
caught on with people I think partially
because people use these guns and video
games and they want to go wow what is it
fg42 work like or how does an m1 garand
work when you're actually trying to hit
a target like how much money we make
gosh I mean according to YouTube's Terms
of Service you are not allowed to
discuss what I make on YouTube I'm
serious
right now that's actually true in range
was not at the point that I would say
that you could sustain yourself off it
as a career no not remotely close but it
certainly paid for the project after
major advertisers complained about their
ads running against controversial
content YouTube started to de monetize
blocking certain videos from generating
ad that made it harder for Carl and Ian
to make money to me it felt like
advertising money was used being used as
a control tool in that it told the line
or you don't get monic monetization and
if I I don't take kindly to that sort of
thing so at that point pretty much said
I don't want it I don't want your
advertising money I realized that the
customer wasn't the viewer and it wasn't
me it was the advertiser and I didn't
want to be their product so by D
monetizing the channel entirely we went
to a fully crowd-sourced funding
solution only saying pretty much to the
viewer if you want this project to
survive and you like it and you have to
support it this breaks the chains of
control that the advertising money could
be used against us in range TV has
survived D monitors
for now they have about 5,000 patreon
supporters who give a few dollars each
month but that's important to go away
any time losing the ad dollars means
they can't count on steady income from
their video views and now in the wake of
the parkland school shooting YouTube has
issued even stricter rules for gun
content which will go into effect later
this month and right now in range is
breaking at least two of those rules
first they link to sites of niche gun
sellers who send them expensive and rare
weapons to demo it's like the Luger they
were shooting here base price on this is
5800 they also feature high-capacity
magazines like this vintage barrel this
holds 32 rounds it was used in the Luger
near artillery Luger as well as the MP
18 submachine gun which was one of their
secret weapons we asked you to buy it
decided to make this change the company
responded it quote routinely makes
updates and adjustments to our
enforcement guidelines across all of our
policies and confirmed that the new
policy would go into effect later this
month but that's not really an answer my
question to YouTube is why do you have
specific policies for firearms related
content when there's a lot of other
content on your network that is
demonstrable dangerous people that are
saying things like for example drink
turpentine for better health and with a
link in their description below to where
you should buy turpentine okay if he can
link to a place to sell turpentine and
promote the consumption of turpentine in
his video series why is it now a problem
for me by policy to link to someone
selling an optic for a fire why do you
think YouTube thinks guns are
controversial because it's really
blatantly obvious question I think it's
one of the same it's a cultural
zeitgeist so we've had some things that
have happened in history or news they
effects corporate policy the problem
isn't that there's a cultural
distinction here there about the weather
firearm should or should not be
controversial what concerns me is the
amount of control things like YouTube
Facebook the alphabet Corp have over
whether or not you have a voice on the
internet about legal content Trump and
his Justice Department are moving to ban
bumps
what have you were making videos with
bump stocks so what should youtube dear
well let me say I think I should leave
it watching a video is not an illegal
act learning information are learning
about how things work should not be an
illegal act unless we're wanting to move
into a dark age if we really want to
call information dangerous where does
that stop hi my name is Ruben Nielsen
and I'm in a band called unknown Mortal
Orchestra long love we're just hi is
about a relationship where you
experience so much of it on Molly or
some kind of drug that you can't really
trust that what you're feeling is real I
actually used what a tune I've never
used that before
I always thought attune ruined the sound
for some reason I put it on the focal
just for a joke and then I thought it
sounded cool
I wrote the song and the Wurlitzer and I
was also thinking about Supertramp it's
that electric piano sound it's very
seventies kind of snow
I wanted to just like kind of clunk all
the way through and I didn't ever get to
the point where I felt like they needed
to be more sophisticated so halfway
through the song says hi-hat and kick
drum car starts building tension secret
of my drum phasing I want to take that
to the grave but I will say it's not a
phaser or any kind of fading device
that's a holding it's a
I was just almost ready to like delete
the song and just not have it on the
album because there wasn't anything like
reflective in it so I just started
fooling around with a sense to try and
add some notes that might give a bit
more feeling that piano village should
start love a crescendo gödel peak and
then kind of end up where began built
from like a memory of songs I heard when
I was when I was younger and just create
my version of what what I remember it
feeling like it's that piano man thing
that's vice news tonight for Monday
April 9th
you
you
