I don't think North Korea is going to
give up its nuclear weapons so Kim
jong-un needs to come to the summit with
Donald Trump with some kind of you
president Trump will come sell Korean
president moon jae-in to the White House
today and through some cold water on
plans for next month's summit with North
Korea there's a very substantial chance
and it won't work out and that's okay
that doesn't mean it won't work out over
a period of time but it may not work out
for June 12th but as part of the
preparations for those talks North Korea
has been saying it'll offer up a
dramatic goodwill gesture this week
dismantling Hungary the site where
they've tested six bombs and underground
explosions and the letting foreign
journalists witness it the thing is
North Korea's put on a similar demo in
the past and it doesn't necessarily mean
Kim jong-un is ready to give up his
nukes on June 27th 2008 after years of
negotiations with the United States and
other countries North Korea tried to
show the world it was serious about
striking a nuclear deal they invited
international media to watch them blow
up a cooling tower at the Jung Byung
nuclear facility which had previously
supplied plutonium for use in nuclear
bombs at that point North Korea had only
conducted one underground nuclear test
and that explosion was relatively small
negotiations ended up falling apart in
2009 but North Korea was able to keep
conducting nuclear tests in part because
they didn't actually need the cooling
tower to build bombs over the next eight
years North Korea tested five more bombs
and seismology data indicates that each
was bigger than the last the first test
was probably a failure and it was really
small in terms of the power of the
explosive you know is only the
equivalent of a few tons of TNT the last
nuclear explosion was a few hundred
kilotons of TNT which is to say about
ten times bigger than the bombs that
leveled Hiroshima and Nagasaki
yes Luis and his team used data from
satellites and seismologists to create a
3d model of the test site and the
tunnels below it and what they found was
surprising the tunnel setup looked
similar to the one the u.s. used for its
own nuclear tests in Nevada it seems
like North Korea didn't reinvent the
wheel but instead went back to
declassified American and probably
Soviet publications in order to figure
out how to bury and space their tunnels
the last underground explosion in
September of 2017 was so big that it
created a massive cavity in the mountain
big enough to fit the Statue of Liberty
inside after the test that cavity
collapsed which set off speculation that
North Korea's just making a show of
closing the test site because it can't
use it anyway and as Kim jong-un himself
noted and we can see in satellite
photographs there are two other large
tunnel complexes in two different
mountains that are totally fine another
thing experts worry about is that North
Korea will only close the entrances to
the tunnels which could give them the
option of reopening the tunnels and
using them later north Korea has dug
these massive tunnel complexes into Rock
it's not easy to get rid of them my
guess is that what North Korea will do
is collapse some of the tunnels maybe
the entrances and then seal them with
concrete that renders the test site
unusable but not forever and it's not
like North Korea has a shortage of
mountains or people to dig new tunnels
recent satellite imagery shows that
North Korea is removing buildings and
equipment from the site ahead of the
upcoming demolition well that's not
necessarily unusual Luis says it could
prevent international inspectors from
getting valuable information about the
size and type of weapons that North
Korea's used their inspectors could have
taken environmental samples in order to
determine how sophisticated North
Korea's nuclear weapons capabilities
were they probably would have been like
kids in a candy store I think that's
probably why we see trucks at the site
now carting all the good stuff off
the test that North Korea conducted
there helped them build an unknown
number of bombs and now Trump is gonna
see what he can get out of the
negotiation I don't think North Korea is
going to give up its nuclear weapons so
Kim jong-un needs to come to the summit
with Donald Trump with some kind of gift
some kind of deliverable I think closing
the Test Site and promising not to
conduct future nuclear tests is a pretty
good thing that he can give Trump that
will make the summit atmosphere more
pleasant North Korea closing the test
site is going to look great on
television they're going to fly in a
whole bunch of journalists we'll set up
cameras and then they're going to blow
up the entrances to the tunnels which
will make the mountains shake it's great
TV even if it isn't really disarmament
you
