we do not advise that anyone watching
this video do what is about to be done
here on October 17
Tristan Roberts an activist and software
engineer injected himself with a
solution that he hoped would modify his
genes to cure his HIV first I want to
dedicate this to all the people who have
died while not being able to access
treatment even though those treatments
were available
Tristan stopped taking conventional HIV
meds two years ago because he hated the
side effects instead he tried an
experimental gene-therapy developed by a
startup called ascendance biomedical
this therapy that you're injecting
yourself is what is it how does it work
it's pretty much like a small circular
piece of DNA and it contains the
instructions to create an antibody they
found this antibody being expressed by
someone who wasn't taking their medicine
whose de NIH researchers and this
antibody it binds to a part of the virus
and that prevents the virus from being
able to latch on to my cells it's giving
my body of the instructions on how to do
it
so ascendance found that paper took that
research how did they do that it's the
internet right it's like a lot of
information is becoming publicly
available and this is fueling the the
bio hacking revolution the first round
of Tristan's gene therapy didn't work
but instead of going back on his
fda-approved meds
Tristan flew to Jacksonville Florida to
try and modified dose
ascendance biomechanical is run by one
guy Aaron Traywick what's different
about ascendance compared to your
typical biomechanical company we work
directly with the public and try and
maintain a public transparency that is
necessary in order to facilitate greater
and greater levels of access both to our
compounds as well as to self
experimentation in general
philosophically the idea is to get new
treatments to people faster than the
FDA's approval process allows because
that process in the view of most
biohackers is slow expensive and
corrupted by Big Pharma practically it
means ascendance develops experimental
compounds for people who want to be
their own guinea pigs Aaron is 28 years
old and he has no training in medicine
but he believes in what he's doing at
least enough to test another gene
therapy this one for herpes on himself
at a biohacking conference
how is ascendance biomedical funded
where does the money come from so we are
primarily self-funded by our founders I
am a majority investor are you planning
on getting any kind of return on that
investment of course there's a return on
the investment but it's more a long game
than anything else it's illegal to
market something as medicine if it
hasn't been approved by the FDA but lots
of chemicals are sold as research
compounds typically for science
experiments and even though companies
can't market these for human consumption
legally speaking people are free to try
them on themselves if they want what's
different about what Tristan is doing
because that's not a normal clinic
clinic trial there's not that much
different what Tristan is doing than
what's already legally allowed by the
FDA through the FDA's compassionate use
programs it makes sense as a company to
provide those therapies to individuals
who want to
experiment but just because you can
experiment on yourself
does that mean you should Karin masky is
a researcher at the Hastings Center
which helped establish the field of
bioethics there were reasons that rules
were put in place about which drugs for
medical purposes can't get on the market
and those rules were put in place
because people were harmed by people
many who were lay people who were
concocting potions in their kitchens and
even if they weren't harmed they were
spending money on on products that
didn't work so even if Tristan Roberts
injects himself with this gene therapy
and it works is it good or safe for him
to then go promulgating that therapy
that's the question
is the claim that it that thing you're
calling it actually had the effect that
you're seeing and that's hard to detect
with one person nobody knows exactly how
many biohacking companies there are but
they're out there
sometimes in nondescript strip malls
like this one where a sentence
biomedical rent space for one of their
DIY labs as lab manager ascendants hired
gabriel escena a biohacker with a
biology degree from the University of
Washington this is all like really basic
lab stuff it's like really
straightforward stuff we've got our
mammalian cell incubator here various
devices for spinning things this cool
little guy is totally an airsoft rifle
for shooting genetic material into cells
okay this is minus 166 it's totally like
a sci-fi movie Shh and we got like a
little back room this is this is where I
store my nerds
biohacking is just kind of this thing
that everybody is decided to use as a
rebranding of I'm doing science and I'm
not doing it in a university but at the
end of the day you're just doing science
Gabe is a die-hard believer in open
source he thinks that the fruits of
biohacking should be owned by no one and
available to everyone for free one of
the sweetest things about open source is
if you do good work
people give you money if somebody does
doesn't want to pay you also should be
okay
telling somebody they have to pay you
you're going to be sick unless you have
money is kind of not cool so we're gonna
do something cool and we're gonna see
what happens that has led to friction
between Gabe and Aaron the CEO what's
your opinion of Aaron end of ascendance
biomedic the boat floats I'm just not
100% sure about captain or the crew the
night before tristan roberts was
supposed to inject himself with the
second round of HIV therapy we met up
with the ascendance biomedical crew for
dinner it's like you want to make the
things so that everyone owns it and you
want to own the thing no I want to make
the thing so that everybody can benefit
from it
whatever gets it to the most people as
quickly as possible and actually a leave
this way to get it - a lot of people
give it away for free and I don't think
we've ever seen that open source has
been able to do that oh really do you
want to talk about Linux or are you in
everyone the entire world access to
everything that you're doing then you
leave the door wide open for unsavory
and potentially negative players to take
that technology and do things that can
hurt themselves and that can hurt other
people but ultimately that can hurt the
field okay let's say that you let's say
that your treatment works right for you
who then has control over that well
ultimately it depends on the clinical
development and how we're able to
partner with nonprofits NGOs and
hospital network service to say he does
the only thing that I'm saying here is
that it requires a lot of different
partnerships outside of our group and so
ma are you going to be able to
distribute it are you going to be the
one who to go
she ate with the government's and the
embassies and make sure they can
actually go into the country so you are
assuming executive control I've not
heard any offers to get involved in
those processes by anyone else it's just
fun story I'll just not do lab work baby
we're working through it by the next
morning things between them had gone
even worse we're here at the lab where
the therapy was supposed to be delivered
today it has not been delivered we
really just don't know what's going to
happen as it turned out the HIV
treatment wasn't ready for testing in
the fight over who should own ascendance
biomedical products oiled over we caught
up with Aaron later that day so what
just happened
Gabriel who served as our lab manager
and Justin who served as the laboratory
technician have been effectively kicked
out of the lab space and the locks have
been changed a big part of the mission
of ascendance biomedical is showing that
this kind of research science can happen
outside of the conventional
institutional structures I have to be
honest what we've seen so far this week
doesn't inspire a ton of confidence well
the only way that I ever want the world
to see us is as a never ending fight
against these diseases
that night the CEO carried his lab crews
personal equipment to the curb and
Tristan Roberts was forced to reconsider
the merits of Big Pharma so what do you
think this says more broadly about bio
hockey it's going to be hard to ever
scale it up beyond sort of
do-it-yourself kits where you maybe can
do it to one person but doing it to
dozens hundreds of people it's always
going to require investment almost
always are you going to go back on your
antiretroviral medication do you think
at least for a time I've been off of it
for two years and it's probably for the
best
suppressive for a while
