people around the world watch 1 billion
hours of YouTube videos every day and
that makes a lot of money for the
company as much as 10 billion dollars in
ad revenue last year according to one
estimate and YouTube does very little to
police that content when it does it's
usually only after the public notices
something egregious recommending violent
videos to kids or promoting fake news
after school shootings but one thing
YouTube hasn't addressed is the host of
explicit videos on the site created by
self-styled dating coaches who promise
to teach men how to manipulate women
into sex even if they say no it was that
guy's Justin Wayne here this is Justin
Wayne one of the most popular so called
seduction artists on YouTube his videos
have scored millions of views and his
channel has a hundred and twenty seven
thousand subscribers Wayne tries to
prove that his tips work by posting what
he calls infield videos or lay reports
hidden camera footage of him picking up
seemingly unsuspecting women Wayne
sometimes partially masks the identity
of the women in his videos suggesting
that they did not consent to be filmed
Wayne claims he gets permission for the
videos that he posts online but he
didn't blur their faces because of any
enforced standards from YouTube we've
added additional blurring to protect
their identities Wayne isn't the only
questionable character who operates with
impunity on the site
he's just the one who invited us to
watch how he does it thanks for coming
out this is gonna be a very very simple
talk it's really just about helping you
guys out with you guys alright now I
don't want to go into too much like
random theory I want to hit the juggler
most of time you just not probably ton
of touch the girls early enough that's
number one and by not touching her or
try and touch her you know it's easy to
get friendzone at that point according
to his website Wayne's weekend boot
camps cost nine
$99 he brought along a Russian woman
named Jenny she also appears in Wayne's
YouTube videos initially as one of his
targets but now he claims she's one of
his girlfriend's proof that his methods
work you know you wanted to be
touchy-feely right away in the right way
and we have it something called the
orders of touch okay I might want to
borrow you okay just come here right
so the order to touch is basically look
you can start with for example like high
fives hand stuff and you can go here
right the elbow this way then you can go
shoulder and at this point is when you
can probably go closer then you can do
like Clabby nose to nose mouth to mouth
boobs and it goes down right in general
what do you want in the end for me I
kind of just want to be able to to me
like the girls that I'm attracted to you
gotta me you know kinda like what you
have going okay whatever yeah but are
you teaching them to be assholes
oh no Neffe no I'm not saying I haven't
used any asshole tactics yet with them
teach them how to be men and you tell
guys when a girl says no to respect that
of course I mean actually that's why we
have you know these programs who teach
how to gauge and levels of touch it's
not even it's about it's not about them
getting like a getting in trouble in
court it just about them getting the
girl like if he over does it Nicole
wasn't comfortable it's you know he
would lower the chances it's all about
pay attention to where she is and that's
been very successful myself and for a
lot of my students how you guys ever
gave me the beats before you're gonna
have to start making moves okay so there
are some girls over there but they look
no no what what you guys to do now make
it easier for me look around for for
like maybe two girls or something a one
girl laying down see that woman standing
next to him that's another one of
Wayne's supposed girlfriend's introduced
to us as Kelly from Finland before
leaving for the beach we'd put a mic on
Wayne and we're rolling when he got into
an argument with Kelly as it
he threatened not to pay her she's not
cooperating and Ernie's one kind of
apparent exploitation we found another
get this over me because I'm only
here for the money I'm nothing I want to
pay a visit if you embarrass me in
camera I can do anything in one I get to
remember I'm always gonna have more
weapons and stuff like that okay
just don't look at leaves okay
I'm going to lose it all some crazy like
that I always been created sy put goes
online and and Nick for years that no
one does anything to me mister me if you
don't trust me this is doing this night
after this
Wayne insisted we interview her are you
just an innovation chip yes
how long four years huh okay and do you
have a tattoo yeah what is it mate he's
name his name why did you get his name
tattooed I love him oh okay
Wayne scolded Kelly for her performance
afterward we repeatedly tried to talk to
Kelly alone but she refused or Wayne
intervened do you get their permission
to put them on wine yeah of course I
mean yeah a lot of times I'm sake Jenny
for example she I told her and she was
like okay and they don't like if they
don't want to I just not show anything
yeah simple she said that video is up
for a month before you told her about it
no she knew that they bit of a poster
she just didn't ask me like when it was
posted so that's a clarification OTT she
told me and so is everything that
happens in the video real yes did you
pay Jenny or Kelly no did you pay them
to be on camera win while we were here
no you didn't pay either of them helps
she would do it for me because I'm good
to her as a you know as a boyfriend I
heard you say that you wouldn't pay her
if she didn't do the interview and make
you look good oh yeah I told you it
interview well always I'm not going to
be there / in general not pay us now it
that's not what you threatened
basically I just like yo you know come
on you can do this you know see I know
I'm scary
come on don't do this you make me upset
you know was like upset because she
seemed and she also seemed upset about
the camp thing I don't know if anybody
wanna do this you know like you know I
got done a lot for you I noticed that
like a lot of the girls in your
our foreign why is that so you know the
American goes also but a lot of them are
foreign because you know New York and
Miami is a lot of foreign girls well
it's kind of some water you know this is
not like you know something that you
guys know excuse me uh-huh
I prefer just to talk to you about like
my teachings yeah I don't want to create
anything worse like too much about like
fishness about me like really
mistreating people for days after our
interview we took down all his beauty
videos a day later he released this
cryptic message announcing his
retirement kind of for now I'm just kind
of like relaxing you know sometimes
everyone needs a break but less than a
week after that he put a few of the old
videos back online
we asked YouTube of the sorts of videos
that Wayne and others post violate the
platform's Terms of Service we also
asked as the site ran ads on them and
what mechanisms YouTube has in place to
prevent such content from existing on
the site in the first place in response
a YouTube spokesperson provided a short
statement about their privacy complaint
process even if Justin Wayne ends up
quitting the Internet there will be
plenty of other pickup artists to take
his place as well as creators of every
other shade of questionable disturbing
or potentially illegal content and for
now YouTube will be there to take a cut
that's the beautiful thing about this
stuff it is just you know elegant work
of art beautiful of science art
everything in one
you
you
