do opossums belong in New Zealand when
they came here they started to eat our
birds eggs and even ate the chicks do I
normally talk about how we kill things
but if any opossums Rhett's totes or
weasels in New Zealand are we going to
have any of our endemic native birds
left so these guys don't belong do
though so they'll need to go
Christine Daniel is an environmental
studies teacher at Sunny Hills primary
school in Auckland New Zealand for the
past year she's been teaching all 600 of
her students aged 5 to 11 to kill as
many rats possums and stoats as possible
bass and we're going to come and check
this tomorrow if we do find some more
footprints then we're going to put out
some traps okay we're special in New
Zealand where isolated we're far away
from everywhere we have one of the
highest numbers of endemic populations
of birds in the world if our kakapo get
all killed or our Kiwi or archaea or our
tui you're not going to find those
anywhere else in the world christine has
good reason to worry about the birds
with the exception of a few bat species
there are no terrestrial mammals native
to New Zealand so for millions of years
flightless birds and reptiles thrive
there but that all changed when humans
came along with rats possums and ferret
like animals called stoats in tow today
those mammals are responsible for the
death of around 25 million of the
country's native birds each year so the
kids at Sunny Hills are fighting back by
setting traps around the school and
making posters we're going in here oh my
what are these posters so these are
wanted posters this is here that wanted
name ferret crime killing new zones
beautiful birds which are the animals
that you want to kill the most kill some
of these children are really young they
might see a stoat Stokes are actually
adorable how do you teach kids that we
need to get rid of these animals here
you're right
stouts are adorable if you look at
pictures of opossums dad gorgeous I'm
running a bit of a propaganda campaign
and you know we can show the fierce
pictures because if you think of
opossums in Australia they're
vegetarians they can be cute in
Australia but they can't be cute here
because they've actually evolved to eat
our birds eggs and chicks
it's a sad irony that I am teaching them
a bit about killing soft furry animals
but to preserve our beautiful
environment here in New Zealand we need
to win the hearts and minds of the kids
Christine and her students aren't the
sole protectors of New Zealand's native
birds for decades the Department of
Conservation has maintained small
pest-free reserves like the toff Aranui
open sanctuary where native birds can
live in peace getting to this point has
involved killing quite a few invasive
mammals but that's nothing compared with
what the government is attempting to do
now in 2016
New Zealand announced an ambitious
initiative called predator free 2050
which aims to eradicate every single rat
possum and stoat from the country in
just over 30 years according to a study
from 2015 this would cost the government
around 6.5 billion dollars so kind of
break this down for me the plan is to
get rid of every single rat stoat and
possum how many animals is actually
amount to that's too many to count so
we're talking also estimates around
about perhaps between somewhere between
30 to 70 million possums in the country
at least 100 million rats in the country
in a country of four and a half million
people Dan Tompkins is in charge of the
science strategy for predator free
twenty-fifty limited the
government-created company tasked with
making this ambitious plan a reality
this goal of getting rid of all these
predators has this ever been done before
right so no it hasn't so this is a world
first to be fair
other places in the world have succeeded
with smaller eradication projects like
the goats in the Galapagos but what New
Zealand is trying to do at this scale is
unprecedented if New Zealand were to
stop all management of predators right
now what would happen to the birds we
would most likely use more than 95% of
our native bird life do you have the
tools that you need to get rid of stoats
and in rats I think most people agree
that that would be too hard right now we
can do pretty well at giving them down
to low enough numbers that benefits the
native biodiversity but if we really
wanted to eradicate from large areas
we're gonna need something new what
Tompkins is talking about is genetic
targeting and engineering but New
Zealand scientists are nowhere near
ready to deploy these tactics so in the
meantime one company is taking a
different approach by fully committing
to the know your enemy principle all of
these were born in the wild caught in
the wild
how many stoats do you have here so we
have at the moment we've got 22 Tom
Agnew is the predator behavior team
leader for the nonprofit zero invasive
Predators or zip he showed us the
testing field where zip staff try to get
in the heads of their adversaries what
exactly is going on here
one of the things that Zeb's interested
in doing is testing the traditional
predator fin time of 1.8 meters which is
a height that's it in New Zealand in
other countries for cats are we able to
reduce that predator fence height so
that it's more socially acceptable but
also more economic as well so this is
kind of the cutting edge of of stoat
opossum and rat fencing is that what
you're telling me it's pretty basic it's
really simple but then that's why I love
this trial so much
besides making a lower fence zip is also
developing pest detection tools and an
electric cattle grid that zaps intruders
this approach illustrates one of the
biggest challenges the country faces
it's going to take a ton of tools to
kill hundreds of millions of animals and
even that might not make them a pest
free nation for me it's about you know
the identity as a New Zealand er I mean
don't get me wrong these guys are
amazing creatures they're really clever
they're really intelligent yes but they
are also you know ferocious killing
machines to us
you
