this is the regular Sunday service for
the congregation of Theodore thus to
date the Vsevolod Chaplin has been
leading worship here for the last two
years before that he was the official
spokesman for the Russian Orthodox
Church if it would happen to this church
fairly typical of what happened to
churches during the Soviet times most of
the churches here in the center of
Moscow a hollow brush or most netted
graders in their thirties how long did
it take to reconstruct this a few years
yeah almost from nothing like most
churches in Moscow Chaplin's was largely
destroyed under communism
after the Revolution of 1917 the Soviets
moved to stamp out organized faith they
stripped the religion from education
arrested clergymen and ordered the
destruction of many of Russia's grand
cathedrals including this one christ the
savior which has blown up to make room
for a public swimming pool chaplains a
polarizing hardliner
he lost his job in part because he
openly criticized Kremlin officials over
what he saw as their lack of piety but
when he was in office he participated in
the church's latest transformations a
close alliance we were very much
oppressed during the Soviet rule now the
church is free and what is even more
important we don't have an opportunity
nowadays to try to influence different
spheres of the life of the society is
Vladimir Putin good for the church here
I don't think he is the best possible
choice but he is the best of all the
options we had since 1917 in Moscow
today the church seems to be everywhere
under Putin huge swaths of land have
been transferred back to religious
ownership and thousands of new churches
have been built or restored at a rate of
almost three a day by church figures
more than 70 percent of Russians
identify as Russian Orthodox up from 30%
at the end of the Soviet Union and the
church's conservative social values are
now becoming law as the government
clamps down on free expression gay
rights and competing religious sects so
there is a kind of an agreement between
Putin's administration and and and the
patriarchy bor√•s phallic of a professor
at the Center for Religious Studies at
the Russian State University says this
transformation is more than just a
religious awakening
what does Putin trying to gain and get
out of the church relationship church is
still popular among the majority of
Russian people and it makes him
legitimate you know in their eyes he's
supported by the church it's good at a
certain time he decided to turn to the
right it was his famous speech in Munich
when he said that we are surrounded by
enemies we're betrayed by the Western
countries and it was the beginning of
the ideology of the fortress and that's
how the ideology of traditional values
came to the service the Alliance has
proven mutually beneficial for Putin in
the church but it's also created new
strains
we do - Victoria Mironova was raised
Russian Orthodox but she rarely attended
church then in 2015 Church came to her
the government designated the small park
outside her home as the site of a future
chapel part of a project to construct
200 Orthodox churches across Moscow
stretching everything not yester move it
there's for my elites and Villanova
began a weekly vigil protest the parish
which still happens every Sunday
initiatives to you sertanejo church from
Turkey and his native rocker escape
reversal Network
this all started because the government
gave this land to the church so who's
really the responsible party is that the
government or is it the church Kaneesha
Prime Minister Mohammad Fahad Yadav Park
he noble diattou Carson
Yamaguchi mutual cartoons - it's a Spitz
and I would with the provocateurs
strongly needs a total prick revised
proposal new year on Assam Jerusalemites
motion for teachers Kim's rock bottom
what do you think that Putin wants from
the church Louis de Canas not the very
idea of separation of church and state
is alien to the author looks
civilization is a peculiarity of the
West there's another interpretation no
more that there's a more cynical
calculation on on Putin's part that he
sees in the church a vehicle to
consolidate and expand power in the way
he would like to well it's an
explanation a very simplified
explanation which we often Mahurin see
in the West you know by I think what's
needed to adapt to
his own people lane ian kershaw garbage
off didn't listen to all the people on
failed important will soon
you
