tonight Putin's holy Alliance a museum
for racist artifacts and what the
is this
deandre harris a black man who is beaten
and badly hurt during the white
nationalist rally in Charlottesville
last August has been found not guilty of
assault prosecutors claimed that before
he was beaten Harris hit a white
nationalist on the back of the head but
today a judge determined that Harris
hadn't intended to harm the man for man
accused of attacking Harris have each
been charged with malicious wounding and
three of them have pleaded not guilty so
far president Trump succeeded in heading
off some intra-party drama today when he
publicly called on a Republican
challenger to drop out of the Nevada
Senate race Danny Tarkanian
the son of legendary basketball coach
Jerry Tarkanian had been set to
challenge incumbent Dean Heller Heller
is the Republican senator most in danger
of losing his seat in the general
election and a primary against Tarkanian
would have weakened him even more
earlier this week tarkanian told a local
paper there was zero chance at
reconsider but after Trump's tweet today
Tarkanian 's wife confirmed that he
would in fact pull out and run for
Congress instead New York's honkers
woman Louise slaughter died today at 88
slaughter was serving her 16th term in
Congress a micro biologist by training
she was the first woman to chair the
powerful House Rules Committee and was a
co-author of the Violence Against Women
Act House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
said she was heartbroken and called
slaughter a trailblazer the Capitals
flags will fly at half-staff in her
honor
South African prosecutors have renewed
corruption charges against former
President Jacob Zuma who is forced to
step down last month dis allegations
against him include money laundering and
fraud stemming from a
multibillion-dollar arms deal in the
late 1990s when Zuma was deputy
president the country's National
Prosecuting Authority dropped the
initial charges in 2009 but at ruling by
the Supreme Court of Appeal last fall
deemed that decision irrational paving
the way for the case to be reopened
Zuma has maintained his innocence 3.4
billion dollars worth of annual trade
could be at risk if President Trump
doesn't exempt the European Union from
his tariffs on steel and aluminum the EU
put out a 10 page list of American
products that could face tariffs and
retaliation the list includes whiskey
kitchenware and clothing among others
last week Trump temporarily exempted
Canada and Mexico from the tariffs and
said that other countries could be
spared as well if they can convince the
administration that their exports don't
threaten American industry the tariffs
on the unlucky are set to go into effect
next week
on Sunday Vladimir Putin will cruise to
another landslide win as Russia's
president it's true that he's banned all
meaningful opposition but it's also true
that his popularity is incredibly high
and he's enlisted a powerful partner to
make sure it stays that way the Russian
Orthodox Church
this is the regular Sunday service for
the congregation of Theodore thus to
date the vsevolod chaplin has been
leading worship here for the last two
years before that he was the official
spokesman for the russian orthodox
church it's what happened to this church
fairly typical of what happened to
churches during the Soviet era most of
the churches here in the center of
Moscow in all of Russia war most related
to a definitive thirties how long did it
take to reconstruct this 50 years yeah
almost from nothing like most churches
in Moscow chaplains was largely
destroyed under communism
after the Revolution of 1917 the Soviets
moved to stamp out organized faith they
stripped religion from education
arrested clergymen and ordered the
destruction of many of Russia's grand
cathedrals including this one christ the
saviour which has blown up to make room
for a public swimming pool chaplains a
polarizing hardliner
he lost his job in part because he
openly criticized Kremlin officials over
what he saw as their lack of piety but
when he was in office he participated in
the church's latest transformation a
close alliance we were very much
oppressed during the Soviet rule though
the church was free and what is even
more important we don't have an
opportunity nowadays to try to influence
different spheres of the life of the
society is Vladimir Putin good for the
church here I don't think he is the best
possible choice but he is the best of
all the options we've had since 1917 in
Moscow today the church seems to be
everywhere under Putin huge swathes of
land have been transferred back to
religious ownership and thousands of new
churches have been built or restored at
a rate of almost three a day
more than 70 percent of Russians
identify as Russian Orthodox up from 30%
at the end of the Soviet Union and the
church's conservative social values are
now becoming law as the government
clamps down on free expression gay
rights in competing religious sects
there is a kind of an agreement between
Putin's administration and and and the
patriarchy Boris Filatov a professor at
the Center for Religious Studies at the
Russian State University says this
transformation is more than just a
religious awakening what is putin trying
to gain and get out of the church
relationship church is still popular
among the majority of Russian people and
it makes him legitimate you know in
their eyes he's supported by the church
it's good at a certain time he decided
to turn to the right
it was his famous speech in Munich when
he said that we are surrounded by
enemies we are betrayed by the Western
countries and it was the beginning of
the ideology of the fortress and that's
how the ideology of traditional values
came to the surface the Alliance has
proven mutually beneficial for Putin in
the church but it's also created new
strains
we do it here
Victoria Mironova was raised Russian
Orthodox but she rarely attended church
then in 2015
Church came to her the government
designated the small park outside her
home as the site of a future chapel part
of a project to construct 200 Orthodox
churches across Moscow there's formally
said that Mironova began a weekly vigil
to protest the Farish we're still
happens every Sunday initiatives to use
sertanejo Church from Turkey and his
native rocker escape reversal Nelson
this all started because the government
gave this land to the church so who's
really the responsible party is that the
government or is it a church Kaneesha
Prime Minister Mohammad Fahad Yadav Park
he nobly died - Carson Yamaguchi atoll
cartoons - it's a Spitz and I would
probably the provocateurs strongly needs
but rubric revised proposal new year on
Assam Jerusalemites
motion for teaches gives rock-bottom
what do you think that Putin wants from
the church Louis de Canas not the very
idea of separation of church and state
is alien to the Orthodox civilization is
a peculiarity of the West there's
another interpretation no more that
there's a more cynical calculation on on
Putin's part that he sees in the church
a vehicle to consolidate and expand
power in the way he would like to well
that's an explanation
a very simplified explanation which we
often hear and see in the West I don't
buy it I think it puts it needed to
adapt to his own people
Landon Kruger much off didn't listen to
the people in the film and couldn't see
the diplomatic route over the poisoning
of a Russian ex-spy kept heating up
today as britain's Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson pointed the finger right
at Putin we could get overwhelmingly
likely that it was his decision to
direct the use of a nerve agent on the
streets of the UK on the streets of
Europe for the first time since the
Second World War that is that is why
their adult aggression the British
government concluded Sergei scree Paul
and his daughter who were both still
hospitalized were exposed to nova chuck
a toxin developed by the Soviet Union
one of the scientists who helped create
nova Chuck later became a whistleblower
and fled to the u.s. in 1992 he's been
campaigning to get the chemical agent
banned internationally ever since
Miyazawa dr. bill million oh yeah
esto es peque√±o otra vez esto but news
van in the shock Kotori des Lettres I
mention Mira silly Ezria sleeps a
hellacious Tommy Lee Perry central
linear system appreciate the haneish
logical solution as me ostrich
Serge's rushkoff catarina should provide
time to co-develop renegade glass a
water apparently can Wilson yesterday a
local Emmy Avila walkway by Scherzer got
k-kat Arabia water patrol with severe
faster clear school officials at least
email Provost at liberal college Annika
wagon procrastinate Marton Csokas a
tracheotomy original equipment yeah
probably
guess not Kotori reservoir treated movie
trilogy storage space yet
Kadal station stop whispers in latakia
skripochka Eva virtually Navy shock
shell shock here again the hook
vulnerable to Turkish metal masher
greatest fear inertia Satan state tell
Christine yes Rajesh instructor taught
est my adorned a button press to play
he apologized Angela Akrotiri monstrous
 worship Caucasian Barbara's
shredded button style value upon Yenta
Kremlin the primary divorced morbid
Kakuta again special on a Sabbath
Documenta me besides subtle Kaka been
the premier trap innkeeper Putin racial
a warrant ready
Sabri mean card we show the Canasta is
there a person really warm up yet
reported cadabra's all the cliches him
Iscariot ro free masteries mr. Rainey
neither he only let me attach our
separate research - yeah which has three
were pre student business
earlier this week the New Jersey
government announced that it had settled
environmental cases involving three oil
companies more than ten years ago the
state filed suit against Sunoco Shell BP
and dozens of other entities over water
contamination related to a gasoline
additive called MTBE combined the three
companies agreed to pay nearly 200
million dollars to the state and for the
first time in a long time New Jerseyans
can be sure that the money will actually
be used for restoration the reason we
know for sure that the money from this
week's settlements will be used to help
the environment is because of former
governor chris Christie but it's not
because he was an environmental champion
quite the opposite on more than one
occasion during the second term Christie
diverted money from environmental
settlements and use it to fill budget
gaps the end result is that the
then-governor diverted around 300
million dollars obtained from Passaic
River polluters to the state's general
funds year over year and state budget
chris Christie would include or
line-item veto the wishes of legislators
and he would divert millions of dollars
from environmental restoration
protection and putting it into the
general fund so that wasn't great but it
took one particular case to get people
really riled up the Exxon Mobil case in
2004 the state filed a complaint against
Exxon for environmental damages to
creeks and wetlands that the state says
it caused around to refineries but
despite arguing in court that Exxon had
caused eight point nine billion dollars
in damages
Governor Christie ended up settling with
Exxon for just 225 million dollars
here's Brad Campbell the former
Commissioner of environmental protection
who authorized a complaint against Exxon
in 2004 the eight point nine billion
dollar figure of damages to Natural
Resources and to the public in this case
was presented in court by Chris
Christie's own State Justice Department
at a moment when New Jersey was poised
to recover that money Governor prompted
a sweetheart gentlemen for essentially
three cents on the dollar shortchanging
the public and shortchanging the
environment
Christie from diverting around 175
million dollars from that settlement
towards the state's general fund a
democratic state senator introduced a
referendum that made it on to the
November ballot the environment was
wanted to establish a lockbox to ensure
that that money would go to the purposes
of the original lawsuit the bound
question passed on Wednesday a former
state senator filed an appeal with the
New Jersey Supreme Court to overturn
what he called Christie's giveaway
settlement tags on mobile courts in New
Jersey don't often overturn settlements
but it does provide some hope for people
who are still mad about the deal and in
the meantime New Jersey is getting some
what other we do even though it's
settled with those three oil companies
is still actively negotiating with Exxon
this time over the MTBE case because it
too was allegedly involved in the
contamination of New Jersey's waters
Governor Chris Christie did not respond
to a request for comment
I started collecting racist objects when
I was a teenager and the stuff was
everywhere at a certain point I ended up
with thousands of pieces I didn't know
what I would do with it I just thought a
lot about what it meant to be a person
of color living during Jim Crow I had no
intention of creating a museum but the
collection kept growing so in the 1990s
I gave my collection to the University I
took 15 years but in 2012 we opened this
museum I have lots of respect for
museums that celebrate african-american
history to celebrate african-american
accomplishment but that's not what this
facility was I wanted to create an
actual racism facility to have people
focused on this specific topic in terms
of our history so if you just have a
society with millions of just postcards
like this does that reinforce certain
ideas about black people and white
people some of the best discussions we
have in the museum are about the word
nigger which sounds kind of weird by the
way because I'm a sociologist and we
don't believe words have any inherent
meaning they're just sound science that
we give but we do believe that people
once the meanings are given that they
are shared I mean no peace is inherently
racist it's a racist society which will
create racist objects and will
racialized
other odds that's why the watermelon is
it has a racism there's nothing inherent
about a watermelon that makes these
races but you know darn well that has
been racialized
someone looking at auntie mama objects
or other mammy images they don't think
of that as offensive they think of good
time spent with the families it's very
nostalgic someone else looking at those
same pieces they see the vestiges of
slavery and segregation so often we're
not deciding that something is racist
but what we are doing are collecting
pieces that help us talk about racism we
have lots of friends of the museum and
we receive hundreds of pieces a year the
first director of Museum
to me one day hey there's there's a
couple guys I want you to meet here we
go here's some Jim Crow related
materials these are the dowels and some
of them are older some are newer is
there like 1950s this is now female yeah
well those are really interesting our
group of friends friends were all
collecting this because we realized what
it said about our society and what it
said about where we were in the past and
where maybe we still were when we met
David pilgrim and the whole Jim Crow
Museum and all of that it was like
finally there's a place where we can put
their sense of relief that we could let
go of the object so other people could
learn from it we have some understanding
of bigotry we have some understanding of
being the outsider or not being accepted
or being told that we are not welcomed
we can't be accepted you you have no
place here I think because we've
experienced that in our own lives
because we're gay there's a little
transference there to trying to help
understand the even bigger question of
bigotry and then likewise racism wow
this is really racist this is an ashtray
where the black washer woman she has her
one breasts stuck in the wringer and so
she's hollering my god that's also
sexist
I think the Jim Crow it lost the Jim
Crow this is on multiple levels this is
a wonderful piece once we finally just
the Jim Crow Museum it gave us more
impetus to go out and find collect save
they now have at least five hundred
things from us by collecting those
things we get a broader picture how
racism continued all the way up into the
60s and 70s and still continues I've
seen things about President Obama that
were horrible I think people who go to
the Jim Crow Museum are often surprised
when they see something from 2015 as
racist as many of the things from a
hundred years ago and we've had friends
who are a complete mess after they've
left because suddenly they've been
confronted with the truth for many years
when I traveled I would say that the
United States despite this history of
enslavement and Jim Crow that we are
today more democratic and more
egalitarian than we've ever been and I
stopped saying that about two years ago
I'm not suggesting that we are back in
the Jim Crow period don't get it twisted
it's not like that but what I am saying
is I hear and see a level of racist
rhetoric that is reminiscent of when I
was growing up in Alabama under Governor
George Wallace people say they don't
want to talk about race but they're
doing it all the time but they're not
talking about it in places where their
ideas can be challenged
books are filled with facts and the
Internet is filtered trash I'm here to
set the record straight advice' pedia
which other events is Adam rippin
meddling in maternal affirmation 8% on
some level I know that I would be like a
really good mother and father
cross country pen snagging this is a
huge part of the pie just thinking about
MP makes me want to have diarrhea on
this entire room 33 percent this
is my favorite thing that I've seen when
you have the Oscars at 4:00 and a Grindr
date at 5:00
yeah I've dated on the Internet grinders
just trash you're not looking for love
you're looking for a mistake
I do the typical upper lip to navel sort
of middle ground experience I'm gonna
show you a vegetable it's sort of like
the best I'm flexing get some lips in
there too like this like and then I
usually give like an alias tinder it's
my own name the classy version of gay
online dating just when I went to the
store and I stole
before I go to jail I'd like to go stand
train a bit it's my arch nemesis and
tinder match you have Kenny Plushenko
he's like banishing me from the ring
I've invented a new jump called the RIP
on I think you can pretty much tell
about this eyebrow lift that I take no
 it's so typical me to be continued
after that we six out of ten
ravishing ass wow that was a close up
I've always had a big muscular glute
this is 1,000% a real but I don't have a
lot in my life so I beg you don't take
away the little joy I get from looking
at my own butt oh I'm sorry I couldn't I
had to
that's vice news tonight for Friday
March 16th
welcome back to the cuddler report where
we believe free-market capitalism is
still the best path to prosperity tax
rates are going up in 2011 that's bad
your tax it banks in your taxing
limitations you can't tell me this is
good across-the-board tax rate cutting
across-the-board tax cut why not
across-the-board tax cuts for everyone
lower tax rate so people could have
their own money it's our money maybe we
should get it back the top tax rate
could get to 77 percent could go to 85
or 90 percent I can't think of anything
dumber quench Steve wouldn't it be kind
of cool to try something else like
lowering tax rates on a permanent basis
just for the heck of it Steve
you
you
