I've told folks that you know that have
been interested in gender that have
asked me questions like well the first
rule of ginseng clubs you don't talk
about ginseng hello it's not illegal but
it works just like the drug industry
I guess it's it's not the part that we
want to deprive it from anybody else
it's the part of doing it in a way to
where you're not going to stow it
the global ginseng industry is worth
billions of dollars
Americans harvest and sell wild ginseng
to dealers who export large amounts to
Hong Kong where it's distributed to
markets around Asia but experts from the
United States have fallen in recent
years due to increased trade regulations
and diminishing supply and when supply
is down prices go up last year American
wild ginseng exports were worth 27
million dollars and Appalachian locals
continue this lucrative trade we're
gonna go dig a little bit of wild
ginseng and wherever we're riding on the
back side of Boone North Carolina and
where AB state is so it's pretty cool
I've got a couple of them over here
we've got a good three prong right here
another one not here this is what we
really want to be funnin is this right
here the asian market favors these
stress rings so that's a very neat
little route right there it's got good
quality on it in traditional Chinese
medicine ginseng roots are prized for
their apparent medical benefits and the
global market for them is worth billions
ginseng only grows in certain climates
it used to grow widely in parts of Asia
but was over harvested generations ago
but it also happens to thrive in the
mountains of Appalachia Americans have
been harvesting and trading the rigs
with Asia for hundreds of years in 2013
a pound of ginseng was worth nearly 1300
dollars which inspired a lot of
small-time diggers and dealers to expand
their business awesome I'd love to look
at it that was average process of course
if it's real good I'll pay up it's just
like or whatever it's when it's hot it's
hot and when it's not it's not if
China's doing good ginseng is doing good
when you botch in saying you're very
cautious so of course you're gonna keep
a gun in your vehicle people call it a
low onion because they think you're
dealing drugs would I shoot anybody ever
my ginseng no I wouldn't I've had a lot
stolen the people that's going around
stealing everybody's ginseng or the drug
addicts the thieves and they're doing it
to get a quick fix that's the ones that
I send out the door when somebody hears
you can go out in the woods for a day
and get something and it brings anywhere
from six hundred thousand dollars a
pound that's going to bring a lot of bad
publicity to something that's already on
the endangered list ginseng is listed in
Appendix two of the Convention on
International trade in endangered
species of wild fauna and flora which
means that unless it's trade is
carefully controlled it's at risk of
extinction people like Jim Hamilton are
trying to make sure that doesn't happen
by teaching locals to plant and harvest
their own wild ginseng sustainably what
we have here is sort of ideal ginseng
woods this is a ginseng seedling you
know you take a look at this the size of
the ginseng seed here we're teaching how
to plant wild simulated ginseng here in
Appalachia you know finding ginseng and
hunting ginseng is sort of a sacrosanct
tradition amongst the folks who have
learned how to hunt ginseng from their
from their parents their grandparents
and on forward so you have more people
that are hunting ginseng you know not
just your traditional diggers but you
have folks that are harvesting
out-of-season
and therefore not giving the plant a
chance to reproduce in general you can't
go out and find huge stands of ginseng
like you could say a hundred years ago
when I first started hunting ginseng was
my father it was something I was doing
because he enjoyed doing it but once we
were fortunate to find some of it and we
took it to the place where we sold it I
realized how valuable it was the same
with ginseng I think it's led a lot of
people with the misconception of of how
valuable it is money was and if people's
only hunting ginseng just for the dollar
value of it those are the people that
probably would do more harm to the
ginseng over a period of time then the
people that really enjoy doing it all
this area that's behind me where you see
all these little flags was all planted
this year just can't wait to see it come
up the enjoyment that you get it's like
it's about like growing a garden
