retailers around the country are
shuttering stores a list that ranges
from toys-r-us which just announced its
closing or selling all its us locations
to brands including footlocker j.crew
and Macy's that are shrinking their
brick-and-mortar operations but one
retailer Dollar General is doing just
the opposite
opening store after store and markets
that no one else will touch and making a
lot of money doing it I would say that
maybe 20% of my time is spent on the
road visiting grocery stores having
conversations with owners David Procter
has spent the past decade studying small
town grocery stores in Kansas we sort of
feel like we know them and they know us
as a researcher he tracks sales monitors
trends and keeps in regular touch with
grocers around the state and lately they
seem to want to talk about only one
thing the rise of Dollar General before
you even get you know into the actual
town you are confronted by this visual
of a Dollar General Store when we visit
these small towns that's one of the
first things that we notice Dollar
General isn't new the discount dollar
store which carries household goods dry
foods and a limited selection of
perishable items like eggs and milk has
been around since the mid 1950s but in
the last decade the company has refined
its strategy it's targeted parts of the
country that were slow to rebound from
the recession low-income rural
communities that other large retailers
even Walmart won't touch and it's done
it while building stores faster than
ever before
Dollar General has opened more than
5,000 new locations across the u.s.
since 2010 it now has more than 14,000
stores in the country or just about as
many as McDonald's and Starbucks at
least on a weekly basis we get emails or
calls from some small town saying Dollar
General has been in town and
our business has suffered or Dollar
General it's getting ready to move into
town can you help us figure out a way to
respond to that and so it is having a
very significant impact in the rural
parts of Kansas Dollar General told vice
news that their stores often provide
quote a complimentary option to other
retailers that may sell items such as
produce and meat but supermarkets don't
make most of their money from fresh
foods they make it from stuff Dollar
General sells things like cereal soup
and pasta
so in Dollar General comes to town with
a cheaper supply of those products it's
a big problem for grocers when people
call you what did they say they're
terrified I mean the owners are mother
and they're angry they're and they don't
know what to do about it in Haven Kansas
Doug neck is closing his grocery store
because he couldn't compete with a
Dollar General that opened a few blocks
away well this is thirty seven thousand
dollars worth of coolers right here
between these two this is full of pork
bottomless full of chicken is it strange
to see them this empty oh yeah oh yeah
hurts Dollar General didn't even have to
put an announcement in the paper that
they were opening a store here and from
that point on I mean we just started
seeing a drop in sales and we basically
have lost 100 customers a day for three
years so you've had a hundred fewer
every day for every day seven hundred
and a thousand dollars a day in less
sales for 1095 days you know the exact
number of days oh yeah where you gonna
buy your groceries after the grocery
store closes not Dollar General
if a Dollar General is moving into town
and a lot of people are shopping there
what what is the problem don't generally
going to hire about maybe five or six
people grocery stores higher on average
fifteen to seventeen the vast majority
of Dollar General Stores do not offer
fresh fruits and vegetables they don't
offer hardly any variety and dairy they
offer very
little variety and read most of them
don't have any sort of meat do you feel
like these local communities are hearing
this message I think a lot of them are
not actually I think a lot of them are
voting with their pocketbook this is
what economists call a collective action
problem even though it's in people's
collective interest to keep real grocery
stores open it's in their individual
interests to buy what's cheapest and
it's worked out so well for Dollar
General that the chain is planning to
open another 900 locations by the end of
this year it's also flirting with a
relatively new market low-income urban
neighborhoods where it's competition
isn't local grocers it's other dollar
stores like Family Dollar and Dollar
Tree Tulsa councillor Vanessa Hall
Harper oversees a district with ten
discount dollar stores and zero grocery
stores we've had two public meetings and
overwhelmingly
the community said we don't want any
more discount dollar stores in that
community which is what they've said for
years when Dollar General applied to
open a new location in her district last
summer she successfully fought for his
six-month moratorium on new dollar
stores but before the moratorium started
Dollar General managed to get approval
for the new store and it just opened
this month because they were already
here I'm not against discount dollar
stores I'm against we we have an issue
with the proliferation of you presumably
a Dollar General wouldn't be building
another Dollar General around the corner
unless it felt like there was a market
for it do you worry that the community
is kind of voting with its wallet no
well but not really because there's no
other options if you don't have an
option you can't really cute that as a
book that's why I believe their business
model is to seek out food deserts and
communities that have no other options
and then they can make it more difficult
for other retailers to come in and be
successful particularly quality
full-service grocery stores
how many discount dollar stores do you
need in one community in one community
you
