in 2014 the body of a 15 year old
indigenous girl Tina Fontaine was found
wrapped in plastic at the bottom of a
river in Winnipeg Manitoba last month or
accused murderer was acquitted racism is
still ugly and is still alive that
verdict set off protests from indigenous
people and their supporters who say the
Canadian government doesn't do nearly
enough to protect their communities
which is why a group called the bear
clan Patrol has been keeping watch at
night in Winnipeg and other cities ever
since Fontaine's death
James Evo is the executive director of
the bear clan why did you start when
Dino Fontaine's buddy with a lot of a
regular that was it I said that we
couldn't wait any longer the bear clan
Patrol is a group of volunteers who ever
since Tina Fontaine's murder walk the
streets of Winnipeg in small teams they
carry naloxone kits for overdoses tell
would be John's to move along help
families search for missing children and
try to keep the peace July 2015 we came
out with a commitment to our community
four nights a week Thursday through
Sunday and we just been at it ever since
and it's just been growing and growing
and growing from there we wanted to live
better lives in our community we knew
was gonna take an investment it had to
come from the community it was gonna
come from the feds wasn't gonna come
from any other agency it had to be asked
the bear clans self-help ethos is a
direct response to what they see as
systemic racism racism that plays itself
out and everyday encounters and that
they say leads the authorities to
neglect crimes committed against
indigenous people my wife see standing
in our front yard the car would drive by
and slow down and ask to see one of many
bucks my daughter couldn't come home see
school well being badgered by John here
in the community
and I gotta I don't think the Buddhist
community doesn't have a story like that
for many that neglect was exemplified by
the acquittal in the Fontaine case which
hundreds of people protested and
Winnipeg last month she galvanized our
community when she passed away and now
the injustice that continues to surround
her case also again reminds us that were
still much more work ahead to do to make
it right for people like her indigenous
women make up just 4% of all women in
Canada but account for 16% of all women
murdered between 1980 and 2012 according
to a 2014 report from the Canadian
police and some estimates indicated the
percentage of indigenous women murdered
is even higher close to 42% there are
thousands of other girls in Tina's
situation right now and all of us in
Canada are responsible for for that
among Carolyn's top priorities will be
the creation of a national public
inquiry into missing and murdered
indigenous women and girls
two years ago Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau did appoint a 54 million dollar
National Inquiry Commission to look into
the problem of missing and murdered
indigenous women but that inquiry has
yet to issue a report and protesters
blame the Canadian police and the
government for failing to respond with
urgency we asked the Winnipeg police
about that criticism they said we don't
make commentary on social issues or on
general nonspecific criticism and added
that their officers occasionally partner
up on walks with the bear clan the bear
clan patrol for its part keeps growing
it's now in 13 cities and has more than
1,000 members and Winnipeg alone doing
what they can to protect their own none
of this is really rocket science what
we're doing is all that special it's
just the fact that we're doing was doing
