we never had an active shooters well at
my school last month if you typed David
hog into YouTube the top results claimed
the Parkland teen was a crisis actor
YouTube has since taken down the videos
but the problem reignited questions
about the secret formula YouTube uses to
promote content and keep users glued to
the site one engineer who worked there
says YouTube's algorithm is promoting
conspiracy theories there's a big goal
of YouTube recommendations to maximize
watch time so it's to maximize the
amount of time people spend watching
YouTube videos so doing the
recommendation is one of the most tricky
part of YouTube because you need to
compute for every single person the best
video to show them in any small
difference in the quality of the engine
is going to have a huge impact on
YouTube's engagement on revenue this
reality is the result of a deliberate
and entirely reasonable business
decision YouTube made years ago in order
to scale up YouTube got rid of human
editors who were in charge of curating
recommendations and turned to AI instead
the algorithm is only you one side so
after watching like 20 videos of
Fletcher's videos some people will stop
believing wow that might actually be
true unfollow algorithm it was like a
fantastic wind when someone watched 20
videos in a row
remember the more time you spend on
YouTube the more ads take itself but now
the company is grappling with the
unintended consequences of savoring
videos that keep you on the site longer
regardless of content last year shallow
created algo transparency org a site
that tries to mimic how YouTube
recommends videos his software assumes
you're a viewer with no prior history on
the site it shows that when you search
for is the earth flat around for example
you're more likely to be recommended
Flat Earth conspiracy videos
or if you look for videos about
vaccinations you'll most likely get
anti-vaxxer theories in a statement to
vice news YouTube said that while it
considers watch time in its algorithm it
now uses a greater variety of signals
than it used to 400 hours of content is
uploaded every minute to YouTube
meaning the problem will only become
more difficult it's very surprising that
we are using the best machine learning
of the world to optimize how much time
you waste on your device
you
