tonight why small steps on gun control
are so hard
managing hate on campus not to say we're
not doing anything but we got to do
better and fashions pollution faux pas
the Supreme Court ruled today that
immigrants who've been detained are not
entitled to regular bail hearings under
immigration law the five to three
decision encompasses lawful immigrants
and asylum seekers who are in custody
while the government determines whether
they can remain in the US but the
justices also sent the case back to a
lower court to decide whether or not the
law is constitutional in the first place
the case stems from a lawsuit brought by
the ACLU which argues that without
regularly scheduled bond hearings
immigrants face the risk of being locked
up indefinitely a magnitude 7.5
earthquake in a remote part of Papua New
Guinea set off landslides and caused
buildings to collapse killing more than
a dozen people according to Reuters
officials say it could take days to
confirm the total number of people
killed and the damage to phone lines and
roads is slowing relief efforts
ExxonMobil shut down a liquefied natural
gas plant that it operates in the region
and evacuated non-essential employees
the White House has downgraded Jared
Kushner security clearance meaning he
won't have access to all the highly
classified information he's been
accustomed to Kushner the president's
son-in-law and senior advisor is the
most prominent staffer to have his
clearance changed under new policies
announced after the Rob Porter scandal
according to Politico which first broke
the story White House aides with interim
high-level clearances were told on
Friday that those clearances were being
bumped down to secret the most basic
level on the scale
president Trump officially jumped into
the 2020 race today and named Brad parse
kale as his campaign manager parse kale
served as the Trump campaigns digital
director during the 2016 election
he's an eyebrow raising pick because his
portfolio put him so close to the
Russian meddling operation being waged
on the same platforms parts Cal has said
he was quote unaware of any Russian
involvement in the Trump campaigns
operations the House Intelligence
Committee interviewed him as part of its
investigation but the session was behind
closed doors officials in other states
are trying to woo Delta away from its
Georgia headquarters after Republicans
they're threatened to tear up a tax deal
because the airline distance itself from
the NRA Virginia's governor in New
York's lieutenant governor both tweeted
at the company which is one of Georgia's
biggest employers saying their states
were open for business over the weekend
Delta said it would end the contract
giving discounted rates to NRA members
Georgia's lieutenant governor responded
that unless the company changed its
position he would kill any tax
legislation at benefits from more than
15 companies have cut relationships with
the NRA in the wake of the parklands
shooting
the House and Senate we're back at work
today and everyone rushed to adjust the
guns issue mostly by talking past each
other we'll find out what the Senate can
do then we'll address that then there
are bipartisan differences we Democrats
intend to push our Republican colleagues
to have a real debate on gun safety
there's actually no shortage of concrete
ideas or factions pushing for them but
none has amassed a big enough majority
to succeed and that means for now
there's no clear path forward
even in this hyper polarized environment
of Capitol Hill in 2018 there are gun
policies that have some degree of
bipartisan support the reason they never
seem to pass it's the transformation
that takes place when a good idea
becomes a concrete bill right now the
gun proposal with probably the best shot
at going anywhere is the fixed NICs bill
which is an effort to try to strengthen
the national background check system the
bill was introduced in response to the
church shooting in Sutherland Springs
Texas last year where if you remember
the shooter Devon Kelly with an Air
Force vet who'd been convicted in
military court for physically attacking
its wife and stepson the next system
should have stopped Kelly from buying
guns but it turned out the Air Force
never recorded Kelly's conviction to the
next system in the first place and later
found out that it admits dozens of other
similar offenses the fixed NICs bill
tries to put an end to that problem and
it tackles a date both the federal and
state level it requires every federal
agency to certify that it submitted
disqualifying records like Kelly's into
the database and to create an
implementation plan if an agency fails
to meet those requirements all of its
political appointees can be denied bonus
pay it also reauthorizes to federal
grant programs that help states report
their criminal history records for four
more years
two weeks after another school shooting
where the killer had raised all kinds of
red flags all of that seems to make
obvious sense the house did actually
pass fix Nick's but they passed it as
part of a larger bill favored by house
conservatives the concealed carry
reciprocity Act just like it sounds that
bill allows anyone who's lawfully
licensed to carry a concealed weapon in
our home state to carry it in any other
state where concealed carry is legal
it's a big priority for the NRA they
appear to have added fixed NICs
as a sweetener to try to get it to pass
in the Senate where everything needs
Democratic votes but that's not going to
happen
Senate Democrats will never go for the
concealed carry part and now some of
them say that fix Nick's itself is too
narrow a half measure I talked to
Senator Richard Blumenthal one of the
co-sponsors of fix Nick's about why this
is also maddeningly hard Congress has
been complicit it bears a responsibility
for the continued carnage and the reason
is very bluntly and simply the vise-like
grip that the NRA and the gun lobby
continue to have on the Congress so part
of the challenge for fix Nick's is the
house-passed version was combined with a
concealed carry provision and that's a
non-starter I know in the Senate do you
think there's any movement to take up
sort of a standalone fix Nick's bill and
if so what's the prospect for that in
the house third complete momentum and
history are on our side this country is
absolutely aghast astonished appalled by
ninety deaths a day mass slaughter in
our schools churches theaters and I
think that there are a growing number of
my house colleagues on both sides of the
aisle that want to do something fix
Nick's is a baby step we need giant
strides but there is growing momentum
for fix Nick's in the house and I think
if it passes here as a standalone it
will pass there
he was approached by another student who
demanded that he step left step left if
you know what's best for you
Richard simply replied no the other
student stabbed him in the chest and
fled on May 20th 2017 lieutenant Richard
Collins the third a black student set to
graduate from Bowie State University was
visiting friends at the University of
Maryland when he was stabbed to death
the white student accused of killing him
has been indicted on hate crime charges
and is expected to stand trial in July
now the University of Maryland is
looking to make an unusual hire to
combat hate on campus this is an
unspeakable tragedy to happen on a
campus it must have been a topic of
conversation all throughout the summer
like what did the school do when you got
to campus it just didn't feel like
enough to me there was one moment of
silence and it felt like we're kind of
shoving this under the carpet the the
murder was the incident but the issue it
was the fact that there's racial tension
on our campus because we've always known
that we were gonna have to deal with
race issues that's just a part of being
black but like now it's about safety and
like I a friend and I were walking down
to the bus stop I mean we had somebody
just drive past us and yell at the
n-word out the window at us and it's
like okay like that's a race issue and
if the lieutenant Collins isn't in
haven't hadn't happened I might not have
been so concerned about my safety but in
that moment I was like that man could
have had a gun that man could had
anything and done anything to us just
trying to walk to the bus after the
stabbing the university scrambled to
find the appropriate response
they held vigils had a moment of silence
and offered counseling to students but
they also made an administrative change
by adding funding to the office of
diversity and inclusion
and put out a job posting for something
called a hate biased response manager
why does a university need a separate
person to come in and adjudicate a hate
crime for the university itself
well it's hate and bias incidents and
potentially hate crimes the reason that
we need somebody to lead an
interdisciplinary team of professionals
to do this work is because higher
education is being targeted by hate
groups coming on to college campuses in
trying to disrupt intimidate and to
provoke what type of background is this
person going to have because by the way
you're describing and it seems like they
almost need a security background or you
know like a special ops back out or
something like that if it really is to
prevent people from coming on campus
right so we're looking for somebody who
is a higher education professional
somebody with a wider array of skills
and expertise in higher education to
deal with issues of hate and bias the
announcement was met with skepticism
from critics who believe college
administration's have become bloated and
overly bureaucratic especially when it
comes to social justice the Office of
Civil Rights or title 9 coordinator or
even people within your own office of
diversity and inclusion seemingly should
be doing the job that the biased
coordinator is doing like why do you
need another person in this in this sort
of role this is not a new layer of
bureaucracy this is a new layer of
expertise and we're trying to solve some
challenges on our campus and that exists
across campuses in higher education some
members of the college Republicans on
campus we're curious about the hiring of
a hate biased response manager
especially given the impact it may have
on freedom of speech I think we're very
fortunate at UMD that we haven't had
some of the incidents that other
university have had if you look at
Berkeley if you look at some of the
other schools that have actually
descended into violence physical
violence we haven't had that here at the
University
and we do have a good free speech
culture on this campus I've never felt
afraid to voice conservative opinions
you know we had a tragic event on this
campus when a gentleman was murdered in
a hate incident and so we had to recover
from that
slowly but surely were getting there
were having these great conversations we
encourage people to share their opinion
whether you're conservative liberal
libertarian anything in between all the
students we interviewed thought
something should be done to prevent
another hate crime but nobody knew
exactly what the hate bias response
manager was supposed to do both I think
in the dean's office and the office of
inclusion and diversity you know that
they told us about things they're doing
they're doing symposium they have a
website set up they have different sorts
of talks and they started a task force
where any of you aware of any of this
stuff they did mention the task force in
the email where they notified everyone
of lieutenant collars death that that
was one of the steps they were taking to
help
I guess lessens the blow or like rectify
the issue and definitely there needs to
be a cultural change and I think it
needs to come from the top down you
could hire 20 new administrators and
that doesn't mean the situation will be
handled correctly not to say we're not
doing anything but we got to do better
a German Court delivered a major blow
today to Chancellor Angela Merkel the
country's automakers and the diesel
technology both have championed for
years
the ruling held that cities can ban the
most heavily polluting diesel cars from
their streets and it will likely lead to
driving bans and dozens of cities
including Germany's car capital
Stuttgart the industrial city is home to
car giants Mercedes and Porsche and for
years
diesel related air pollutants have
exceeded legal limits there that
includes nitrogen dioxide a major cause
of respiratory disease at a protest in
Stuttgart last month vice news met the
managing director of environmental
action Germany the small nonprofit that
won today's lawsuit Jurgen Rush says
that a court ruling was the only way to
improve air quality in German cities
given the cozy relationship between car
companies and politicians who is really
governing who is the one who is deciding
what is right and what is wrong in the
moment industry is doing it for the
future we hope at the Parliament taking
over again diesel technology is more
fuel-efficient than gasoline engines and
it became widespread in Europe in the
1990s after German car makers lobbied to
give buyers incentives in order to meet
climate change goals but the latest
figures show less than 50 percent of all
car buyers in the EU are choosing diesel
as companies including Volkswagen have
been convicted of emissions cheating and
criticized for exposing humans and
monkeys to diesel exhaust during
laboratory tests
okay the newest diesel cars are supposed
to meet the highest emission standards
but many exceed legal limits when
they're driven on the road rather than
in a lab Russia's group says this Opel
failed when they tested it in Berlin
it's very very high concentration of
pollutants so it's more than 20 times
above the limit it's unbelievable it was
a problem of all manufactures so it's
not just a problem of Volkswagen not a
problem of German manufactures but the
problem of nearly all manufactures in a
statement device news Opel said it
couldn't immediately comment on the test
but emphasized the improvements it has
made to the emissions of its diesel
engines Angela Merkel's government
hasn't come down hard on automakers
instead her government has opted to
reduce pollution through other measures
such as investing more money in public
transportation and today Merkel tried to
downplay the reach of the new court
ruling vacillation obesity is a skid on
incinerator and in most North America
and Latvian ABBA's get victini's on exam
deflation and a lot of assets are in
Deutschland Chancellor Merkel tried to
protect the car industry this protection
strategy was a wrong strategy we have
the loser in the car industry we have
the lose that car buyer the owner in
principle de volta everybody is on the
loser side
even as fashion has gotten faster
cheaper and more disposable there's
another cost to stocking up on fresh
looks fashion is now one of the most
polluting industries in the world the
textile industry alone produces more
greenhouse gas emissions than the
aviation and shipping industries
combined and the sheer amount of clothes
we consume which already accounts for
more than half of all the textiles
produced is expected to keep going up
from 62 million tons in 2015 to 102
million tons by 2030 at that rate the
fashion business would need to use 35%
more land and 50% more water there's
this cute expression in China that you
know the color and fashion next season
by the color of the rivers in China
Linda Greer with the Natural Resources
Defense Council has studied the fashion
industry in China for more than a decade
China makes more than half the world's
clothing and textiles adding up to a 267
billion dollar business there but the
government's tolerance for all the water
the industry uses and all the waste it
leaves behind is running out China has
gotten much more serious about its high
polluting industries over the past
several years they have closed down a
lot of factories they have really
pressured a large number of companies
and factories to upgrade their equipment
become more energy efficient and less
polluting usually a toxic chemicals etc
China is also tired of being a
destination for textile recycling
another surprisingly big cause of
pollution this year authorities banned
the import have used fabrics and
clothing and that ban could make the
global fashion industry even less
environmentally friendly China is the
largest first right now
bime are of recyclate fabrics and
recycled fibers in China bans all the
source material and they can't be deep
reducing the recycled yarns and fabrics
and fibers so
working with the US government and
others to prevent China from fully
implementing the policy be on recycling
there's another idea that's catching on
with some labels the circular economy
Ellen MacArthur who runs a foundation in
the UK has been pushing this solution
she believes the fashion industry needs
address degree design so it doesn't even
create waste in the first place a vast
majority of textiles that are produced
and incinerated or burned we lose about
500 billion US dollars worth of value
every year because clothing hardly worn
the majority of what is made is turned
into a product it gets used and then at
the end of his life it gets thrown away
basically if you design an economy where
there's no waste it has to be circular
it has to feed back into the system so
the product would stay out there and
used for as long as possible it would
then be designed so the materials can
recover it or someone else could use it
and then it would feed back into that
economy as the raw materials brands
including Stella McCartney Nike and H&M
have already signed up to work on ways
to implement the circular economy
concept into their fashion lines but for
now it's still way more likely that the
clothes you love today will end up in
the landfill the next time you clean out
your closet
is it my cup of tea
your rhythmic she was right I mean the
original right songs are made to be
transformed played sand whistled hunt
again and again through generations a
great tune and a great melody it's
something you can really expand in any
direction and if the singer is very good
a lack of voice the arrangement is a bit
and fatty can a bit over the top for me
Beethoven can be over the top please
Beethoven
sometimes an anomaly distant um you
don't it's not a rule there's no rule in
infant composing that I think apply each
movie is different on each aesthetic
should be different
some directors I've worked with would
hate that the audience would leave the
room the theater whistling a tune he
does captures some kind of a internal
trauma an internal anxiety and internal
panic it sounds a bit like a Red Sea's
opening isn't it no how about somebody
at the door
it sounds a bit cheesy as at the choir
and quartered
you know all these songs playing to me
are great but for me I wish we could
play a string quartet because if you see
the kid here and had him listen to the
string quartet he might have tears in
his eyes but he doesn't know but he's
never heard a string quartet by Mozart
or or Schubert doesn't have the right to
listen to that that's vice news tonight
for Tuesday February 27th
you
