who has part of the word consent here
feel free to raise your hand all right
we see that there is not just one
definition for consent and that's why
it's a little complicated for people to
understand them in the me to era schools
across the u.s. are considering adding
classes to teach kids about sexual
consent lawmakers in at least five
states are working on legislation that
would require some form of consent
education in public schools at various
levels Oklahoma is one of them is
representing Thompson in by chance know
if she's here she's not here so put a
checkmark by him hi do you have a moment
we're trying to get a bill passed out of
committee it's actually named after
Lauren and Lauren this right here is my
lauren Atkins is a seventeen year old
high school senior in Norman Oklahoma
and she's a first time lobbyist and this
was named after you do you mind telling
me what your story is I was at a party
and someone sexually assaulted me there
I told my parents I went to the police
and the biggest issue was he didn't
understand consumer he had no idea
Lauren's working with Stacey right and
advocate for teen victims of sexual
assault and state representative Jacob
Rosecrans to pass a bill that would give
Oklahoma public school teachers training
to teach kids about consent Oklahoma law
defines consent as affirmative
unambiguous and voluntary agreement to
engage in a specific sexual activity the
law also says you can't give consent
when you're incapacitated from alcohol
tell me about what happened to you at
the party it was last year right yes I
got there I just started drinking I was
talking about all my friends some of
them were playing beer pong just typical
night I start throwing up like I don't
even remember I guess I just blocked out
in that second and I woke up and I was
on the bed and what was happening that's
when he was raping me afterwards Lauren
and the boy exchanged snapchat messages
where they argued about what happened
he also claimed she had given consent to
earlier in the night she says she did it
vice news made multiple attempts to
reach the accused we were unsuccessful
Lauren filed a police report but the
district attorney ultimately didn't
prosecute they tell vice news there
wasn't a quote reasonable likelihood of
proving all elements of the crime in
that moment I thought there was nothing
else I could do ever my dad was telling
me he was like Morin like I'll try as
hard as I can to like get you justice
like we'll do whatever we can but like
right right now like there was no other
option we can see but Lauren did find
another option Lauren went public with
her story and then teamed up with Stacey
the Advocate who wrote the framework for
the law we're very proud thank you it's
a wonderful thing you're doing thank you
so many hype men in my life what made
you decide consent classes would be the
solution like with what happened to me I
feel like if he knew what he was doing
was wrong he might not have done it I
don't think he necessarily did as a
malicious act it was like out of being
an idiot and so what do you want people
to know that he didn't know I want them
to know where boundaries are and it's
not even just with sex it's like healthy
relationships and what people can and
can't do to you there are a few models
for how to teach consent in the
classroom who has heard of the word
consent here feel free to raise your
hand all right we see that there is not
just one definition for consent and
that's why it's a little complicated for
people to understand that some schools
like innovations high in Utah partner
with outside groups like Planned
Parenthood to conduct workshops it's
important to know that sexual consent
needs to be enthusiastic so if I were to
hug Ali right now without asking and
she's stepping back right so she's not
wanting to participate in that right
Lauren and her friends say those kinds
of conversations are completely absent
from the sex ed they get in school the
way they teach it they teach it as if
sex is something that just happens to
not something that like you're necessary
in control of really is holidays like
they'll just teach you about like
anatomy and then they'll be like Oracle
and don't get STDs but they won't like
okay say much else I feel like they
might be uncomfortable too but they
don't get into any of the emotions they
just focus on the physicality of it they
just assume it's going to be a perfect
scenario they don't make any room for
anything bad to happen but the bill
doesn't actually require consent to be
taught in the classroom
Oklahoma's so conservative the bill has
to be watered down if it has any chance
so you're starting with a bill that
allows for teachers to be taught about
consent to education regarding healthy
relationships you've got it is that
because that's the best you can do it's
that big of a lift
baby steps we're creating a bridge
between our teachers and our students to
be able to have those conversations and
then also it once it gets out of these
committees perhaps we start talking to
other lawmakers and saying hey do you
think it would be a good idea to also
set this to where we can do a class but
Oklahoma activists who call themselves
parents rights advocates still say the
lobby against it
the wording actually says promote safe
and healthy relationships well I don't
know about you but even our definition
of safe and healthy relationships might
not be the same it's very clear from the
me2 movement and the conversation we're
having that this isn't taught at home
super do you really trust parents to you
know teach this kind of thing no I don't
necessarily trust parents but on the
other hand I trust I trust the
government last so I'm wondering what
you think the likelihood of Lorne's bill
passing is it seems to me that this bill
is tied to a personal story the personal
story is is tragic and when lawmakers
are setting across the room from
somebody who has walked a brutal path it
is very hard to say no the bill got a
committee hearing today
it really could be prevented by him
knowing what was right what was wrong
and despite some pushback it passed but
it still has to pass the full House and
Senate before it's signed into law if
the bill fails at any step of the way
Laurens Stacy and Jacob have to start
over again next year if it doesn't pass
which I'm a really strong feeling about
it will but if it doesn't we'll just try
again next year just because it's still
going to be just as important next year
you
you
