four out of the seven days of the week
there is no fear anymore this is a
citizen's revolution you can feel it on
the street
since the anti-government uprisings
exploded this past spring Venezuelans
have been demonstrating in the streets
for over a hundred days more than 100
and killed thousands more injured their
city marbles and the kids then and the
more the protesters defy the authorities
the more aggressive the police get
trying to break them
chaos all day we're just trying to leave
it now we're box that I got travel and
lost my shoes so now strolling around
others wailing my thoughts Venezuela is
on the brink of becoming a failed state
the economy has been destroyed by
hyperinflation in the last 12 months
alone the inflation rate rose over a
thousand percent and it's projected by
the IMF to rise more than 2,000 percent
in 2018 as Venezuela's currency has
cratered and value the cost of importing
the most basic goods has soared making
food and other essentials both scarce
and unaffordable ordinary people are
really suffering
and they're fighting back a veteran
journalist bill Gunson who's been
covering the region for almost 40 years
has witnessed firsthand the events that
has brought Venezuela to the brink what
caused the current situation with chaos
reigning in the streets now that the
economy has collapsed the issue on the
streets is not an issue of ideology it's
not people out on the streets saying we
want capitalism instead of socialism
it's people out on the streets say we
want to eat college
the communal pero this food shortage is
widespread over the last year
three-quarters of the population has
lost an average of almost 20 pounds a
year are you in for me maybe pump away
from each other career lariat a my Udo
people are genuinely dying of hunger in
some cases 12% of children are suffering
from acute malnutrition in Venezuela
this is the country with the biggest oil
reserves in the world
it's absolutely unforgivable oil is the
foundation the Venezuelan economy
accounting for half of the government's
revenue so the nation's economy and
fortunes rise and fall with the price of
crude oil on international markets
Venezuela is well over 90 percent
dependent on on oil income for its
foreign earnings the society has come to
rely on this economic cycle of boom and
bust that's inherent you know and it's
created a society in which there's very
little planning for the future
corruption is kind of
at least to a large extent tolerated by
the late 1970s oil admit Venezuela the
richest country in South America but
over the coming decades
persistent corruption funneled the
nation's wealth into the hands of the
elite
the result was profound income
inequality that set the stage for a
socialist revolution led by Hugo Chavez
Chavez was a larger-than-life figure
messianic a figure who was loved not
just as a politician revered as a saint
Chavez made government a spectacle a
fairy castle being a cappella every
Sunday he staged marathon TV broadcasts
that sometimes ran up to eight hours on
his show
although Presidente on top of announcing
government business such as
nationalizing agriculture in telecom
industries the show featured special
guests dance numbers in prize giveaways
pantalla
the Ventana so home consist of Ontario
al capitalist book a while he was giving
away appliances the economy and
specifically the oil industry was
crumbling the problem is that the
economic underpinnings of what he was
about
we're not really viable
the legacy of Chavez's disastrous
economic strategy is the heart of
today's crisis we flew to Lake Maracaibo
epicenter of the country's boom and bust
economy this is one of the largest oil
basins in the world over 30 billion
barrels of oil have been pulled out of
this lake and the estimates rates that
there are still somewhere between 19 and
another 40 billion barrels of oil still
left out there
Ulysses albornoz worked for the
state-run oil company petroleum of
Venezuela or paid a visa and experienced
the effect of Chavez's policies first
had Chavez
in quality sides panelists one of
Chavez's first moved to change the oil
industry was replacing the pay Davis a
Board of Directors with political allies
much of the pitov is a work force was
outraged and took to the streets in
response Chavez fired seven of the
company's top executives live on TV on
Delos against a person say North Juan
Fernandez esta despedido de petr√≥leos de
Venezuela Eddie Ramirez Mucha Gracia a
tout a day pedido in the end
Chavez fell eighteen thousand pay the
visa employees and replaced them with
more politically loyal workers who knew
next to nothing about oil production
so basically Chavez fired half of the
almost half of the 40,000 employees of
the state oil company 580 Hey
and you were one of them yes I was one
now 120,000 people Chinese down with
three times the quantity of people yeah
will produce one-third of the oil in
addition to the incompetence of the
Chavez loyalists who run paid a visa
corruption has been a major factor in
the decline of the oil industry billions
have been stolen in recent years
creating a new and very rich socialist
elite with oil production at all-time
lows Venezuela's economy is now much
more vulnerable to the ups and downs of
the global market Venezuela is acutely
vulnerable to a fall in the price of oil
which as we know tends to be psychical
and it tends to be severe when it
happens in essentially what then as well
as living on now is less than half of
the oil price that he had a few years
back the oil money ran out more or less
at the same time as Chavez died so
simultaneously they lost a large amount
of income plus the guy that held the
whole thing together and it's been
downhill ever since
a month after Chavez's death in 2013 a
bitterly divided nation went to the
polls vice president Nicolas Maduro a
former bus driver narrowly won the
presidential election rubber opposition
leader Henrique Capriles
since then Maduro has stuck with many of
Chavez's policies and for the most part
has ruled by decree meanwhile the
economy hunger narco trafficking and
violent crime have continued to spiral
out of control in the opposition to his
government intensified
by December of 2015 Venezuelans had
voted to give control of Venezuela's
Congress National Assembly to the
opposition parties in response Maduro
called a special election to create a
Constituent Assembly a unique
institution with the power to change the
nation's Constitution many believe we
will use this governmental body to
consolidate his power
it is this move the DES sparked the
intensified protests the past three
months
Maduro sources have responded with mass
arrests in violence and also frequently
targeted elected officials from the
opposition including kapila's his
presidential opponent in 2013 with 49%
of the vote lost by less than two
percentage points
we're outside the justice first office
the head of the party
Enrique kapila's just got beat down by
the national guard here and was still
tear gas and clashing going on they're
about to do press conference
the governor how are you hola nice to
meet you what you guys do
imagine a u.s. Marine Governor of New
York
yeah shocking easy it's a shock it is
incredible it's module of orders my big
ass after this violence what's gonna
happen tomorrow
my general wave of otra vez y una
residencia Bubo que sera Londo you pi x
en la calle it cylinder a patrol a
constitution pero en la da mucho some of
consciente this in the two months after
we filmed and as the daily news arose
Constituent Assembly approached the
crisis has escalated
On June 27th a police officer hijacked a
helicopter and attacked the maduro
controlled Supreme Court may ensue
gunfire
only days later in the dural loyalists
stormed the National Assembly attacking
security guards journalists in the
lawmakers themselves
on July 16 in a show of mass defiance
more than 7 million Venezuelans voted to
recall Maduro in the symbolic nationwide
referendum and the eve of this historic
vote that looked set to transform
Venezuela Vice went back to Caracas with
bananers this is the National Assembly
in as well as Congress four weeks after
Maduro loyalists attack at the
politicians for congressman Amanda Armas
was one of the lawmakers badly beaten
that day that's definitely my blood it
was my hair's my home and the risk of
physical danger continues first vice
president of the National Assembly
Freddy Guevara showed us the death
threats he's been receiving on a daily
basis save your money for you pay the
funeral of every member of your family
this is not normal business for a
politician and there will be a big
protest this afternoon I'm sure that the
protest will increase we are not going
to step down
several groups across the city to make
it harder for National Guard to break
them up protests have been outlawed with
tough sentences for those who disobeyed
under the National Guard on motorbikes
the National Guard maintained rigid
control of the Caracas streets we caught
up with Freddy Guevara again
who said that the upcoming vote was just
rubber stamping the Doros drive towards
authoritarian rule do you think it's a
dictatorship now do you think it will
become one on Sunday
109 people shot and dead in the protest
we have congressman sagale majors in
Yale nor freedom of speech or popular
dictatorship while we may have after
Sunday will be maybe will be a more
intense phase of the detention for
details
you think he might all be in jail on
Monday yes of course they have both the
president today yesterday and three days
ago president rather me
he says that I have a jail with my name
on it president Maduro called this
election to create a Constituent
Assembly a 545 seat governmental body
that can override and likely replace the
elected Congress it would also have the
power to rewrite the country's
constitution and extend medoras reign if
that weren't enough the majority of
candidates were hand-picked supporters
of Maduro including his wife and son and
there was no option to oppose the move
with no possible way to vote against the
government's proposed action the
opposition boycotted the election hoping
a low turnout at many polling places
were exposed a vote as a sham instead
that people again gathered on the street
in the only way they could to make their
voices heard
Yoshioka place under pass away in Sierra
Leone Calvo monokuma Rousillon events
are a hotel
but just as demonstrations began to form
the National Guard followed through and
threats to crush any dissent
by midday opposition leaders were
regrouping trying to decide what to do
next
Oh to see a Fiat and Venezuela we don't
have it so publicly
gasps Oh Cassie open already maybe a
flower
one motorcycle unit of the National
Guard was attacked with a homemade
petrol okay kidding hey you think my
people and for their volcano plane they
had it for it focus on four root two
condyles ronan he any rule of any good
now another see
intense clashes across the country made
this day the most violence since the
crisis began
by the time the results were announced
sixteen people had been killed and
dozens more injured but Maduro had
succeeded in creating his Constituent
Assembly ma√±ana no sekai de pasar no
security woodville as well but the
opposition headquarters governor
Henrique Capriles Fedora's presidential
rival made a statement to the local
press seniority Rita will do and it
salado's resume esta palabra
I'm stayin here el precio innuendos otro
top of likto para la familia Yamaha
which are parking in taipei i aterna
villa de aya cambio aya democracia que
la verne Salado para salir del greco
totally do a super are la Paix or
Chrissy a dormitory Tony
I'm sure you know where the final result
will be what will be your response
I'll go via the rocky rocky voltaren
Emiliano
perro Diego momento que la verdad es
imposible de occult are las salinas lo
central o el mundo
that night he headed over to Bolivar
Plaza in the city center and the Douro
supporters have gathered
we'll only a Venezuela the name of
assembly equality to you
tell me Zelda Sonya Oh silly a national
constituent 11 Serena
it was predictable that the United
States would cast doubt on this vote
much harder review was a claim from the
london-based technology firm that
supplied the voting machines used for
this election they turnout numbers on
Sunday 30th of July for the Constituent
Assembly in Venezuela were tamper with
the difference between the actual
participation and the one announced by
the authorities is at least 1 million
votes an independent exit poll suggested
the actual Turner was even lower with
just over three and a half million
people voting less than 20% of
Venezuela's 19 point 8 million eligible
voters the Congress met in a last-ditch
effort to stop what looked to be
inevitable
people Venezuela to come and defend this
National Assembly
the United States imposed additional
sanctions aimed directly at Maduro
himself Maduro is not just a bad leader
he is now a dictator Maduro immediately
played the part of a typical dictator
snatching to leading opposition figures
Leopoldo Lopez a leader of the popular
will party and Antonio Ledezma the
former mayor of Caracas from their homes
the following night the socialist
revolutionaries who once overthrew and
unpopular and corrupt elite have become
one even parts of the military began to
defect one of Latin America's most
important nation has been control of the
world's largest oil reserves has become
a dictatorship
but Wilma Doros diehard supporter
celebrate the growing opposition has
vowed to continue to fight
