right now in Nigeria it's an oil reserve
under us so we're right at the center of
the curious oil production Michelle
Exxon all these big companies have
pipeline and this is where oil
illegal oil refineries are buried deep
in the creeks of the Niger Delta and are
notoriously difficult to get to local
oil businessman Don Rosario helped us
secure access to one under the
protection of a paramilitary group that
provides security for the oil thieves
this looks post-apocalyptic out here I
mean everything is burned to the ground
this entire town this block
smell of oil here it is overwhelming
everything's rotting I mean this entire
town is covered in oil
what are these guys guys in simpleton
this is like the story we had it's
cooked it's processed
that's the refining in there yeah yeah
it's pumped into the oven it goes to the
coolant the gas goes out and finally the
end product gets to the time this is
diesel
so this diesel is ready to be sold now
yes it's ready
so they're just starting to pump the
crude from the ship through these hoses
into what they're calling the crude oven
that's where the refining process
happened and then it goes through these
pipes into the cooler they use water to
pull it down and then through these
pipes into the reservoir that's the
diesel there then they pump it again
into those drums and that's where it's
exported from
just a couple of years ago operations
like these were on the decline and part
due to an amnesty program where the
Nigerian government paid militants to
stop refining and selling the oil
beneath their land but in 2016 the new
government reeled back those subsidies
so now the black market is once again
thriving
why do you do this work seriously I know
how any other and what I survive with
this little work that I'm doing
as the military ever humility Kumaran
everybody destroyed cannot able to eat
at any time only watch Batman as night
fell they allowed us to watch the most
crucial and dangerous part of the
process
oh wow they just started the fire look
at this
holy huge plumes of smoke
I mean this fires huge and all these
guys are here making sure they contain
ik we're surrounded by oil this is the
most combustible environment you could
be
they're putting fire into the study
refining process what are they pouring
in there from the last production to me
that is like what in usability when the
temperature increases the lightest of
all the products is a few gasoline so
that one comes out first
then after that
as fire relatively far away
heat is really strong
believe you this every night huh that's
what they do yeah every night
it is our our people survived
while nigeria sits atop one of the
largest oil reserves in the world the
majority of the Nigerian people have
seen little benefit from this
multibillion-dollar industry the result
has been rampant oil theft and sabotage
of infrastructure which has
transnational oil and gas consultants
like if Jionni is a is a concerned about
the effects on global oil markets
what is Nigeria's role in oil production
globally when the US needs is a big fix
it before this era of crisis you know I
was a very stable production arena two
point five million barrels per day now
the government said we are producing one
point eight five million barrels a day
what was the amnesty program he sat down
with people of the region Rossi let the
boys come out and then you forgive them
and then there were so media arms you
will rehabilitate them and send them to
school that's where you have the unless
implement fully commits in derail the
politicians we are making money bringing
people one or even former militants me
was most of the people who we are
supposed to be rehabilitated
we are neglected why have people turn to
violence because they believe that does
the only way the government will listen
to them so they want neglected are the
ones who now say okay will spoil is just
rotten you will not benefit will not
benefit
militant activity produced Nigeria's oil
output last year to its lowest level in
22 years and as we saw in a local
village the leave of oil market is once
again central to their livelihood the
government calls illegally refined
products people in this lookup community
or the cupid is carousing since they
don't have access to the refineries they
produce it locally what you see as just
a means of survival
we are fighting two teams one is they're
taking it away so the guys was that
experimenting how did you get the
resources wanted me I'm selling it if
you could get a job would you be doing
this what would I be doing here I will
be here I've been coming around to
destroy our own use or survivor
just two days later the Nigerian
military rated the very same village so
there come in - oh my god smell it
so tell us what's happening here first
of all this is an Allah guard oh look at
the color what is communist I don't fit
it not the original and easily you can
tell that it was for find out yeah very
substandard so how often are you coming
across warehouses or markets that are
selling illegal fuel Michael this is the
second time workers you destroy it all
we see that we can all set them on fire
you cannot do anything because this is a
residential area this can't be good for
the environment it is not good for
tomorrow but then he's more dangerous
way to get out of this place Amaya if
you don't destroy it get into the
society
what's the local market they'll put them
in the vehicle is not good for the
society it is destroyed here
slashing all these bags I mean look at
this though this is just a stream of
fuel going out into the waterways this
entire towns been flooded after years of
military raids illegal oil operations
and pipeline spills the effect on the
local environment here is catastrophic
contaminating what was the main source
of fishing agriculture and drinking
water when despoja fluid
so you just threw your net in to catch
fish and it's covered in oil now when I
eat it they will give my body this
profession fish and get on as well for
every Westfalia have nothing to do this
isn't just a result of the war between
the militants in the government in 2011
a landmark UN report showed widespread
contamination of the Niger Delta I shall
in other oil companies this community is
one of the most impacted community shell
is no longer operating here but their
pipes are not boasting and deflating
like balloons I noticed that it's black
all around us what is any effect on this
community its entire ground you can see
the entire soil here is destroyed but
you can see nothing can grew on this in
2015 after being sued by a local
community affected by oil spills shell
agree to a payout of 84 million dollars
and maintains that it's committed to the
cleanup of oil in the Niger Delta there
have been several other lawsuits against
shell here the number of which are still
pending
we went on an aerial patrol Michels
pipeline surveillance team who believe
that it's the oil thieves and militants
largely responsible for this widespread
pollution as we found out for ourselves
operations to destroy illegal refineries
were routine for the Nigerian military
the civil defense forces just went in it
looks like they're firing at the
militants in there
so they just arrested somebody mochi was
running the oil refinery right over here
there are several ovens here oh my God
look at this it goes all the way down
there and it's like probably half a mile
as your partner
here you have a typical in lagari finer
in try as much as possible ensure that
the icons use for this Rivera are
destroyed now you would destroy this
entire camp is being wet on fire you can
see the smoke in the sky already
these guys are all about to fire
as the government continues their
assault on illegal refineries in barges
carrying stolen oil they're often met
with retaliation from local militias and
one of the most notorious militias here
is the niger delta avengers they attack
pipelines and infrastructure of
significantly affecting both the
environment in the economy
it's been incredibly hard getting any
militants from the India to talk to us
but we've finally tracked a few down who
agreed to talk to us as long as we
conceal their identities why are you
doing this what do you want to
accomplish
we have seeking pad of this I feed
you you get hot you make money you leave
Lodge and you keep me in a poverty stage
possible this trouble is not about me
it's all about imagine the other people
we have kids coming up the future we are
not looking at the present we are
looking at the future if this continued
what do you expect from my son
what are you inspecting my child what
kinds of missions does the NDA carry out
yeah had there to stop the operation
blow the pipelines you're not out there
to kill humans just a pipeline you have
to vein running anybody and if I should
cut this place off whoa
these attacks forced the government to
resume amnesty payouts to the militants
and the government also recently
announced a move toward legalizing these
illicit refineries
despite that the attacks and protests
continue as locals demand more jobs and
development without which there may be
no end in sight for the devastating
environmental damage and the escalating
cycle of violence in the Niger Delta
