the Philippines is the only country in
the world besides Vatican City where
divorce is illegal now it's lawmakers
are working to change that
the Philippine Senate is back in session
this week and it's considering a bill
that for the first time would allow
people to divorce the House of
Representatives already gave it their
stamp of approval in March but even if
senators say yes president duterte would
still have to sign off he's dodged
questions about it but his spokesperson
has said he's against divorce and Beyond
Duterte there's a powerful institutional
opponent the Catholic Church I was
married for 21 years on the first day
the horror story started actually he
slapped me when he found out that I
burned the food I cook I asked
forgiveness but no he did not stop he
just hit me and hit me and hit me and I
said Wow is this the man I married
Desilu and began when Coe felt trapped
in a marriage she couldn't get out of
now she's a pro divorce activist what
was the worst thing he did to you Larry
did you have any support
no from the traditional I want to really
be separated from him for to save my
life and my children
Wanko eventually left the country to
escape from her husband but legally she
wasn't free of him until he died in 2016
towards the end when you really wanted
to get out of the relationship but you
couldn't divorce him did you ever think
of taking more extreme measures I I plan
to kill him by a syringe and then when
he's very drunk you inject appear at the
neck with air filled with air and then
he'll die before that I was planning to
jump from a building so it's either kill
yourself or kill him yes the decision on
whether to legalize divorce has split
public opinion in a recent survey and
narrow majority 53 percent said they
supported divorce let's not deny that
this is a controversial bill
congresswoman Pia Cayetano one of the
authors of the bill is trying to win
people over and dispel the myths about
her proposed new law here she's doing a
live interview with the popular bloggers
by no way is it then our intention ah
meseta and sanctity no marriage Cayetano
is pushing for change because she says
that the current laws are stacked
against women so marital infidelity is
not treated the same way for men and
women in this country for a man it has
to be under certain circumstances
including scandalous circumstances so if
he doesn't have sex with another woman
under scandalous circumstances in other
words if he actually went to a hotel or
motel quietly then that's not marital
infidelity but if a woman did the same
thing that would be marital infidelity
why is divorce still illegal in this
country we have a very strong and
influential Catholic Church in a country
where over 80% of the citizens identify
as Catholic the church has historically
had influence over public
and politics it's a big provider of
education and social services and it
played a powerful role in ousting a past
president Ferdinand Marcos when a bill
that included free access to
contraceptives passed in 2012 the church
retaliated by publicly shaming
politicians like Cayetano who'd voted
for it
their names were like put on on
streamers in black in front of the
church my name was mentioned in church
as as you know whatever messenger of the
demon
catholic bishop roderick cavillo
holds mass several times a week this
church has 13 masses every Sunday his
stance is that a couple of options are
acceptable as a last resort including
legal separations which don't allow
people to remarry and annulment which
costs thousands of dollars putting them
out of reach for many poor Filipinos but
the bishop doesn't think Matt Duvall
should be allowed ever we've spoken to
women who have been abused by their
partners and yet they still are not
allowed to leave it's not that they are
not allowed to leave they can leave
their husbands because there is also the
legal separation if someone hits you
yeah you don't you leave them legally
you can leave them legally but don't get
married again because she made yourself
that promise the Philippines and the
Vatican remained the only two places in
the entire world where divorce isn't
legal doesn't that tell you something
why are you behind the times are we
behind the times or I we holding on to
what is right the church advocates are
the solutions like couples counseling
couples for Christ is an organization
that offers such services they work to
keep families together through guidance
and fashion so this is a gift shop so
this is the gift shop this is called the
up list store places our brand for where
they send clothing
oh I like this one chastity verses lust
yeah which one's the best one of course
this one laureth Quintero oversees the
group's programs so do you feel under
attack from a bill that would allow
divorce that would make it legal
definitely of course
it's it's an attack to the family if you
are allowing a law or a bill that will
allow destruction of our marriages of
family that will be stuck the whole
society what are you doing to challenge
that we are starting to put up
billboards now
and now you will see some posters on a
bus that's family as a gift with the
sanest back in session
Wakko Cayetano and other members of the
grassroots pro divorce movements are
planning their next move a 100 person
march it doesn't sound like much
especially when the church rallied 2,000
people for an anti divorce march in
February but if 100 people show it will
be the country's biggest Pro divorce
march ever the song yes but even pro
divorce activists have to plan their
protests around mass and then the unity
walk which is going to be on a Sunday
please mark your calendars if you have
to go to church you can go in
you
