I wanted to speak out because I mean
because this is my community because my
sister is gonna go to Douglas but also
because no kid whether I'm related to
them or not should go through this ever
again
it's just it's enough this was named one
of the safest cities in the entire
country and someone took a
semi-automatic weapon and killed people
almost 20 people were killed so just
know it could happen to your son it
could happen to your daughter it can
happen to your best friend it can happen
to anyone I'm not trying to push an
agenda I'm not I'm not trying to gain
attention from the media I'm trying to
make sure this never happens again
this isn't Democrat versus Republican
this is about being able to send your
kids to school and not have to worry
about them not getting home at the end
of the day this has to be we make sure
that mentally unstable kids can't get
their hands on the same source of
weapons that we send soldiers to flight
forum wars which you should be 21 in
order to buy a gun that should be the
minimum age you shouldn't be able to in
seven months I'll be 80 I shouldn't be
able to buy a gun at the age of 18
that's just ridiculous
I want these congressmen to know that
they are not representing us for their
own self-interest I don't care how much
money they receive from the National
Rifle Association they're not
representing that interest group they're
representing their district their state
their County their people success looks
like starting small I mean we start in
our community and then we go to the
state and hopefully we get to the
federal level because no one in Florida
should have to deal with being afraid of
school shootings while someone in New
York doesn't because of partisan
politics we're the next generation if
the older generations have failed us
then this is where we need to step up
and make it our problem and make it our
solution the media is going to go home
and in a couple of weeks this will just
be another story another statistic but
the people that go to this
and surround this area we will not sit
back never again
that is not just a hashtag send your
thoughts and your prayers we accept them
we love them but start the conversation
talk to your legislators talk to people
you know tell them my story tell them
our story we just need to continue doing
these interviews continue getting our
word out because we're not gonna be
silent today a bunch of us are going to
tell Hasse and we're gonna make change
happen we're not gonna try to make
change happen we're going to make change
happen this is so sad I was here
yesterday and the day before I came and
like put flowers and stuffs down I
haven't slept in my room since it
happened I've been sleeping on the couch
just because it's like an open area like
home I sleep in my room like it reminds
me of like the closet and like it's like
a really tight space
you guys need to make sure that you stay
strong and you keep the message you guys
are being watched by the entire nation
they don't need to tell us that we don't
know what we're talking about
we have stared down the barrel of an
ar-15 ourselves we're just trying to not
let seventeen of us get shot in the
 face again it's it's definitely
surreal that this is happening to us now
like it's all been really fast and I'm
happy that it's been fast because if we
would have waited a week or two weeks
things would have died down there's no
other way to look at it it's like we
have to do it it's a calling we're not
waiting anymore we're we're here we're
gonna make a change and we're gonna make
it happen now we're gonna go up there
tonight we're gonna talk to our
congressmen or senators or legislators
we're not going to come back until
change happens
the parkland students have started the
debate but they won't be the ones to
finish it they're going to have to
change legislators minds we all don't
want to see another incident where
somebody was able to kill a massive
number of people very rapidly because of
the weaponry that they had Alexandra
Jaffe sat down with lawmakers on
opposite sides of the issue I really
didn't want to see this politicized but
it's a great weapon for our Democratic
opponents who would love to have
majorities so they want this issue for
November how do you avoid politicizing
an issue that can really only be solved
by lawmakers well I don't think it is
only lawmakers you have to change a
culture and part of what you do here is
advocate if I could change the hearts of
people I don't even need a bill so are
you saying that there's no role for the
legislature preventing things like this
that is why we have the discussion and
in it's endless my basic purpose in
being here is to protect some key things
it's not to fix everything because
you'll never get it all fixed I protect
Faith Family freedom opportunity those
are core values that will change the
whole culture but we can get into what
restrictions you are willing to hear
because it seems like it's a different
atmosphere here in Florida some that
have been talked about are increasing
the legal age of possession potentially
background checks for purchases
expanding the three-day waiting period
do any of those sound like performs you
be open to I think there's a lot of
reforms that I would be open to but
again everybody's obsessing about the
instrument I want to solve the problem
we need solutions
why shouldn't any individual in Florida
have an heir 15 why should they not
because there used to kill multiple
people very quickly
well spoons are used to eat stuff and
kill yourself with obesity but we're not
picking up spoons to get rid of obesity
they're not used for mass murderers
I understand where you're coming from
and I wish that would solve your problem
it won't elected officials should not
fear the people that died in the
building they should fear the people who
got out because those are the people
that are coming for them could it have
been prevented oh there's no doubt it
could have been prevented even in a
state like Florida it could have been
prevented you're standing exist again
this could have been prevented it's
higher because everyone's been on notice
this didn't just happen okay a ar-15s
and school shootings have been going on
now for a decade everyone's been on
notice the fact that it came to Parkland
the safest city in the state the most
affluent town the most highly educated
town in Broward County yeah that's
getting some notice
so that's slightly different for the
folks that are looking at this but
they've been on notice okay they've just
not wanted to do anything let's be clear
the majority isn't going to ban guns
right and they're not going to ban all
sorts of things that I would like to see
done but they might limit it so let's
take the limitations let's get the
limitations into statute if they're
willing to give an inch I'm taking an
inch and then I'll go get another inch
and another and another I am not willing
to squander the opportunity to do
something to change the laws to change
the conversation we can rally for eight
months after that up until the election
but in the meantime we have a short
window to change the statutes to change
the law to make it more difficult
you
you
