Porter was the funnel for information
and material going to the prison so he
is seen some of the most classified
documents that are in the United States
government president Trump briefly spoke
to reporters in the Oval Office today
offering another bland statement about
the Rob Porter scandal now in its eighth
day I am totally opposed to domestic
violence of any kind everyone knows that
and it almost wouldn't even have to be
said but it did have to be said because
the White House initially praised Porter
and it still hasn't explained what it
knew and when making the problem worse
as the fact that Porter wasn't some
low-level staffer as staff secretary he
was central to everything the White
House did and everything it knew a
favorite phrase in Washington is the
cover-up is worse than the crime but the
case of Rob Porter both are pretty damn
bad according to multiple news outlets
White House officials knew for months
that Porter's ex-wives said he abused
them and how only did they not fire him
they let him continue to serve in a job
that routinely handled some of the
country's most sensitive documents even
though it security clearance hadn't been
finalized
to understand how bad that is you have
to understand what Porter's job was
during the Obama years Brian McKeon was
chief of staff to the National Security
Council which is the group inside the
administration that collate all the
advice the president gets on national
security and foreign policy
so McKean seen a lot of secrets and the
person who had Porter's job White House
staff secretary saw even more secrets
that McKeon did in a well-functioning
White House every piece of paper going
to the present and I mean every piece of
paper goes through that office Porter
was the funnel for information and
material going to the prison so he has
seen some of the most classified
documents that are in the United States
government here's how it works
according to McKeon agencies including
the CIA National Security Council draft
secret documents summaries with highly
classified intelligence will be printed
out for the president then those
summaries are given to the staff
secretary which was Porter along with
everything else the president might need
to read the staff secretary reads them
gives them to the president
and then takes them when he's done and
then distributes whatever notes the
president might have what's the danger
of someone like that having access to
classified information well in his case
he was obviously sensitive to this fact
becoming known to other people when you
have this information to store at what's
called derogatory information in your
background that would be embarrassing to
you embarrassing to the President and to
the White House that subjects him to
some risk of blackmail I mean that
sounds like a spy movie but you're
serious right it sure like Syria yeah
that is the risk if rock border beat his
wives he's a monster but in this case
the FBI doesn't actually care if you're
a monster
they care if you're vulnerable to
pressure from an enemy of the United
States something like sitting down with
a for agent for a chat in exchange for
keeping that secret thing in your past a
secret
the FBI reportedly raised concerns about
Porter between the allegations of
spousal abuse last year well we don't
know for sure if that's what kept him
from getting his clearance we do know
definitely meets the bar of blackmail
risk and Porter could have been a real
target because the things he saw every
day as part of his job are the things
that every intelligence agency on earth
desperately wants to get their hands on
like if you were getting this as a
foreign agent this would be like the
good stuff that we have that we don't
want you to know about there might be
some of the crown jewels certainly not
only not only the substance of the
secrets but how we collected those
secrets
you
you
