in southern Japan living a long life is
one of the greatest human achievements
we're just driving through the streets
of Okinawa joining a catchy Mayan
celebration which is good lady hi this
lady turning 97 okay we actually have
one of the oldest populations of the
world when someone times 97 it's a sort
of a turning point when you return to
your so many Okinawans live past a
hundred that the entire island chain is
known as a bluesy
meaning it's a longevity hotspot where
the rate of centenarians per capita is
among the highest on earth everyone's
just trying to get a glimpse of her
congratulate her get to shake hands with
her she's like a little maple slab
what's your secret
Okinawans have far lower rates of cancer
heart disease and dementia than
Americans and the reasons why are no
longer a mystery for over 40 years dr.
MacArthur Suzuki has been chronicling
the details of the oldest lives in
Okinawa these are all your studies yeah
more than 1,000 sent in areas where the
past 30 years this guy looks pretty
happy and healthy
yes 100 just 100 how old is this person
who is the oldest person you study ah
111 111 why is Okinawa unique in terms
of its longevity
only now fact agha for item Ella biscuit
otto starts not diet culture yes I'm
sure she no money
Salani come back stop hello meetha
meetha the neighbor main physical
activity Samba mega 7 folk heroes phone
jung yong-hwa toe GG Upton's young man
mega mucho have taught over Hajime I
honestly thought she order your licenses
hermana you know I don't know Katya my
mother it she owed you a keen eye to no
answer so they were nicer Jean touch
them so you don't Kinari
yes see it is Sheena night talking
dnaliens this Okinawan study is part of
an emerging field of longevity research
taking place worldwide in the hopes of
unlocking the biological mysteries of
the longest-lived
one of the most renowned is the
Institute for aging research at the
Albert Einstein College of Medicine
directed by dr. near Basel I so how do
you plan to allow people to live a long
and healthy life we have over 50 labs
that are looking at the biology of aging
from several perspectives and we're
trying to coordinate the efforts that
can allow us to target the aging process
and kind of slow it as much as we can
in this lab they're focusing on how can
we turn all cells into younger
functional cells
besides cells Bosley and his team are
looking at ways to hack our metabolisms
and even DNA in order to fend off age
related illnesses
they've even begun preparing for the
first-ever human clinical trial of a
drug that they believe will slow the
aging process metformin is approved by
the FDA for treatment of diabetes
why metformin because if we will
diabetes to take metformin have much
less cardiovascular disease much less
cancers much less cognitive decline and
significant less mortality than people
without diabetes but forming has effects
on processes like inflammation cellular
survival stress defense what we're
predicting will delay variety of
diseases including mortality
cardiovascular disease Alzheimer's
cancer by about 30% in this study the
way we planned it that's huge if dr.
Bosley's estimates are correct average
lifespans could jump way up to 25 years
but well metformin goes through the
expense of FDA approval process
dozens of age defying products are
already being sold
none of these are defined as medicine
which enables them to skirt the FDA's
requirements
in that gray area between being
medicinal or not the stem-cell clinics
Thanks stem-cell treatments employ a
controversial form of body hacking that
many thing can help you stay forever
young small little bitch okay we do
regenerative medicine here we help
people feel better by using the body's
own healing abilities dr. Chen is
harvesting this woman's fat so he can
collect the missing kimmel stem cells
inside it the basic building block of
our body are stem cells as we get older
the amount of viable and healthy stem
cells is less we can now sell shock
cells and so these stem cells actually
wake up to repair the body the fast
Lucien is then shaken up like martini to
prepare the stem cells or as dr. Cheng
called them
medicinal thickening cells for
activation I think this is familiar I'm
very optimistic
this woman is receiving stem cell
treatment in her needs which are
arthritic what stem cells do is they
basically recruit other cells into the
area it's almost like leaving a honing
signal so now the body says hey oh I'm
injured I actually should start healing
are you better
the FDA has only approved a few stem
cell treatments because of the limited
clinical trial data but dr. Chen
believes that stem cells not only have
orthopedic benefits they also may extend
our lives and he's not just selling the
idea he's living it so right now I'm
having my blood taken that will then get
the process in a centrifuge and then
we're gonna connect it into me IV for me
it's for systemic health I feel like if
you're constantly in a state of healing
the likelihood of getting sick is
extremely low
I don't really get sick at all what
we're producing is platelet-rich plasma
and that's pretty commonly known as PRP
all the regenerative elements are in
there
okay so what's gonna happen him he's
going to just connect me to the nad
solution replenishing the mitochondria
function and you do that simultaneously
whilst you're putting the plasma back
into correct okay plus the laser I'm
putting a fiber-optic cable in my vein
so as my heart pumps the cells into the
blood it passes through the laser
picking up energies photochemistry how
long do you think you're gonna live for
I mean I'm happy with a hundred more
than 500 of these boutique sized clinics
are currently operating in the US
without the need for government approval
but dwarfing these businesses are the
longevity ventures being formed by
today's wealthiest tech entrepreneurs
for pouring hundreds of millions of
dollars into disrupting human life
itself we don't have to die a physical
death our consciousness can continue for
a longer period of time
perpetual life that's what we believe it
one of the largest is run by craig
Venter who lists mapping the first human
genome and creating the first forms of
synthetic life as just some of his
achievements he's now co-founded the
company human longevity here that you're
known as the Steve Jobs of the biotech
world that's a good positive one so I
like
describe it I'm sort of the Yorkists
truck conductor you know so I have close
to 600 scientists here in the three
different organizations and in the
biotech world there's a lot of
researchers and scientists but you're an
entrepreneur essentially I think to be a
good scientist today you have to be
entrepreneurial
especially in this field where it costs
so much
vente has led multiple biotech firms and
foundations dedicated to the human
genome including synthetic genomics and
the J craig Venter Institute but at
human longevity you can use all that
research to map your own genome good
morning for the bargain price of $25,000
access T instead of simply getting your
blood and your temperature taken HL eyes
testing takes all day this is an
electronic floor it has thousands of
sensors and this is gonna analyze your
movement and your gait so I want you to
count out loud backwards by threes and I
want you to start at 200 200 197 194 185
182 finger-tapping test the objective is
to tap a key as quickly as possible
and we actually made that collective
stool sample and you'll just slide the
sample across rather than pushing it
through just slide it across we're used
to thinking of ourselves as intact so
it's a very different view of ourselves
three two and one holding when we
sequence your genome
we'll find around 8,000 extremely rare
variants and those are things more
likely to delete two unique traits or
even diseases and what proportion of
people who have been through the program
have something wrong with them we find
in about 40% of people serious
potentially life-threatening medical
issues if he saw bright spots pop up and
these darker regions then we would know
that there's a problem there I don't
mean scary I just you know I'm not to
interpret these that's for the
radiologist a few weeks later you're
given a prognosis for not just your
present state of health but your future
as well this is the big day where you
get all your results we made an avatar
of you with her multiple camera system
your vision so overall it's good news we
didn't find anything truly wrong we only
found hints of early disease slightly
higher than normal liver fat insulin
sensitivity and the slight tendency for
metabolic syndrome and diabetes does
that mean that this should act as a
warning in terms of my life absolutely
you have control and that's what most
people don't realize this data gives you
well the data slapped me with some
long-term issues to mull over the real
breakthrough here is that it can be used
to specifically isolate and discover
deadly diseases which drastically lower
humanity's average life expectancy with
cancer we've been finding that at stage
zero stage one in early stage two where
it's completely treatable we found
several people
that have episodic atrial fibrillation
that there's one of the major causes of
stroke just putting them on
anticoagulants can be life-saving in
that case we need to have interventions
to overcome defects and our genetic code
that could lead to early death
but beyond early detection is a bigger
goal vente is coupling the data
collected from health nucleus
participants with tens of thousands of
sequenced genomes to create the first
predictive model of health analysis why
is data the answer here the complexity
of the genome 6.4 billion letters of
genetic code is enough on its own that
you need a lot of data to analyze it so
we use massive computing but we also use
machine learning where tools in the
computer can look at data and learn
faster than mere mortals can we're
starting to understand the patterns and
the code every day our system gets more
and more and more powerful
I think we're at the tipping point aging
can be manipulated is science now not
science fiction does the answer to
longer life live within us I think so
I think there's a lot of things that we
haven't unlocked in human physiology the
next thing is how do you activate it
we're learning things faster than we've
ever learned in the history of science
now anybody that's born in this next
decade has a greatly increased chance of
living into triple digits why do you
think this is alluring I think in two to
three hundred years there'll be
extensive editing of every human genome
everything will be based on genetic
predictions making people stronger
smarter healthier and living longer
