tonight the new plan for nuclear weapons
the TV star turned Putin rival and
Obama's clemency alumni how can I show
him that I'm trying to do right when I'm
constantly having roadblocks
with the government set to shutdown on
Friday President Trump said he'd love to
see it happen if Congress doesn't come
up with a solution to immigration and
border security as part of the budget
let's have a shutdown will do a shutdown
and it's worth it for our country I'd
love to see a shutdown and we don't get
this stuff taken care of
Republican representative Barbara
Comstock pushed back and told him quote
we don't need a shutdown over this a
Philadelphia judge reinstated
involuntary manslaughter and reckless
endangerment charges against the Amtrak
engineer at the controls during a deadly
2015 derailment eight people were killed
and more than 200 were injured when the
train went off the tracks in
Philadelphia going more than double the
speed limit around a curve today Judge
Catherine Lewis found that there's
sufficient evidence against Brandon
Bostian to send the case to trial last
year another judge ruled the derailment
accidental a decision prosecutors
appealed federal safety investigators
previously determined that Boston was
distracted by radio chatter his lawyer
has said the speeding was a momentary
lapse but not a crime
today three Maldives Supreme Court
justices annulled their own decision
ordering the release of political
prisoners president Abdulla yameen Abdul
Gayoom likened the ruling to a coup and
declared a 15-day state of emergency
yesterday last night soldiers went to
the Supreme Court and reportedly
arrested two justices there authorities
also detained a former president who's
now an opposition leader at least two
people are dead and almost a dozen are
missing after intense flooding and
landslides in Jakarta and neighboring
cities officials say around 6500 people
have been displaced and are staying in
shelters rescuers managed to free one
woman from her car after she was hemmed
in by a landslide for 13 hours Elon
Musk's SpaceX successfully launched the
world's most powerful operational rocket
today at Cape Canaveral the Falcon Heavy
will be able to lift payloads up to
140,000 pounds but for its first test
launch today it carried musk spread
tesla playing david bowie as it travels
towards mars the side boosters returned
to earth for reuse in a synchronized
landing at the launch pad
Vladimir Putin is all set to run for
president again Russia Central Election
Commission registered his candidacy
today there's almost no question that
Putin will win a fourth term in March
but the question of what shape the
opposition to Putin will take is more in
doubt than it's been in decades pitting
an old foe of Putin Alexei Navalny
against a new one a socialite TV star
named Sania soap check
everywhere saying a subject goes Russian
media follows other opposition figures
like a Lexington II have a low profile
in Russia and are almost never mentioned
on state-controlled TV subjects a list
status gives her an edge but it also
leaves her open to criticism she made
her name as a professional socialite
writing a book called how to marry an
oligarch and hosting the Russian Big
Brother house to strategy at senior
subject in Italy prank don't work this
low-key subset he should rock Drogo she
would prefer Russian voters focus on her
reinvention as a political talk show
host brought a starfish DOMA night
Mubarak when showing his motions needs
Ronald Reagan was also an actor I don't
see something that much I should be
ashamed of in my past the social it life
it happened more than 15 years ago and
15 years of political journalism is more
than enough to come to another step in
my life so Dada
nakatsu scholarship problem is that I
lost my card where the bovine the Naga a
summer version of Lagoona
yes attach the glove net succeeded me
quite easiest I would say pisces
subjects campaign strategy is to appeal
to struggling Russians in the places
mainstream politicians usually avoid
like this recent trip to Chechnya at the
youngest some new ionization of ships
you would she crush on zo
but to make any real impact she'll also
need to win over the young liberal
backers of Alexei Navalny who's been
frequently arrested and is now banned
from running Navalny is telling his
movement to abstain rather than vote for
soap check arguing that a low turnout
and a mass boycott will make Putin's
inevitable victory seemed hollow sub
check is trying to convince them
otherwise if people don't like me I
insist they can vote for someone else
but the only stupid thing we can do is
to stay at home because I don't know a
single election in the world that were
changed by staying at home Chechnya
which has fought to independence wars
with Russia since the collapse of the
Soviet Union is both a vivid example of
Putin's grip on power and of the corrupt
system subject says she wants to rebuild
official results in parliamentary
elections here showed an implausible
99.5 percent support for Putin and a
turnout of 99.4% subjects policy
proposals include legalizing gay
marriage and marijuana not popular ideas
with some in this Islamic Republic roads
and shops were closed before her visit
which was cut short by hecklers
first leg again much my madness
you saw today for yourself with people
bullying me on the streets and we can
see those people are coming with
telephones they're speaking with someone
they're getting some orders from we
don't know who and this is how politics
in Russia is sub check is the daughter
of one of putin's own political mentors
which some suspect is why authorities
seem to be tolerating her campaign
she's independently gathered the hundred
thousand signatures needed to secure her
candidacy with poll ratings of about one
percent compared to putin's sixty seven
percent there isn't going to be a
president sub check anytime soon but she
says the long-term goal is building a
new opposition and that this campaign is
the first step i have no chances of
winning those elections and i understand
this those elections will be won by
putin but this is a real opportunity to
my voice to be heard i want to be a
voice of young russia who doesn't want
to leave as we leave now
defense secretary james Maddox briefed
lawmakers today on the Nuclear Posture
review the Trump administration's take
on what nuclear policy should be we
cannot expect success fighting
tomorrow's conflicts with yesterday's
weapons and equipment the review comes
out every eight years but this one is
getting a lot of attention because it
calls for new smaller nuclear weapons
that in theory would be more usable and
says there are times when the US should
be able to use nukes to respond to some
non-nuclear attacks it seems to fit
perfectly with Trump's record of saber
rattling but in reality a lot of the
news about the review is
new at all when the nude Nuclear Posture
review came out last week a lot of
people freaked out about Trump leading
America closer to nuclear war but unlike
almost everything else going on in
Washington this one really isn't about
Trump presidents come and go with the
political tide but nuclear weapons
policy is far more static it's been in
the hands of hawkish military officers
and government scientists since
literally before Donald Trump was born
and these guys think nukes are pretty
good things to have as long as nuclear
weapons exist United States needs to
have a posture with its nuclear weapons
that supports stable deterrence relative
to other nuclear actors who are
potential adversaries Jim Miller is a
former Pentagon official who led Obama's
version of the Nuclear Posture review in
2010 he says the new review is not the
radical departure from past policy that
many critics say it is this Nuclear
Posture review is very consistent with
the 2010 Nuclear Posture review and with
prior US policy it is clear that the
fundamental role of US nuclear weapons
is to deter nuclear use it is
circumspect about the conditions under
which nuclear weapons would be used and
it makes reasonable adjustments given
the changes in the security environment
miller has a point
obama's review did include the threat of
using nukes in response to non nuclear
attack at the time of course Obama was
calling for the world to get to nuclear
zero that's part of why he won a Nobel
Peace Prize
but Obama's final track record wasn't
nearly as good he ended up reducing the
American stockpile by only about 1,200
warheads less than any other president
since the Cold War and he agreed to
spend a trillion dollars on so-called
modernization rehabbing our warheads all
of which are getting old and building
new systems to deliver them oh and those
lower yield weapons those first made a
comeback during the Obama years the
truth is there are good reasons to be
concerned right now The Bulletin of
Atomic Scientists says we are closer to
nuclear war than we
in decades Russia and China have been
racing to improve their nuclear arsenals
and now the Trump administration says
their policy is to catch up
rather than scale down the question now
is whether the policy review is more
than just academic Congress would still
have to approve the money to implement
it and Trump whose boasted about his big
nuclear button and threatened fire and
fury would have to be willing in a
moment of actual war to be strategic
rather than impulsive
right now we are at Louisiana dental
Community College I want to get my
picture ID I'm a little nervous because
it's been a long time since I've been in
school help it's a cute picture I'm 35
and trying to go back to school but I'm
happy that this is something that I
accomplished and it's something that
they can't tell me I can't do
to see it with mine eyne everything in
it it says mrs. door yeah this is the
brightness that Felicia made when she
was in prison
 me she's had ty Erica ever since
she was 17 months we were blessed Eric
and I were blessed to have someone to
keep her especially would be bought for
her parents in prison when she got home
it was awkward because you know you
haven't been around this person for so
long and it's just like the atmosphere
was kind of awkward but after a while we
just got talking him since you've been
home it's just been a lot of laughs
even if we do you mad at each other it's
like we don't never stay mad at each
other for no longer than like about an
hour
I was angry sometimes because sometimes
I feel like it was my fault that they
weren't there
kids would pick on people because they
didn't have their parents at home so
when they asked I'll say oh she's on a
business trip while she's doing this so
she's doing it I wish they could have
been here for something like when I had
my first boyfriend or when my body
started changing so I can ask her back
because no my grandma she kind of oh
nice she's like I don't know
I met Eric when I was 18 at the end of
2000 and that's when our relationship it
was just like really took off I kind of
had a sense but when we first met he
never let me see what he was doing but
when he finally allowed me to see I was
in love with him so my lord he was with
him
did he create it yeah I got a 93
thing I regret is we were not here to
raise our child I thought you had to go
to school I do but I'm giving me a job
that's what I'm that means I get some
money no and I get to decide I'm so
trying to show her I'm more than just
prison I'm trying to show her the other
side of me she hasn't got to see this
the side that go to school that will
work and take care of her
responsibilities as well as try to do
things with her and have fun with her
and also be her mom when you work for
what do I say okay you get allowed and
what you actually what you say is you
got paid that's what you're saying
this is the living room I gotta get some
furniture for this is gonna be Tigers
room this is my room and I can't wait to
give my whole bed frame and just relax
and just talk to God and just pray I'm
excited because this is my first time
having my own with my name on the lease
this is Tiger when she was 3 months I
remember she was so fat and when you sit
her up she'll just slide to the side
that's why we call a bear and she was a
fat bear this picture is the prison the
very first time I received my visit from
Tiger I put this in here so when I
walked through the door and told me to
light get the funny trick I wanted to
see this this is where I once were I'm
here now so that's why I have this right
here I felt like I was starting back
from scratch and I was trying to be a
good example and I want to please myself
my child and Obama for taking the time
out to at least consider and then
granted me the clemency but how can I
show him that I'm trying to do right
when I'm constantly having roadblocks
oh I'm able to use my Hercules strength
oh well this is my new place president
it's been hard but I'm still being
strong
it's I'm nervous about living back and
schrieffer because I really don't know
but like one or two people here I'd have
that picture of Erica these are like her
letters and her report cards that I kept
over the years when we wrote to each
other it's gonna be kind of tough being
far from my daughter I was already gone
from her for twelve and a half years and
I haven't even been home a year yet and
I'm having to dissin myself from her
more but just thank God it's not father
like him back in prison I'm gonna always
make the chance to go have time for her
no matter what's going on in my life
I can head-banging but I wanna damage
these headphones there was a time when
hearing high hat just at the tip that
was quite intense but now that to put it
it I like a bead that I can sing along
with and know the drumbeat seeing the
high hat part I think it's supposed to
be discombobulating that helped the be
kind of disintegrate but just because
you can do it doesn't mean you should
I mean black is very popular color I
mean you guys you can see I represent it
on the opposite side of the spectrum
I'll stop wearing white when they make a
brighter color very capable singer I
mean the singers is so gifted that it's
almost a crime I have dreams where I can
sing like that where I have that ability
to sing as easily as it is to walk down
the street
first I thought I wish she would he or
she would pronounce the words more but I
noticed Michael Jackson towards the end
of his career you couldn't understand a
single word maybe one or two and it just
made you keep listening harder and
harder and harder so there's obviously
something to that approach
sometimes when you have a drum machine
it gets really exciting to chit chat
chit chat to detective that's my
takeaway from the the drum be is there's
a lot of drum sounds on a drum machine
my question is what what am I supposed
to feel because there's music we've
listened to today where the waves of
feeling were extraordinarily strong and
then there's ones where it's almost a
void of feeling and that in itself is a
feeling that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday February 6
