the story of alleged cult nexium has all
the makings of a binge worthy
docu-series a secretive leader who
allegedly had women branded with his
initials wealthy heiresses who helped
finance the organization and a Hollywood
actress accused of luring in fresh
recruits leader Keith Ranieri and
actress aliceandmac have been arrested
and now face charges of sex trafficking
and forced labor
nexium denies it's a cult and says it's
working with the authorities to
demonstrate rhaenyra's innocence
Ranieri and Mac has pleaded not guilty
and are awaiting trial their lawyers
wouldn't comment for this piece but one
person is talking the obsessed former
nexium employee who broke the story in
the first place I'm trying to write a
song that's appropriate for true Ranieri
and this came to my mind
because it is an American story this is
Frank pilato the guy who originally
revealed the alleged sex slave cult
around Keith Ranieri though he lives in
upstate New York he spends time on his
properties in Key West so how much do
you come out here on a boat the answer
is every day I can so what else did you
for fun right about renewing in 2007 par
lotto was recommended to work for
Ranieri by his consultant friends who
both briefly did work for the group
infamous political operatives Roger
stone and Steve pigeon Carlotto is a
real estate developer on paper but had
built a reputation for relentlessness in
local political fights he believes the
Ranieri run nexium was a legit company
under attack from bad people and it sent
him a list of those people to seek and
destroy here was what they wanted me to
do what does this mean smashmouth
225,000 that was what they were willing
to pay me for smashing various people
why do they call it Smash Mouth because
they wanted these people destroyed and
it says here a disbarment 25k does that
mean they'd pay you $25,000 if I did
that if you got him disbarred correct
whoa just a hearing will get you 15k so
this is what they were up to discredit
indict so if you doesn't know it right
wow this is a quite a list
but taking out enemies wasn't the only
thing nexium wanted Prahlada to do when
he was asked to help nexium get a loan
he learned members and Seagram's Ayres
Clare and Sarah Bronfman had lost a
shocking amount of money in the
commodities market he says Clare told
him Ranieri had been making the trades
so well why did you invest 65 million
dollars and lose it all don't you think
that's a little bit unusual and she said
unfortunately my father Edgar Bronfman
senior he wanted to thwart Keith's
successful investment so he manipulated
the entire commodities market in tandem
with the quote unquote Illuminati what
did you think when she told you that I
suspected she was being defrauded then
notice he was fired didn't give a reason
but par lotto thinks it was because he
questioned Ranieri by asking for
receipts of the trades according to
court documents the Bronfman's did lose
65 million in commodities trades and par
lotta recovered millions in real estate
investments for the sisters but in an
act Prahlada sighs of betrayal they
later said he took 1 million dollars
which he claims was payment we were
unable to reach the Bronfman's after
multiple attempts for comment then the
FBI indicted par lotto with the disputed
million dollars a factor in just one in
a string of charges dating back over a
decade Carlotta refused a plea deal and
says he's innocent and so began his war
with nexium and that was when I had an
awakening golly I had no idea of the
depths of their dishonesty and then I
said if they had done this to me and all
of these other enemies that supposedly
had cheated them they were also probably
similarly innocent I turned in an
instant and said this is more than a
kooky group this is a crazy group of
criminally insane group and it's not
just Ranieri
couldn't nexium say you're just a
disgruntled employee with a axe to grind
not only could they say it but they did
say that and I think right well
disgruntled no ex-employee yes ex yes a
punishing axe I sharpened my axe
okay
Carlotto turned on nexium with the fury
it had hired him to use against its
enemies he carpet-bombed Ranieri and
nexium with attacks on his website he
also deployed the two other publications
he co-owns art voice and the Niagara
Falls reporter a tabloid he'd used in
the past to wage war against the popular
Niagara Falls boat tour part of my
strategy was to mock Ranieri my
photoshopped images of him I wrote I
wrote fictional stories about him was to
make him look ridiculous because
sometimes that's necessary - and he
wrote a lot so how many hours total do
you think he spends on this how many
hours are there in a year do you think
you've spent a king out of year on us
maybe some of Pearl autos practices our
question of all he tries to confirm his
scoops with multiple sources but he also
posts the names and photos of the women
who are allegedly nexium slaves tell me
a little bit more about the decision to
name them I mean that's that's pretty
controversial even in newspapers now
they don't name rape victims because
they weren't exclusively victims because
they were recruiting others to be
victims Hulu ISM incredible pressure on
these women to recruit other women into
this sex slavery cult more than two
years into his anti nexium campaign paar
lotto revealed women were being branded
in a secret ceremony
the New York Times confirmed the story
in October which led to a federal
investigation when the New York Times
came out that was the game changer
because then I had validation for all
the things that I had written until the
time story came out what did your
friends and colleagues say about your
obsession I thought I was insane what
would you tell them I got it right one
more story
there's something here and it has to be
stopped
nexium will never be the same but par
lotto isn't overhead he went after me
and I flipped him on his back and landed
him in prison and that's Rios today as
we're speaking here as inmate number
five seven zero zero five - 177 he went
to win and I went to win and he lost
