tonight the memo that's consuming
Washington banning boycotts of Israel
and Canada's unhappy refugees
the man who drove a van into a crowd of
Muslim worshippers in London last year
has been convicted of murder and
attempted murder
Darren Osborne killed a 51 year old man
in the terror attack which injured at
least nine others near Finsbury Park
mosque prosecutors argued that Osborn
was motivated by a hatred of Muslims and
during the attack he reportedly said he
wanted to kill more of them he pleaded
not guilty and is expected to be
sentenced tomorrow the jury in his
eight-day trial deliberated from one
hour poland's senate passed a bill today
making it illegal to accuse the country
of complicity with Nazi Germany during
World War two it would be a crime
punishable by up to three years in
prison to refer to Nazi run
concentration camps such as ash Wits as
polish death camps Israel in the United
States have expressed concern about the
bills potential to rewrite history a
statement by Israel's Holocaust Museum
and memorial Yad Vashem said the law
jeopardizes the free and open discussion
about the persecution of Jews poland's
president still has to sign the bill
which he has said he supports for it to
become law new water restrictions go
into effect in Cape Town today as the
city tries to avoid running out of water
on day zero four million
drought-stricken residents are only
supposed to use about 13 gallons of
water a day or else face fines by
comparison the average American uses
around eighty to a hundred gallons of
water a day
officials have pushed a zero back for
days to April 16th thanks to
conservation efforts but they've warned
they'll have to turn off almost all city
taps and hand out water rations if
residents can't lower their water use
Zimbabwe is new president is going to
issue 99-year leases to white farmers in
an attempt to make the country's
agriculture system more racially
equitable in the 1980's former President
Robert Mugabe seized land for more than
four thousand white Zimbabweans as a way
to address the inequalities of colonial
land ownership but many of those farms
were simply passed on to Mugabe
loyalists and moved that his critics
labelled as cronyism that helped ruin
the economy the Michigan townships
manager and police chief apologized
today for doubting one of Larry's
Nasser's victims when she came to them
in 2004 Brianne Randall gay who appeared
at the event by webstream
says NASA refused her at Michigan State
University when she was 17 on behalf of
the community Police Department -
Breanna we failed you the judge
overseeing Nasser's latest sentencing
said yesterday that the number of
victims the doctor sexually abused has
reached 265 the attorneys for Rick gates
one of the defendants in the Russia
investigation have asked the judges
permission to back out Gates was the
business partner of former Trump
campaign manager Paul Manafort and the
two men have been charged with
conspiracy money laundering making false
statements and serving his unregistered
foreign agents Shandling woo Walter Mack
and Ann Marie McAvoy have asked to
remove themselves from the case for
reasons that only reveal in a non public
document
the country tonight is in the midst of
what may be the most serious
constitutional crisis in its history the
president has fired the man you just saw
the special Watergate prosecutor
Archibald Cox and he has said FBI agents
to the office of the special prosecution
staff and to the Attorney General and
the Deputy Attorney General those clips
are 45 years old but there seem to be
some real parallels between what
happened then and what's happening now
the Saturday night massacre when Richard
Nixon decided that the Watergate
investigation had gone too far he
demanded that his Attorney General and
Deputy Attorney General fired the
special prosecutor both men refused to
do it and resigned so the job of Ag then
fell to the Solicitor General who did
what Nixon wanted and in firing
Archibald Cox Nixon basically ended his
own presidency ten months later he was
on the helicopter flying off into infamy
we haven't quite gotten to Watergate
level drama yet in part because
President Trump hasn't found anyone who
is willing to fire Bob Muller though
Trump apparently wanted to over the
summer the big difference between 1973
and 2018 is that instead of trying to
get to the bottom of the questions
surrounding Russia and obstruction of
justice many in Congress seem to think
their job is to only protect the
president everyone here in DC is waiting
for the release of the much-hyped Nunez
memo a possible shot to the heart of the
Russia investigation it'll be in the
form of a four-page document from the
Republicans on the House Intelligence
Committee over the intense objection of
trumps own Justice Department and FBI
which has quote grave concerns about
material omissions of fact that
fundamentally impact the memos accuracy
congressional Democrats aren't pleased
either now we the public haven't seen
that cherry-picked classified
information yet apparently because the
White House is declassifying it today
for release tomorrow but the argument
the GOP is making here is that they have
to speak out because the FBI might be up
to no good
the main allegation in the memo we're
told is that Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein who is a Republican
wrongfully approved surveillance of a
trump associate a guy named Carter Paige
the GOP argue
says that the FISA warrant that thing
you need to eavesdrop on Americans was
done in haste partially based on the
infamous steel dossier based on
everything we've seen the FBI wouldn't
have been able to get a FISA warrant
without probable cause to believe that
Paige was acting as a foreign agent and
that would require dozens of pages of
exhaustive documentation and it's been
reported that Carter page had been the
target of surveillance since 2014 the
GOP argument says that the steel dossier
is a discredited campaign document
funded by Hillary Clinton but the firm
that created the dossier says that it
was originally funded by a conservative
media outlet before the Democrats even
picked it up and the firm testified that
it believed the FBI had its own sources
telling it the same things that Russia
was trying to help elect Trump and that
key players in Trump's orbit had had
extensive contact with Russians the
Democratic minority is loudly calling
 on the memo and the rationale
for releasing it but in the house
they're being shut down by the
Republicans led by Devin Nunez the
chairman of the Intel committee remember
back in March Nunez held a press
conference saying he had information
that Trump associates had been
victimized by Obama administration
intelligence gathering then he rushed
off to brief the White House only to
have it revealed that the White House
fed noon as the information in the first
place the night before Nunez then had to
step aside from the Russian
investigation while the ethics committee
investigated whether he'd improperly
leaked classified information the panel
closed the investigation in early
December and Nunez declared himself
cleared but according to the Atlantic
that's only because investigators could
never get their hands on the actual
source material that Nunez was talking
about so here we are in a moment so
ridiculous that it's easy to forget just
how dangerous events the institution's
we rely on to check and balance each
other no longer seem to agree on the
truth or even whose responsibility it is
to determine it of course
everyone in this drama can defend the
sincerity of their actions in the
abstract it's not crazy for the head of
the House Intelligence Committee to one
oversight of the FBI and it's not crazy
to suspect that a FISA warrant might
have been granted improperly but the
evidence
and the straight-up shadiness keeps
accumulating there's a lot of smoke
suggesting that somewhere here there's
actual fire that realization alone is
doing real damage to the American system
which when you think about it is exactly
what the Russians wanted to achieve in
the first place
last March vice news followed jose
castillo an undocumented immigrant who
uprooted his family and hid them in the
basement of a church in Buffalo
I'm bad good day I'm not the law Yamaha
and snuck them across the border to
Canada to seek asylum after almost 12
hours of vetting he and his family were
finally granted a refugee hearing and
allowed him Emily
Goodell certainly not a lot the more of
this like tens of thousands of
immigrants because they thought Canada
would welcome him with open arms but now
just ten months later the promise of
Canada isn't all that it seemed
Zota do I feel a guitar soloing Ivalo
who knows king salmon dollar in the
corral de niro solo como ella ella verba
neo me tender holla larga avatar me De
Niro matinee Italian Casa Mendoza in
cierto cassava to insert a solo medieval
abogado mira jose castillo is the answer
reaper demo to castle Jose's refugee
claim was denied even after he appeal in
December he was told to show up to an
immigration office with all of his
documents which is usually what happens
before you get deported hello Eko you
know my present as a symptom coma are
the government and they had a horribly
familiar travels all know that I am a
pasar con permiso travel over the role
of a surah instead of turning himself in
he moved his wife and kids to Vancouver
to live with his sister which shifted
his case from the top of the pile in
Alberta to the bottom of the pile in
British Columbia moving to the back of
the line has bought them some more time
but it's also separated them Jose stayed
in Edmonton to try to make back some of
the money he lost during his case
tomorrow no est√° cerca de la familia no
Shamian attorney Ron no no tener mi
familia Tyson cinto solo yes or Brenda
Starr Anita situatio he had the canoe
command paralyzed inclusive are
epithelial Arabica really well never
came until innocent Okumura salah water
by kimonos and t / mucho honua natal nil
he has really about element jose thought
he was said he's from El Salvador which
is one of the highest murder rates in
the world
in Canada loves immigrants just ask its
prime minister but getting refugee
status isn't that simple it's not enough
to come from a dangerous place you have
to convince a judge that you
specifically would be in danger if sent
back
many many times with an extremely
heartbroken and angry at the same time
because people have uprooted themselves
based upon expectations that were
completely false
Lauren Waldman is a prominent refugee
and immigration lawyer he's been hearing
from a lot of people like Jose lately
and wishes they had been better informed
a refugee is someone who if they go back
to their country can convince an
adjudicator that there is a serious
possibility that they will be persecuted
so if you've been outside of your
country for 10 years it's harder to
establish that you're gonna get into
trouble when you go back the false hope
that Canada welcomes everyone led more
than 20,000 people to cross the border
from the US last year about twice as
many as the year before the vast
majority of those cases are still
pending which is backed up the entire
system
Canada can't stop the people from coming
but it can try to dissuade them before
they do and that's exactly what it's
been doing with targeted infographics
cautionary tweets and personal visits
from multilingual government officials
it's really important to speak with
people that you other people that do
your job that know that communities are
very involved earlier this month Pablo
Rodriguez a Member of Parliament from
Montreal flew all the way down to Los
Angeles to meet with Central American
community leaders a lot of people they
serve had just learned that their
temporary protected status or TPS will
run out next year know something about
that will change money that is a rule
it's this turn handle yeah and
participation okay for the most okay
Prime Minister Trudeau's enthusiasm
toward immigrants inspired so much false
hope last year that he's even tried to
walk some of it back we are a country of
laws there are rigorous immigration and
customs rules that will be followed make
no mistake we enforce them
but the message clearly hasn't gone far
enough I'm here basically to counter
some misinformation that circulated in a
lot of media's in Latin American
community for example that Canada has a
special program for TPS beneficiaries
which is which is not the case or that
you can just come in together and stay
there for the rest of your life and
which is also as you know not true so is
it fair to say that Canada is maybe not
quite as open of a border as people view
it well it is as long as as you follow
the rules are requirements and the
regulations man really craves your
taboos Joe please for Canada quiero que
que cada el para√≠so KJ ye first a mood
for you porque if it I in a naturally
semana the kid care costs on possibly
when I was in no loss son Jack Amira
yeah Yonatan Eleanor cousin Dave and
Jose's last hope is that Canada will let
he and his family stayed through
something called humanitarian and
compassionate grounds an exception
sometimes made for immigrants who have
already settled in Canada and have young
children or family in the country but
it's not a guarantee and it could be
years until he finds out
huh
yeah I'm not are doing a guardian Sirota
trabajando para para para comprar algo
an know again what assyrian equivalent
Barna ban I love you
this week a federal judge temporarily
blocked a Kansas law that bars people
and companies from doing business with
the state unless they pledged that
they're not boycotting Israel that may
sound like a weird thing for Kansas
legislators to worry about but the law
is part of an improbable legislative
trend that swept America over the past
couple of years 24 states have already
put some kind of limit on doing business
with contractors that won't say they're
not boycotting Israel another 11 states
are considering similar bills and two
Americans have already lost government
contracts because of the rules so many
laws and so little time begs the
question why you gene contour ovitch is
an American Israeli lawyer who's advised
States on drafting anti Israeli boycott
legislation these laws don't have
anything to do with foreign policy the
goal is to prevent taxpayer dollars and
deals and supporting what states have
identified as a cover for impermissible
discrimination so just like states pass
rules saying that contractors can't
engage in unfair trade practices like
discrimination against LGBT s this is
the exact parallel equating an
anti-israel boycott with anti LGBT
discrimination may seem like a stretch
but several of these laws suggest that
fighting anti-semitism is their
motivation
California's for example aims to protect
individuals of the Jewish faith but
there are already laws on the books in
these states that prohibit
discrimination on the basis of religion
or ethnicity instead these new laws
protect the interests of a foreign
country Israel by threatening to
penalize local companies for not doing
business with it
that's because they're part of a broader
backlash against the boycott divestment
and sanctions campaign
or BDS BDS is a global grassroots
movement that uses economic tools to
fight its Rios occupation of Palestinian
territory and alleged human rights
abuses it's gained steam in the last few
years which unco incidentally is when
anti BDS laws in the u.s. started
proliferating it's completely clear that
these laws are squarely aimed at
stamping out PDS for example the
legislative history behind a Kansas law
included statements like if we don't
stop BDS now we'll lose the hearts and
minds for the next generation the
purpose of these laws is to frighten
people it's to kill them away from
engaging in constitutionally protected
speech by making them think that
participating in boycotts of Israel are
somehow illegal the best analogy to the
Kansas law is the loyalty oaths that
state and federal government employees
beginning under President Truman once
had to sign to prove they weren't
communists and as with those oaths the
key question here is whether the law
unconstitutionally infringes on people's
free speech rights there's a good
argument that it does the Supreme Court
has ruled in the past that people have
the right to mount political boycotts
and that governments can't impose
ideological litmus tests on employees
and contractors but even if the anti
boycott campaign is constitutionally
shaky it's getting stronger politically
Congress is expected to take up a
federal anti BDS bill later this year
hi I'm Ian I'm Simone and we are 2/6 of
the go team
I've always had a thing about Morse code
and the the idea of distress signals and
applying not an emergency to love
problems you know this kind of
melodramatic love emergency signal help
me come and help me I'm in trouble I
thought SOS now that's been done already
by a blur made a kind of was like yeah
called it's like a girl is in trouble
and she's crying out for help but she's
not a the intro is quite sort of
60 psyche we actually have this is a
guitar that had a special bridge put on
it kinda catches on the string so when
you play it guys the it's it's you're
basically alternating a guitar to turn
it interest at are
the bass in this song is really
important actually because it's kind of
the driving force with the song Serge
Gainsbourg kind of quite plucky
doom-doom doom-doom doom-doom doom-doom
but then it suddenly switches to
something which is much more
blaxploitation IAM and much more funk by
still doing the DM doing diddly doo to
do
because I'm so used to really hating
drums like just beating the living
daylights out of them I have to change
how I pay so frequently - you always had
a bit of a thing about Detroit you know
you kind of got the punk noisy but then
you've got the cute lady soul Motown
things and it's kind of like the Venn
diagram is like they're in Detroit you
know so I looked up like if there was a
youth choir in Detroit and their band
leader called mr. white realized that
the champ wasn't just a Chan in any key
it was actually in this note here
so I asked mr. white is there any girls
here who were like drama queens you know
and he went yeah and I was imagining
something a bit like maybe like the
shangri-la's or some kind of echoey
voice
these weird little sections site
blaxploitation cheerleader gang vocals
double dutchy stuff you know it is it's
all over the shop earning you know when
you're a kid and you like mix paint in
class then it has into this like color
that just work lunch it's like that
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
February first
you
