tonight boycotting the State of the
Union he cannot govern hunting a
neo-nazi and the wall that didn't come
down
Trump administration officials discussed
trying to reverse an undocumented teens
abortion according to documents obtained
exclusively by Vice news the teen was
undergoing a medical abortion which
involves taking two different pills 24
to 48 hours apart after she'd taken the
first pill an official asked the clinic
handling her case about the safety of
using the hormone progesterone to
reverse an abortion that idea has never
been scientifically proven there's no
evidence that the officials actually
tried it the office of refugee
resettlement part of the Department of
Health and Human Services has tried to
block several undocumented teenagers in
its custody from ending their
pregnancies its parent agency declined
to comment for this story Brenda
Fitzgerald the director of the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention
resigned today after a report that she
bought shares in a tobacco company while
leading the agency part of the CDC's
mission is to fight smoking and prevent
children from getting addicted yesterday
Politico reported that Fitzgerald who
became head of the agency in July bought
between a thousand and fifteen thousand
dollars worth of shares in Japan tobacco
in August she didn't sell the stocks
until the end of October in announcing
Fitzgerald's resignation the Department
of Health and Human Services said her
quote complex financial interests
limited her ability to complete all of
her duties an Amtrak train carrying
Republican lawmakers crashed into a
garbage truck outside Charlottesville
Virginia leaving one person in the truck
dead at least five people have been
reported injured none of the members of
Congress on board the train were
seriously hurt the group which included
House Speaker Paul Ryan was traveling to
an annual retreat in West Virginia
officials are still investigating the
cause of the crash
South Carolina representative trey Gowdy
announced today he will not be seeking
re-election will be leaving politics
entirely Gowdy a Republican is the
chairman of the House Committee on
Oversight and reform and he ran the
highly polarizing House Select Committee
on Benghazi
unlike other Republicans who have
announced their retirement Gowdy was not
facing a difficult re-election he's a
former federal prosecutor and he said
today that'll be returning to work in
law which he said he enjoys more than
politics
the FBI is publicly challenging the
accuracy of a controversial secret memo
offered by Republicans on the House
Intelligence Committee the memo
reportedly claims that the Justice
Department based its surveillance of a
trump associate on politically tainted
intelligence in a statement the FBI said
and only had a limited opportunity to
review the memo and that it has quote
grave concerns about material omissions
of facts that fundamentally impact the
memos accuracy the house Intel Committee
Chairman Devin newness released his own
statement accusing the FBI of been
holding facts of its own President Trump
has said he wants to see the memo
released
president Trump's first State of the
Union speech was supposed to be all
about unity the hand across the aisle so
tonight I am extending an open hand to
work with members of both parties not
surprisingly Democrats didn't take it
that way during the speech they mostly
sat while Republicans stood and cheered
Trump on and 14 Democrats didn't even
bother to attend in the first place
representative jan Schakowsky is served
in Congress since 1999 this was the
first State of the Union address she
didn't watch from inside the house
chamber since she was elected 14
Democrats said not to go right is that
enough to make any sort of statement my
personal statement is the emperor has no
clothes but you're like a really strong
progressive so it's not too surprising
that any Republican president state of
the union would not sort of jibe with is
not any president I don't want him to be
normalized it is not normal mr. speaker
the president's cabinet
I hear they call God what do you guys
all talk about in this milling around
period we're watching you all well I you
know will also be identifying people
making snide comments about how they
look I know it's small talk sort of
gossipy watching the speech which the
cow Skeeter AIDS was like an episode of
Mystery Science Theater 3000 oh that is
a joke where the movie wasn't so bad it
was good it just really pissed the
robots off here's my theory of Donald
Trump and the art of the deal he is not
really about a win-win situation if he's
a winner he wants to be a loser
so what impecca's I have won being a
member of Congress really really hard to
to find a compromise even things that
sounded pretty benign were not too
Schakowsky after years and years of wage
stagnation we are finally seeing rising
now actually do you have those charts on
wages oh you brought material live rapid
reverse where's the wage thing right
here this is better than Twitter
congresswoman I could just need actually
Japanese stock market booming but wages
for working Americans remained flat and
the erican wages rose a sluggish 2.5
percent last year so this is not about
successful or ordinary people be it
means he did say they rose and they did
rise
it is a sluggish that's and already
touchy subjects like immigration were
really touchy subjects we focus on the
immediate family by limiting
sponsorships to spouses and minor
children this is how you build community
by bringing family family together this
is just base voters for him this doesn't
mean it feels mean to you so mean in
recent weeks to terrorist attacks in New
York were made possible by the Visa
Lottery and chain migration chain we you
know we had chain migration people came
in changed at the bottom of boats it was
called slavery that was chain migration
this is family unification that we're
talking about and that he's calling
chain migration after almost 90 minutes
of a relatively calm speech by President
Trump Schakowsky XIV nning ended where
it began do you feel like you're saying
that speech makes you feel like it's
gonna be a compromise on action not at
all
the absolute worst this was an
anti-immigrant speech anything the
speech made you feel like there's really
a compromise deal on like a budget he
cannot govern these Republicans cannot
govern that that's it no one the budget
no in the budget what about
infrastructure doesn't sound good to me
no do you think you made the right call
not to go absolutely it was like he made
a decision to just veer right to his
base there was some fairly boring
language that that he did that
you know picked at the heartstrings of
America's I I get that I'm a patriot I
believe in the greatness of our country
but it was at the expense of of a lot of
people that he does not respect one of
the president's big policy announcements
last night was that he signed an order
to keep the prison at Guantanamo Bay
open we continue to have all necessary
power to detain terrorists wherever we
chase them down wherever we find them
and in many cases then it will now be
Guantanamo Bay in addition to housing 41
remaining inmates Guantanamo is also
home to one of the most convoluted legal
proceedings in American history earlier
this month the military judge overseeing
the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
who's accused of planning the 9/11
attacks announced that he himself did
nothing wrong in allowing the government
to destroy one of the so-called black
sites where the defendant was held that
a judge should be allowed to rule on his
own actions as it best darkly comic but
at the center of the Gitmo legal saga is
something deadly serious whether justice
for the 9/11 attacks will ever be served
in whether in pursuing it the US
government committed crimes of its own
the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed the
alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks
has been going on for almost a decade
and yet it hasn't really started at all
that's because defense lawyers and the
prosecution have been stuck in a battle
over what the CIA did to KSM in the
years after he was detained thanks to
the work of investigators
we know that KSM was one of a number of
so-called high-value detainees who were
held in a network of CIA's secret
facilities or black sites where they
were tortured the black sites were
located in remote places around the
world first in Thailand and Afghanistan
later in parts of Eastern Europe like
Poland in Lithuania there are typically
bland structures that seem to have
almost been designed to be hard to
remember with cramped cells and
miserable conditions and so little
ambient light and sound that some
witnesses compared them to modern-day
dungeons but here's the thing even after
so much time has passed the government
still won't acknowledge any of this it
won't confirm the locations of the black
sites or who was held where or when or
what exactly happened to them
it won't even let defense attorneys like
David Nevin who represents KSM in his
death penalty case conduct their own
research we've been told that if we so
much as approach a CI age and it's a
what do you know about the torture of my
client you're told you'll be committing
a crime if you do that the lawyers goal
here is to come up with an accurate
timeline of the torture under the
Constitution torture is supposed to be
disqualified so any confession made in
its wake should be inadmissible even in
a military court
they also hope it might help sway the
jury during sentencing evidence of
torture often convinces jurors to skip
the death penalty that's why the defense
attorneys had wanted to visit one of the
actual black sites Alka Pradhan
represents a Morrow Belushi one of Osama
bin Laden's suspected couriers just
standing in the site can tell you what
conditions were like at a certain time
of year the temperature in the site the
line of sight from a detainee cell out
into the hallway the fixtures in a
detainee cell whether there was there
was shacking points even if a sin site
has been cleansed you can go in with a
forensic expert and find out quite a lot
we need to be able to say that on this
day we know that these things happen to
him that he was you know tortured with
water and that he was beaten up and that
he was given a traumatic brain injury
and strip naked and you know being
shackled to a point on the floor in that
sense what the lawyers are asking for is
incredibly basic a full accounting of
the war on terror
replacement with non-white savages
Andrew Anglin founder of the daily
stormer is one of the world's most
notorious neo-nazis in April the
Southern Poverty Law Center filed a
civil suit against him claiming he
harassed and intimidated a Jewish woman
in Montana by urging his readers to
unleash a troll storm hundreds of
threatening messages targeting her and
her 12 year-old son but the case could
be dismissed because Anglin is nowhere
to be found
he's hiding out to avoid getting served
with court documents he's at the bar
across the street
jeffco mains is the process server hired
to serve NGO england he works with his
niece Erica who's also his protege
cremains has been searching for England
since last May he just received a call
from an informant saying England had
been at a downtown steak house and then
fled into this hotel that guy shouldn't
that chair right there that's not one of
your your people is it miss Erica said
he's been here the whole time since
we've been here can you can you see us
can you see his phone from there what's
he doing just what Facebook or something
all right
ten-four hi bye he's on Facebook Eric I
could see right knows phone but just
knowing he's in here is just I it's it's
I'm happy about it I'm also frustrated
you know I don't know where he's at in
here I can't there's not really a whole
heck of a lot I can do right now the old
game a hide-and-seek command said it was
his best tip in months but later the
tipster hedged saying he wasn't a
hundred percent certain lawyers hire
Cremeans to deliver legal documents to
the people they're suing it's what you
have to do to get most lawsuits starting
command says he's never seen someone
work as hard as England to duck being
served you know people that don't want
to be served make our jobs difficult
that's all there is to it you know
commands has served thousands of people
over 25 years he pecks his success rate
at about 90 percent pretty good given
that sometimes the defendants turn out
to be dead we go and we hand the papers
and we tell them they've been served
that's it glorified mailman we've been
called why in the age of email do you
have to give them a physical papers
that's a good question I think this
proves of the court that yes they were
indeed legally lawfully served and they
could proceed with the case
now we don't want any trouble were just
looking for Andrew can you happen uh no
Ranger zapped by any chance it's a relic
of a time when the only way to notify
someone they were being sued was with
paper in person or by mail over time the
custom was formalized and whether a
court has jurisdiction over someone can
make them appear in court can make them
pay a fine and so on depends on serving
those papers adding to the pressure
if cremains doesn't find his man the
case could be thrown out
England's lawyer Mark Rand azza filed a
motion to dismiss that focuses on the
fact that his client hasn't been served
the cases dragged cremains into a dark
world and turned him for the moment into
a professional Nazi hunter how much did
you know about this alright
white nationalist movement before you
got this case not much at all I had
heard of the Richard Spencer
type of thing this case is certainly
educated mean a lot others on what those
guys are up to and what they're doing
angling claims he's not a resident of
any US state and is living somewhere
abroad but he's from Columbus online he
said he's picked up donations at his
father's business here
soaked remains has looked all over the
city including at the many properties
England's father owns in town yeah this
was the building his father has his
business in where Andrews used this for
an address both for a mailing address
and he's received checks here and your
service has visited here yes yeah we
talked to front desk people talk you
know again first time they were
cooperative second time not so much so
anyone connected to angling could bring
four means closer to England himself we
need to protect the Nazis we need to
protect the KKK we need to protect
voices that we disagree with and when I
want to shut that includes his lawyer
mark Randazzo who's based in Las Vegas
but showed up in a high
tremaine's was tipped off to Randazzo's
flight while he was still in the air and
went to the airport and recorded him he
was like about as inconspicuous as a
turd in a Punchbowl
or dick in the mashed potatoes you know
there was somebody there you know I
don't he's a private investigator or
just somebody who finds me attractive
Randazzo took a photo of his own I think
I was more discreet at it than he was he
should just come up and introduced
himself and said hi and like ask me a
few questions I wasn't really following
him I just wanted to show that he was
there I was looking for Andrew England
so he's make it look like he's trying to
put me down Sam a bad processor a bad PR
whatever so you know that Randazzo was
in town looked like strong
circumstantial evidence that England was
- later that night Wren Daza tweeted a
photo from a steak house a tipster went
by and said he thought he saw England
inside sitting with a man who wasn't
pinned Aza
but Randazzo's swore up and down he
wasn't there to see England I am here on
an unrelated case I'm conducting a
deposition of a plaintiff in a
defamation case and it's totally not not
to stuff no not at all the day after we
spoke to R and aza England posted this
on gab a social media network popular
with white nationalists
Randazzo later told us he's never met
England in person
but cremains says he has met Anglin
face-to-face in a chance encounter at
his local grocery store which he
described in a sworn statement I just
recently got the video surveillance back
of the Meijer store when I was there and
if you guys want to watch that I can go
over that with you yes I just got it
this morning so let's check that out
in December commands was shopping with
his son when he spotted Anglin at the
self-checkout buying protein powder but
he couldn't serve him because he didn't
have the papers with him there's danger
angling right there his white normal
power even looks over at me clear as day
then he walks up he's looking at me this
is where I seemed take out his wallet
nope nope he puts down his wallet he
gets out this white envelope to show him
that's it's him now is it possible that
is just someone who looks cut another
guy because I've watched so many videos
of him I've seen so many pictures of him
all the facial features everything it
was him I'm a hundred ten percent sure
and what would be the penalty if you
misrepresented any bum fines jail time
night career yeah I mean there would be
a lot riding if I signed a document and
was lying or if I fabricated the story
happen yeah wish had to play the lottery
that day yeah it happened you're hunting
somebody for the better part of a year
you happen to bump into this guy in a
grocery store I mean I want to meet this
guy touch his head and then go buy a
lottery ticket I mean what are the odds
of that
do you think it's fitting that he chose
people from the safety of his computer
without ever having to confront them in
person and here he adds again avoiding
that physical oh yes yeah there's a word
for that it's cowardly it's as simple as
that
yeah he's gonna keep hiding what you're
gonna get him I'm gonna get him somehow
someway
the Berlin Wall was the ultimate symbol
of the decades long cold war division
between the Communist Soviet bloc in the
West in the years after the Berlin Wall
was symbolically knocked down in 1989
starting the path to German
reunification most of the wall was
demolished at least that's what everyone
thought
as omens like mannequin tied into series
me Feliciano
Alice vos itís right about Tyler I
taking stand on English's the item bout
I'll isn't missile for dolphin family
finance impatient artists kiting feeders
a fan of the unleash a fine Christian
bought man's friends call him the German
Indiana Jones
he spends much of his free time
exploring his neighborhood in North East
Berlin Christian has found everything
from 19th century glass bottles to world
war ii era bunkers but recently he
announced through a post on his blog
that he'd found something with major
historical significance a 300 foot
stretch at the original berlin wall
dance classes Filippelli namaha I insist
assigned bit soon for machine in his
tools and some 400,000 within yeah I was
in my one from Klein always annoys and
give the boys an for Christian who grew
up in isolated East Berlin the find
meant a lot to him personally
it's King published the entire fun ah
spelling Isaiah kleiner is lost in my
name for villainous dope artists with
inferior mowers good now the skiing tire
any clear thought is a client in this is
lost in your mind was a young CEO Chris
Rado strategy from as Kent Avada who let
us compare the gang ties in Coto de
l'arche made steel
this is potentially the last
undiscovered section of the original
berlin wall dimension fun unlike a
meeting garage stay on the Gulf little
signal and lager delight - pasta alum
vomit run this absolute heightens we're
told is a shortage of debate
Americanization has told wish tiga
autism Bruce Lee is an author Ken
Christian actually found the wall in
1999 but chose to keep it a secret
the graffiti covered brick structure
apparently didn't attract anyone else's
attention despite the fact that it's
visible from a train line nearby so I
think mr. struck yet is a bat inventor
and zama is in the kind of time it away
this is Alice Cohen when to you personal
place to the stay calm this foundation
untag went entirely should sue ganga
Takanawa what christian believes he
uncovered was essentially a part of the
berlin wall 1.0 built in the early 60s
and mostly made of bricks and barbed
wire later construction of the wall was
much larger and made of concrete while
official records suggested this older
stretch had been demolished Christian
says the city maps indicate otherwise
here comes to abolish bazan ideas of
them leader - its mama Einstein Bemis
gap penguin tubercular inspirati Emma
Watson film since Cristian disclosed the
walls location it's become an attraction
of sorts for curious locals but now he's
working on getting it officially
recognized as a piece of the original
wall by Berlin's local government as
Africa's HFS sdhd for the young mention
it says vegetation in Abuja Hamdi man in
for another league CMAs Lynette Westham
unfastens emotion and fascination Furion
then becomes the vashisht of mid
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
January 31st
you
