the encephalo phone is it's kind of a
academic name really but this is a music
based device thinking brain signal and
turning it into music it just literally
means brain instrument another way to
explain it would be some music
prosthetic it converts thoughts into
music my name is Thomas tool I'm a
neurologist at Swedish hospital and I am
also a professor in the School of Music
at the University of Washington I was
studying brain computer interfaces and I
was studying music and I was studying
neural physiology so they just kind of
became a kind of a mad scientist project
and started off as an art project I
thought yeah we can completely change
the sound envelope of the of the tone so
it sounds more like a human instrument
there's many signals coming out from
many different electrodes but in one
area it's like a resting signal for the
motor cortex we ask people to either
relax where we get the maximum amount of
that signal that's the resting potential
or think about moving and then we make a
scale from 1 to 8 we chose one to eight
for a few reasons but the first is just
since this is a music based device we
wanted to come up with the notes of a of
a scale it was just kind of an art
project but then I'm at the same time
I'm working in the hospital and I'm
seeing a lot of these patients who have
strokes or they have other motor
disability from other diseases ALS or
brain hemorrhages or tumors I began just
to think I could take this thing I made
as an art project I could use it to
restore musical ability to people have
lost it so someone who has severe arm
mobility issues for example we're going
to be using the part of their brain that
normally controls that arm we would hope
that we'd be able to actually improve
the connectivity in that part of the
brain that's certainly a likely benefit
and it's something we would like to
study
you got your joystick going
I'm doing ok was originally diagnosed in
with MS in 2005 I was 35 at this point
to have a widow the most simple control
of my body below my neck what Jonathan's
part of here is a clinical trial that we
started which is trying to take the in
suppli phone which up until this point
we've been using with healthy
individuals to see if those people who
have motor disability if they are able
to achieve some level of control so this
is the signal that we're reading it's
the left side and the right side it's
not gonna be very musical because it's a
test you're gonna hear an organ type
sound that he's trying to match he's the
piano all right here we go
I'm trying to influence the direction is
going is more sort of I'm concentrating
so I'm trying to relax more or trying to
move my hand a little bit more to try
and make it go up or down it's kind of
the level of control that I have with it
so if I think about relaxing my hair and
relaxing my my mind then the nut will go
higher
and there's a little bit of noise in
there so if I start thinking about lunch
or something like that then I'll notice
it'll affect so that was his brain in
real-time sauna fied as as a piano so
now what we'll do is we'll allow him to
play freely this is fun but it's also
training because he's learning to
control his signal by doing more of it I
feel like I'm getting better my days are
often not so filled with stuff so
definitely feels like I'm making the
music thing that's that's pretty magical
you
