granny
two Baltimore police officers are on
trial this week in federal court for
some of the worst misconduct imaginable
they're part of a group of eight
officers accused of robbery and
extortion faking evidence and planting
drugs among other crimes
the officers were part of an elite group
called the gun trace task force set up
by the mayor in 2007 to help fight
rising crime and murder rates the task
force was supposed to check the flow of
guns and get the worse guys off the
street and for a while city leaders and
reporters saw the task force as a huge
success but it was also completely
corrupt acting is what prosecutors have
called a gang style crime ring six of
the officers have already pleaded guilty
but there's a bigger problem the task
force's misconduct has tainted hundreds
if not thousands of criminal cases and
in a city already infamous for horrible
policing it's shattered any remaining
trust between cops and the communities
Antonia Hilton met some of the people
trying to figure out how to clean up the
mess
it's like so frustrating this is like oh
yeah this cop was charged for false
information this cop is alleged to have
planted evidence
Deborah levy is a Maryland public
defender whose full-time job is now
investigating the gun Trace task force
and trying to clear the names of its
victims I have a spreadsheet of about
2,000 cases in general that we're trying
to undo 2,000 cases yeah 2,000 cases and
that's what we think would be a
conservative number I can't sleep at
night because there's so many that I
haven't undone it's very stressful it's
really stressful her job is not simple
cops Internal Affairs complaints are
shielded from reporters lawyers in the
public by state laws that protect
officers privacy Levy has to fight in
court to unseal them and she thinks the
task force misconduct is just the tip of
the iceberg we're convinced that the web
doesn't stop with the eight indicted
officers so we'll take each indictment
and on each indictment it'll say on this
date this officer is alleged to have
engaged in conduct with this particular
officer with these initials we've then
now started filing for the Internal
Affairs documents for the other officers
who were present on the scene that day
to see if they were involved in your
opinion do you think the gun trace task
force ultimately made Baltimore more or
less safe less safe I think that
absolutely 100% the city has pretty much
fallen apart right the relationships
between the police and the citizens of
Baltimore and that at the end of the day
everything is based on trust golly this
guy ran into Benghazi I think what I say
the hell Polly did some extra shifts we
shouldn't was supposed to do
yeah January 2014 a group of officers
including two members of the gun trace
task force stormed Sean Whiting's home
the officers suspected he was a drug
dealer and he says got a warrant to
search his home under false pretenses
once inside whiting says they tossed his
house and stole $20,000 in cash some of
it drug money and even took his
children's video games certain things
come to a light you know I mean when you
lie about certain things
whiting filed a police misconduct
complaint with internal affairs but no
one bought the story until 2017 when the
case is piling up in federal indictments
sounded very familiar do you think
people listen to your voice listen to
what you were trying to tell them was
going on no they wouldn't listen to me
at all
they wouldn't listen to me at all
Whiting's lawyer ivan baits helped him
get his conviction overturned last year
Bates has reopened 19 cases involving
the task force in 17 of those cases he's
been able to get the charges dropped I'm
not that good no one's that good
unfortunately task force is just that
bad and when you say don't think when
you read the indictments I knew it was
coming I mean I've been living it I've
been seeing it you know there were
individuals and indictment that I knew
there cases simply when I just read the
indictment in this moment where we're
post Freddie gray consent decree all
these efforts to rehabilitate and then
this happens what does this sort of
represent for the city sometime you have
to hit rock bottom so you can get back
up an obvious question that will
inevitably be asked of me and the mayor
and many others is you know are we
surprised by the findings of this report
Kevin Davis was appointed Police
Commissioner in 2015 leading the
department while the task force
committed many of their crimes there are
neighborhoods that say you didn't listen
and you know what we doubt that it's
even that that brazen misconduct is
confined to those eight guys I can't
argue someone out of their experiences
or their emotions and the trust thing
you know I don't have an easy answer for
that I know that it's you know our
goodwill bank account was significantly
drawn upon by this incident should you
have found out earlier I have three
full-time internal affair detectives
that are assigned to the FBI Baltimore
field office anti-corruption unit the
question rather for law enforcement is
when when bad things happen and this is
certainly a bad thing you know what are
you willing to learn from it and what
are you willing to acknowledge and do
better to improve to decrease the
likelihood that it'll ever happen again
just a few days after our interview
Davis was fired by Mayor Catherine Pugh
we need
violence reduction we need the numbers
to go down faster than they are do you
think there's going to have to be some
kind of public apology public reckoning
I don't think we'll get that I am not so
interested in the public apology as much
as I'm interested in getting to the
bottom of it cuz until you do that right
until we can be assured your apology
doesn't mean very much no because I just
still think they're still misconduct
going on I mean there just has to be in
the meantime she stuck undoing the
damage one person at a time they're
willing to undo not just your conviction
but your two co-defendants convictions
at this point you can be very very
hopeful then everything's going to be
expunged and it will vanish off your
record altogether thank you you're
welcome take care bye named for Shawn
whiting who was released in November
2017 it's three and a half years behind
bars three and a half years without his
six kids oh yeah yeah you come from
having a vehicle you have the house you
have a money they take your money
anything like nobody giving me no free
money it's hard he lives with his aunt
now having lost his house while
incarcerated apologies and reform won't
get any of that back what's done is done
yeah does it make you angry don't make
it not no more because it's not gonna
change it's not gonna change one thing
it won't do a slow down and before you
know it back at it again
you
