tonight tying Medicaid to work the
American mess in Greenland and trying to
laugh about trunk he is the only human
being who could make American Jews want
to move back to Germany
facing a recurring deadline imposed by
the Iran nuclear deal
president Trump opted not to reimpose
sanctions that the deal lifted but Trump
has always hated the agreement and he
made a point of warning that this will
be the last time he waives these
sanctions unless the other parties to
the deal agree to the changes he wants
otherwise he says he'll withdraw
meanwhile the Treasury Department has
issued 14 new sanctions against Iranian
individuals and organizations President
Trump may not be going to the new US
Embassy in London but a wax figure of
him made an appearance there today
Madame Tussauds put the figure in front
of the building after Trump tweeted last
night that he wouldn't visit Britain to
celebrate the embassy opening Trump
blamed President Obama for making a bad
deal in moving the diplomatic post to a
new 1.2 billion dollar location but it
was actually president george w bush who
made that decision Saudi women were
allowed into a sports stadium today for
the first time in the kingdom's history
part of a wave of new social reforms
initiated by Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman but women did have to enter
through separate turnstiles and had to
sit in the stadium's family section last
year the Crown Prince decided to allow
women to drive by this June and a car
exhibition yesterday was the first to be
aimed at women
the Supreme Court said today it will
hear arguments in South Dakota
versus Wayfarer a case over whether
online retailers should have to collect
sales tax
South Dakota wants the High Court to
overturn a 1992 ruling which held that
states can only require merchants to
collect sales tax if they have a
physical presence in the state 35 other
states support South Dakota's position
and claim they're losing billions in
revenue Wayfarer and the two other
e-commerce companies named in the suit
new AG and overstock
say the issue should be left to Congress
the head of the Pakistani army told an
American counterpart today that Pakistan
felt betrayed by president Trump's harsh
criticism of its record on terrorism on
New Year's Day
Trump unloaded on Pakistan accusing the
country of harboring terrorists and
saying that all the united states had
gotten in return for billions in aid to
Pakistan was quote lies and deceit
shortly afterward the administration
began suspending military aid we see the
Pakistanis continuing to provide safe
harbor havens inside of Pakistan for
terrorists who present risk to the
United States of America Pakistanis
weren't happy but neither side is owning
up to the complexity of the situation
when the Trump administration accuses
the Pakistani government of harboring
terrorists they've got a point
Osama bin Laden lived in comfort in
Abbottabad for years and Taliban
fighters moved back and forth across the
border with Afghanistan more less will
still Pakistan works with American
intelligence to fight militants and in
Pakistan cities law enforcement officers
are proud of the strides they've made if
you remember four or five years ago the
fever facing lot lot of terrorism and
there were many high-profile terrorist
incidents throughout the country
including Karachi
so you're saying statistically crime
terrorism everything's gone down in
Karachi in the last few years all sort
of crime extortion kidnapping for ransom
high-profile terrorism target killing
gone down beyond our you know
imagination Pakistan has sacrificed a
lot in terms of human and loss of human
lives in terms of material loss and it
has affected each and every member of
our society
a police officer since my child I was
inspired by the uniform and by this life
that we of us together
Rizwan tarik is 26 years old and new on
the force so when the president states
inferring that Pakistan doesn't take
terrorism very seriously when you see
statements like that coming from our
allies it lowered our morale but we are
still fighting and Pakistan is playing
its part in eliminating this terrorism
Omar Shaheed Hameed the head of
counterterrorism for the Karachi Police
says the frustration of Washington is
feeling is less about Pakistan than
about its neighbor to the west in my
opinion it really has to do with
frustration over the situation in
Afghanistan obviously the US and
Pakistan are interested parties in that
so I think this kind of lashing out
against Pakistan represents frustration
that there hasn't really been movement
and I don't think we're even close to
anything resembling what the Trump
administration or the Pentagon could
call a win in Afghanistan I meet himself
spent years in hiding when the Taliban
targeted him for working against them as
you might expect he doesn't have much
patience for Twitter broadsides from
thousands of miles away the sort of
situation that we face in in this region
would tax the best of administrators or
presidents or whomever and when you have
someone like that sort of giving these
very oversimplified
bromides it seems that the people in
charge don't really understand the
problem and I don't think that's a good
thing either for Pakistan off for the
u.s. so if this security aid from the US
does and I mean how is it going to
affect Pakistan and in the security in
this country I don't have the sort of
exact figures but I think already it was
pretty much at a minimal level compared
to you know sort of the high point of
the Bush administration and all I don't
think that our job is counterterrorism
professionals was being
sort of impacted particularly positively
by flowing amounts of USA I think it's
been a an indigenous show for a while
and Kentucky governor Matt Bevin
announced today that the Trump
administration has approved his state's
proposal to tie work requirements to its
Medicaid program we are ready to show
America how this can and will be done
but Bevin also faced questions on
whether the plan would serve to kick
recipients out of a program that
provides health coverage to lower-income
people let me ask you a question why
should an able-bodied working-age man or
woman with no dependents not be expected
to do something in exchange for that
which they're being provided and
Kentucky is just the first state to get
the green light under a major policy
shift the Trump administration announced
yesterday allowing States to make having
a job a condition of getting Medicaid
Kentucky's proposal is pretty simple to
get coverage under Medicaid and adults
now need to complete 20 hours per week
of employment or community engagement
activities which could include volunteer
work job searching or caring for a
relative nine other states have
submitted plans to add work requirements
to Medicaid and they all look a lot like
Kentucky's Kentucky governor Matt Bevin
explained his goal this way I want
individuals to be able to take control
of their own lives to be able to be
given the opportunity to not be treated
with that soft or other bigotry
associated with low expectations but
it's not like that tough love approach
to poverty is a new idea other welfare
programs like food stamps require most
adults who are capable of working to
have a job to receive benefits and some
studies suggest work requirements don't
do much to decrease poverty
I talked to Elliot Fishman who served at
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services in the Obama administration
about
this very often the reason that people
are on Medicaid is because their career
their professional development has been
stopped short because of some illness
that they are dealing with or some more
fundamental crisis that they're dealing
with those issues don't go away because
of a new requirement in some states
Medicaid Waiver
so is this really about battling the
bigotry of low expectations as Bevin
says maybe but the way CMS wrote its
guidance doesn't just allow the states
to add work requirements it lets them
make other changes that could reduce
access to the program a bunch of states
including Utah Kansas and Arizona want
to limit the number of months a person
can receive Medicaid benefits and other
proposals could discourage some of the
neediest individuals from seeking
coverage like in Wisconsin where
Medicaid enrollees would be required to
submit to drug testing and enroll in a
substance abuse treatment program as
fishman sees it these initiatives are
just another way for the GOP to achieve
a broader end goal it really goes to
this deeply ideological and to me deeply
wrong aversion to having basic
government guarantee of access to health
care but here's the thing there's
nothing in the Medicaid statute that
allows coverage to be contingent on work
requirements and fishman said advocacy
groups are already gearing up to fight
it in the courts
regulations it's a lot of regulations
Donald Trump hates regulations and says
that his administration is eliminating
as many of them as it can as a result
the neverending growth of red tape in
America has come to a sudden screeching
and beautiful halt unlike most of the
boasts Trump made in his first year in
office this one is true Trump has waged
a three front war on what's sometimes
called the administrative state on
taking office Trump immediately got
Congress to repeal 15 Obama era
regulations using an obscure law called
the Congressional review Act they
included one that banned mentally ill
people from owning guns and another that
kept internet providers from collecting
information about their users without
permission in the months since the
administration has revoked or ended a
host of other rules including net
neutrality and the USA's commitment to
the Paris climate change agreement and
issued proposals to formally repeal many
more including Obama's clean power plan
repealing regulations is difficult and
time-consuming so the Trump
administration is also delayed and
withdrawn regulations before they could
be finalized
the Department of Labor delayed
enforcement of a rule limiting workers
exposure to cancer-causing substances
and put the brakes on another that
required financial advisors to
contractually commit to acting in their
clients best interest
the Department of Transportation
meanwhile withdrew a proposal that truck
drivers be tested for sleep apnea which
has been an important cause of truck
accidents finally Trump's week in the
regulatory state by appointing a host of
people who are openly hostile to
regulation these appointments aren't
just symbolically important these
officials are responsible for
interpreting and enforcing regulation in
the first six months of Trump's
administration for instance the EPA
filed 24 percent fewer cases against
polluters and collected 67% less in
fines than it did in its first six
months under Obama Congress could act to
stop some of these changes but hasn't so
far
which means Trump's power in this area
is relatively unfettered and the rule
slashing is just getting started
Wow unbelievable we want to shorten the
school day because we can't afford to
fund the school's political humor has
always been a staple on the comedy
circuit but a year into the most
abnormal presidency in American history
comics are still trying to figure out
what's funny about Donald Trump and how
to get their audiences to laugh along I
open with Trump
I open my SATs with Trump because it's
the elephant in the room
and I get on stage and the other comics
coming off stage it used to be like
watch out for the idiot in the front row
or drunk person in the second row or you
know people talking in the back it's now
there's Trump people right it's now this
warning just be careful there's some
Trump supporters so one thing I've
noticed is if you make fun of Obama and
then make fun of Trump there finally
it's like you gave them the sugar and
then you give them the poison literally
for me my comedy mainly comes from my
own life and personal experience so I
sort of approach Trump the same way
where I was like how is being more
political showing up in my daily life
like what is calling my representatives
like as like an introvert who hates
talking to people in general like I feel
like if you opened a newspaper today
skim maybe three headlines you're just
like seems cool it's like what
everything's on fire even a newspaper is
on fire like what are you so chill about
at clubs if I see a male comic talking
about Trump like a white male comic
talking about Trump they'll get a lot of
pushback with minority comics if they'll
start talking about Trump it'll take a
second for somebody to say something
because it's like I can't why like him
as opposed to this white dude was like
 he's helping us like shut up
like what am i doing come on Oh am I
suppose to get underneath
ah oh and the national anthem yeah well
let me ask you this okay so the
audience's that we perform for sometimes
you do get a little bit of what we're
talking to clap derp
what do you hate it I hate laughter I
don't want you cheering for the thing I
said I want you laughing at it that's
the point
easy jokes I don't even think guardians
is like those anymore no they're not
adding any physical appearance the way
he dressed saying you that huge you got
to do that well there's one thing that
pisses me off
constantly and his name is Trump I have
a joke about how he is the only human
being who could make American Jews want
to move back to Germany okay oh yeah no
no no that clap was a respect from
comics for a joke yes if you're gonna
write a holocaust joke it's got to be a
funny joke but yes I would rather deal
with a trump supporter Zinn some of
these liberals for the fact that I know
what their stance is with liberals it's
very pat on the back very you know
you've had it so hard as black people
but I do feel like sometimes liberals
even when they agree with you they're
like too sensitive to laugh so the only
thing comes out as they want you to be
safely edgy which is I will say
what annoys me is the liberal infighting
where it's like picking apart something
you said that was clearly not intended
right like to be against you know one
group and being like well you aren't
representing us and I'm like that's it's
a joke it can't represent everyone at
once
people don't say Merry Christmas they're
gonna say Merry Christmas when I've done
some alt rooms it's been like the
audience is hammers looking for nails
because I talk about the LGBTQ rst
uvwxyz community and how I can we cannot
take any more people there's not enough
the letters and I feel like this whole
politically correct thing I think I have
more cred because I've been doing it
longer I'm a member of the community but
I also think there has been a lot of
stuff shepherded under political
correctness that is just humor that's
gone out-of-date people are like don't
be so sensitive but it's like well maybe
your homophobic joke isn't fun right
right yeah we had a rule at the show
which is just because you're playing
trump doesn't mean you can be racist
sexist anti LGBT you can't use this
thing to be hateful as like a Trojan
horse to yeah like joking and I think
that that has to be the rule cuz if not
you can't do it you're just trading in
garbage humor disarms people and I think
that it's really important now that we
use this platform but what are you gonna
do and what are you gonna do what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do what
am I gonna do for the next three to
seven years what are you gonna do my
real plan my true plan
trophy wife Sarasota Florida
Boca don't do
can we just meet here every Friday and
Denmark came to an agreement yesterday
to finally clean up military and
industrial trash that was left in
Greenland more than 50 years ago not
part of this deal is the country
responsible for creating the mess in the
first place the United States since
transporting great quantities of diesel
fuel over vast Arctic wastes was
impractical we would install a nuclear
power plant more than 30 abandoned US
Army installations used for Cold War
defense litter Greenland's landscape and
that's just above ground one of the
bases is camp century a fortress buried
deep under the ice as climate change
melts the ice around it
the 53,000 gallons of fuel and
radioactive chemicals and six million
gallons of sewage that were abandoned
with the base could be released into the
environment new data suggests that ice
loss could be as much as 10 feet per
year in November of 2016
Greenland considered demanding that the
u.s. clean up the toxic mess though
based on past attempts future efforts to
do the same thing may not work when
Greenland raised concerns about the
toxic waste in 2008 the Pentagon said
that pollution quote reflects a shared
burden for our contribution for defense
of the free world in other words no the
29 million dollars earmarked in the New
Deal will be used to finally clean up
the mess the u.s. walked away from
this is Lucy she's a sex doll with a I
like Siri with boobs made of
thermoplastic elastomer and she's kind
of terrible you don't expect a sex doll
to quote Gloria Steinem but it was
unsettling to find Lucy's a date rape
apologist fully Wanda had a photo shoot
trees yo-yo Lou is the founder of WM
dolls
junsu-ya he wouldn't look good man yo
knew their thoughts had your weight in
tonic wife yo-yos factory started out
making mannequins but clients suggested
her products were so lifelike they could
be sex to us and yo yo saw an
opportunity
she says her company already makes
$30,000 a year
and controls about 20 percent of the
Chinese sex doll market they cost up to
$10,000 each
is this the skull this Opoku an imino
fujian en quandary palomito you owe me
oh god I'm going in the shots
what does your customer research tell
you about what different customers want
Thomas you wanna go to send out cause
I'm Tina hyukoh don't more young de
yo-yos frankness is unusual in China
though 70% of the world's sex toys are
made here for decades the communist
government enforced a kind of state
sanction to prudery
the 80s swingers and pornographers could
face the death penalty and only 15% of
Chinese had sex before marriage
it wasn't until 1997 that the state
scrapped hooligan laws that forbade
homosexuality and extramarital affairs
she went
hey so this media outlets from British
GQ to Breitbart news have suggested
sexbots could replace women even the
esteemed foreign policy magazine argued
sex dolls could help fix China's
particular woman problem that there's
not enough of them thanks to the former
one-child policy do you think the gender
imbalance in China has anything to do
with the growing popularity of these
dolls let there's some 30 million more
Chinese men than women bigger just in
Shambala lani Felicity how how you just
another epic window 11 hi OH - I'm
sure the ECM can appear - yes in that
she needed triada cotton fancy Otunga
want some Fanta way Tommy wait to eat in
the mean women at Yoli we can do a push
seen one of those shy tech-savvy young
men is John jaha
he runs an AI company and married his
sex doll in April in a mock ceremony to
protest the Chinese dating scene since
then both his company and his marriage
have fallen on hard times
guys I got me my dhoti Ola juggernaut
even an advance you see that - yeah
anyone Jia Jia's business tried to sell
sex dolls for customer service but no
one bought them now he lives in a kid's
bunk bed in a co-working space
so why did you decide to marry a robot
so yes sir what is your thought on that
table with me out until I got Facebook
just emails lately should we be lost
I was either the guy meted out me though
you think it's like am i a testament to
true love and a profound respect for
women his doll wife is hidden behind a
wall and collects dust
well another dollars propped up by his
bed a third doll dressed in a sort of
vintage prostitute outfit is his
secretary
what are you studying all of this is
weird but also sad China began a quiet
sexual revolution just a generation ago
but changing attitudes are being driven
by Commerce and that has some strange
effects Gemma malasada send away those
scenes now earlier today to the scenario
soon inshallah seen Asuna sanada-san a
lot you know ai-chan was generated a
token she's one to four Shana Sophia
come on
guanxi alcohol to the salon watching me
and a thousand map
that's vice news tonight for Friday
January 12 we'll be back on Tuesday the
president is teaching little kids a new
word black hole hole bleep hole hollow
any sort of hole begins with a word a
bad word and then it ends up with hole
let's just use the word the president's
using hole this is hole right
whole holes
Donald Trump has turned the Oval Office
into our oh oh hold the
work hole hole in and of
itself a hole hole shithole
 hole whole shipping
chet haase hole get off hole
 hold it hold it hold it hold it
hold it hold it hold it hold it hold it
hold it all hole hole
hole hole holes on television
you probably come from a hole is a
 hole plays consider this hole
your ancestry is a hole hole
in the ground or mouth is the phallus
 all in the world that hole
people living in my dad came from
what I guess Trump would call a
hole my people came from what Donald
Trump would call a hole and the
descendant of people from a hole
I'm a proud holy holy
holy holy holy holy
holders built this country I'm proud to
be a holder and I want to t-shirt
you
you
