we are in Ventimiglia Italy and this
group of young Ethiopian refugees is
just about to leave on their trek to
cross the border into France many
refugees who arrived in Italy from Libya
travel across the country to get to the
border towns where they attempt to make
the illegal trek into France
we're following these railways which are
gonna lead us all the way up the
mountain probably be hiking for the next
five six seven hours until we get to the
French border and that's one more cross
over how many times have you tried to
cross into France this is my fourth time
I think you make it this time God knows
if you are ready to hear you are lucky
by the way in Sahara many people
Saturday even in the sea yeah many
peoples are dying just before we left
with sha sha and Nas they explained that
the violence against their persecuted
ethnic group in ethiopia drove them to
leave the country do you think that if
you would have stayed in Ethiopia you
would have been killed if I'm sure
they'll kill me
of course there's extreme political
problem in my country despite who are
escaping for our land us maybe even now
I miss Italy has been overwhelmed by a
surge of more than 180,000 refugees just
in the past year a new EU regulation
made in February is attempting to stem
this constant flow of people migrating
to Europe through Libya but for those
refugees who have already made it that
you is forcing them to register and
remain indefinitely in the first country
they enter leaving many living on the
streets while waiting for their asylum
claims to be processed
they take your fingerprint by force when
you go to another country the
fingerprint of Italy is they don't
accept you since we leave our country we
are not leaving just are walking again
so everybody just got off the train
tracks and now walking on the highway
oh this is terrifying this cars come so
close to us and there's nowhere else to
go
once off the railroad tracks each
passing car on this narrow road could
potentially report them to the
authorities if some participants come
here and they cast us
what we do is meaningless
what are you doing for car comes there's
nowhere to go
it's a scary place no maybe for you
because you grab safety we have lucky
their life they call it long work to
freedom around 3:00 a.m. we crossed the
border into France with sha Joe and his
friends at sunrise
French police arrested them and sent
them all the way back to where they
first arrived in Italy the French police
reported nearly 40,000 migrant arrests
in the area just in 2016 for those who
make it into France there's a new route
emerging in the Alps where a group of
local French citizens are offering them
refuge we are way up in the mountains on
the French Italian border it's kind of
like the Underground Railroad for these
refugees and it runs right through a
farm that's owned by a man named ceedric
who's actually taken a lot of these
migrants in and is allowing them to live
in his backyard
a lot of people
Tiana nice to meet you Oh No hello to
meet you Wow Tuesday retracement debut
city from cuisine flatly this man win
for tomorrow
elemental city ruins of he sang Somalia
to Tony Mendoza see ya beaucoup John
Seddon
Moscow don available a treatise on
second parish Russia just sunshades
everything
this is crazy
nobody's going to Ludwig in another leg
acidity forgiveness vitamins on us not
us it's at a high school and he came
once a father quality point enough see
jerk was arrested and recently convicted
in French Court of helping refugees
cross the border others like him run the
same risk not far from ceedric farm we
met with his friend Francois who has
hosted more than two dozen refugees at
one time on her property so how many
people do you have living with you I
think today 1819 I think yesterday 25
it's a situation absolutely terrible
and now we are at the end of our
possibilities you see I am very angry
very very very angry because it's not
normal that we people we must do the
work of our government you think the
government should be doing more the
government does nothing the program is
not little more they do nothing in
meeting the refugees we found that the
majority of them were 18 and under
arrest RIA how old
it's a little civility and you sure lady
well children hello what's your name
Mohammed nice to meet you you see when
it comes they make design every time but
watch Wow
can you tell me about your picture what
was it like traveling from Sudan with
kids they said it was too hard but stay
it's like impossible you just couldn't
stand sit on the constant yeah yeah in
Italy we thought this is name we can't
go to France yeah and this is our Europe
its freedom and it's or no borders there
is no way as a lawyer France was
understands the legal battles refugees
face and believes that the French
government turning away miners violates
humanitarian law in prison male refugees
Arizona - not prison transfer detainees
in a prison guard a paralyzed Italia las
consul gap total is only see $2 em shows
don't chat with the under my complete
socialism the ultimate goal for many of
the refugees is to move all the way
north through France to the UK but when
they reach the English Channel they find
the UK border is completely sealed
leading to massive refugee settlements
like the Calais jungle we're overlooking
what's called the jungle
it's the biggest refugee camp in France
there are over 8,000 refugees that are
settled here the problem now though is
that law enforcement is trying to
evacuate this entire camp what's unclear
is how is awfully they're going to do it
and how much of a fight these refugees
multiple fires burned across the camp
over the next few days while people fled
their tents it was clear the authorities
were not in a rush to put them out
volunteers like Christian Salome the
director of an NGO providing resources
to the refugees began to feel desperate
for the remaining migrants whose homes
were quickly burning counterparty
municipal police entourage bosque de
Senado de nada bien para las Kotzebue
King Caban dugu's as well
paladin's Fabio Bridgette detail alone
verbanski no-par value sodapeta even
personal mentor for prima cosa we don't
really despise whenever a man interested
in katas are upon 6ei be encouraged a
varmints on TV see no other reason to
still a few get ya a of a passel
political humanitarian societies
basically over the next few days the
government continued to dismantle the
jungle
even though thousands of refugees
remained
this is one of the ways where kids went
put in a place for weeks at a time
they'll make the place there's money's
good it's a good distraction
uh-oh get this out
what is it like to see this happening
right now in the valley Bournemouth
Thank You Shaun raffish our valley
police say Johnson Amenabar Ashanti
volleyball Boonen were in the coming
days many of the miners were bused to
reception centres across France while
others made their way to Paris
we are right in the middle of Paris
there are thousands of tents set up here
it's clear that the city is not set up
for the amount of refugees that have
flooded into it there aren't social
services out here there are only so many
processing facilities so it's basically
just a massive homeless camp for
refugees from all different countries in
November 2016 aid groups estimated that
thousands of migrants were living in
tent cities across Paris
we met 23 year old men well who fled
Nigeria nearly two years ago lots of
politicians in the US and in European
countries there's this sort of stigma
around refugees and you just talk a
little bit about that like how are you
seen as a refugee each and every one of
course my brother's here right now never
never I wish to be a refugee it was a
solution of the country back when we
leave that turned us to what we are now
because I want to imagine myself to come
to France or start sleeping in the
street when I have a good home and
everything is comfort back there even
here the refugees many of them just
teenagers were met with the same
responses from authorities who began
dismantling their makeshift camp and
destroying their ten
life
 stop to watch these young people
who traveled so far in each new place
they land they get upgraded in the throw
now why did you decide to leave
Afghanistan situation we expected that
we're gonna have a great life here and
good future here a bright future here
that it's darker than Afghanistan our
future is dark what's this
