tonight Trump's porky solution to
gridlock that's why Washington sucks
searching for missing migrants and
US Immigration and Customs Enforcement
is cracking down on companies hiring
unauthorized workers today ice agents
targeted 98 7-eleven stores and made 21
arrests in the largest operation aimed
at an employer since President Trump
took office the agency says agents
delivered audit notifications and
conducted interviews to ensure that
7-eleven is in compliance with hiring
laws a top ice official told The
Associated Press that today's operation
was the first of many starting in
February
Apple will give a state-run Chinese
company access to all of its Chinese
users iCloud data including photos
documents and messages as part of new
cybersecurity rules the Chinese
government requires all customer data to
be held inside the country and by a
company licensed by the Chinese
government which is notorious for
domestic surveillance and censorship in
a notice to users in China Apple said it
has strong privacy protections in place
but it also pointed out that customers
can deactivate their iCloud accounts if
they want to at least 15 people have
died in mudslides in Southern California
after hours of rain drenched areas that
had been deforested by wildfires teams
of first responders are working to
rescue people trapped in their homes or
swept away by mud and debris at least
20,000 residents evacuated but many
chose to stay officials don't know yet
how many because debris is blocking
entry into neighborhoods in some areas
power lines are down and water isn't
running New York City is suing five
major oil companies for their role in
climate change and the economic toll of
superstorm sandy the city is seeking
billions in damages which it says is an
effort to shift the cost of
Environmental Protection
back on to the companies that have quote
done nearly all they could to
create this existential threat
ExxonMobil and royal dutch/shell both
pushed back against the allegations the
other three named companies BP Chevron
and Conoco Phillips haven't responded
Mayor Bill DeBlasio also announced plans
to divest roughly five billion dollars
that the city's pension fund currently
invests in fossil fuel companies
California Republican darrell Issa
announced today that he will not seek
reelection this year the 64 year old is
the second California Republican to call
it quits this week representative ed
Royce chairman of the House Foreign
Affairs Committee also said he won't run
again the two announcements have
Democrats salivating that they could be
able to retake the House of
Representatives 16 other Republicans
already announced their retirement in
the face of strong anti GOP headwinds
and at least 11 others are leaving to
run for a different office Democrats
only need to pick up 24 seats to flip
the house
on Tuesday Americans got a look at what
it's really like these days when
Republicans and Democrats try to sit
down and talk about something the
cameras rolled on yesterday's
immigration meeting at the White House
for about an hour but we're not even
talking about ports of entry and we're
gonna do it in a bipartisan fashion your
folks are gonna have to come up with the
solutions and if you do I'm gonna sign
that solution as usual nothing much
happened but in the middle of this
meandering talk fest President Trump
actually put forward a really
interesting idea an idea for how to get
people back to the table in a meaningful
way going back to the old practice of
buying members votes I hear so much
about earmarks the old earmarks system
how there was a great friendliness when
you had here marks because this
a quick earmarks 101 until a few years
ago members of Congress could fill just
about any bill they wanted with little
gifts for specific members we used to
call these pork projects five hundred
thousand dollars for a beer museum and
interpretive center in Wisconsin or a
few hundred million dollars for what
would have been the bridge to nowhere in
Alaska some of this stuff was good some
was dumb some was corrupt all of it was
used to grease the wheels give lawmakers
something they want in a bill and
they'll vote for it that played to
Trump's strengths he likes to cut deals
the problem for Trump is that tracking
pork spending became an obsession for
the press and fiscally minded
politicians it's hard to defend it so
lawmakers just stopped trying in 2007
when Democrats took over the house they
paused the earmark process when
Republicans took over the house they
banned it
for the most part altogether but some
lawmakers including Republican
Congressman Tom Rooney from Florida
whatever year marks back look my
district is very Republican and Donald
Trump literally can do no wrong in my
district so him to say something that's
sort of controversial gives me a lot of
cover to be able to step out into the
light a little more and be like look
Donald Trump wants this so now I feel
kinda like you and president Trump
against like some of the strongest
voices in the conservative movement who
wins that argument those strong voices
are Washington DC think tanks that make
a lot of money over loggerheads being
the norm up here that's not the way
government works you have to have
Democrats Republicans moderates
conservatives liberals to be able to get
some of these big things done what's
like an earmark that you want for me I
have a lot of water projects I'm in
South Central Florida we have a lot of
agriculture or right above the
Everglades there's a lot of things that
the Army Corps of engineer needs to do
and when I first got elected I
tell them to do this project now I have
to like ask them nicely and they can
tell me to go to hell so that's why
Washington sucks is because we can't
deliver for our people being able to do
vetted accountable in the daylight
earmarks allows us to go home and tell
our constituents I got this done for you
the us-mexico border is one of the
deadliest crossings for migrants last
year it saw the fourth highest number of
migrant fatalities in the world 376
people died coming into America when
families haven't heard from their loved
ones they have few options to find them
but a handful of small volunteer groups
have formed to shoulder that task
my name is Usagi Olsen
I live in Vista California I'm a plumber
I start doing search and rescue first
because I'm a migrant and I know how
hard is to come here
we gave four five phone calls through
the week messages from people that is
looking for their loved ones
normally no one star - como estas tell
me remain embraces arrest some of the
grouper Mario's
we're here today because we're having
this event to get money for our next
trip
- aha arizona grupo de varios assume
group or window award
tamales common table si si Senora
gracias por su states approaches were so
Vanessa poorest man at this point they
have about 15 people in our group we got
$1,475
we don't get any help from Mexican
government in women is not from the
United States overnight so we are an
independent group and as an independent
group we don't have the authority to
detain them or do something out of our
hands the only thing that we can do is
just try to help them asks much tweaking
the promotion esta ma√±ana get to see all
the new newsletter here Senor que
necesita para poder caminar este lugar
Samiran alguna persona que necesita
ayuda a wall vamos a la una y vamos a
poner agua comida locating gamos not
retire una sola persona not on the
camisa la la plan oh no sorry sorry
Cyrus ello ello service IRA's authorizes
a reversal compliment
Davian okay
through the year working with the other
organizations we found about 35 that
people in we found about 25 to 30 online
people well unfortunately we most all
the time we find out I guess down los
zapatos I guess almost a POTUS chicken
cinema was poor I see yeah it's probably
about a nine months off because he still
have meat it still smells we always come
with GPS so one we find their people we
write down the coordinates and we give
those coordinates to the first authority
that would find and they are the ones
that come / if sig that partyer
from the border to Charlie Bell pass it
would take him about 67 days they don't
come prepared
there's no there is no way for them to
carry that much work okay or what song
yeah the guy football now
is the awesome in target in a bastante
tempo where is the Metallica a penises
tarita sustained Condren dough ferment
elemental kenosis atmosphere mistaken
que venir este pais tretano darle una
mejor v de sus familias a Suzie hos
assess poses a sus Padres CK
lamentablemente Sabrina terminal esta
manera en la muerte yellow meadow
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in
the second round of talks that may
finally give Germany a new government
more than three months after the country
House elections meanwhile Germans have
been subjecting themselves to a massive
social media experiment in the form of a
Merkel back law that requires companies
to delete posts that violate Germany
strict policies against hate speech and
other illegal speech defined as anything
from inciting violence to disparaging
religious groups so how's it going a
week in members of the far-right the far
left and Germany's top-selling newspaper
have all called for the law to be
abandoned the German satire magazine
Titanic was blocked after it tried to
parody anti-muslim and anti-migrant
posts by the far-right alternative for
Germany party comedian Sophie Passman
had her not terribly funny two-part
tweet about migrants blocked and
replaced by this statement I did get mad
because I realized that Laura is about
12 hours old and I already got blocks or
something that I wanted to say it was
nothing that should be blocked within
the law because it was just a joke you
could even argue that it wasn't a great
joke you could argue about that but you
couldn't argue that it should be blocked
on Twitter the biggest problem with the
law is that the companies themselves are
left to enforce it and with potential
fines reaching as high as 50 million
euros they're erring on the side of
caution what we see right now is state
imposed private censorship so it's
private international companies which
has to assess now what is covered by the
freedom of expression in Germany and
what is not we will have will we look at
this law
and maybe get rid of it again here's my
Star Trek collection I'm sure
everybody's gonna make fun of me for
this but Gene Roddenberry who created
Star Trek was a genius because he
recognized that here's an untapped genre
that was able to inspire a generation to
think about what could be what could
happen a lot of times I'll work from
home rich McGrady chin is a startup
maven and a tech entrepreneur born and
raised in New York he worked as a design
engineer at NASA have a set up and from
this room in his townhouse in Queens
he's the brains behind a band called
Madison rising if you haven't heard of
Madison rising you probably also never
watched Sarah Palin's short-lived
reality show amazing America they wrote
the theme song they're all so big with
NASCAR in other places where
conservative hard rock isn't a
contradiction
the original premise was there's a lot
of people who were very patriotic in the
country who are not country music fans
but all those patriotic messages seem to
reside only in country music so what if
there was a patriotic rock band that had
those same messages but in rock music
form
in the years since their founding
they've become cult figures perfectly
designed for the era of make America
great again
in the early years meg Adityan wrote
many of the songs himself
it's about unity and we were all
Americans and let's stay all Americans
and as opposed to what people that are
trying to divide us by heritage or race
or gender or class or some other way
forget the hyphens like Latino American
or some like that is that yeah I mean
whatever you know anything that's you
know let must be American first and
worry about this other nonsense seconds
let's focus on building something
together it gets her sure
Madison rising once referred to Obama as
the Antichrist
more recently they put out a track
called war promising to stand their
ground against leftist assault the day
after the attacks in Charlottesville why
isn't that divisive that actually was
was very coincidence the guys were
working on that for months do you know
the timing of that wasn't necessarily in
response to what was going on there and
I noticed on Facebook it was geotag to
Charlottesville when I was yet out so
there was choices made it was clearly a
message about Charlotte's death yeah I
mean it was tied into you know current
events just like you know Neil Young
Ohio you know so there's a lot of songs
that you tie into certain events meg
radicchio used to tour with the band but
these days he mostly stays at home
Madison risings members rotate
frequently let's check it out Madison
Roger Rio Hyatt an Air Force vet is the
band's third lead singer Tom DiPietro is
the second bassist Dave Ross is a
fill-in guitarist only Sam fisherman the
drummer has been there from the start if
you joined them at a show at a biker
rally outside Houston what did you see
when you first came onto the scene there
was people that said hey here's a voice
here's here's a band that stands up for
what we believe in do you identify with
the values of the van certainly
certainly
absolutely you can't be in this band if
you don't you just it just doesn't work
that's why we've gone through different
people's right there you can't fake it
not in front of these yeah Matt is
summarizing as bad as a lot of these
people out here know who Madison Rising
is and they hear the star-spangled
banner they're so excited about having
them here tonight is amazing
but good Rahl
I knew who our audiences would be sort
of like bikers and patriotic groups and
Second Amendment people so we
circumvented the music industry and went
straight to them people buy and involve
themselves in what they think something
is rather than what it really is and
that's just the essence of human nature
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
January 10th
you
