and this is the only way onto and off
the island
yeah this runs every two hours both ways
this island is where Washington State
sends its worst and most dangerous sex
offenders they are deemed sexually
violent predators whose crimes and
personality disorders are considered so
extreme that they need to be separated
from society bill Van Hook has been in
charge here for almost two years so this
is our central control room it's where
all the security operations are
centralized and monitored and do people
try and escape well this certainly looks
like a prison
legally it's a treatment center but all
236 residents were sent here against
their will despite having already served
their prison sentences elsewhere and
when they arrived none of them have a
release date we're the first civil
confinement facility were sexually
violent predators in the United States
it was established in 1991 people who
have served their prison sentence are
evaluated at the end of their sentence
and if they're evaluated to present a
high risk of reoffending they're
referred to prosecution to have them
committed for treatment at our facility
force confinement facilities like this
illegal for people with mental
abnormalities who are considered
high-risk and only if treatment is
offered and if there's a chance of
release 19 other states have similar
programs and in 1997 the Supreme Court
ruled that they were legal there's
nobody here who walked in here and said
please pick me for several commitment
the way that they're now seeing the way
to leave is I've got to get involved in
treatment and that's how I'm gonna get
out there anyway they got out well they
could go out by dying which is not the
preferred way obviously they can go out
if they become so old and disabled that
they're no longer meet the criteria
Justin who asked that we only use his
first name began molesting children when
he was a child himself he was convicted
at age 13 a first degree child rape for
molesting his half-sister for over a
year
he spent five years in prison and ten
more years here on McNeil Island we're
gonna go to my room now and I'm gonna
put my briefcase away so and the the
briefcase in the series that is that for
us what is that for your attorney I
always like to dress appropriately so
yeah I'm very festive
I like decorating like many sex
offenders justin was himself abused he
was also diagnosed with ADHD and
antisocial personality disorder I'm both
a victim of a sexual assault and a
physical assault and I will tell you
that it took forever for me to forgive
myself for what I've done I got my my
siblings you know who I victimized and
it's like you know what I have something
to prove to them I need to leave them a
legacy and say hey you know what justin
is not this bad person anymore
so the predominant modality of treatment
here is group therapy but we also offer
something called case management which
is up to an hour of individual therapy a
month for each resident Elena Lopez is
in charge of the treatment program which
aims to manage residents compulsions to
the point where they are no longer
likely to reoffended depiction helps
them understand that certain things come
from within inside ourselves and certain
things are external to us that we still
need to be mindful of so the aim is to
is to to manage their religious
instincts rather than get rid of them
absolutely so that the purpose of our
treatment program is to manage their
risk it's not to eradicate or eliminate
or get rid of because most of our
residents may always have a proclivity
for deviance in some way whether that's
for children or non-consensual sex or
other Justin who spent 19 years of his
life incarcerated eventually engaged
with the treatment program and is now
convinced he will not commit sex
offenses again and given the crimes you
did commit do you think you were born
capable of committing those crimes
absolutely not absolutely not so what do
you think now you know made you capable
of doing those things I would beg to ask
the question what led up to you know
being in an environment where I felt
hurt where I felt angry why I felt
rejected but there's off any common
feelings for people to feel you you
could feel those things again of course
I could but now I have different ways of
dealing with them you know so you're
managing your your desires your emotions
your reactions to situations and does
that mean you still have desires about
children no I don't and I know I don't
it's just
I guess just it's just a weird thing I
mean I I don't have any urges towards
children I don't have any struggles
about urges towards children and I mean
I honestly I'm baffled you know because
it's like I just stopped thinking about
it whatever it was that worked Justin
has now convinced the state that he
should be released he's scheduled to get
out later this year
with major restrictions and monitoring
rachel ford has represented Justin for
five years what benefit does mini island
actually offer no benefit at all I mean
if the treatment is better on the
outside the opportunities to reintegrate
into society are better on the outside
so there's no purpose if our society
gets together and says we want life
sentences for all sex offenders then we
should just be honest about that and say
that and change our laws good treatment
has been proven to reduce reoffending
rates the 30 states deal with sex
offenders without places like McNeil
Island there are no studies that show
civil commitment is much more effective
than community treatment Wayne who also
asked that we only use a single name
repeatedly sexually assaulted young
children and was convicted of child
molestation and statutory rape but after
13 years on the island he's now been
released unconditionally and is studying
to be a social worker are you still a
pedophile today I don't see myself as a
profile today you were convicted for
multiple offenses against children yes
are you saying that at the time you had
no idea what you were doing was wrong
I always knew it was wrong okay but my
desire for wanting a form of intimacy
and love even though I learned later
that's not what it was but growing up in
the abused background I I had a lot of
conflict of messages which are lies we
tell ourselves to justify our actions or
our behaviors and I thought it was the
truth
what I was doing was out of love you
definitely no longer a risk I feel that
there's always potential for a risk
based on what a person's done in their
past okay but it's what we do to
eliminate those risks I don't come down
here normally and hang out apart when I
know there's kids around down here this
is a park that kids frequent during the
summer because I don't even want the
appearance you know the reality is
people can changed even if serial child
molesters can change it will take a lot
to convince the public that they are
anything but monsters do you think this
will exist in say five years time it'll
be your longer than now and you think
there's you know that ever be the
political will to close it I don't know
it would be a tough sell
you
