tonight being gay and Mormon I'm angry
that kids are killing themselves the
tiebreaker in Virginia and the
weatherman who won't talk about climate
you'll know about climate go talk to a
climatologist
idean weather
the Trump administration announced a
proposal today to allow offshore oil and
gas drilling in almost all US waters a
reversal of vast protections that
President Obama put into effect the
proposed regulation would give the
energy industry access to some areas
that have been protected for decades and
the Department of the Interior would be
allowed to lease federal waters in the
Arctic as well as the Atlantic and
Pacific Oceans and the eastern Gulf of
Mexico the proposal now has to go
through a public comment period the
Justice Department is doing away with
policies that have given States leeway
to make pot legal the Obama era guidance
to prosecutors D prioritize federal
enforcement of drug laws in states that
legalize marijuana except in certain
cases like preventing distribution to
minors and keeping drug money from going
to gangs and cartels but today Attorney
General Jeff Sessions said that guidance
undermines the rule of law and he told
US attorneys they should go back to
principles established in the 1980s
eight states and the District of
Columbia have legalized recreational
marijuana the Indian government says
that personal data it's collected from
millions of citizens is quote safe and
secure after a national newspaper
reported it was able to buy login
credentials for a government database
the login cost just eight dollars and
enabled a reporter to instantly get data
including names telephone numbers and
home addresses
India's unique identification
authorities said it has investigated the
claim and that there was no breach of
personal biometric data the system
called add har has been under intense
scrutiny over privacy concerns Prime
Minister Narendra Modi made enrollment
mandatory for basic financial
transactions including filing taxes
signing up for government benefits and
opening bank accounts
a Zimbabwean court today dropped charges
against an American journalist accused
of subversion and insulting former
President Robert Mugabe Martha O'Donovan
who writes for a political satire
channel faced up to 20 years in prison
she denied all charges O'Donovan can now
get her passport back but her lawyer
told reporters that she could still be
summoned to return to court if
prosecutors believe they have evidence
against her today Indonesian officials
shrank the exclusion zone around Bali's
erupting Mount Agung allowing thousands
of people including many farmers to
return to their homes near the volcano
around 70 thousand people had evacuated
the area and gone to stay in shelters
Mount Agung is still spewing lava and
ash but now the danger zone around the
crater has been reduced from 6 miles to
I will strive to the utmost of my
ability to be what you would want me to
be the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints is in mourning this
week after the death of its president
and prophet Thomas Monson he was 90
years old
Monson oversaw the church during a
decade of major change he lowered the
minimum age of female missionaries
contributing to a dramatic rise in the
number of Mormon missionaries worldwide
and threw open the church's long
secretive archives to scholars but
Monson was also a traditionalist he
refused to let women become priests and
excluded LGBT families to the point
where many began seeking a community of
their own
I found this recently at a flea market
if I show it to any other Mormon mom's
they'll get it it's this idea that
motherhood
you're like pedestal eyes Daz a woman in
the church in your role as a wife and
mother and your job is to get these
little cherubic children back to heaven
to live with God again as a complete
intact family as a wife mother and
lifelong Mormon Diane Oviatt knows about
life on a pedestal today she feels
abandoned by the church even though she
was the one to leave it last year my
Mormonism is a little bit complicated
but I would probably mostly describe
myself as a refugee from Mormonism to
some people I say I'm on sabbatical it's
kind of up in the air you don't leave
Mormonism easily and when you have
Orthodox family members there is
shunning that happens turning away from
the Mormon Church isn't just leaving a
religion it's leaving a way of life her
three children are now grown but Diane
says that for years she questioned
aspects of her faith the saying goes you
keep putting things on the shelf and men
for those of us who've transitioned out
it's because our shelf broke and that's
for you this shelf got heavier and
heavier and then split what really
crashed my shelf was my son coming out
as gay in 2007 Ross Oviatt came out to
his mother in his family's kitchen one
night after he senior in high school he
left the church a year later harboring a
secret like that is is just so toxic and
it just eats away at your soul it's not
an experience I've never you know one
routine I'll never forget what you said
to me at the table that night like he
just looked at me and he said I want to
go on a mission I want to get married in
the temple and he just saw this huge
roadblock
when he came out like now what what do
you what Diane did was become an
activist co-founding a support group for
mothers of LGBT Mormon youth called mama
dragons but she struggled with the
Mormon Church's views on homosexuality
the church doesn't condemn same-sex
attraction but requires celibacy from
its LGBT members then just over two
years ago church leadership introduced a
new policy that expelled same-sex
couples and prevented their children
from engaging in church activities for
Diane it was the last straw I kind of
had a stubborn moment where I'm like
dammit this is my church - and you're
not pushing me out with this bigoted
I just felt like I'm gonna stay and I'm
gonna fight and then exactly a year
later November of 2016 I almost had this
like personal revelation where it was
like this isn't changing this thing
didn't go away but I just thought this
is here to stay this is my church thank
you so much for being here everybody I
want to give just all of you in a small
Church in Northern California Diane and
her husband Tom are confronting their
crisis of faith but they didn't come
here to worship they're attending a
workshop for Mormons looking for a new
tribe and I'm lost in many ways that's
why I'm here
I'm here just to feel your vibe I'm here
just to feel the non-judgmental Ness of
y'all and to find my people they came
here because doubt has affected their
relationships because of the string of
funerals for gay children in their
Mormon communities the mom is in Utah go
to funerals and it's devastating and
we've worked so hard to get people in
Salt Lake to listen and they won't
church leaders say they sympathize with
families who have lost loved ones to
suicide but the Mormon Church doesn't
publish numbers on how many people leave
the faith nor how many of its young
people have killed themselves the
anecdotes come from people like Diane
who say the church is ignoring a crisis
among its youth
guiding the group is John delenn he's a
sixth generation Mormon who was
excommunicated more than two years ago
Delana is a doctorate in psychology and
helps others who are considering leaving
the faith our job is to help you look
within not what you've been conditioned
to to think but but what inside of you
feels and seems true hello everyone and
welcome to another edition of Mormon
stories podcast I'm your host John Dolan
this November 16th 2017
John Dylan's journey out of the church
began over a decade ago when he started
asking questions about Mormonism but his
podcast mormon stories he interviews
Mormons grappling with their faith in
February of 2015 the church
excommunicated tool in accusing him of
using his platform to renounce Mormon
theology and lead others away from the
church the Lynn says he was targeted
because of his public advocacy from
behalf of LGBT Mormons eight months
later he leaked the church's policy on
same-sex couples today delenn says the
podcast has more than 60,000 weekly
downloads
despite his public platform d'Alene is
protective of his family's privacy he
declined to be interviewed at its own
home he agreed to meet at his mother's
retirement complex what was the
excommunication like on you what was it
like on your family it was a nightmare
think about Mormonism as like a tribe
the elders in the community your family
your friends your neighbors it's just
all like one huge family and it's like
being cut off from the people you love
most the Mormon Church declined multiple
requests for interviews they also
declined to respond to a list of
questions sent to them about teen
suicides among LGBT Mormons or the
excommunication of John delenn we've got
a long way to go but you know it's not
as bad as it was 20 years ago
and like you said wait twenty more years
and twenty more years and you can
guarantee that that will have you know
gay and lesbian Mormons see in the
Mormon Tabernacle Choir well let me say
that there already are gay and lesbian
Mormons seeing the Mormon Tabernacle
Choir but they'll be out and married and
happy singing in the Mormon Tabernacle
Choir it'll come you just have to wait
about 20 to 30 years
Virginia held its statewide elections in
November and Democrats up and down the
ballot did a lot better than they
thought they would winning the
governor's race and leaving Republicans
majority in the House of Delegates
hanging by a thread that thread was
House District 94 where Republican David
Yancey appeared to win by 10 votes after
a recount Democrat Shelley Simons won by
one vote and then after a court
challenge the two ended up dead even
vice news was with Simons this morning
as she prepared to have her faith
determined by random drawing we had a
great campaign we had all the right
messages and we worked really hard and
we knocked on all the doors and people
came out and voted and it was a great
democratic process and now we're gonna
end on a game of chance
Shelley Simons is already a politician
she sits on the Norfolk school board
she's also run for the House of
Delegates seat in Virginia's 94th
district before and 2015 she lost by a
little bit this time it was a tie today
that tie was broken by the Virginia
Board of Elections in a room in the
state capitol building in Richmond we
had been using a glass bowl for many
years and most recently a cardboard box
I wanted something that was a little bit
more appropriate or the importance of
today's drawing so I did ask the
Virginia Museum of Fine Arts to find us
a wall that was made by a Virginia
artist it was a weird day for all
involved he didn't have to be here today
so why did you choose to come to watch
this happen in person because I care
about the election I'm I'm a rule
follower they said there was a drawing I
initially thought that I needed to
participate somehow but I was imagining
like drawing straws or
I'm just being honest makes sense to me
there's nothing this doesn't happen very
often so you don't know how I mean
that's fine people don't know it salt
it's all new territory this is a very
different kind of election day it's hard
for political types to figure out how to
act Simon's was still campaigning so if
people elect me I am going to vote a
hundred percent with the environment
every time if the bowl elects you yeah
this is we're talking right we're
talking about we're talking about the
idea right extreme difference in
policies that can happen
because of what happens in the very
place are Hannibal right right
so if fate elects me today
you know I will vote very differently on
Medicaid expansion on the environment on
women's access to women's health and
Planned Parenthood he's gonna vote the
opposite way before silence could find
out if she won everyone had to learn
something about the bowl the bowl is by
a Stephen glass who is a Virginia artist
the exterior of the glass we have a wax
resist process the interior is a red
oxide mr. glass says that this
represents the sky on the outside and
the earth on the inside finally the
drawing the winner of health district 94
is David Yancey
and I don't even want to start about how
do you recount a split precinct I mean
you've seen a little ticked off to me
what was actually like to watch that
happen I mean I would have been much
more at peace with a you know ending
this on a game of chance if I hadn't won
the recount you know what does this mean
for democracy moving forward
barely a week into the new year another
massive security vulnerability has been
revealed but this time it's your
hardware that's in danger two
vulnerabilities were discovered by
researchers at four universities in
collaboration with Google's project zero
unlike most security issues which are
flaws in software these are their
existence to the physical design of
computer chips the bugs nicknames
meltdown inspector if you think about
maybe apps on your phone all those apps
are running in their own little sand
boxes one app count interfere with the
operation of another app or one that
cannot spy on the operation of another
app so you wouldn't want instance your
email client on your photo should not be
able to look into your own photos
without your permission
meltdown specifically is a small that
through some very clever hardware
between allows that isolation to be
broken by being able to spy on memory in
all of the system
meltdown allows hackers access to
everything currently being stored in
your computer's memory that can mean all
of the passwords saved by your browser
are vulnerable Microsoft and Apple have
issued patches for meltdown which
affects the hundreds of millions of
almost every Intel processor sold since
1995 so hackers won't be able to exploit
those devices but the jury is still out
on the potential impact of Spectre
Spectre works by targeting individual
applications that means that fixing it
could require the creator of every app
on your phone to provide a security
patch perspective does exist in all of
these TPS including mobile CPUs but is
almost impossible to fix in software we
do expect Spector to linger for a much
longer time and slowly increase in
person as possibilities of this become
better understood by open research
community but also the malicious from
system and melt down inspector both have
a silver lining and a really dark cloud
attached to them
the good news is that security
researchers working the Public Interest
found them first and warned major
technology companies before nearly every
device on earth was impacted the bad
news is that the scale of the damage
avoided is greater than almost any
previously known hack and it's just a
matter of time before the bad guys use
this roadmap to find more potentially
devastating hardware exploits Spotify
the world's largest music streaming
service is planning on going public this
year but a lawsuit filed in December by
a music publishing company called Wixon
which represents the music of thousands
of artists including big names like Tom
Petty and Neil Young could complicate
the company's plans Wixon is accusing
Spotify of building a multi-billion
dollar business by streaming music it
doesn't have the rights to every song
recorded in the United States has two
copyrights attached to it one is for
musical composition which generally goes
to the songwriter the other is for the
actual sound recording of the song which
is generally owned by a music label
Spotify has cut big royalty deals with
record companies but Wixon which
represents songwriters says Spotify
never licensed or paid for more than
10,000 songs that it continues to stream
today its approach to copyright has been
sort of like ubers regulatory battles
with cities and states just start up and
hope the legal red tip goes away as a
result Spotify has already faced other
lawsuits like Wix ins in last spring it
settled a class-action royalties case
filed by singer/songwriter David Lowery
think about songwriters you know they're
in the studio and somebody's smoking a
joint somebody's writing some words this
doesn't lend itself to immediate
registration of music into databases
that's when licensing gets difficult
when you sort of have to go through them
one by one the problem is is that in
this case it looks like they hadn't got
all the way there yet because it's works
and the songs are unlicensed such a
significant amount of songs and in my
case my songs were in the copyright
registry database so apparently nobody
looked
if I hope that settlement would make its
copyright problems vanish but Wixon is
seeking 1.6 billion dollars or about
half of Spotify's annual revenue Spotify
is yet to respond but now that billions
are on the line the real question is how
much of that money belongs to artists
and how much Spotify gets to keep
James Spann has one of the most
recognizable faces in Alabama these are
my future students right here have a
good day now okay okay what about the
weather for the weekend ahead that
forecast and much more coming up in just
a bit so stay with us
that's because he's the weatherman for
ABC 33 40 in Birmingham and he's made it
his mission to teach people about the
weather and warn them about potential
hazards with 39 years of broadcast
experience he's become really good at it
one thing we've learned that people
really don't like they don't like it
when you stand in front of their town
now oh I see so you need to make sure
that whatever you're talking about it
you move come over here if you want to
and work this monitor now you made the
wrong turn you never want to turn your
back to the camera okay okay wait let me
do this again so you would move over
this yes I am paged money to stand here
in front of a green wall when the
weather is life-threatening that's my
core job the main threat back in
Mississippi but despite his love for
educating viewers about science James
draws a line at climate change he won't
talk about it on the air when your
audience maybe tweets at you or ask you
is this climate change what is your
reaction to the day's weather and if you
will know about climate go talk to a
climatologist I do weather I don't do
climate what exactly is your position on
climate change my position is this the
climate is changing the climate has
always changed the climate always will
change the question is what is man's
role so you think humans are causing
climate change there has to be some
antibiotic element to it the question is
how much and and for you it's not
necessarily the majority no natural
variability in my opinion is still the
primary driver and all of a sudden you
become a sinner
it's the unambiguous position of the
American Meteorological Society climate
change is real and humans are
responsible but TV forecasters don't
always agree there's no link
to co2 and temperatures that's a push
it's one of these books these 3d books
you've got to stand on your head and
cross your eyes to look at solar cycles
have a lot more to do with climate
change on this planet then do co2
emission and global warming the national
media reported on this new study from
the sky is falling or a doomsday point
of view
remember these are scientists and for
most viewers the weather person is the
only scientist they interact with on a
regular basis
a survey of around 2000 American
Meteorological Society members released
last year revealed that 38% of
meteorologists aren't convinced that
humans are the main cause of climate
change but that fact still doesn't get
at the larger issue namely whether it's
a TV forecasters job to talk about
climate change at all why do you not
feel a responsibility to talk about
conscious so if you're in my position
you're on the wall over here yeah and
we've got a tornado that's down in
Greensboro Alabama moving toward Brent
moving at 45 miles an hour you're
supposed to stop and say wait a minute
this is caused by man-made climate
change mm-hmm climate attribution
studies take years my role is to
mitigate the loss of human life somebody
else's role is to fight that battle you
have a platform you're a scientist with
a platform which a lot of other
scientists don't necessarily have her a
very bad at you're good at it when does
it become the responsibility of a
meteorologist to talk about this issue
that will affect millions of lives so
that's a fair question and my position
is they hire me here to forecast the
weather they didn't hire me as a
climatologist to discuss these things
you see that this is developed tension
here we started talking about climate
all of a sudden now it's you know
everybody's tense
there are broadcast meteorologists who
don't get uncomfortable talking about
climates Paul Gross is one of them hey
Brandon in my show I am gonna be doing a
little climate change thing just so you
know it'd be like in the middle after
the rainfall graphic Paul Gross is one
of the meteorologists for NBC's news 4
in Detroit he says he's been talking
about climate change on the air since
the 90s and yeah another heavy rain
event if you're noticing an increase in
these the science actually supports you
let me show you what's happening due to
the warming climate Paul is very active
in the meteorological community he's
previously served as a chairman of the
AMS his Committee on the station
scientist which aims to give on-air
meteorologist the tools they need to
talk about other scientific fields like
climates well there's an old saying that
climate is what you expect weather is
what you get by understanding what's
happening with our climate we can cross
the line if you will and tell people in
terms of trends if we're looking at more
or less of a certain kind of day-to-day
type of weather or weather extreme
that's why I find it particularly
important to talk about climate science
Paul says he rarely gets pushed back
from his viewers but advocacy groups
have tried to influence his coverage I
just throw that stuff in the trash and
believe me I get plenty of it so you get
mail I do about climate change
generally it's only on one side of the
aisle if you will and it's from groups
that are opposed to the human element
involving climate change and there are
some very well-funded groups that send a
lot of misinformation do you want to
tell me who those groups are well I'll
just mention one it's called the
Heartland Institute I believe they're
based out of Chicago I get glossy
mailings from them I get emails all the
time from them and all that stuff goes
in the trash
a Heartland Institute spokesperson told
us that they send these materials to TV
meteorologists all across the country he
also said that pulse claimed that they
spread misinformation is the kind of
scare tactics that many TV
meteorologists engage in such as linking
every severe weather event to man cause
global warming does it surprise you at
all to know that there are
meteorologists out there still on the
air who who don't think that humans are
causing climate change it's just an
overwhelming balance of science that
shows that we're warming at an unnatural
rate and that the proximate cause is
human activity I don't know how you can
ignore that science that's all I'm not
gonna directly criticize a colleague
because they might have their own
reasons but I would only say that I
follow the science and the science has
pointed me in a direction James and Paul
actually have a lot in common they
refuse to have their stance on climate
change influenced by outside forces and
they both agree on the basic function of
their job to educate people about the
weather and keep them safe
that hasn't changed but scientific
understanding on global warming has and
not everyone's willing to change along
with it that's vice news tonight for
Thursday January 4th
you
