tonight Trump's options in Iran when a
church becomes an immigration sanctuary
and from meme to millionaire
White House dysfunction hit delirious
new heights today as president Trump
went on the record to trash his former
chief strategist and campaign manager
Steve Bannon excerpts from a new book
quoting Bannon called the president's
son Don jr. treasonous for his meeting
with Russian operatives at Trump Tower
Bannon also suggested that presidential
son-in-law Jared Kushner is guilty of
money laundering early this afternoon
President Trump released a formal
statement saying that Bannon had quote
lost his mind and calling him a serial
leaker who doesn't know how to win and
who never had an important role Bannon
held the White House top ranked until
Trump fired him on August 18 before that
he ran the final four months of Trump's
presidential campaign the previous
campaign manager Paul Manafort filed a
lawsuit today challenging his indictment
in the FBI's Russia probe after agents
raided mana Ford's home this summer
Trump called him quote a very decent man
the Republican majority in the Senate
narrowed today as two Democrats were
sworn into office and one of them took
over a spot from the GOP Doug Jones is
taking the Alabama seat once held by
Republican Attorney General Jeff
Sessions a Minnesota lieutenant governor
Tina Smith replaced senator Al Franken
who stepped down after allegations of
sexual misconduct
Jones will have to run again in 2020
Smith will face a special election this
November to carry out the rest of
frankenz turn after a strange episode
that involved Lebanon's Prime Minister
resigning while in Saudi Arabia than
reversing the resignation last month
diplomatic relations between the two
countries seem to have returned to
normal
Saudis ambassador to Lebanon officially
took up his post today his Lebanese
counterpart has also been approved in
Riyadh the surprise resignation
announcement by Prime Minister Saad
Hariri in November was widely believed
to be forced by Saudi Arabia Spotify
reportedly filed confidential documents
last month to go public which would mean
it will be preparing for an IPO at the
same time it's facing a 1.6 billion
dollar lawsuit over copyright claims
Spotify is being sued by Wixon music
publishing a company that licenses the
work of Tom Petty Neil Young Missy
Elliott and others the suit filed in
California alleges that the music
streaming service took a shortcut to
building its business failing to license
compositions or compensate songwriters
and publishers for rights to the works
more than 10,000 songs are listed in the
lawsuit Spotify has more than 60 million
paying subscribers and is reportedly
valued at 19 billion dollars the company
declined to comment on the suit
as anti-government protests continue to
channel massive social unrest in Iran
president Trump tweeted praise for the
country's citizens that we offered them
only a vaguely worded assurance of us
support but come mid-january Trump will
have the opportunity to do more than
just speak out will be facing a decision
about whether or not to take action on a
key deadline related to the Iran nuclear
deal and the choices in front of him
aren't so simple one of the most
powerful tools that President Trump has
at his disposal to respond to the
Iranian regime is reimposing sanctions
against Iran and in about a week he'll
have the opportunity to do that if he
wants to the Iran nuclear deal lifted a
bunch of sanctions against the country
but it requires the President to decide
every 120 days whether to keep those
sanctions lifted by issuing a waiver
that deadline is coming up around the
12th if President Trump doesn't issue
the waiver than the full complement of
American sanctions against Iran's oil
and banking industries will go back into
effect but that decision would violate
our part of the nuclear deal effectively
blowing up the agreement president Trump
has been a harsh critic of the deal so
he might find this option pretty
tempting but reimposing sanctions could
make the problem worse it might actually
bolster the Iranian regime by playing
into pro-government propaganda that
blames the u.s. for all of the nation's
economic problems the worst case
scenario Iran would use Trump's decision
to renege on the deal as an excuse to
bow out of it entirely and restart its
nuclear program Delaware Senator Chris
Coons told me that blowing up the
nuclear deal would be the wrong move but
Trump does have another option to
respond to the Iranian regime there's
new power the administration has to
impose sanctions on individual Iranian
leaders that would make them more
pariahs internationally they shouldn't
tear up the Iran nuclear deal the
president's been threatening to do that
that would be a big mistake that would
distance us from our vital European
that would put at risk a deal that's
working to constrain Iran's nuclear
weapons program and the president should
instead use the new sanctions authority
that Congress has given him that has
bipartisan support and that could
effectively restrain some of Iran's
genuinely awful behavior I mean why
would you choose sort of new sanctions
over r-e imposing these sanctions that
are they existed let's be clear
the regime in Tehran is a terrible
regime that is imposing an extreme
version of Islam on its people and that
has lots of internal challenges one of
the challenges we faced from Iran was
that they were making very rapid
progress towards developing a nuclear
weapon this agreement reached after very
hard negotiations with some of our vital
allies like Germany and France and the
UK
stopped their progress on that program
why would we throw away that agreement
just to have some grand gesture moment
when there are protests in the streets
in Iran what is the impact why is it
important for the Trump administration
to choose the Iran I mean people to take
action part of what kicked off these
protests was average Iranians learning
that the proposed budget for this coming
year was going to continue to spend more
and more money on Iranian Revolutionary
Guard that is used to suppress people
internally and not to support the
average people and they're frustrated
they're tired they've been promised a
lot and they've received little so we
should continue to incite protests
associations we should do things that
send to the Iranian people a strong
signal that we support their legitimate
aspirations for a more free fair and
open society and we should send signals
to the Iranian regime that if they
continue to oppress their own people
that they continue to support terrorism
in the region that there will be costs
and consequences
it isn't normal for Camila polo UN and
ace and her family to celebrate Kwanza
but their whole life hasn't been normal
not since they entered sanctuary at the
Church of the Advocate the historically
black church in North Philadelphia this
is only the second known time that an
african-american church is given
sanctuary to an immigrant facing
deportation but first came just three
months ago in Boston both churches have
activist traditions but the Advocate
especially so
when Reverend Rene McKenzie considered
taking in gonna mail and the family and
official in her diocese warned her that
that might make the church the target of
a backlash
the more response was that the Advocate
has always been a target the Black
Panthers had a meeting here in 1968 and
that certainly would not have been
acceptable in society we hosted a Black
Power Conference in 1970 and then the
first eleven women were ordained into
the Episcopal priest so that happened in
this building as well and there was
resistance to all of those things but
the advocate continued to do what was
right why do you think there haven't
been more alliances more instances of
solidarity between the black community
and the Latino or the immigrant
community in the United States
black people already in a marginalized
space so we're taught that we need to
hold on and maintain what we already
have and that we live in a world of
scarcity and so to open the door to
someone else may mean that they will
take what the little bit that we have
the advocate came to host cada Mela
thanks to Wendy Marshall a congregant at
the church who pushed them to join the
new sanctuary movement to Philadelphia
what do you say to people who would ask
why is the Church of the advocate
helping someone breaks the law who cares
about the law when the law is just I
mean slavery used to be the law you know
Jim Crow used to be the law mass
incarceration is the law right laws
don't impress me churches have given
people refuge since at least the Middle
Ages but today they offer no real legal
protection Immigration and Customs
Enforcement could get a warrant into
rest gotta Mia and her kids any day
but the authorities tend to avoid such
bad optics and since 2011 ice has
prohibited agents from entering
sensitive locations in most cases still
this means Carmela and her kids can
never leave the building all five of
them live in one room in the basement
sharing three mattresses in the beanbag
chair estoy en tre Quattro parada de
como ellos mismos a few men Tara UNEP
lesion porque yo SE que no puedo salir
de sentido Maria de ahora esta el real
cocky castara yeah porque yo se que si
estoy yo fueron no way after I of where
he is me one a second saben donde estoy
carmella says she fled Mexico after
organized criminals killed her brother
and nephews then threatened her she
asked for asylum after she got to the US
but after two years her claim was denied
meaning automatic deportation for her
and her kids she entered the advocate
the night before her final appointment
with ice her lawyer is appealing her
case while she's there to pass the time
she helps the church staff when she can
including the cooks who make food for
the super kitchen the port that I was
telling you about the piece of meat
right here I need you to season this
quanto tempo says despues de esta loca
si es una yo dos anos prayers you say yo
se que tiempo perdido de mi vida pero yo
tengo me familia can throw conmigo for
the church of the advocate taking in
Carmela isn't risk-free it's a federal
felony punishable by up to five years in
prison to hide an undocumented person
from the authorities prosecutions are
rare but not unheard of Carmela's lawyer
informed ice directly that she was at
the Advocate that gives the church a
strong case that they're complying with
the law because they're not actually
concealing her but that legal argument
hasn't been tested would you be willing
to spend five years in prison for having
made this decision I wouldn't be happy
about it but she to know yes
the Syrian military continued its
strikes on the Damascus suburb of
eastern Goethe a rebel-held area that's
under siege by government forces last
week a carefully brokered evacuation
agreement allowed for 29 critically ill
residents including children to move to
hospitals inside the capital but
hundreds more of the sick remained
trapped just part of a spiraling medical
crisis playing out across Syria and in
the neighboring countries where Syrian
refugees are struggling to get the care
they need
anna is ten years old and was born with
a hole in his heart the condition means
that running around like any other kid
can be seriously dangerous
the war in Syria left him without a
father
it meant he never received the treatment
he desperately needed we fled here to
Jordan with his mother and sister in
2013 and now lives as an unregistered
refugee that means Allah can't access
Jordans health care system and the
private alternative costs thousands of
dollars that his family doesn't have
charities and NGOs are doing their best
to fill the gaps and backlogs our
agonizingly long ah Australian histor
the money didn't help me so long but
after nearly eight months and that's
mother son had finally got word that a
lot would be getting the surgery they'd
been waiting for in critical medical
cases refugees can be given treatment in
Jordan's hospitals but many of those
including Allah who needs specialized
care can't get help
the british-born charity train of Hope
supports a team of seven medical
volunteers from the US led by dr. mark
Turrentine to travel to Jordan four
times a year you could just stay over
here you never meet the needs of all the
kids that are in the region it gives you
a different perspective of what it means
to help people this is kind of the
old-school medicine where you're in it
for the reason of helping people so if
we have an opportunity to do it he take
that opportunity dr. Turrentine has
taken part in more than 20 missions like
this one and treated more than 200
patients like enough
who works alongside local medics in a
private hospital to treat children with
heart defects for free many of them
Syrian refugees how many children like a
lot will you be operating on in this
mission well the working list I've have
right now just assembled from August has
over 30 kids on it
you're clamped protamine please if you
have a child and heart failure that's
very costly it impacts the families in
many ways and that child most likely is
not going to have anywhere close to a
normal survival curve and so there's a
huge social cost as well as humanitarian
what do the families for a for an
unprepared child the post repair shows
that all three issues are gone and the
heart functions good so thank you went
as planned the UN says that this year it
needs more than four billion dollars in
total aid to help the 5.4 million
registered Syrian refugees in
neighboring countries like Jordan it's a
small increase on their appeal for 2017
but they've only managed to raise about
half of that come on Janek high five
near the handle of and alone
it's really cold out and right on cue
twitter has been overrun with climate
deniers cracking tire jokes about global
warming but beyond social media jabs why
is a serious and ongoing discussion
about how scientists connect extreme
weather be it a cold snap or fur Akane
or California's extreme fire season to
underlying climate change because the
truth is this science is really new the
first proper climate attribution study
was published in 2004 before that
scientists had struggled to explain
exactly how specific weather events were
connected to climate change now more and
more solid peer-reviewed studies show
how climate change affects the
likelihood and severity of extreme
weather and the studies are getting
published
really quickly after extreme weather
events take place erna that study from
2004 it looked at a European heat wave
that took place in 2003 and took a year
and a half to complete in contrast just
three months after hurricane Harvey
scientists at Lawrence Berkeley National
Laboratory published a studies showing
that Harvey dropped 38% more rain than
it would have without underlying climate
change another group called world
weather attribution found that
hurricanes that size have become 3 times
more probable here's how miles Allen one
of the authors of the first climate
attribution study explained why studies
today are getting published so much
faster when we formed the study in 2003
looking at the European heat wave nobody
had actually attempted to quantify the
role of human influence on climate in a
specific weather event we are now
looking at accelerating that whole
process because once you've agreed on
the method you're using you don't need
to reinvent the wheel the actual time it
takes to actually do the calculations is
not that long the developing science of
attribution it means scientists will
have to completely re-evaluate how they
talk about extreme weather because terms
like
five hundred year floods and a hundred
year droughts terms that are supposed to
indicate the frequency of a hazardous
event are becoming less and less helpful
as frequencies keep changing and it also
means that in a few months
scientists should be able to explain the
relationship between this cold snap and
climate change and projecting further
into the future it's entirely possible
that we will soon hear scientists make
these links as these events are
happening we should be able to do this
much faster in my view in the long term
this should be part of the duties of the
weather service it's no longer enough
for the weather service just to predict
the weather they should be in the
business of explaining it as well
it's Thomas Amana Inland Empire
California on a patch of desert used for
movie shoots and music videos today is
the music video by bad baby public ages
who you probably know better as the
cache me outside girl catapulted to fame
last year on dr. Phil at the tender age
of 13 funny so the audience are a bunch
of hos what does that mean
catch her outside and she'll go outside
and do what she has to do
after capitalizing on her liberally
transcribed catchphrase buy a t-shirts
extending her 15 minutes of viral
notoriety by getting into a fistfight on
a Spirit Airlines flight
Danielle bergoglio accepted an
invitation to a recording studio to try
to turn her bad girl image into a bad
girl wrapped image and it worked wait
why yours hi bees hive is private
Daniel's great to work with so it should
be fun we've got a while here in the
desert how many times we worked with her
um this will be a video it's funny free
like years I mean they're even among
celebrities like there's contracts drawn
up so that if you behave poorly as you
know a representative of such-and-such
tubular label you get kicked up or you
know what's I call it like a morals
clause when your entire brand is based
on screaming I guess it's all just good
for the game
how's it going with the video okay can
you run me through the plugs look I
pieced it together but okay so there's
two versions of me there's the old me
and now there's this me okay so this me
is killing the old meme and then I'm
burying the old me
can you text explain how you got signed
to Atlantic they reached out to one of
my managers and they were like oh well
we like we think she has a voice we want
to bring her into the studio i sat down
with a writer and we wrote verses and
they loved it they were like we want to
sign you just ordered the one writer do
you have a few different 103 but I'm
really close with one okay is it usually
like the idea start from one of you like
you bring the idea or the writer brings
the idea and then you work on it or
there's kind of copies you like together
oh yeah anything anything happens before
you're on TV did you did you want to be
a musician I always I've always loved
music I just never thought that I would
I would want to be a musician till I
liked so I got here where I am and I'm
like I heard myself in the studio I was
like wow like this can work how do you
feel about about beating viral is it is
it cool I like yeah it's just I still
important scene right so it's kind of
like a lot sometimes but I get yeah I
seen this book this post someone posted
it said I've been 18 since I was 12
it's like I could relate today where's
your mom today she's about to be here oh
okay did she require to be here on
Saturday are you able to kind of late
Joe if I wasn't on probation she
wouldn't have to be here misses a
confirmation what are the conditions of
that in terms of her being around
yourself don't she has to be like near
me Oh after five let's not terrible how
long's that last so I'm seen
I think one of the major lessons the
last century in terms of child actors
was don't do it basically anybody who
had any measure of success as a kid in
the entertainment industry ended up
horrible by age 20 or so and this seems
to be you know I've taken playing with
fire - playing with dynamite sort of
been taking kids who are already a mess
and putting them in the spotlight like
as a reward for their bad behavior no
one's really ever taken someone off of
daytime talk made her into it in the
mainstream celebrity rare we did that in
like three months about like using music
building a foundation and you know just
just ultra ultra branding there's every
branding trick in the book yeah you ever
see her she has the same hair same
outfit same talk same subject matter
it's just like staying consistent for as
long as possible is this how you do it
yeah yeah you're a mirror
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
January 3rd
you
