without realizing it many people and
ting spent the year vying for the title
of 2017 biggest villain of the internet
a title which I am about to bestow let's
take a look at the rogues gallery when
talking about villains of the Internet
it's hard not to look past Donald Trump
just Twitter feed whether it was
insulting a foreign leader a type of
written complaint or a typo hidden typo
Trump's Twitter posts also served as a
harrowing substitute for a morning alarm
for millions Twitter itself is of course
a contender while saying it was fixing
it's harassment problem the premier
outlet for the eat of the Internet
doubled the character limit for double
the harassment and made it easier for
anyone to compose an endless tweet storm
Facebook's supreme ruler Mark Zuckerberg
spent a large part of the year on his
why would I run for president when I
already own all of you to where he met
every day regular Americans some living
lives blissfully untouched by Facebook
and he is a sentence that could only
exist in 2017 he was forced to apologise
for this virtual reality high-five given
against a backdrop of disaster stricken
Puerto Rico they could have sidestepped
his PR via faux pas and PR if they just
sent snapchats hot dog to report from
the scene credit reporting agency
Equifax was hacked via a security flaw
they hadn't bothered to patch
compromising the private information of
a hundred and forty five million people
see what's funny about the whole thing
is it Equifax executives knew about the
hack for weeks before telling everyone
about it and then after they told
everyone about it someone went ahead and
made a fake version of their customer
support page which equifax themselves
linked to all of it makes Equifax less a
villain and more an incompetent
gatekeeper of the sensitive personal
information of millions of people
McDonald's makes the cut for a cynical
social media cash grab that weaponized
the intense fandom of a suburbs when
police had to be called to McDonald's
locations across the u.s. where crowds
had become unruly due to a shortage of
Szechuan dipping sauce there was once
created as a kind of racist tie-in to
Disney film Milan that since become
popular thanks to a running joke and
cartoon series Rick and Morty they
created a new sauce for the McNuggets
called Szechuan sauce and it's delicious
the Szechuan shortage led to calls to
boycott McDonald's and an online demand
for sauce sachets that sold for hundreds
of dollars to be fair you have to have a
very high IQ to understand Rick and
Morty it was a banner year for white
supremacists online
as they crawled out of anonymous trash
sites like 4chan into mainstream trash
sites like Twitter but they did give us
this timeless video it's bearing the
Internet to debate whether it was okay
to punch in Nazi which let's be honest
is probably one of the more substantive
philosophical conversations of the year
the dozens of sexual harassment and
assault allegations against Harvey
Weinstein spurred America's fathers of
daughters husbands of wives and even
sons and mothers to suddenly speak out
against the harassment that they'd
always assumed was legal in Hollywood
but Weinstein's example demonstrated
that swift action against someone who's
a subject of multiple allegations is
possible and those claims spurred the
me2 movement one of the few positives
that came out of the incident this year
a strong candidate the most reviled
figure on the Internet has to be FCC
Commissioner Ajit PI who made good on
his promise to kill net neutrality in
December but with this video released
the day before the FCC vote pyre was
able to convince us there are things on
the Internet we don't necessarily want
to be able to freely access in the
future is the biggest villain on the
Internet in fact the Internet itself
when you think about it the internet was
the ultimate enabler allowing everything
I've just been talking about to exist
know the villain of this year is Bitcoin
its astronomical increase in value
convinced people to purchase it without
knowing what it really was or that it's
not a real coin even convincing some it
was worth mortgaging their house for a
thing they previously only did to buy
another house defaults and crash the
global economy the Internet can be a
terrible place but it doesn't induce you
to throw your money away
compared with Bitcoin sending insulting
tweets to world leaders for free from
the comfort of a home used alone just
seems like harmless fun
you
