do you want to see the photos of me okay
okay is fluffy soft he's cuddly if you
come in mind of what Santa looks like
that's what he looks just like that
except he's brown chocolate this ones
when I was one this one is when I was
two if my memory serves me well I think
he's actually a preacher
I sure hope that's accurate and this is
what I was six what did you say about
him shaking hands don't live like he he
brokered the deal he gets all the toys
this Christmas - the corner I don't know
anything about his personal life I just
know him as it
Santa Claus is real but he doesn't live
at the North Pole
he's 75 years old and he lives in New
Orleans seven floors every year for the
past 45 years
Fred Parker's been dressing up as Santa
too people in New Orleans this guy is
the real thing when did you decide you
know what I'm gonna be Santa Claus I've
been thinking about that course Ananya
knew was coming I don't know the best
answer for you hmm
I never planned this the only thing I
can say it's a gift from heaven God put
me where I need to be with this for a
lot of people the idea of a black Santa
just seems like another example of
people trying to make everything PC how
do you just revise it you know in the
middle of the legacy of the story and
change Santa from white to black yeah I
mean you can't
the tradition of black Santa goes back
at least in 1936 when famous entertainer
Bill Bojangles Robinson showed up in
Harlem dressed up to st. Nick by the
late 1960s civil rights leaders were
starting to advocate for more black
Santa's because white store owners
wouldn't let them in but black Santa had
already arrived in pop culture and the
question of Santa's race turned into a
full-blown controversy right around this
time Fred Parker was working as a bus
driver one year he dressed up as Santa
Claus and he bought his entire buzz
McDonald's from then on he was a seventh
Ward center is a big deal I saw some mom
talking on Facebook today in her mom's
coop I'm in and she was saying how she
used Santa to keep her children and
check all the time all right what you
want anyway and you've been betting you
want toys you're gonna go tell how you
want to improve okay I wanna hear you
loud all right it's important as Santa
looks like he replicates you know
somebody that you can look at and say
okay yeah that's realistic that Santa
will come to my house for me this is
really just about representation and so
this was just a part of my childhood and
I want to share that with him and have
representation so when he grows up you
bet I can
Santa Claus the black man so that's a
great song right
Merry Christmas to all of you to catch
the camera phone okay get what I mean
that pretty girl hey baby girl
young lady came to me today with a baby
her mother had made a picture with me
she had picture with me and this is her
first baby she brought today is this the
first time you've had three generations
I've had four you have four generations
yes what's that feel like it makes me
warm inside when I think about it I'm
making people happy
Hey all right more rock backing come on
now come up there we go yes all right
you ever thought about retiring God
would have to retire me from this and as
long as I'm able to do it
so you never stop of your own with my
stand in order to my daughter is at my
demise help somebody save me don't kill
that image would kill with a better role
you know this Godavari doing the native
blemish the image of sound
why that's important it's important to
me that the children see something that
they really believe it
you
