hi this is president Donald Trump and I
need Alabama to go votes to Roy Moore
there's a Senate election in Alabama
tomorrow Republican Roy Moore is a
suspended state Supreme Court justice
and suspected pedophile
Doug Jones is a Democrat and a former US
Attorney it's a big deal but you
wouldn't know it if you spent the
weekend in Alabama that I spent it's
quiet around here it snowed here and it
usually does it
it's Alabama not Minnesota so when the
flakes started to fall
most people stayed home Friday and
Saturday but not doug jones he imported
an all-star cast of democrats from the
north helped him stump all over the
state his Canvassers are everywhere
Democrats need them to be this weekend
Roy Moore he wasn't even here now Roy
Moore isn't doing any real campaigning
today or tomorrow that we can see on the
schedule really does that does that
something we should worry about that did
that matter do you think Roy is the
army-navy game today and I see his son
so that's where he was yesterday today
and tomorrow most mostly avoided press
and places where he might run into
voters who might ask him awkward
questions about those allegations but he
is talking to some people namely people
who like him a lot he needs those folks
to vote and in big numbers last night in
Montgomery he peered a Christmas party
with some supporters
conservative outlets like Breitbart were
the only ones allowed to cover it here
in Midland tonight he's hosting a rally
Steve bannon's on the guest list more
supporters are convinced he's gonna win
they say they've beaten back the
allegations of pedophilia and that
normalcy has returned to Alabama
normalcy of course meaning that if a
Republicans on the ballot a Republican
will win
really really good these people are so
sure themselves that Moore's allies at
trunk super PAC actually released a
video today of Moore being interviewed
by a tween girl so that's either
confidence or the ballsiest thing I've
ever seen but last minute polling tells
a different story from the one that more
supporters want to tell a Fox News poll
around 1,100 Alabama voters has Doug
Jones with an astonishing 10-point lead
today the reason for that an enthusiasm
gap not surprisingly Jones's report
comes from non-white voters younger
voters and voters for women
he's a choice of non-white voters by 76
points for voters are under the age of
45 he's winning by 31 points with women
he's up by 20 points and that jumps to
46 points among women under the age of
45 more as a 20 point lead among whites
and for white without a college degree
he's up 33 points but more Democrats say
they plan to vote for Jones and
Republicans say they plan to vote for
more and 29% of more supporters say they
have reservations about their candidate
while just 13% of Jones's reporters say
the same thing but the more people I've
been speaking with are still extremely
confident a source close to the campaign
told me last night that their internal
polling shows more up by between 5 and 7
points this is Alabama after all and you
don't need to look back very far like
say a year to find a Republican
candidate whose controversial with
sexual harassment allegations over him
the voters weren't super thrilled about
saying they wanted to vote for when
pollsters asked but if Jones does pull
off this upset and more loses this thing
he might wish he spent more time
campaigning this weekend and less time
watching football
the most destructive fire season in
history continues to devastate Southern
California more than 200,000 people have
been evacuated in the past week alone
there's nothing firefighters can do
about the strong winds and dry
conditions that are keeping the flames
burning but there is something they can
do to make wildfires less destructive if
they can convince the public that not
all fire is dangerous when there are
mega wildfires the message that we're
starting to hear from the public and
from politicians is put these fires out
fires bad it's not bad it was just in
the wrong place at the wrong time
experts like William Basie know that
there is a right time for fire
intentional controlled burns called
prescribed fires clear out Deadwood and
small trees that otherwise become fuel
for dangerous uncontrolled wildfires
well good morning everybody
thanks for showing up Colorado folks my
name is Rob Wilson I'm gonna be the burn
boss training today so we're gonna have
four burn groups kind of working
together for the new folks it's about
4,000 acres we do have some identified
spots in the event we do need to airlift
somebody out of there what we're doing
is putting fire on the landscape in a
controlled manner so that we can bring
the ecosystem back to you know the way
it should be
you can do that back in here yeah allies
exact between yeah your spot and Andy
works right cool so instead of going in
and suppressing all the fires right away
sometimes we have the opportunity to
come in and work with fire fight fire
with fire so that we can eliminate some
of the catastrophic fire that happens
hey just checking in with you guys since
the burner started headed south and I'm
guessing no news is good news
everything's right up there prescribed
fires are based on very old knowledge
it's a technique that Native Americans
used for centuries but Europeans had
different ideas because modern forestry
was developed in the 19th century in
Germany where forests are wet and rarely
burned the u.s. Forest Service embraced
that mindset when it began managing the
vast public lands in the American West
making fire of any kind the enemy it's a
message hammered into generations of
kids by a familiar icon this is the
Morgan family coming home from the lake
so Smokey the Bear was a very successful
public campaign in the 40s today Edie
will become a killer and here's his
weapon
unfortunately it has ingrained in a
number of people an attitude that is
against fire Smith says that attitude is
backwards and that it's responsible for
the devastation we're seeing today I
have never seen a fire season like this
because of the destructiveness of the
fires and the swiftness the speed at
which the fires have moved across the
landscape so by putting out fires for so
long we've set ourselves up for really
bad fires there's good evidence from a
number of areas that have burned in
recent mega fires including the rimfire
of 2013 the King fire of 2014 that
proactive work like reintroducing fire
through prescribed burns can really
reduce the risk and reduce the severity
of a fire when it does hit those
landscapes despite the evidence
California's forest managers burned just
10 to 30 thousand acres a year
by comparison this year's uncontrolled
fires have already burned more than a
million acres in the state over half of
the Forest Service budget goes to fire
suppression that means putting the fires
out keeping them small air tankers
bulldoze or so the amount of money that
actually goes towards the scribe burning
is very little as we the climate's are
skinny warmer drier hotter in a lot of
places there's gonna take more
firefighters to put out these fires
I'm not the lay Midwife that you would
think of somebody who maybe goes to a
home and and as a home birth but there's
a real calling for some people to do
home births but but I don't do that
I can admit patients I can discharge
patients I can prescribe medications
maybe I'll do one or two deliveries a
day I go back to the or and assist a
doctor in a c-section so our scope is
really wide
nobody has an idea what a midwife is and
that's why we educate them if I own it
and I'm excited about I'd say hey my
name is commander lash ba and I'm a
certified nurse midwife and I'm here to
take care of you it's the trust factor
that we're talking about hello how are
you you know what's a girl how do you
know what's a girl any like it's like
the weirdest feeling so if I tell you
it's a boy today are you gonna how are
you gonna behave I mean I'll be really
excited because I love the name you have
Midwife comes from Old English means
with woman were by the bedside of the
whole time we labor them we help them
breathe through their contractions it's
a holistic environment there's a leg and
they're together right now so we'll just
have to be patient wait maybe it's a
lady cuz she's been very ladylike right
now keeping her legs together okay let's
see think you're right you are there's
the V one line two lines three lines
that's a girl yes that's awesome
it is exciting I was a nurse for ten
years and had so much interested in it
that I wanted to provide midwifery care
for four patients so I'm a masters
prepared nurse midwife how are you doing
I see patients every 20 minutes
generally my workweek consists of four
eight-hour days or nine-hour days and
then one called day of 24 hours hey this
is commander lash ba is anybody in labor
right now is there anybody in triage
nobody on the deck okay thanks a lot see
not only my midwife I'm also a sailor
I'd say that midwifery falls in line
with Navy core values honor courage and
commitment and we make sure we do our
job by Karen for that sailor and we are
a family we're a big family
okay so we have everybody's stuff
everybody get a snack so welcome to
centering Centers a way that we can
provide care for our pregnant women in a
group setting okay who one here has
experienced a contraction what does it
feel like oh it feels terrible
a lot of our women here in the Navy
don't have families and friends around
and they're they're isolated and they
may be away from home for the very first
time and to given this Navy family type
of setting where you're gonna beYOU know
with a lot of other pregnant women
they're gonna be able to bond with each
other they're gonna grow their babies
together at the same time same gestation
it just feels like severe menstrual
cramps yeah you don't really want to
stand back and I could feel the baby's
head down so okay yeah I'm pregnant if
you're like that's it your choice what
would you like to do today so you'll be
induced you today sure okay I think for
such a long time in medicine we have
dictated to patients what they're
supposed to do with midwifery we're able
to give people the necessary education
to make their own decisions and to
empower them to make their own decisions
this is the eviction notice this the
eviction notice yep it is the most
rewarding experience bringing life into
this world delivering a baby I mean
every single time it's a birthday every
day is a birthday and everybody enjoys
celebrating birthdays
bitcoin is soaring again today on one of
the dates many investors predicted it
would crash the volatile cryptocurrency
began trading on the futures market on
Sunday but more people are betting on it
than against it so for now the frenzy
will continue Bitcoin has no government
behind it and no physical currency to
represent it bubble or not many people
have put enormous faith in Bitcoin
driving its value from $800 to nearly
20,000 in less than a year it's been a
wild ride for Bitcoin investors who
range from shrewd finance ears and lucky
dilettante to Vice News's own J Caspian
K
I'm Jake hang and this is my life in the
Bitcoin bubble when I think back on the
last six months of Bitcoin I don't
really remember any of the good moments
unprecedented inconceivable Bitcoin has
been surging with I don't remember when
it hit 5,000 for the first time I don't
remember when it hit 6,000 for the first
time I just remember that crash is this
thing became make believes in the last
two weeks if you're stupid up to buy
you'll pay the price and this will all
have ended and it will end very badly
earlier this summer I went to a barbecue
my friend was having he came up to me
and said I'm making $500 a day on this
Bitcoin thing $500 day sounded pretty
good to me and also FOMO and crypto is
probably the most powerful emotion I've
ever felt about any form of money or
gambling and you know this is somebody
who spent much of his 20s playing poker
trying to play poker for a living my
first investment was for about $4,000
when I started I would read a lot of
forums on reddit and other places where
people who have gotten rich off Bitcoin
would talk about the things that they
did if I had stuck to that I would
probably have two and a half times what
I've made now if I had just done that my
wife has asked me not to talk about
Bitcoin so much with her when she met me
every day I went surfing and all I
thought about was surfing and that was a
good one because I was like in good
shape and I get surfing as cool as I've
grown older those obsessions have gotten
dirtier and worse some point I was like
checking my phone and I think I was up
like 55% in the first week and a half
and I think this is you know I'm gonna
be rich off of this and then some news
came out of China that people were
saying that China was gonna ban Bitcoin
and icos and other forms of
cryptocurrency Bitcoin crash and went
down about 40% and I just
that to sort of deal with the losses
that I was taking that I would take
about three Bitcoin at the time and bet
it all in a Bitcoin casino on a soccer
game between like two teams that had I
had never seen him play and then I lost
that back and so all the Bitcoin that I
had then was God that did quite I lost
now is worth about like Audi a4 with you
know a souped-up engine I guess
everybody's a genius right now because
everybody's getting rich I just think
it's going crazy right now
anytime Bitcoin goes up anything more
than five percent I have like a full
body experience and I start sweating and
then I'll just stare at my phone for the
next hour yeah
forty two messages about Bitcoin from a
friend of mine who just try to convince
the rest of our Bitcoin group texts that
we should all be like fearing absolute
destruction in the next two days I hope
it doesn't get destroyed if I lose at
all it's fine
like many Western countries France has a
growing elderly population and a rapidly
rising number of seniors at risk of
isolation and neglect and as in
countries all over the world French
people are also sending fewer letters by
mail leaving their 73,000 postal workers
with a lot more time on their hands
now the French Post thinks it might be
able to solve both problems with a new
service called watch over my parents
bless em physical two best ruthless for
about thirty four dollars a month postal
workers will visit lonely seniors to
check on their health
bring them groceries or just hang out
2,500 people have already signed up many
of them in the country's rural villages
she began the mission today of Dijon
there shall be a chair a very nice yoga
Traverse 800 Merida Sadie rocket
reverses a schwieso depressed material
Cosette shea butter for singer I know
when she passed you on us was angry me /
was it say me just record it record say
predominate Aditi buskers it to the
junkies are even easier batad village
may in your brief public or videos in a
Toronto take a vow not to do too
some point sousou-sama offended this
will be a non digital system become
symmetry he said potpourri here
rabbit sutras in decoy a supportive at
Rivera which one education statically
aware the doesn't usually get other
visits is an open it in Italian general
here not a new massage seriously
Shakuni you know investable Napolitano
samples loaded awfully transform
it mazar-e focus devious if it if we
confine an effect of the day - odd
person to distribute equally especially
soffit only imagine a Calculon a law
school Damini
a felony new home visited a person dodgy
orchid can occur in America
sakhinetipalli senior news on monetary
home visited Yokota Libya sushi on Isla
on the right capital home to type Satan
even our graffiti on found an atomic
factor
just your beautiful super-solid Papa's
campus although I enjoy them Bonjour
hey Pierre so I did what we can but we
can when we can help us a great well
let's give us a buzz oh ma this is your
D way darker as good as comes Abe is one
in person because rusev oh wait oh ho ho
told you allan ofenham selects a mission
for Marcel Pitt Michael Mayer just
really sir in fact Johnny PC version
dirty service me Senhor see small
personnel the poncho Julie do not really
on four-seater dear sir dear demanded
vis a vie de normal boom oh yes to
insert a new congregation distance of
order make safe up there
ok ok ok
nifty
that's vice news tonight for Monday
December 11th
you
