I am announcing today that the United
States will withdraw from the Iran
nuclear deal why is it the PM use
responsibility rather than the Iraqi
army is to clear out these houses of
ID's and to find the last Isis fighters
na kono home bowmen Minato
- telet√≥n I'd Mustafa BL GA nani mo nai
bx are many jewelr power mashallah
dharak
can you understand the fear that is
coming from the West when it comes to
look at your organization and they see
the close relationship that you have
with Iran and with the Revolutionary
Guards and potentially Iran can use you
guys to spread their influence across
Iraq lisa bamako daughter America and to
provide a little a katana Java Oh
Antonia hajimeta minutia apply aha Roman
America whoa cartel America well Aeneas
Mella America that I shall be showing us
how prominent is Iran here I want to
control it control Iraq as they are
doing control they are interfering in
macro and micro levels
you
