tonight Palestine on edge
surviving police shootings and
Nikki hailey the US ambassador to the
United Nations presented what she called
irrefutable evidence that Iran has
violated UN rules by arming the Houthi
rebels in Yemen zhan going war Hayley
said recovered missile debris has
markings and features proving it came
from a wrong it's hard to find a
conflict or terrorist group in the
Middle East that does not have Iran's
fingerprints all over it Iran called the
claims fabricated instead that the
accusations are an attempt to cover up
for what it says or war crimes committed
by Saudi Arabia with the complicity of
the u.s. a judge in Charlottesville
district court upgraded charges today
against James fields the man driving the
car that plowed into protesters on
August 12th killing Heather hire and
wounding 19 more fields will now face
first-degree murder charges in an
interview with The Daily Beast today
Pires mother said she's come to the
conclusion that President Trump bears
some responsibility for her daughter's
death because he quote pushes forward a
hateful agenda California officials said
today that a firefighter died battling
the Thomas fire the first such fatality
since this most recent string of
devastating fires began the firefighters
name hasn't been released yet
the Thomas fire is now on its 11th day
and is spread over 200 thousand acres
making it the fourth largest blaze in
the state's modern history it's only 30
percent contained and efforts to battle
it have cost nearly 75 million dollars
so far
the Walt Disney Company has reached an
agreement to buy most of 21st Century
Fox in a deal valued at more than fifty
two billion dollars in stock as part of
that deal Disney would be getting 21st
Century Fox's film and television
studios if antitrust regulators sign off
Disney would scoop up content like x-men
and The Simpsons and that could help the
company become a major player in
streaming services and go head-to-head
with Netflix while fox broadcasting
stations and channels including fox news
would be spun off into a new company a
meeting of FCC chairs was interrupted
today by an unspecified security threat
forcing a recess before a wildly
unpopular vote to repeal net neutrality
rules once police swept the area the
repeal passed 3-2 to along party lines
as expected I dissent from this fire
lease pun legally lightweight consumer
harming corporate enabling destroying
Internet freedom order before the vote
FCC Chairman a Jeep I went on a
marketing campaign to promote the repeal
including a costumed appearance in a
video produced by the conservative Daily
Caller
trying to reassure people that they'll
still have the same freedoms on the
Internet
you can still shop for all your
Christmas presents online bulky land
bridges Venice New York's Attorney
General has promised to lead a
multi-state lawsuit to stop the rollback
today in the Gaza Strip the Palestinian
political and militant group Hamas
celebrated its 30th anniversary and the
occasion was marked by a fresh round of
airstrikes against them the Israeli
military hitting back after rocket
attacks launched by Hamas this week
targeted three of the group's training
and weapons facilities Israel also shut
down the only two active land crossings
out of Gaza blocking off the coastal
Enclave from the outside world the
displays of force have escalated since
President Trump's decision last week to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
a serious affront to Palestinians
less than five miles from the Israeli
border Hamas is military wing the
al-qassam brigades are flexing their
strength
since President Trump's announcement on
Jerusalem militants linked to Hamas have
fired more than a dozen rockets towards
Israel from Gaza giving groups like this
a popularity both ammas has been in
control of the Gaza Strip for more than
a decade ever since they split with the
other main Palestinian party Fatah to
form a rival administration the divine
foe has also meant Palestinians don't
speak with one voice and that's
ultimately weakened their position of
the negotiating table with the two sides
recently signed a reconciliation deal
brokered by Egypt under the terms Hamas
handed back control of Gaza this past
weekend it's been a bumpy transition
this is the Rafah crossing it's the main
exit point for Gazans to access the
outside world and reopening it is
supposed to be a key piece of the deal
between Hamas and Fatah Sandoz nasrallah
is the dentistry student in Cairo
she's been trying to get back to school
for the past three months so what about
your classes I don't know just a
hopeless thing that's we we are all the
student from all the countries have
reached their university except the
student in Gaza because they can't
aggressing there are fakirs inroads
there's so much animosity built up on
both sides the reconciling differences
among Palestinians was always going to
be a slow process but Hamas and Fatah
officials here say the u.s. decision on
Jerusalem could actually speed it up Adi
Alma sell a businessman a masala Marta
Cod war masala a massacre feel full Cena
victory knock wood another second affair
what after of Korea the an takuna the
war paneer he LS SP for the Malaya this
sounds good in principle but there's one
significant sticking point Hamas and its
proxy militant groups in Gaza aren't
willing to give up weapons rockets or
access to places like this okay so this
is one of the resistance tunnels this is
a secret location we haven't been told
where we are we had to leave our phones
behind and we're now going inside
silently like this like this okay sit
down
no one knows how many tunnels run under
the border it's taking years to
construct them
many of these fighters have been killed
underground when Israeli Jets drop
bunker-busting bombs let's upload the
farm at the bottom the farmer okay we've
been told we have a very short amount of
time in here because there's actually
Israeli planes flying overhead they've
been striking targets in Gaza and the
tunnels is one of the biggest priorities
for the Israeli military to hear these
fighters are from the third largest
militant group in Gaza where do you
stand on giving up your weapons giving
control of the tunnels over to the
Palestinian Authority is that something
that you could be open to it
Helen Allen law can I get the Annan plan
for the Sania Majid Majidi salahuddin at
the moment tell the ordinate
manufacturer Vienna's Silla arm upon
alpha the Sania surrender Aloha woman
just said he vanilla hitter early what
can we expect to see from groups like
yours now after this decision happy
Patton had alcohol attentive a
unilateral empanada a Sephora alum rakia
a diplomat alluette
and Stafford Naval Reserve uncommon and
Philistine Ian that kind of fighting to
fits the mood right now across the
Palestinian territories
but the Palestinian leadership knows
that as the smoke clears
finding unity is the only course left to
securing a long-term agreement with it
Michael Brown Tamir rice laQuan McDonald
these are some of the names we remember
they grabbed headlines became hashtags
and were chanted at protests but for
every person killed by the police there
are two more who get shot at and
survived a 9-month vice news
investigation found that police shoot
Americans more than twice as often as
previously known over the last seven
years officers from the 50 largest
police departments shot at more than
4,000 people two-thirds of these people
survived it's their stories that the
national conversation about police
violence has largely overlooked I just
remember just heard just firing a gun
and then like I'm still there with my
hands up then I just looked down and I'm
I'm seeing smoke coming out of my body
so I was just like what you shoot me for
and then she was just like I'm sorry I'm
sorry I mean - and then I just remember
screaming whole left side of my body
just numb tingling stinging burning and
I just passed up our investigation found
that about half of shootings occurred
when officers encountered a subject with
a gun but the people shot were unarmed
in almost 20% of incidents the black
people got shot more often and at higher
rates than people of any other race per
capita police shot black people three
times more often than white people
I don't I don't remember you know was
that good happy tonight
but um yeah I was told that I did
corporate him hands up my family but
somehow sphere is that I was trying to
blind have a brain injury anything I
could change to the other so thankfully
one bright spot in the data is that the
total number of police shootings has
fallen by about 20 percent in the last
three years but that trend can be traced
to a handful of large departments that
enacted federal reforms seven of the ten
cities with the largest drop in police
shootings had one thing in common
federal oversight the impact of these
shootings goes far beyond the numbers
and these survivors have become a living
testament to one of the realities of
American policing for me I can't escape
the fact that I was shot by a police
officer right it's like even if I tried
to I go to sleep and I wake up and I
look at this hair and how I hope that
more people were survived to tell their
stories because it seems like you know
when people die
they even get to tell their side of the
story you know I'm grateful that there
are others who left but also know the
painters have avid most Americans think
that if you end up in court you're
entitled to a lawyer even if you can't
afford one but that's only true in
Criminal Court which means that almost
all other defendants are on their own
including immigrants and detention
that's especially problematic now that
the administration is cracking down on
illegal immigration advocates have
launched their own push to expand
representation and they're confronting a
difficult question who's worth defending
and who isn't
Paul seok spends most of his days at a
community center in Englewood where he
works as an organizer for a youth
nonprofit Paul grew up in Long Beach but
it's something of a miracle he's still
here he was born in a refugee camp in
Thailand two Cambodian parents who
brought him to the u.s. as a baby at 17
he robbed a store with a gun and landed
in prison
fifteen years into his sentence he was
released on parole then immediately
transferred to an immigrant detention
center for deportation
Paul had taught himself law in prison
but he was overwhelmed when he appeared
before an immigration judge by
videoconference like most people facing
deportation he didn't have a lawyer to
help him I felt like someone that I
understood some of the law and you've
been studying it yeah but like
understanding the concept of it and its
application or two separate things
because when you go in order just
shouting out numbers numbers and
statutes and things like that and like
can you really remember all these
numbers at the same time Paul was
ordered deported in 2015 but the
government mistakenly tried to send him
to Thailand not Cambodia and Paul had
enough legal know-how to persuade a
judge to reopen his case then release
him on bond do you think that the
typical immigrant facing removal would
have been capable of doing that without
a lawyer no hands and I will say no
other immigrants that Paul met in
detention were so impressed with the way
he represented himself that they still
call him for advice Hey any any news on
what's going on with your case do you
have to understand too that it's not
that you're in immigration court you
know an immigration court is not a real
court you know it's not bound to the
regular set of rules lawyers and
immigration court are rare only 14% of
detained immigrants have one even though
the immigration enforcement system is
nearly identical to the criminal justice
system that's why there's a growing
movement around the idea that immigrants
should be guaranteed access to a lawyer
monmouth sony is with immigrant
defenders a legal aid group founded on
that principle one case this is one case
one client one case these are people's
lives at stake whether being able to
stay here with your family with your
community or to be uprooted and forever
possibly be exiled from this country is
a matter of life or death at a minimum
you know this is sort of our commitment
as a
society to the role of due process last
year
shortly after Trump was elected Los
Angeles announced a program called the
LA justice fund becoming one of the
first cities to pledge public money to
deportation defense our system says any
person in a court deserves to process
LA's big public announcement drew a lot
of attention and a big backlash from
conservatives who successfully
campaigned for a critical change when
the fund was approved last summer it no
longer offered legal aid to immigrants
with violent crimes on their records
Paul seok and others accused LA of
sacrificing due process to appear tough
on crime
we are standing there alone that is not
justice under any fun under any title
that is purely unjust there is then last
month the birra Institute of Justice
announced the safe cities network a
group of eleven cities and counties with
legal aid programs of their own the list
included major cities like Chicago and
Atlanta and smaller ones like Santa Ana
California and Columbus Ohio
unlike LA all of them made their
programs Universal meaning they're open
to any immigrant regardless of their
record the fact that all these cities
embraced full universal representation
made it not much more glaring in LA had
not so this is your district yes it's a
large immigrant population hugely hugely
up to 90 percent 90 percent Gilbert's
illegal was the main proponent of the LA
justice fund on the City Council he says
he likes the idea of universal
representation in principle but the
political reality is a little bit
different how did those exceptions for
people with criminal records filing
criminal records wind up in the LA
justice fund well there's you know
obviously opposition not everybody was
excited about having a fund that was
gonna be used to protect people who were
sex traffickers narco traffickers that's
important to people they think they
should
pay for themselves that leaves people
like Paul soaked whose deportation case
is still pending and whose 19 year old
robbery conviction excludes him from the
LA justice fund to continue representing
themselves what is gonna happen if you
don't find a way to prevail in that case
if I don't prevail in this case and
ultimately I am gonna be sent to
Cambodia so what do you say to people
who say you know you committed a violent
crime you should have to pay
consequences for that you shouldn't be
allowed to stay in America so look at
what I've become today you know I'm not
to say that I should have a right to
stay that's not what I'm saying what I'm
saying it's that I should at least have
the opportunity to make a case for why
it's just a what the law does not allow
me that opportunity
chances are you don't know who these pre
tweens are screaming over and even if
you saw Jake Paul you still wouldn't
recognize him I really entertaining
he's like my top vinyl the bitch played
me to this video and I I was Paul makes
daily vlogs on YouTube for 12 million
subscribers he's about to be nuts
his is that bizarro hyper localized fame
particular to social media that requires
manic efforts to sustain he recently
released a Christmas album and he's got
a singular digestible message even if
it's a little big Paul was first a
breakout star online now dead six second
video app vine but has since pivoted to
a degree of notoriety in real life
people like will be like Jake paul
duvall Jay Paul like I used to be jaqen
Alan jay Park brand Jake Paul isn't
doing too shabby the high school dropout
raised a million dollars at 18 through
clicks ads brand deals and investments
he wants to be YouTube's first
billionaire and the now 20 year old
needs his screaming fans known as Jake
Pollard's to get him there so who is
your average Jake Palmer the average
Jake Palmer is not average no but like I
would say an 8 18 year old pushing the
limits and boundaries of their lives and
be funny and goofy and relatable and not
like live up to these crazy standards
that the world has for kids these days
you know are you on the a-team or the B
team like what college did you get into
or when people should be like whoever
they want to be and chase their dreams
but relatability doesn't scale becoming
what he calls the dr.dre of social media
however does you would incubate talent
then from there he used all of his
connections and network to build
consumer products and market them to his
audience outcomes beats by dre which is
a billion-dollar company and I'm
essentially replicating his model and a
lot younger of an age his talent
incubation is through his management
company team ten for a cut of future
profits he'll sign you you'll live with
him in his Calabasas frat house become a
character on his stunt vlogs where he
spends the night in the White House
rescues hurricane Harvey victims or sets
fire to his pool it's like professional
wrestling with consequences he's beat
with his neighbor's gotten kicked off a
Disney show and suffered backlash for
what's seen as racist treatment of
certain ex members of team 10 wake up
being Jake palm is hard work
Paul spends eight hours a day filming
this is the first time I've been able to
vlog like from the floor of the pop-up
shop and it is sick
this is the first time I've been able to
vlog like from the floor of the pop-up
shop and it is sick we got like huge
video screens we got my boy Steve right
here and he dictates notes to his
uk-based
editor who works while he sleeps and
he's a kind of savant of stoking his
desires to become famous themselves
every day the fame clock starts over he
once made a rap song in 90 minutes that
got a hundred and sixteen million views
it's the fourth most hated song on
YouTube not that it matters to his fans
whether he's a social media God a mogul
or a bleach-blonde Horsemen of the
Apocalypse
Jake Paul is working selling merch in
160 countries to more than 600,000 kids
supporting a pop-up shop for one weekend
only for parents to part with a lot of
cash I think you have to be super
relatable like nowadays they're smart
they can like weed through like what
they don't want I mean you guys just
like make it fun and I think you have to
market to them a ton of times like make
sure that they're like reminded of what
message you want to push to them
how do you think this all ends I mean I
don't think it'll ever end I mean it's
hard to say like where it ends but I
don't know where it is I don't think I
think it's just a start
I don't know that answers your question
thank you yes that's vice news tonight
for Thursday December 14th
