hey police 9 on one what emergency I
think we have shooting down at the Sandy
Hook elementary school even if I didn't
have a calendar my body would know it's
December and and I know I'm not alone in
that I've got an entire town and many
towns in Connecticut I would say this
entire state agrees alongside us
let's have policy segments in January
February March April May June July
August September October November if
someone wants to talk to me in December
I want to talk about my daughter I want
to talk about the injustice I want to
talk about what it's really like to send
your child to school and not get them
back when you have lost a child
a beloved prayed for child to gun
violence I will only say for us it
doesn't get better
I just came up on my facebook newsfeed
that it was this morning five years ago
that she said to me don't let them suck
your fun circus dry mom and I was like
Anna what what it what is that she
because I had been complaining about
something work-related and that was the
kind of kid she was to this day there's
no reference for that that was just her
at six years old trying to encourage me
in the morning before work the natural
inclination of many people is to somehow
find redemption in it right so they'll
say things like well at least they're in
a better place or at least they're now
angels or at least they're don't at
least my story
there is no redeeming factor in had a
six-year-old I put her on a bus and she
didn't come home
redeeming that story is helpful to you
it's not helpful to me there are many
sounds I won't ever forget and one of
the sounds I won't forget after Newtown
is the sound of camera clicks I left the
firehouse to a chorus of camera clicks
and and and that just felt so violating
to me we're kind of lumped all in one
group and we're not all one big group in
Newtown or in any tragedy there are
individual voices of families trying
their best to make sense of what
happened and to memorialize their lost
loved ones
and I feel like that gets lost you know
we are we are the odd man out in new
town nobody wants to talk about it but
we are right we are the only honest and
is black I'm from Puerto Rico so we lost
a child of color in a mass shooting in a
community where we we aren't typical so
we wanted so desperately to address both
how she died and how she lived and the
reality that if this had happened to
Anna in any other place in America I
don't think she would have gotten the
same empathy and sympathy that she
actually did it was kind of the
beginning thinking origin nexus of the
Anna grace project promoting love
community and connections for every
child and family I would say that is our
hope that every student in every
classroom in every school across America
would feel enough support to live out
their purpose in life and and to finish
the race so we have John some serious
boundaries around our son who's doing
amazing by the way he's 13 he is an
incredible athlete he's a good kid he's
a good friend and he has good friends he
has very strong opinions oh and I said
Isaiah if you could say one thing what
would you say and boy did he ever tell
me to anyone who wants to know what it's
like five years afterward from a 13 year
olds perspective if a child doesn't talk
about what happened and seems like
they're fine know that they're not we're
always thinking about what happened
when you do talk to them respect the
child's boundaries both physically and
emotionally
when they asked to be alone just leave
them alone
finally to legislators you need to do
something about this I wish I could fire
everyone who hasn't done anything about
gun violence
I shouldn't have to go up I shouldn't
have to grow up without a sister no one
deserves us brief is a basket of
emotions right and and there's anger in
there and there's you know sadness in
there and there is joy in there and
there is love in there and there's hate
in there we love this story
in our culture of the tragedy and then
the triumph and that's not quite how it
works for our family we know that the
triumph will come at the reunion in
heaven when we get to see on it again
right now where we are that's called the
middle right and in this middle story
that's where the grief sets
you
