there's a Senate election in Alabama
tomorrow Republican Roy Moore is a
suspended state Supreme Court justice
and suspected pedophile Doug Jones is a
Democrat and a former US Attorney it's a
big deal but you wouldn't know it if you
spent the weekend in Alabama that I
spent it's quiet around here it snowed
here and it usually does it
it's Alabama not Minnesota so in the
flakes started to fall most people stay
at home Friday and Saturday but not doug
jones he imported an all-star cast of
democrats from the north helped him
stump all over the state his Canvassers
are everywhere Democrats need them to be
this weekend Roy Moore he wasn't even
here now Roy Moore isn't doing any real
campaigning today or tomorrow that we
can see on the schedule really does that
does that something we should worry
about that did that matter do you think
Roy is at the army/navy game today and I
see a son so that's where he was
yesterday today and tomorrow
Moore's mostly avoided press and places
where he might run into voters who might
ask him awkward questions about those
allegations but he is talking to some
people namely people who like him a lot
he needs those folks to vote and in big
numbers last night in Montgomery he
appeared in a Christmas party with some
supporters conservative outlets like
Breitbart were the only ones allowed to
cover it here in Midland tonight he's
hosting a rally Steve bannon's on the
guest list more supporters are convinced
he's going to win they say they've
beaten back the allegations of
pedophilia and that normalcy has
returned to Alabama normalcy of course
meaning that if a Republicans on the
ballot a Republican will win
really really good these people are so
sure themselves that Moore's allies at
trump super PAC actually released a
video today of more being interviewed by
a tween girl so that's either confidence
or the ballsiest thing I've ever seen
but last minute polling tells a
different story from the one that more
supporters want to tell a Fox News poll
around 1,100 Alabama voters as Doug
Jones with an astonishing 10-point lead
today the reason for that an enthusiasm
gap not surprisingly Jones's support
comes from non-white voters younger
voters and voters for women he's the
choice of non-white voters by 76 points
for voters under the age of 45 he's
winning by 31 points with women he's up
by 20 points and that jumps to 46 points
among women under the age of 45 more as
a 20 point lead among whites and for
whites without a college degree he's up
33 points but more Democrats say they
plan to vote for Jones and Republicans
say they plan to vote for more and 29%
of more supporters say they have
reservations about their candidate while
just 13% of Jones's reporters say the
same thing but the more people I've been
speaking with are still extremely
confident a source close to the campaign
told me last night that their internal
polling shows more up by between 5 and 7
points this is Alabama after all and you
don't need to look back very far like
say a year to find a Republican
candidate who's controversial with
sexual harassment allegations over him
the voters weren't super thrilled about
saying they wanted to vote for when
pollsters asked but if Jones does pull
off this upset and more loses this thing
he might wish he spent more time
campaigning this weekend and less time
watching football
you
you
