tonight
syria's last rebel stronghold search
seizure and smartphones and a serial
killer in a murder capital at a certain
point you have to start asking who's
putting bodies in garbage cans
the accused mastermind of the 2012
Benghazi attacks was convicted of
terrorism charges but acquitted of
murder and other counts Ahmed Abu
khattala is conviction is the first to
come from the attack that killed four
Americans including ambassador Chris
Stevens while the attack was almost
immediately politicized the case hinged
on evidence and prosecutors had
difficulty proving individual crimes
khatallah faces 60 years in prison the
trial over trade secrets between way moe
and uber set to begin next week has been
delayed by the judge because of new
evidence that uber allegedly used secret
servers and privacy apps to conceal
employee communications from legal
discovery the lawsuit is centered around
former wham-o engineer Anthony Levin Dow
Skee who allegedly stole thousands of
documents about Wei Mo's self-driving
car program when he left the company and
later used them in his new role at uber
the remains of eight people were found
on a wooden boat that washed ashore in
Japan on Sunday authorities are still
trying to identify the badly decomposed
bodies but the boat is believed to be
from North Korea
it was the third vessel with bodies on
board known as quote ghost chips to come
ashore in Japan this month it's unclear
if the vessels are North Korean
defectors or fishermen venturing further
out to sea because of food shortages and
higher government quotas
North Korea has launched an
intercontinental ballistic missile that
travelled higher and for a longer period
of time than ever before it's the
country's first missile launch since
September and took place around 3:30
a.m. local time it flew from northeast
of Pyongyang before landing in the Sea
of Japan today Pope Francis became the
first pontiff to ever visit Myanmar
where a brutal ethnic cleansing campaign
by the military has forced 620,000
rahega to flee to Bangladesh he also met
with the country's disgraced leader Aung
San su Chi but in his speech he avoided
mentioning the rahaga by name - Tierra
del Myanmar develop a chi woon Apache
phone data so respecto de la villita
they aren t the only member of the lasso
Jetta
so respectful the only group o ethnical
Adela Sweden Gita the Pope is expected
to meet with Verhagen refugees in
Bangladesh later this week
the Syrian government declared a two-day
ceasefire in eastern booter today the
residential area outside Damascus is the
last stronghold for rebels who've been
fighting President Assad's regime here
since 2013 since early last year there
have been five attempts of ceasefire in
Syria and one of those attempts this
past spring was supposed to de-escalate
the fighting but it hasn't worked the
nearly relentless attacks have
brutalized the people who haven't
managed to escape the siege Eastern
guter used to be home to 1.2 million
people but now Mohammad is just one of
400,000 people still living in
in jeopardy
in the past five months at least 955
missiles have hit Eastern butis and just
in the past two weeks
strikes have rained down here almost
every day
this latest offensive by the Syrian army
has killed at least 120 people according
to the Syrian Observatory for Human
Rights children haven't been spared the
worst of the violence during one
shelling attack in October 23 people
including five kids were killed outside
a school in the town of Justine families
have also been struggling with hunger
Assad's regime has cut off supply routes
forcing organizations to scramble to get
food and medicine to residents aid
groups say supplies like these have only
met fines percent of the need the severe
malnutrition in the city has led to the
deaths of more than 200 babies in
decibel hola mundo - la la vehicle
colored with the roboteer for Mozgov
every cell wall she though oh yeah la
Isla de la dart nosh perfect I thought
we serve our village worker Oh Serena
would ya
Charlotte inaudible Mara the Darwish
family fled to the eastern guter in 2013
seeking a safe place to stay off the
fighting broke out in their hometown my
fish year anniversary happen our leaders
militia
Monsieur dieter how do you cook my
Shannon just me normal fetus yeah no no
Matassa initial redness oh dream of
energy I could have eaten a fishy didn't
know that was the end of genocide him
alone honey hi my name is Manu well
tapas Marathi
hey Murphy Eddie Murphy she blew the
family hasn't been able to go back to
their town which is now under a sense
controlled this is one of the few
remaining hospitals in eastern goethe
and last week it was hit by a missile
the attack destroyed part of the
building and reduced its already limited
capacity in Bothell William and he saw
had subtly and educationally classified
town or County Virginia to report an
obvious one connector to the past and
read the second one becomes solid is
that been with Allison I'm young
becoming a stallion and lzf from the
time was actually family Watson because
it with Abdullah Saleh Kentucky can be
pompous I read it has an emphasis on
basically some befooling on to that a
little medallion of fabulous artery so a
little from the diagonals but this
latest ceasefire is only Center last two
days and Assad's government is
determined to take Eastern guter back
Chicago has one of the highest homicide
rates in the country and one of the
worst records for solving murders many
of Chicago's homicides are gang-related
but a non-profit that analyzes murder
clusters in urban areas thinks the
city's low clearance rate could be
obscuring something more sinister in
winter of 2016 a young woman's body was
found burning in the alley somewhere in
this area behind these homes one was
found here one was found a few blocks
away few blocks that way and further
south might be where you find another
story Micky Kendall was born and raised
in Chicago she's a well-known feminist
author who has spent much of her adult
life fighting for police accountability
where most of the bodies found in sort
of spaces like this yeah Chicago locks
room long and not that wide but they're
pretty long if you're in the front of
the house and it starts behind your
garage you might have no idea what's
happening until you smell the smoke by
which point there's not any evidence
left and with no police patrols
you could literally get away with murder
and people are in November 2007 two
women were found strangled in burning
dumpsters near Washington Park on the
south side they've been killed within 48
hours of one another those cases and at
least four others we found over a
10-year period were never solved
the default right now is just looking at
all of the murders this century's Tom
Hargrove is also a Chicago native and
the co-founder of the murder
Accountability Project a database that
tracks unsolved murders around the
country Tom and his partner a retired
FBI agent built an algorithm that allows
them to identify and track patterns and
homicides
what is your algorithm show you about
pattern killings in Chicago the
algorithm is signaling red alert that
there have been far too many
strangulation murders mostly of
african-american women whose crimes went
unsolved no arrest was made but tracking
unsolved murders isn't an easy task
cities and states are not required to
report their clearance rates that's a
percentage of murder salt is there a
link between a low clearance rate and
the prevalence of serial killers I can
tell you that a killer is more likely to
get away with a series of murders in a
place that has a low clearance rate if
you do a poor job catching killers
you're gonna do a poor job catching
serial killers what is the incentive for
a state to not report its murderous
statistics the data may not make you
look good
as it turns out was the case in Illinois
Illinois has the worst clearance rate of
any state in the nation unsolved murders
aren't anything new in Chicago the city
is solved less than 20% of its murders
over the past 30 years the number is a
bit hazy because Chicago stopped
reporting their clearance rates in 1995
by comparison other major cities like
Los Angeles and New York report
clearance rates at about 70 percent
there are other cities that have
neighborhoods like this that are
low-income and mostly black but the
clearance rate in those neighborhoods
are still pretty high like 50 to 70
percent like what is it about Chicago
where they have such a low clearance
rate as a longtime resident I am not
seeing a lot of effort on actual crime
solving you know there you're not seeing
cops out in these neighborhoods knocking
on doors and actually talking to people
most the time when you see the police
they're arresting you right
if you hear on the news that someone has
been harmed shot killed whatever and
then you hear the phrase the victim was
gang affiliated the victim was standing
near someone gang-affiliated
as far as the cops are concerned no
humans were involved but at a certain
point you have to start asking who's
putting bodies in garbage cans it's
pretty important question if people
don't trust police if people don't talk
to police if witnesses consider police
to be the enemy why should you be
surprised when most of those murders go
unsolved you keep your eyes wide shut
and you get what you get over the course
of two months we tried repeatedly to
contact the Chicago Police Department
about the murders they denied our
request for an interview but confirmed
their low clearance rates today before
this piece was slated to air they
offered a series of bizarre conflicting
statements but in the end they said
quote based upon what CPD detectives
know as part of their concurrent
investigations into the separate
homicide incidents highlighted by Vice
news
there is absolutely no information to
suggest that this is the work of an
active serial killer to conclude
otherwise without detailed case
information no my detectives would be
hyperbolic and careless and you hear
about like two bodies you think you're
nuts when it gets to six and you're
hearing stories about other bodies you
start to think that probably not the
most common method of settling a drug
dispute right like this isn't someone
gets shot this isn't someone was choked
or punched this is not a common way in
which someone dies
they're literally stripped naked and
stuffed in a garbage can and then set on
fire that seems really specific why did
the police not go into that community
and say hey they're a bunch of women
that were found strangled in burning
dumpsters perhaps you should be more
careful for a lot of reasons they don't
want to cause panic they don't also want
the increased scrutiny that announcing
that we have a serial killer brains and
still the Justice Department recommends
that when a serial killer has been
detected that a public warning be issued
so let me issue a warning I believe that
there are probably more than one serial
killer active in Chicago
the Battle of the bosses that the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is
over for now
a federal judge appointed by President
Trump declines to block the president's
choice of Mick Mulvaney to temporarily
head up the agency just hours earlier
senator Elizabeth Warren joined
protesters outside the bureau decrying
Trump's pick and what it could mean for
the bureau that's supposed to protect
consumers for six years this agency has
fought for working people Trump's
victory will help him pursue one of his
favorite pastimes undoing Obama era
regulations since the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau was created as part of
dodd-frank it's done a lot of what it
was supposed to do it's recovered almost
12 billion dollars in consumer relief
for corporate wrongdoing including
hundreds of millions from Citibank Bank
of America and Wells Fargo it's forced
mortgage lenders to be more transparent
with borrowers struggling to pay off
their debts just last month it issued a
major rule that makes it harder for
payday lenders to take advantage of poor
Americans now that Mick Mulvaney is in
charge of the CFPB a lot of people think
the agency could change significantly
including former congressman barney
frank who wrote the law that created the
CFPB what it means is if he is charging
the CFPB the end of our effort to do
consumer protection for as long as Trump
is president because nobody is clearly
he's made a very explicit either he
doesn't think we should amend it or
change it or modify it he should be
abolished he's just against the whole
idea
well Baney can't actually get rid of the
CFPB but he can undermine a lot of its
work which he already seems to be doing
it's a strategy Trump has pursued ever
since he took office Steve banning
called it the deconstruction of the
administrative state which is actually
just a fancy way of saying getting rid
of rules and gutting regulatory agencies
that you don't like over the last few
decades
Democrats have outsourced more and more
power to agencies like the EPA the FTC
the FCC and now the CFPB that's allowed
Democrats to do
things that they couldn't get done by
passing actual legislation and it's
helped implement new rules and
regulations much faster but it's also
made those rules and regulations more
flimsy since they can just as easily be
undone by a new president there are big
differences between the two parties
that's why your actions are so important
and when one party replaces another
party that's the consequence the
President appoints the heads of all
these agencies even the supposedly
independent ones which means that when a
new president takes office he can change
things by appointing people who favor a
hands-off approach to regulation and
that's exactly what Trump has done he's
appointed someone who doesn't believe in
environmental protection to run the
Environmental Protection Agency he's
appointed someone who once said the
Department of Energy shouldn't exist to
run the Department of Energy and now
he's appointed Mick Mulvaney to run the
CFPB an agency
he hates tomorrow the Supreme Court will
hear arguments and what's being called
the most important Fourth Amendment case
in a generation that's the amendment
protecting you from unlawful search and
seizure carpenter V us involves Timothy
Carpenter who was convicted of a series
of armed robberies largely because
location data from his cell phone put
him in a two mile radius of the crimes
using cell location records spanning a
hundred and twenty seven days
investigators piece together his every
move and they didn't even need a warrant
to do so once these records are
aggregated at the time it paints a
really detailed and potentially invasive
picture of a person's life and a picture
that never before in the history of law
enforcement has been available in this
way the robberies took place in
electronics stores in Michigan and Ohio
where like most states warrants are not
required for historical cell location
data only nine states require warrants
for these types of searches
Verizon the largest wireless telecom
company in the u.s. reported over 20,000
law enforcement requests for location
data in the first half of 2017 only a
quarter were obtained via warrant these
digital trails and who can access them
are the core of something known as the
third-party doctrine the third-party
doctrine is kind of an arcane concept
that dates back to rulings from the 60s
and 70s it says that the Fourth
Amendment doesn't apply to information
voluntarily given to a third party
essentially since phone companies will
see your location records anyway you
don't have an expectation of privacy
those cases were from a very different
time what we're asking the supreme court
to do is to carefully evaluate how that
doctrine applies to newer kinds of
sensitive digital data that just weren't
in existence when the doctrine was
created several courts like the US Court
of Appeals for the fifth sixth and
eleventh circuits have already said that
there's no right to privacy in cell
phone data held by the carrier this is
really more of a privacy discussion than
it is about the Fourth Amendment search
and seizure because the evidence and the
information obtained from the third
party vendor that information is really
not evidence you are not going to be
able to convict somebody on the fact
that their device was within a half mile
to two miles of the location of a
robbery the carpenter case will
determine how much privacy we can expect
in the digital age and how far use of
the third party doctrine will extend for
example the IRS has already used the
doctrine to spy on bank accounts without
a warrant media organizations also fear
it could be used to identify sources a
decision from the Supreme Court is
expected in June
yeah that's monkey
whoo very nice better papi you know look
at the little pop it's like the little
weird note choice in the melody as she
was singing there's a little slide and a
voice and who's Selena Gomez yeah see
sounds like something my daughter would
love as long as I didn't tell her I
liked it she would like it so now this
is great isn't it no dad
it's just beautiful electronic funk man
it's just good as I get venture time
music you know it's like proper weirdo
music you know I would imagine that the
writer and producer of this song was uh
there's a lot of flashing lights a jar
of pissed because he didn't want to
leave the studio
maybe a Nintendo switch possible art
looks somewhere in a weird google search
history of like weird porn it's that
good weird
that was fantastic felt like it was made
with care really good musicianship doing
some real manipulating of the
frequencies of the sense you can
actually hear the bass people love to
roll the tone out of a bass like take
away the actual body of the sound
because the challenge is to like make it
make it that slow
but still be like still pulling on you
yeah sounds like a sensual autopsy
I think I don't make me walk out of the
department store yeah feels like if that
was playing in Macy's almost feels like
not taking any chances are there any
balls who is it though
Barenaked Ladies hmm I'm just gonna run
in traffic to clean from you in 2017
paulus no Nets that's vice news tonight
for Tuesday November 28th
you
