of all the things former National
Security Advisor Mike Flynn could have
gone down for lying on a security
clearance forms taking money from a
foreign government in secret
participating in a crazy scheme to
kidnap a Turkish citizen living in the
US the thing the feds actually nailed
him for today seems pretty mundane
telling a few lies to the FBI that can
only mean one thing and several sources
confirm it Flynn is singing a special
prosecutor Muller's team and he has
something really good to sing about but
what exactly could that be we already
knew from multiple sources that in
December 2016 after President Obama
announced sanctions against Russia
Flynn spoke with the Russian ambassador
to ask them not to retaliate what we
found out today from court filings by
Muller's team is that before Flynn made
that call he talked things over with a
top official of the Trump transition
team who was in mar-a-lago and Trump by
the way was also in Marlo go at the time
we also learned that Flynn was ordered
by a very senior member of the
transition team to talk to the Russians
and a handful of other countries
about opposing an anti-israel resolution
in the UN Security Council national
security reporter Eli Lake wrote today
that that senior member was Trump's
son-in-law Jared Kushner technically
this all sounds like a violation of the
Logan M a law from 1799 that prohibits
non government officials from meddling
with foreign affairs but the Logan Act
is a weird little law it's only been
enforced once and there are a lot of
reasonable people who don't think that
it's all that bad for the incoming
national security adviser to be in touch
with foreign governments so what's the
big deal then well as the saying goes
it's the cover-up not the crime
Trump administration officials lied for
months about their contacts with the
Russians that looks shady and what
today's news makes clear is that it was
shady as were Trump's repeated efforts
to stymie the investigation including by
firing Jim Comey and the fact that
Kushner was involved that makes it
harder to believe Trump's claim that he
had no idea what Flynn was doing not
that that many people believed his claim
to begin with but in addition to
resuscitating the old Watergate chestnut
what did the president know and when did
he know it there's a bigger question now
at play what else could Mike Flynn sing
about Flynn after all was with the Trump
campaign for eight months before the
election he was there for Trump's first
official intelligence briefing he was
one of his closest confidants on foreign
policy and during his 24 day stint as
national security adviser Flynn sat in
on an hour-long call between Trump and
President Putin if Mike Flynn is just
warming up then President Trump has a
lot to be worried about
you
