during the.com era of the 90s a simple
domain name could sell for millions but
search engines have made prime URLs less
important in dot-com is just one of many
IP address options but now a new kind of
domain name is up for grabs and one man
thinks it's a second shot at an Internet
gold rush
we process images so much faster than we
do words so I thought of the emojis all
of a sudden someone could own being
happy or confused or silly or sunglasses
page how is like an Internet real estate
developer and right now it's a buyers
market for emoji domains instead of
having to give out a long domain name my
company calm slash all of a sudden they
can give out triple sunglasses you know
which is the smiley with the sunglasses
that really means cool so all of a
sudden you can say we're triple cool
we're triple cool and people think cool
cool cool ws and so that's what I spend
my day doing let's go come on in come
what is my most valuable emoji we've got
that the two girls dancing the party
girl emoji which I really like we
probably price that one about $7,000
right now you know how you hear stories
about some guy in the 90s who bought
McDonald's calm before McDonald's even
knew there was an Internet and then that
guy sold the domain back to McDonald's
for like a zillion dollars well page was
one of those guys though he bought
generic words tell me about some of your
successful URL sales I've got two of the
biggest sales of all time which is
seniors com4 1.7 million and then guy
calm for a million dollars fast forward
a couple decades and most of the good
words are taken you can't buy calm
that's a pornographic website that
caters to adults with specific interests
but you can buy triple poo emoji WS so
WS is for the island nation of Western
Samoa when they first gave out the
internet they said okay we're going to
give each country their own top-level
domain name the country codes
have more freedom of expression they're
not under the rules from this group
called I can I can is the Internet
Corporation for Assigned Names and
numbers a nonprofit that makes the rules
on Internet infrastructure earlier this
year I can issued a warning against the
use of emoji and domain names in part
because someone could fish people with
homographs or similar looking emojis but
that hasn't stopped Paige from investing
so how do you figure out how much to
sell an emoji domain for so right now
I'm literally making up the prices I may
say that I'm gonna sell my single
character is from between four and six
thousand dollars now I have no basis to
say that which means it could be too
high and it could be too low
who you imagine buying it anybody that I
used to start a conversation because it
put a smile on my face sometimes it's
gonna be that person who comes in
somebody wanted to come in and have the
taco you know what I mean and maybe they
say we're gonna use that to be a food
delivery service that delivers tacos I
think that may be where some of my
buyers come from more than the
traditional companies what's the most
expensive emoji domain you've got about
a thousand dollars for a single
character what was it that was the alien
emoji that that just seemed like a :
we were able to get some neat ones like
sparkles and unicorn together I just
thought oh that's kind of cool
wine and cheese together beer and pizza
together does it matter what order the
emojis are in I've sat in this chair
looking at this screen pondering
sometimes do I like unicorn sparkle or
do I like sparkle unicorn which ones you
go with unicorn sparkle and just seemed
like it was the unicorn needed to add
the lead at 54 years old
it's ESL for Paige that's emoji as a
second language and sometimes he needs
help with translation having a daughter
who's 17 and other daughter was 18 they
keep me up to speed on how those emojis
are used or I hate to say it if they're
used for inappropriate things your
in-house teen consultants oh yeah we
learned a lot when we bought the sweat
emoji what was that uh it just seems to
have a lot of meanings around the world
what what are they I you know I live
here in a small town in Manchester
Tennessee and my church elders would
probably not me what be sayings what
would you like to have for your own
personal website like what in my G
combination right now probably gonna go
with the triple cool because who doesn't
want to be triple cool and what's cool
worth we're still trying to figure it
out
