what you have is an official narrative
and then you have the real story and
then you have some junk conspiracy under
that somewhere so you have to sift for
those levels that's what I call it dark
journalism Kennedy here is waving to the
crowd and when he goes behind the sign
he gets shot another shot here hits John
Connally and then there's the fatal head
shot there it's a pretty horrible video
it's the death of a president on a
public street and broad daylight I mean
it changed the whole culture and I think
we're watching that right there so here
I am with Alexandra briefs from for the
acknowledged TV daniel lifts calls
himself dark journalist he runs a
website he started five years ago where
he seeks to expose the secrets of the
deep state the forces that would keep us
from knowing the truth about the world
we live in his YouTube videos have been
viewed over five million times annual
subscriptions start at $39 list web
seminars and video podcasts cover a
range of familiar alternative news
topics from the hidden forces he says
are behind 9/11 to America's
little-known black budget but with the
recent release of long classified
government documents one of his most
popular subjects has also been a
favorite the assassination of John F
Kennedy
such three shots well three shots is the
official version
I think it's organized triangulated
shooting I don't think that Oswald shot
any of the bullets
list has been investigating the Kennedy
case ever since he took up dark
journalism switching from an unfulfilled
career of reporting on tech companies to
focus on subjects he was more invested
in now he's part of a chorus of skeptics
who've kept the question of who killed
Kennedy alive for more than 50 years
lisps theory involving a cameo from the
during a break-in mastermind a Howard
hunt is on the more elaborate side I put
out a documentary called agent Oswald
which looked into Oswald's CIA
connections and Dulles caddy who's the
Watergate lawyer told me that hunt told
him that it was actually the UFO file
the UFO file yeah and like aliens he
said it was the alien presence that was
the reason behind the assassination have
you looked into other signs of alien
presence here is that something that
you've seen other indications of we can
go into the history of it I mean there's
70 years of material since 1947 right
and it's a lot bigger than just like the
Roswell crash or something like that so
the CIA killed Kennedy to stop him from
learning about the UFOs well first of
all Kennedy had a long track record of
knowing about the UFO activity and that
gave him a kind of an entree into that
world of exotic technology when we get
our hands on that technology it's a
hotter secret than the atomic bomb list
says the evidence for his claim is
already out there in the form of an
unauthenticated memo supposedly showing
that Kennedy asked to share UFO
technology with the Soviets but when the
Trump administration agreed to release
thousands of new papers last month he
hoped there'd finally be solid data to
back it up were there things that you
were hoping would come out in these
documents that was really definitive
hard proof
no they blocked most of the important
documents I think the ones that we're
getting are kind of you know the fluff
on top so for example there's a major
one here about MLK's sex life there's
another one about Hitler in Argentina I
mean these this is kind of fluff
documents that they've rolled in here
you don't think we'll ever get documents
from the government acknowledging the
UFO thing no I don't think they'll ever
be any kind of official disclosure
if lists is discouraged he doesn't show
it
he likes the search for truth where it's
being intentionally obscured in answers
to a world that can sometimes feel like
it's gone off track when it comes to the
Kennedy sort of myth and the Kennedy
life I think you are looking at a real
pattern of how society could rise and it
could be something better it does feel
like on some level you are pursuing the
truth about Kennedy as a way of honoring
them I think that you do have to honor
someone's service who brings the world
to a better place
Kennedy's vision was of a new world he's
taking us into a new frontier
when Kennedy is gone that sense almost
Arthurian mythical sense of a hero
leader has gone with it and if we could
have fulfilled that moment and brought
it forward I think we'd be living in a
very different society
you
