tonight the end of robert mugabe how
flooding crippled the Texas Court and
the streets of Harare erupted in
euphoria this evening with the
announcement that the 37 year reign of
President Robert Mugabe is officially
over his ouster ended a political crisis
that began eight days ago when tanks
rolled on the capital and Zimbabwe's
army placed the 93 year old strongmen
under house arrest and would have
mounted to a bloodless coup Mugabe
refused to step aside but with his own
party initiating impeachment proceedings
against him he finally resigned in a
letter to Parliament
whether the country is on a path towards
democracy is far from clear but for the
many citizens who've lived their entire
lives under autocratic rule today was
nothing short of
tens of thousands of Haitian immigrants
across the u.s. had their lives up ended
last night when the Trump administration
announced that it will not extend their
temporary protected status that
designation TPS for short gives work
permits to immigrants who are already
living in the US when their countries
are ravaged by disasters and war and
protects them from deportation Haiti
first qualified for the program after a
catastrophic earthquake in 2010 today
the clock began taking on their future
in America the TPS program was always
supposed to be temporary but for some
groups like Haitians it's been extended
so many times that has allowed them to
develop deep roots in the country at
this point all of the 60,000 Haitian TPS
recipients have been living here for
more than eight years and together they
have 27,000 us-born children there is no
other home for them to go to they've
spent the past decade building their
families and lives here
still the Haitians have only 20 months
before they're subject to deportation
which leaves another difficult choice
abandon the place they built their lives
and return to a place they haven't been
to in more than a decade go somewhere
else like Canada or go underground this
is my home I've been here for 18 years
and I didn't I have nothing left laity
and I don't have anything I don't have a
job an RV I was in Haiti everything I
have is here and we have kids born here
that we need to take help so I need to
stay I don't want to go back to 80 study
notes on patients with us born children
do have some potential legal options if
their kids are over 21 they can apply
for their parents to get green cards
there's also something called
cancellation of removal for those with
younger kids but it's not easy to get
you have to prove that your deportation
would cause exceptional and unusual
hardship for your children
representative Carlos corbello whose
district houses many of these Haitian
TPS recipients
doesn't understand why the US government
is rushing to kick them out I can
understand the argument that we should
have a more predictable consistent
immigration system we have this
patchwork of special rules and some laws
a lot of them are temporary in nature
these people have to plan their lives 18
months at a time everyone I've spoken to
people in Haiti many colleagues of mine
who have visited Haiti assure me that
Haiti is in no condition to accept back
tens of thousands of people this is the
Harris County Criminal Justice Center in
downtown Houston it's one of the busiest
courthouses in America or was until
Harvey hit flood water from the storm
only reached the basement of the Justice
Center but it tripped up the building's
pump system sending sewage up to the
second floor and bursting water pipes
all the way up to the 17th the building
flooded from the inside and was left
completely uninhabitable and when the
criminal justice center shut down so did
the justice system
hundreds of hearings had to be postponed
to get things moving again most criminal
judges have been sharing space and
already busy family in civil courts and
sometimes the county has to get creative
how do you play to this guilty or not
guilty they're converting old jail cell
blocks to court rooms we address male
inmates hearings in the mornings and
then we conduct the female hearings in
the afternoon
the district attorney's office used to
be spread across five floors in the
Justice Center now it's sitting up shop
anywhere this free space like this
ballroom at the top of a downtown office
building we were forced to move 700
staff lawyers investigators and
administrative personnel to about 10
different locations which really cuz I
heard eight dozen worse we've been told
that we won't be back in it for up to a
year and to stand by have you had to
prioritize which cases you're actually
being able to hear yes cases involving
children cases involving individuals who
were seriously injured we've pushed
those forward and then on the daily
dockets the people in jail are the
priority defendants who don't fall into
those categories go to the back of the
line it was nasty you could smell feces
because it was a big pile of in a Miller
Street Kelvin Ward pleaded not guilty
nineteen months ago to charges he was
part of a robbery ring two days after
the flooding he showed up for a
scheduled pre-trial hearing so when you
showed up and you find out the your
dates been pushed back what are you
thinking I was mad I was frustrated I
was a girl that was gonna trial it day
it was that wasn't this was begin though
with an ample to start working the more
again you're supposed to be working the
next day yes I'll start working in that
very next day that Tuesday and then what
happening I got fired why'd you get
fired because I move on and they were
like we're not gonna dealing about us on
bond prosecutors haven't given me a
recommendation on your case yet either
Murray Newman is Calvin's attorney he's
got a few clients both in and out of
jail who are waiting in limbo
the thing is about a criminal case that
is lost on so many people is that it is
the the very most important thing going
on in their life until it's resolved
your life is put on hold when you were
charged with a crime and especially if
it's something that affects your
livelihood I mean it can affect child
custody cases people fail to appreciate
how badly a criminal accusation just the
accusation can disrupt your life another
thing that's been disrupted the right to
be tried by jury appears for a full six
weeks all jury trials were cancelled
because a jury Assembly Building was
flooded that building used to process a
thousand jurors a day checking news at
the basement good morning jury duty
started up again last month on a much
smaller scale in a cafeteria in the
basement of the county tax building the
scarcest commodity that we have right
now or jury trials and those are the
crown jewel of the entire criminal
justice system until they get us up and
running again where we can have jury
trials with regularity and speed that we
would under optimal conditions then
justice and being done the county wasn't
able to tell us exactly how many cases
have been impacted or how long it will
take to repair the justice center and
before that word can even start County
engineer's have to file a female
application that could take several
months to complete you're waiting on a
court date yes it is within the realm
possibilities that you could be found
guilty there I'd rather have that then
go around the limbo
I still want somebody tell me feel
guilty instead of me been innocent like
I am now but still getting treated as I
am guilty I don't want to have my damn
foot
the annual UN climate conference ended
on Saturday with 20 countries including
the UK France and Mexico pledging to
stop using coal power completely by 2030
but politicians aren't the only
risk-averse group phasing out the dirty
fossil fuel insurers are starting to see
coal companies as bad investments and
unhealthy clients insurance is so
crucial to public safety that it's often
illegal for a business to operate
without it because of this insurance
companies have a lot of power if they
decided to stop insuring certain types
of companies they could annihilate
entire sectors of the economy and that's
what some people think might happen with
coal a report released last week
estimates that leading insurers
including AXA score and Zurich have
withdrawn about 20 billion dollars worth
of investments in coal infrastructure
such as mines and power plants and since
last year many of those same companies
have also decided to stop insuring
entities whose profits mostly come from
coal related activities
insurance companies are businesses like
any other and they need to turn a profit
so these decisions aren't just based on
environmental concern they're happening
because coal increasingly looks like a
bad investment asset valve on stone at
AXA why they not only stopped investing
in the coal sector but are now also
refusing to insure mines and power
plants soon after we made the coal
divestment announcement we started
thinking well if we no longer wish to
support this industry perhaps we should
also no longer support them from an
insurance perspective that's basically
the property and casualty risks we
underwrite for them as an insurer we are
very well placed to know that climate
change is a fact it's happening it's
already hitting our books so anything we
can do to help mitigate and adapt to
climate change we're willing to try
so for AXA ending support for coal makes
sense financially and politically but
not all insurers have reached the same
conclusion so far the companies who drop
cool represent just 13% of global
insurance assets and none of them are
based in the US
mostl said American companies often see
things a little differently sometimes
when I speak to some of my North
American competitors they tend to view
sustainability primarily as a
philanthropy initiative is it inevitable
for the u.s. to go down this trend
honestly I really don't know I do hope
so because we certainly do need America
u.s. insurers have a large financial
stake in the fossil fuel industry
together the top 40 American insurers
have invested more than four hundred and
fifty billion dollars in coal oil and
gas at the same time insurance companies
in the u.s. are struggling to cover the
monumental cost of climate change
insured losses from the three biggest
hurricanes this year are likely to
approach 100 billion dollars and as
costs continue to rise
American insurers may put some serious
thought into following the European
example and pulling their support from
the coal business because it's
endangering theirs
this is a day that's gonna be etched in
history the quest for truth and it can
seem crazy but all of us laughed at this
topic including myself this is the
probably the most ridiculous thing I
ever thought that I'd be doing and Here
I am organizing the Flat Earth
international conference but I'm not
laughing anymore there's a lot of people
that have different ideas on what the
Flat Earth is but what one things we all
agree on is that we don't live on a
spinning ball flying to infinite space
do you feel yourself spinning wobbling
gyrating no I'm pretty rock solid we
always say don't believe us do your own
research but unless you know there's a
question you're not gonna do the
research toilet water is not flying out
on people in Australia because of
gravity well hello it doesn't fly out of
the toilet because water seeks its
wobble the Flat Earth would be a
circular flat area surrounded by a field
that is known as Antarctica this white
rim around the outside a lot of people
refer to it as the ice wall and then the
dome is over the top now how high it is
is also in question I believe that some
kind of star field firmament it's about
6,000 miles above us it appears to be a
cymatic light field electromagnetic
energy not gravity at all gravity's a
deception the Sun the moon are these
transcendental cymatic luminaries
see that's a great conspiracy but the
best part of being at a conference like
this is I can talk to somebody that will
listen to you my mother if I tried to
talk to her about any of these things
she doesn't believe me
I just can't take that rejection so come
in here you're going to talk to people
who have done the same journey and
they've come to the same conclusions and
they don't want to live a lie I've done
about a dozen experiments I was actually
looking to debunk flat or if I'm not
like diehard flat earther I want to be a
flat earther I want to believe the
government I want to believe what we've
been told our whole life there's nothing
worse than being like all the people
that we pay taxes to are lying to us
with our money
they're lying I ain't buying who's they
well basically Satan I don't necessarily
want to get into like name you know is
the Illuminati or the bilderbergs the
Jesuits the Freemasons the trilateral
commission or the Vatican the Zionists
massa
of course
yes as far as I know I'm the first guy
in the whole world to make a working
physical model of the platter name this
one hidden lands beyond because some of
us think that there's other lands that
they're hiding from us and that could be
very well that they discovered these
other lands and they just don't want us
to know about it I mean you know we
might want to go there repopulate it
this is the beginning this will be put
in the history books today mark that
date because whether it's the next
generation the generation after they
will remember this date people are
taking notice something's going on this
has got to a point now we're becoming
really hi I'm Stephen and that was
fantastic
keep traps ratchet you know anyway don't
don't clean it up it's always just be
nasty and terrible I just need to hear
that with like full-on speakers that I
think there's either kind of partially
be deaf at the end of hearing that song
I want to feel like I'm possibly making
a bad decision by listening to it it
almost is like eating straight like
teriyaki sauce like just drinking
teriyaki sauce man
I just I love trap
you should take it as a compliment the
way you talk well that was a lot that
baby freaked me out of the beginning
that's weird
here's a baby and then you're so
gorgeous unless he's talking to a baby
which is even more weird just like the
lyrics took me down a different pathway
I was just like kill me it was pretty
cool nasty little flunky bids I'm
genuinely stumped I don't know that is
Taylor Swift oh cool
that's even creepier mmm smoky R&B it's
very moving
reminds me of Leone where a bit I don't
know it's just very soft very flaccid I
mean is that blasted you use it to
describe half-boner just so you know it
exists that's the I can't get an uber
Club close they're not serving any more
drinks
that's that song
hmm sounds like the intro to like the
third season of daredevil it feels a
little dastardly that was more cinematic
a bit to me which I can dig I can
totally dig you know whose it
Evanescence
yeah nice sounds like she just stabbed
somebody that was a lot to sit through
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
November 21st
you
