tonight after Isis and Marawi Lebanon's
missing Prime Minister and the YouTube
talk show makes it big
rescuers are searching for survivors
after the deadliest earthquake so far
this year struck a mountainous region
near the iran/iraq border the 7.3
magnitude quake has killed more than 400
people most of them in the kermanshah
province in northwestern Iran more than
seven thousand are injured and at least
50 aftershocks have been registered
since the quake hit Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell said Roy Moore
should drop out of Alabama's Senate race
after allegations surfaced that more
sexually abused a 14 year old and
pursued other underage girls I think I
should step aside I believe the woman
yes McConnell also said Republicans were
considering a write-in candidate for the
special election next month Moore has
denied the allegations and tweeted that
McConnell has failed conservatives today
a second woman beverly young Nelson said
more sexually assaulted her when she was
16 and he was a 30 year old District
Attorney President Trump said he will
nominate Alex's are a former
pharmaceutical executive to become the
Health and Human Services Secretary if
he's confirmed Bazar would fill the role
left open after a scandal forced Tom
Price to resign in September Trump
announced his pic on Twitter saying that
Azhar would quote lower drug prices
Azhar was president of Eli Lilly's u.s.
division until January of this year and
he held two positions at Health and
Human Services under george w bush
in a rare defection by a North Korean
soldier to South Korea a member of the
military successfully crossed the
Demilitarized Zone in the process the
soldier was shot and wounded in his
shoulder and elbow South Korean soldiers
found him on their side of the border
and he was taken to a hospital as
tensions with North Korea remain high
the United States put on a rare show of
force in the western Pacific exercising
three aircraft carriers together for the
first time in ten years
the drill involved the USS Ronald Reagan
USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS
Nimitz the South Korean and Japanese
Navy's also joined the four-day drill
which is expected to end tomorrow
after his first face-to-face meeting
with Philippine strongman Rodrigo
Duterte in Manila
President Trump said today that the two
have a quote great relationship do tear
tase record on human rights is abysmal
but there is no public rebuke from the
American president instead Trump talked
trade in Duterte thanked him for
supporting the Philippine Army's recent
victory over Isis link militants in
Malawi
Duterte declared the city liberated last
month after is scorching a hundred and
forty eight day siege what's left of
meroe is now under martial law
Isabelle young who is there at the
height of the battle returned to tally
the cost of the war
anyone
this right here
pronouncing Meehan is returning home for
the first time since victory was
declared in the rally during the height
of the battle he and his neighbors tried
to flee the city but their homes were
surrounded by Isis militants but illegal
walk to the Schindler's with a warm-up
to eat dinner Berlin before reaching
safety will now was captured and held
hostage by a local Islamic extremist
group with links to Isis Isis forever do
you think that you'll ever come back
tomorrow but I know buddy
it took the Philippines armed forces
five months to reclaim the city half of
meroe was leveled in the process three
hundred and sixty thousand people were
displaced and at least one thousand
killed
the center here is horrific you can tell
these bodies have been about 20 or so
cadavers in here that they managed to
retrieve from our area today and they're
just taking them out to try and close up
them test their DNA it's just all very
young we live 17 history 17 person
you're burying 17 today so these are all
the unidentified bodies yeah these are
all the unidentified bodies so are they
all militants civilians and many lives
on Jesse the solution in entire Lana
Lang absol hamid on a beetle has the
grim task of retrieving and burying the
dead many end up here in these mass
graves sabrina saw a 100 bodies living
at indy to my own ksama among boo - boo
- skeleton i think - ama 600 bodies now
Angelo bodies are still being removed
from the war zone every day but the
battle is far from over
I mean number I know this is a Muslim
majority region prone to sectarian
violence and anti-government sentiment
for several decades now the state will
have to win people back starting with
the few residents who've cautiously
returned to the outskirts of the city
i'm lee roth non-union dean honest I
knew p√∫blicas do not know mati lista
there were strict guidelines on
airstrikes when it comes to mosques and
other religious structures because we
wouldn't like to spark sectarian anger
when it comes to the Muslim populations
in the area but as a result that meant
the war lasted for several months yes
that's one of the factors first
lieutenant Ron Villa Rosa was sent here
to Malawi to assist with the rebuilding
but that effort has been slow-moving
because there's still an unknown number
of militants fighting in the city the
sea remain a threat because they could
just as easily come reorganized to
conduct another another attack inside
veracity are you worried that given that
it's taken five months to complete this
battle and there's still some militants
inside that this could lead to
increasing resentment towards the
government and then that will increase
the chances of extremists returning yes
we understand that we are not just
battling people we are battling
ideologies you cannot kill the ideology
you can only render it irrelevant so
long as the trigger factors are there
then it will from time to time again
rice
it's been more than a week since
lebanese prime minister Saud al Hariri
abruptly announced his resignation in a
televised speech broadcast from Saudi
Arabia Cheney or an illness defile a
teamily asset and human Lebanon eeeh he
hasn't been back to Lebanon since the
unusual circumstances around Hariri's
absence of left Lebanese citizens
utterly confused Seb Walker reports from
Beirut the case of the captive prime
minister has gripped this country
billboards subside al-hariri face have
been thrown up all over town bearing
slogans such as we want our Prime
Minister back and waiting for you
the official line from the government
here is the Hariri is being held against
his will the president has said he won't
accept the resignation unless it happens
in person and he's urged caution against
any remarks Herrera delivers before then
but then when Mandela is sad that how do
you Tim last night's interview again
recorded in Riyadh was the first time
her Amy had been seen since his shock
announcement he appeared tired and
stressed and seemed to be looking off
camera at several points that other
people in the room Hariri suggested he
could return in a few days but
reiterated his reasons for resigning
namely the influence exerted by Iran on
Lebanon's main Shiite political group
Hezbollah the strongest military force
in the country and a thorn in Saudi
Arabia's side theater the holy dilemma
and the bomb in Iran when Hezbollah
musta had no and it won't be me
Italian model Morphin backed by Iran
Hezbollah has consolidated its power
here in recent years and become
increasingly involved in the conflict
next door in Syria sending fighters to
support the government of Bashar
al-assad it's facing new US sanctions
for doing so
Saudi Arabia's new Crown Prince is
determined to reassert Saudi influence
in the region
pushing Hariri into a saudi-backed
confrontation with Hezbollah could be a
part of that strategy but Lebanese
commentators with knowledge of Hezbollah
viewpoints say it won't work we are
talking about an organization that has
extended its its wait outside the
Lebanese borders this group has gained a
lot of experience they have now very
sophisticated weaponry to fight any kind
of aggression including a Saudi and an
Israeli aggression because any other
aggression is out of the question in
Lebanon if some outside players are
trying to gamble the fact that a civil
war is going to happen in Lebanon not
any million years as ever these days
there are major questions as to the u.s.
role in the events the White House was
called for Hillary's swift return but
many here feel that have moved this bold
from Saudi Arabia must have had implicit
US support
the UN's annual meeting on climate
change is underway in Bonn Germany where
countries are focused on one big task
how to implement the Paris climate
agreement as it usually does the u.s. is
participating in those talks but after
years of leading the charge on climate
action this time around the u.s. is
taking a back seat the Paris agreement
the biggest ever global agreement on
climate change would never have existed
without American leadership previous
administrations spent years pushing
other countries to sign a deal then the
summer President Trump announced his
intention to withdraw from the agreement
but the u.s. is still very much in for
the time being because the rules make
countries take a four year cooling-off
period before they're allowed to walk
away so until 2020 the u.s. still has a
seat at the table and the government did
send a delegation to this year's UN
climate meeting in Bonn Germany but if
you ask members of previous US
delegations one thing is clear America
is not taking the lead according to
Jonathan Pershing the former lead
negotiator representing the United
States at the last big UN climate
meeting in Morocco the US government has
benched some key players last year we
had a whole discussion on land-use and
forests
I needed technical experts I brought
people from the Forest Service people
from the US Department of Agriculture
last year I brought them this year I
understand they will be staying home I
had a whole team thinking about finance
this year maybe no one maybe one person
so even though these issues are on the
agenda there will not be much of a
technical team from the US to reflect
the depth of those we asked the State
Department why this year's 48 person
delegation counts just three technical
experts but they didn't respond to her
inquiry compared with last year's group
which included 93 delegates of which 14
were experts that's a significant
reduction that doesn't inspire much
confidence
when choices are being made about the
implementation of the Paris agreement
the US may not have the right people on
hand to evaluate the impact of these
suggestions on the country and that
could lead to bad decisions the EU China
and Japan will likely take on the
leading role that the u.s. used to
occupy still Jonathan Pershing says that
the ramifications of the u.s. acting
like a bystander at world climate
conferences are significant for everyone
people have looked at our technical
understanding has the depth of analytics
that we bring to the table and rely on
us for a great deal of that no other
single country has that kind of depth so
if the u.s. walks away it's going to
have an impact even combined the rest of
the world is not as well off without the
u.s. India's second largest city New
Delhi remains shrouded and dangerously
thick smog the levels of toxicity in the
air are 10 times higher than what's
considered safe it's not just hard to
breathe for some drivers it's hard to
even see
the pollution is so thick that it's
hidden some of the most famous landmarks
in New Delhi in many of the cities 25
million residents have resorted to
wearing masks Sumitra DeCoteau rata or
conceive of Hirata
or o kumi a su errata or Nakamura Panama
Cullotta yeah the limit of al Adha Lake
Minnesota Sal Parata legen e it's any
automotive oh it's me all the alcohol or
I'm as part of their emergency measures
city officials ordered firefighters to
try to dampen the dust particles
construction sites and vehicles are
catching some of the blame for the smog
so some building work has been paused
and truck use has been restricted
Delhi's Chief Minister falls farmers in
neighboring Haryana and Punjab provinces
they burn millions of tons of crop waste
as winter approaches but the farmers are
a powerful voting lobby in India and if
they're going to become more
environmentally conscious they want to
be compensated for it
India's central government says it can't
afford to pay the most dangerous
pollutant particle in the air is called
PM 2.5 it can bury itself deep in the
lungs and enter the bloodstream and can
be fatal
the number of respiratory cases in New
Delhi's hospitals is tripled this is
probably the closest we'll ever come to
seeing what a gas chamber looks like the
air quality index is supposed to be good
oh great if it's 30 or below 30 to 35
all right if it's 50 and after a hundred
it starts getting dangerous for health
the last reported figures the 426 which
means we are essentially smoking all of
us 40 cigarettes a day
if you didn't know any better you might
think you're on the set of a cable
network television show but this show
only broadcasts on YouTube rhett
mclaughlin and link Neal are the hosts
of the most watched Daily Show online
rhett and Link have been best friends
since the first grade and they've been
making YouTube videos for over 10 years
welcome to our lair this is my album
collection just Merle Haggard yeah we're
we're we're both like diehard Merle
Haggard fans they drive to work together
they share an office space and sometimes
they get on each other's nerves mmm it's
kind of moved beyond friendship at this
point it's like we're like an old
married couple
yeah it's bigger but but our goals are
very much aligned rhett and Link have
produced over 1500 episodes of good
mythical morning the show has over 12
million subscribers on YouTube and more
than 3.7 billion total views is that a
cherry or an eyeball well that's an
eyeball man I'm not even now they've
been doing so well
YouTube's decided to invest in making
the show even bigger tell me about the
expansion of the show yeah what a great
idea
starting today each good mythical
morning episode is going to consist of
four videos this is the first one and
there are three more waiting for you
right after this one the show's gone
from ten minutes of rhett and Link
sitting on chairs made out of
marshmallows and eating weird food
just hate a scorpion yep to a much
bigger variety show production every
morning is about 25 minutes of musical
performances celebrity guest stars and
even more weird food forgive the
expression but I think a lot of people
would look at what you're doing and say
oh they're youtubers that making videos
on YouTube this must be easy it's like
you don't call the you know the duffer
brothers Netflix errs because they have
a show on Netflix suddenly you get
putting the same boat with a lot of
people who are just oh I this this
person just uploads a vlog from their
bedroom every single day and that's
great and that works but that's not what
we're doing you know like we're trying
to create shows and properties that
people can incorporate into their lives
in the way that they incorporate other
forms of traditional entertainment which
is exactly what advertisers are hoping
for and if rhett and Link want to keep
those advertisers happy they need to
make sure the show stays ad friendly the
shows really family-friendly is that
hard to keep up at all now with the
expanded show we've got guests coming in
and okay they need they got to play in
our world right so even with a musical
guest this morning he had to retake the
song because they asked him to edit out
some of his words don't say deep rider
the natural result of doing stuff that
everybody can enjoy is that you know
brands are not scared to work with us
you know we can we can do a lot of
different brand integrations with
products that we that we think our
audience will like and won't you know
kind of corrupt our content which is the
tough thing about being successful on
the Internet the bigger the show gets
the more advertisers get involved and
the more it starts to look like
traditional television in the case of
good mythical morning you'd think their
fans would be happy their favorite show
is getting even bigger but a lot of
people don't like this new format the
general logic of the Internet is do not
read the comments section right and so
we don't follow that logic though
because I think our cut our content has
been shaped and influenced very very
heavily by the audience I think this is
our opportunity to just be more can I
tell you
to process the comments and the feedback
we're getting from you guys but also for
you to hear from us more candidly
understand that there was feedback um
yeah there's feedback I couldn't figure
out if I was gonna start crying at one
point I literally like I was like it was
one of those like am i angry am I hurt
they don't think they want it to change
but then they will lose interest if it
doesn't change you know you want to
elevate the content you want we want to
do stupid things in smart way we want to
do smart things in a stupid way
we get you and we figure that out what
what makes us proud of our work but also
gets the clicks and that's I don't know
it's a lot of trial and error and we do
it every day
that's vice news tonight for Monday
November 13th
you
