overnight Zimbabwe military seized power
entertained its despotic ruler Robert
Mugabe Major General Moya assured the
country that the 93 year old president
and his family were quote safe and sound
we wish to make it abundantly clear that
this is not a military takeover of God
and even though the military is denying
this is a coup the citizens of Zimbabwe
woke up this morning to find the
capital's Airport government offices and
state-run television all under the
control of the Armed Forces the streets
seemed calm in Harare today after a
chaotic night that saw the world's
oldest head of state suddenly placed
under house arrest but even if daily
life appeared to be going on as normal
everyone was only talking about one
thing what's that it's heavy
disco Gaby's been in power since 1980
after leading the fight for Zimbabwe
independence from Britain in the long
arc of his presidency he went from
championing social services early on to
becoming synonymous with bloody
political suppression and now that
Mugabe is 93 and his help has been
faltering the question of who will take
his place has only become more pressing
he indicated whose side he was on last
week when he fired his likely successor
and longtime vice president Emerson men
and Goguen
and in getting rid of his VP Mugabe was
effectively throwing his support behind
his wife Grace she and men and Gaga
represent competing factions of Mugabe
zanu-pf party whereas grace is a
favorite of the parties younger civilian
members men and Gaga
hails from the generation that went to
war for independence in the 1970s he
still has strong ties to the military an
analysts say the events of last night
are really just a way of maintaining the
status quo under the old guard
this is just an attempt by one general
and his allies to try to reinstall the
fired vice-president and set that vice
president up a Zimbabwe's leader but
these are men that have a long history
of committing atrocities against
civilians of being involved in corrupt
business dealings this is not the future
of Zimbabwe in Myanmar today Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson met with Aung
song su Chi and urged an investigation
into reports of quote widespread
atrocities against the Rohingya minority
since August about 600,000 Virunga
Muslims have fled the Myanmar military
and taken shelter in neighboring
Bangladesh
like thousands of her hinga refugees
mohamed hussein is getting the first
piece of official ID recognizing his
ethnicity so you can aid software but
the meet our buyer at her and attorney
chair so he is taking the finger pins
with left hand first five fingers so dr.
Whitley's biometrics a second part
picture on our ship departed office
partaken take away a bomb individual
capital gentleman they attack a devour
its AppData multiple for catering
individual complete curricula they
follow in seven makeshift processing
centers the Bangladeshi government is
trying to organize about 1 million
rahaga who has left me in mind because
identity our board taka government side
think Ikeda should it should be that
they obey SATA she done that on a hobby
but I'm Raja the other identity Nakayama
delicacy
a gene is Tamra Kaka did she say any
step or no polish or third barrel but
there's more to this effort than making
it easier to distribute aid officials
could eventually use the new database to
streamline the process of sending the
rahaga back to myanmar so far more than
500,000 refugees have received identity
cards and bangladesh expects to finish
registering all of them this month who
my own Rasheed's work has already shown
just how valuable a register of people
can be in the chaos of the refugee camps
here's the name of the head of family
okay is his wife good age and another 7
years old and then some 16 years old
the Bangladeshi businessman turned
humanitarian started an informal census
months ago as a way of tracking who
received the aid he was supplying
himself it also enables him to reunite
families who'd been separated when they
ran from the violence at home family
bloody buggery still oh so you wanna
tell mr. Bhalla reformer with her back I
was documents to determine the main
target corridors the nobility billet
s-salam see that it touchdown any other
money that ever been out of context
yeah buddy be accepted what I did not
leave yeah hey I'm thinking like busy
basic question again the how he had a
vision the Virunga have fought being
classified in the past when ID cards
were used to persecute them the
government of Myanmar also known as
Burma introduced identification papers
based on a 1982 law that essentially
categorized Ranga as illegal immigrants
denying them rights but refugees have
welcomed the new Bangladeshi IDs which
recognized the stateless people for the
first time are our maharaja wrong and i
believe o king took our arun era ruined
yahoo agree into in the lineup - Raghava
Massey they are wrong ideological that
they have a lot of pushing
initially the Bangladesh authorities
only listed Myanmar as the nationality
on the ID cards but after hearing
complaints from refugees they added
another word bro hang on
hi Michael morning how are you thank you
it's a nice apartment is it okay if I
look around yeah show me this isn't
exactly what you'd think
exile looks like but there's nothing
run-of-the-mill about fugitive
billionaire guangwen gray the real
estate tycoon who goes by the English
name miles has spent the last two years
hold up 18 stories above New York's
Central Park drinking his coffee out of
crystal glassware and live-streaming
incendiary accusations against
high-ranking Chinese officials sometimes
while working out when did you buy this
apartment ah 2015 yeah and you paid 68
million dollars no no no it's just all
the fake numbers I like it music Donald
Trump has been talk about faking news
yeah this is the idea really good I have
a sensitive oppose it means fake even a
problem the prize is a fake yeah I bear
the apartment totally play 82 million
there are a lot of disputed facts about
Guam
everything from when he was born to
where he was born what is known about
his Gant's be like existence as he
became close to high-ranking Chinese
officials in the 1990s it became super
rich through real estate developments
but by 2015
Gua fled to the United States just as a
government ally he was linked to came
under investigation for accepting bribes
okay that's a different view Wow oh so
tiny is still the levity to that corner
just a diamond cleaner yeah favortie
night and that is a Fifth Avenue this is
the source is you're in the cofunction
corner yeah
Oh in New York a super Hotel shopping
super restaurant
super RVs I'm the central part they did
a very very bad job teaching you
communism
the Chinese government accuses guava
bribery fraud and money laundering when
we assure you go people teaching usual
just wounds you though these you
possibility opens up containing the
Phoenicians here China has issued a
warrant for his arrest but it doesn't
have an extradition treaty with the US
Gua turned around and used YouTube and
Twitter to level the exact same
corruption charges against top members
of China's Communist Party he accuses
the government of being a mafia and says
he's fighting for China to stamp out
corruption this American curry Americans
it's big variable for the some time
Americans love these can you think of
money is thing a big house no your
freedom you secured it it's done bro
important this is the 21 century we need
a route oppelo route of the law now
ruled by mafia so one man in an 82
million dollar apartment with a YouTube
stream can change China yeah definitely
really they show you wall live streams
every day sometimes for hours exposing
or threatening to reveal secret business
deals and financial collusion
okay it's your job now you're a TV star
now no hole I don't like it how'd it go
okay okay
really good Guan says it's his live
streams and tweets the top old monkey
Anju the former head of law enforcement
and Wang Shi Shen China's
anti-corruption czar Gua called them his
top enemies neither were investigated or
charged with anything but last month
both retired from Chinese leadership not
long ago you said fairly recently that
China's hacking power could have an
effect in this country worse than 9/11
yes right yes
these Fung this one I wanna show you
just a year to date we signed it back
you know which one it is these one
justice fun I take the phone go go on
the map my yard my yard lose control so
you think they took over the controls of
your yard
coach is the phone through the phone
through the phone control my yard really
yes geez I told you this bad dress was
Twitter and Facebook accounts are also
routinely blocked at a recent Senate
hearing Facebook lawyers insisted it was
because Guam published other people's
personal information you did not come
under pressure from the Chinese
government or any of its representatives
or people working for them to block his
account or to block whatever it is you
blocked we did receive in a report from
representatives of the Chinese
government about the account we analyzed
that report as we would any other
several members of guan's family have
been arrested his brother and niece were
sent to prison a few weeks ago for
destroying accounting documents
connected to the family's fortune why do
you think the government so afraid of
you it was played on teams will assure
you it was told what their quota de
ba√±o may or you couldn't kill dongle to
go without attorney Tony you know the
Chinese government accuses you of doing
things like you know playing dirty
releasing people's information and you
know releasing sex tapes and things like
this you accuse the government of doing
the same thing to you
do you regret any of the
tactics that in any of the the way that
you fought this this campaign way for us
of a same question same question
yeah she did she says you gotta stop
doing it this way you're being too hard
yeah II think too tough yeah you regress
you think we have another situation may
be better it is a very emotional
president it because it's what he Anna
what hiding
well over the wind he was hunched over
went into Joshua walking on boy you a
drink over theater yeah you a vision of
quench it was a children aren't you
what's wrong I worry we caught you that
your decision it doable okay what were
you a chance to flourish on the waters
of all was I see and I see that the fans
are champion for me endlessly a cultivar
pardon what they're painting use
treatable yeah what happened will
trigger Sir William just service will
see ecology the Yugi will chip at her
for sure what I knew your Jonathan's
could overheat rosacea well ye
intergeneration without you we can see
mom what we need to go cinema balancing
et merci
what does guy being true well y'all
choose whatever says you wanna pee lling
to the United States for asylum and has
made friends with people connected to
the Trump administration including Steve
Bannon in the meantime his sanctuary is
an apartment that real estate records
show was purchased not for 82 million
dollars but for sixty seven point five
Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore's
campaign staged a late day press
conference today to challenge
allegations that more forced himself on
to teenage women and tried to initiate
relationships with several others when
he was a prosecutor in his 30s not one
time have I ever seen him act even
remotely inappropriate against any woman
as part of his argument Maura's attorney
demanded that one of his accusers turn
over a yearbook she claims Moore signed
but shortly afterward another accuser
came forward saying that Moore groped
her in his law office in 1991 when she
was 28 the back and forth allegations
guarantee that the story will be a
national obsession for yet another day
but in Moores home state of Alabama not
everyone is so rattled by the charges
inside the beltway and across most of
America the allegations against Roy
Moore seem obviously and viscerally
wrong if those allegations are true if
they should disqualify him from ever
serving in public office again but
there's still a chance to Roy Moore it
could be the next senator from Alabama
because some folks here see those
allegations a little bit differently so
I went to a Senior Center in Huntsville
to talk to an older generation about how
they view all this I heard from a lot of
folks there that back in the 40s 50s and
60s it wasn't that uncommon for older
men to court younger women I spoke with
two friends Marjorie a retired secretary
and Margaret a retired teacher they
agreed on one thing the stuff those
women accused were anymore of doing was
pretty typical of men when they were
growing up but despite that they still
disagreed on the race Marjorie is
supporting Roy Moore
and Margaret supporting Doug Jones what
do you think about what's going on with
for anyone right now I think it's
terrible especially coming from Alabama
because we don't need that kind of thing
happening here why do you think
Alabama's got a bit of a reputation is
that what you're worried about
well I think it does have with other
states
we're lower in education but I don't
like bad news coming out of Alabama
about anything since I live here I want
it to be a good place was that kind of
thing sort of older men dating younger
women a little bit more common do you
think back then or less less of a big
deal well we just didn't hear about it
what do you mean you think it happened
but you didn't hear about it yes I do
think it happened what things that
happened to women back then they didn't
tell it Louis they wouldn't have been
believed okay it's so hard to come out
and tell something like that on it so
you think there is a world in which
these women would have kept quiet for so
long because it was common and it just I
do I do
Wow do you know any folks that
personally experienced something like
that well even when I was in school
things happen but you know people me and
teachers touched us maybe
inappropriately but we just didn't say
anything we just you know thought we had
that was part of life why was that why
do you think people didn't realize that
it was an appropriate back that I don't
know I guess the women you know underdog
or whatever we always had to do what the
been saying why continue to support Roy
more if you know what happened back then
you think you might have been in a
precise tail sign they haven't proven it
I have 159 right now him at a hundred
and seventy nine point four million
dollars pablo picasso's la femme del
cher holds the record for the most
expensive work of art ever sold at
auction but Wednesday night in New York
City a recently rediscovered painting by
Leonardo da Vinci could top it Salvator
Mundi is a 500 year old portrait of
Christ formerly owned by a Russian
oligarch it's valued at a hundred
million dollars but a chance to own the
only da Vinci painting outside of a
museum could drive bidding past 200
million dollars we went to Christie's
with Brazilian artist Vik Muniz who's
famous for his recreations of classic
works for a private viewing of Salvator
Mundi to see what a hundred million
dollars worth of genius really looks
like
haha the fact that the painting is being
out of public view for so long you have
an urge to see it because God knows you
know if this painting goes to a private
collector it won't be seen for a long
long time looking at that painting it's
just a first look immediately tells me
it's a little hard
nobody could paint hair like that only
he could paint a crystal ball without
it's in his inner imperfections there's
something about the Falls you know the
way he depicted draperies is
particularly similar to a lot of the
drapery present in most of his works
this is a depiction of Christ's most
famous depicting like saints or divinity
they rely on having a halo in here now
no he just decides to picture Christ as
a man there's an utter physicality to it
the Vinci painted in layers of glazes so
the picture has this amazing depth and
inspires you to think about a person it
feels like an apparition you know it's
there in it isn't
almost like a ghost and the way he was
so discerning about painting he left him
with little choice but abandoning many
of these paintings you know he didn't
finish most of the work he started it's
rare to see a finishing painting by
Leonardo da Vinci as I said there's like
over a dozen of them and this is one of
it Leonardo you know he probably
influenced every artist since his death
and I think he cemented the idea of the
artist as an observer as somebody who's
translating the world art has always
been about negotiating what the insider
has what's around us Leonardo did that
with such mastery
the fact that it important work of art
has value it guarantees its continuation
into the history it's supposed to depict
$100,000,000 is such a number you know I
don't I cannot think of it but I'm sure
it's not so much of a number for some
people that's vice news tonight for
Wednesday November 15th
you
