Larry Lynam lost his seven-year-old
daughter Gina here on a summer morning
in 1980 this is the monument they
erected after everything kind of settled
down is this a place you come to
sometimes no no I've not been here in
years the significance in there this it
goes with me where I go I don't have to
come here he'd sent Gina off to Sunday
service at First Baptist Church in
downtown before heading around the
corner to another church where he was
singing in the choir everything that
happened in here on June the 22nd for
about 31 seconds was awful 31 seconds is
all it took
in a small town of Dangerfield Texas
this morning a heavily armed man dressed
in army gear walked into a Baptist
Church yelled this is war and opened
fire on the congregation when it was
over four people were dead including a
seven-year-old girl at least nine were
wounded he was identified as Alan King
the third a former math teacher
residents who knew Kings say he may have
held a grudge against members of the
congregation the killings in Dangerfield
were a shock to the nation at the time a
mass shooting on a Sunday morning at
church in quiet small-town America when
it happened again this week in eerily
similar circumstances it brought the
past back to life and ripped open
the kinds of wounds that never really
heal I would let her ride her bicycle
down this street right here Lynam
doesn't live in Dangerfield anymore he
can hardly bear to visit I would run
through the woods watching her till she
got right up here so I told her just to
make sure she was safe that's right
sounds like you have a very vivid memory
of these scenes you don't know these
things are hard but they need to be
emphasized because there are parents
their grandparents themselves right now
who are going to have to live with what
I live and they're not going to get over
it do you remember what the first few
days were like after the shooting for
you i sat in a room waiting for a
funeral and I'm gonna tell you right now
those folks those precious people down
there and southern Springs are being set
up for the anger that's coming at
it's part of the darkness that came that
day this church continued on tragedy
struck but it's not permanent it's not
forever we know what's forever in 1980
Steve Cowen was 30 years old sitting in
a middle pew when the gunman came
through the sanctuary doors behind him
he was changed by the attacks too you
know I probably wouldn't be the District
Attorney today if it hadn't been for the
church shooting I probably would remain
in private practice but I felt at the
end of my career that maybe I could give
back to the community something on the
public way in 1980 it was hard to
perceive what happened about stand-up to
sing the final chapter of a hymn among
your friends and someone break in and
holler this is war and opened fire on
the congregation I pray for every one of
those remaining victims that is it also
a little discouraging to think it's been
37 years and here we are right back here
again it's very discouraging but it's
hard to be hopeful that this church
shooting is going to be different than
Newtown
all the way back to Dangerfield the NRA
and the gun lobby are particularly
strong opponents it's only after things
like this that people are even allowed
to talk about and then they're
criticized for being too soon
today the room where the shootings took
place is a fellowship hall used for
community events and there's a brand new
sanctuary built with donated funds in
the years after the attack these books
are letters from different churches
different individuals words of
encouragement and just starting a couple
days after maybe this is go as June 27
is five days later you know and they
kept every one of them the new pastor
Danny Broughton has been getting a crash
course in the church's history so so why
not we chanting you encouraged our
church to do the same to send letters to
Southern Springs did Sutherland Springs
you think it ripped open some wounds
here again yes every time it's brought
up every time it's discussed it's done
yeah it really they relive it again
grieving is hard to put a time limit on
yes it's gonna be hard yes it's gonna be
lonely and yes it's kind of anger you
but I am here to tell you that you're
not gonna get over it but you are gonna
get through it
did you did you get a weapon after the
church incident oh yes you've got one
because of that yes really do you carry
it yes it's a beast it's a 45 and you
carry that because of what happened at
the church yes how come I made myself a
promise after I buried my daughter I put
my hand on her lifeless body and I said
to her daddy's gonna make everything
right
I've been asked many many times would I
have killed alkene I would take this 45
put it in the middle of his eyes and
pull the trigger I don't think I feel
that way today but would I exact justice
on him in a heartbeat
you
