get chin all right I'll let you know we
do
it's slot number one a history-making
line 20900 TTP I am in net merit it's
never been sold before Wow here we go no
we ought to be somewhere around 200,000
to go up the hill in a private suite
overlooking the largest football stadium
in the country dairy farmers are
casually dropping tens of thousands of
dollars on cows they've only seen in a
brochure think about it I don't think
but I'm asking a hundred and fifty five
thousand for a quarter of a million
dollar heifer
155 we'll get GM these are some of the
most genetically elite cows in the
country they have perfect utters
pristine lineages and really high
genetic scores almost half of the cows
for sale today were raised by the
auctions host Jerry Jorgenson a 29 year
old farmer from Michigan thirty two
hundred and thirty five thousand what
kind of cigars these 135 two hundred and
thirty thousand dollars hey girls
nothing about fourth-generation farmer
Jerry screams I raised super cows but
he's basically been breeding genetically
elite cows since he was a teenager back
then it was just a side hustle on his
father's farm now he handles the
family's entire breeding program but
these are these are healthy-looking cows
to you yeah so yeah just the ones that
are up and alert and ears up how much
have you grown the business the genetic
program has went from having three to
five calves born a year to a thousand do
you know roughly how much on average you
would like to get per cow or how it
works at the average animal sold for
$20,000 one of the reasons I don't like
to talk numbers because people don't
understand the inputs you're not turning
a huge profit on it
even if you're selling it for $20,000 or
more when an animal's sold for a large
dollar amount it's not all profit if you
can make a profit just like that
everybody would be doing it selective
breeding used to be much more romantic
farmers would put two of their favorite
cows and a pen together and hope for the
best
today thanks to advances in DNA testing
breeding cows is more like drafting
fantasy football players with a few
hairs in about 50 bucks you can get
something called a genomic Codel
Performance Index or gtp I number for
each cow which includes all kinds of
crucial stats like how much milk it'll
produce how much fat will be in that
milk and how long and fertile its life
will be get a high score and you could
make the Holstein associations list of
this month's top new dairy cows so every
animal here has the genomic profile any
cow here I can look her up and say okay
here's what she has here's the
likelihood of her being able to make an
elite animal how many cows are there on
the farm and how many of them are elite
animals or what you would consider at
least right now we're milking 300 cows
and there's five milking that we
consider elite or the pool of elite
donors that we would take embryos from
cherries being modest there are no duds
on his farm he says his entire herd
ranks in the top 3% of calves in the
country but his female cows are divided
into two groups the super elite whose
eggs are used for fertilization and the
regularly whose bodies are used to carry
the fertilized embryos it's like a
bovine spin-off of The Handmaid's Tale
to maximize the chances of birthing more
super elite cows Gerry follows a precise
system the ones he already has are given
hormone so they release more eggs then
artificially inseminated using super
elite semen bought from top bull sperm
banks when embryos form they're flushed
out
inspected under a microscope and then
implanted in two different cows top
dairy farmers used to be able to get
maybe one calf from their best cow each
year Gerry can get ten calves from each
of his best cows every month it's a
little like speeding up cow evolution
every 30 days which sounds weird but is
actually something that dairy industry
has been doing for decades
just more gradually if you look at just
simple how much milk can an average cow
produce over time that line is just a
straight upward sloping line since about
World War two Andrew Novakovich is an
agricultural economist at Cornell who's
been studying the dairy industry since
the 1970s even though the US has fewer
cows than it did back then the country
still produces a lot more milk it's a
huge difference it's it's enormous
we didn't prove feeding we've improved
healthcare we've improved comfort of the
animal and our stall in the barn walking
around in the pastures but the keys the
genetic potential of the animal are
there any negative aspects to
selectively breeding a species like like
cows well you know different people of
course will evaluate that based on their
own sense of values of what's right or
wrong
but I would say other than the fact that
you're not having a bull physically
mating with a cow everything else about
this is pretty natural you can ask
yourself the question do I want to
produce 200 billion pounds of milk with
10 million cows or 20 million cows and
which is going to have the larger
environmental impact and it's pretty
obvious that these increases in
productivity I would say are highly
favorable towards sustainability goals
Jerry doesn't spend a lot of his time
thinking about the environmental impact
of today's dairy industry he barely has
time to check how he did when the new
cow scores come in each week here's how
this is a how fast oh look at him okay
no no nope nope where do you see this
scores
so this is where dpi right here 26:17
good that's not good well it's still be
like 98 99 percentile that's four it
won't be a future donor like this one is
a recipient she'll carry a number a
hundred percent it's not like a secret
recipe I mean I'm picking traits that
everybody else can see
mating them two other traits that are
also readily available for everybody and
then breeding them to where I think I
can create a genetically superior cow do
you consider yourself a dairy farmer yes
I mean I still do a lot of what I
consider dairy farming whether it's
feeding cows are working with animals
have you ever considered adding like and
scientist at the end of of your title I
haven't but I'd be pretty interested
you
