that song made me realize what a huge
dick I am
I like it it's big production but it's
not over smashed and where you can hear
too much compression or too much
auto-tune and obviously Jennifer Hudson
doesn't need any auto-tune anyway you
can hear her that's the part that'll
actually kind of stab you with your
little feelings knife so it's really
nice to hear her using her physical
machine to make the sounds that she then
forces out like a laser because she's a
badass
it's dramatic and makes you set up a
scene in your mind I love that it's kind
of serious piano but then Oh kind of
Hollywood horror movie it's a darker
punctuation
they're obviously thinking more of it as
like a soundscape in the headphones
there's the vocals mostly in here and
then right about here there's like a car
door alarm that kind of becomes the lead
vocal the vocals are kind of like the
caramel the car door is like the lead
vocal but a little bit of salt on the
caramel up there around the chocolate
it's great
somebody was actually playing a tender
cowbell that's one of those songs like
you hear a few times and then you have a
crappy day and you're leaving the
Walgreens and it's on and you're like
maybe I have to cry in my car I'm not
sure
you
