tonight the Trump base gets another
scalp the last row hanga fighters and
the aftermath of California's methane
disaster I am relieved because there is
gas leak
the DC Circuit Court of Appeals ruled
late today that an undocumented 17 year
old in federal custody can have an
abortion despite the objections of the
Trump administration in a highly unusual
move the panel of nine judges made the
decision without hearing oral arguments
and without even revealing they had
agreed to hear the case the 6 to 3 vote
effectively allows the team to file new
paperwork to get the procedure
identified in court as Jane Doe she's
being held in a shelter in Brownsville
Texas and the Department of Health and
Human Services has been actively
blocking her attempts to end the
pregnancy for nearly four weeks
she's now 15 and a half weeks pregnant
and Texas law forbids abortions after 20
weeks after a unanimous vote China's
Communist Party wrote President Xi
Jinping's name and ideas into its
constitution elevating him to the same
status as Mao Zedong the leader of
China's communist revolution the change
tightens she's grip on the country even
further and it gives him a stronger
mandate to pursue his priorities like
expanding the military and strengthening
China's influence on the world stage a
member of British Parliament wants to
know if Russians used Facebook to
influence the 2016 brexit referendum and
this year's general election the MP who
leads a committee that's investigating
fake news released a letter today that
was addressed to Mark Zuckerberg on
October 19th
it asks for information about ods
purchased by Russia linked accounts and
likens the request to what the company
has already handed over to the US Senate
Intelligence Committee a Facebook
spokeswoman told Bloomberg that the
company is reviewing the request to
women accused of killing North Korean
leader Kim Jong Un's half-brother
were brought today to the scene of the
alleged attack at a Malaysian Airport
police pushed the women in wheelchairs
at one point during the three-hour visit
it was part of their ongoing murder
trial and meant to paint a picture for
the court of the February incident when
prosecutors say the suspect smeared Kim
jong-nam face
with the toxic nerve agent the women who
are from Indonesia and Vietnam have
pleaded not guilty and said they thought
they were participating in a prank TV
show
Tuesday began the way a lot of days do
in the Trump era with a food fight
between President Trump and his critics
senator bob Corker brushed off the White
House on CNN
the president has great difficulty with
the truth and Trump spent the next hour
and a half shredding corker on Twitter
calling him a laughingstock and short
and a lightweight and a coward but as
the day went on things got a lot more
serious at three o'clock this afternoon
Senator Jeff Flake a strong Republican
anti Trump voice announced he won't be
running for re-election and he did it in
a way they got the resist crowd really
really excited by bashing Trump hard
reckless outrageous and undignified
behavior has become excused and
countenanced as telling it like it is
when it is actually just reckless
outrageous and dignified and undignified
and when such behavior emanates from the
top of our government it is something
else it is dangerous to a democracy I'm
announcing today that my service in the
Senate will conclude at the end of my
term in early January 2019 and with that
flake joins bob Corker and a fellow
Arizona and John McCain and a small but
growing cadre of senators who now feel
free to speak truth to President Trump
without political consequence and no one
is happier about that then Donald Trump
to a certain kind of liberal idealist
jet flakes retiring is the ultimate
obi-wan move
you know strike me down and I'll become
more powerful than you can possibly
imagine
that's not what's happening if I could
run the kind of race I'd like to run and
believe I could win a Republican primary
I might go forward but but it's it's
it's there's a very narrow path now as a
Republican I'm a traditional Republican
Steve Bannon and Trump's base have been
trying to deny flake another Senate term
for months now
and today they did it they already
pushed corker out in Tennessee and they
want to Luther strange out of the
Alabama Senate race and four weeks ago
they got that to Bannon has set his
sights on Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell and among a certain kind of
Republican made his name as toxic as
Nancy Pelosi's look bear real
consequences of this kind of political
arson McConnell still controls what the
Senate does and flake and corker still
have more than a year in their seats to
make life really hard for Trump's agenda
in the Senate oh and by the way
Democrats may actually have a shot at
picking up Jeff Flake seat now that he's
no longer running for it so a
traditional political strategist would
not be advising pushing guys like this
out but Bannon and Trump are not
traditional political strategists they
don't care about the long-term picture
all they care about is loyalty to the
cause the kind of short term win that
makes a strong political point and today
they got a big one
yesterday the State Department said it
may cut off aid to the government of
Myanmar and target individuals
associated with recent atrocities
against the country's ruhango muslim
minority that slaughter was Myanmar's
ruthless responds to an uprising by the
Arakawa hanga Salvation Army or arson
the rahaga
are heavily persecuted in the Buddhist
majority nation and after decades of
marginalization conditions were ripe for
an armed resistance like Arzo to rise
Myanmar's government forbids access to
recline state where the group operates
making it difficult to get information
about the insurgents but now members of
our Sahu have been driven to refugee
camps in Bangladesh are revealing who
they are and what they're fighting for
our pharmacist of the solutions of
honesty
Sarah Farah de Medici
da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da olive O'Leary
era 2001 he in the LA because our Jesus
said of the insurgency gained attention
after their first attack last October
which killed nine border guards and
provoked a brutal backlash from
Myanmar's powerful military in the
months that followed hundreds more
ohanga
joined the insurgency early on August
25th
they struck again hitting 30 police
stations in an army base this time
leaving 12 officers dead these attacks
were met with even greater force a
bloody military campaign against row
hanger villages that sparked the current
refugee Exodus whatever soon was a
thousand kilometres doesn't go to
normally
indle ammonia when modulating doesn't do
job Yarbrough bar doesn't for a major
consumers toggle with the an emoji
Silesian manage a single vote relatively
harmony
Arzo is liked by attaullah Aroha
expat born in Pakistan and raised in
Saudi Arabia analysts say it's funding
and weapons come from Bangladesh in the
Persian Gulf and that Arsuf iiters are
trained by commanders who fought in
Afghanistan and Pakistan
the government declares the era can go
hinge a Salvation Army as a terrorist
group under international scrutiny for
its treatment of the rahaga Myanmar's
government justified its actions by
designating our saw a terrorist group a
charge arsal leaders deny our saw has
drawn attention from Islamic militants
Isis al-qaeda and groups from Chechnya
have all expressed support for the group
and some security experts think the
rangas turned towards violence could
destabilize the region by attracting
foreign fighters but the members we
spoke to described a force of much more
limited capabilities are attending over
officially I fear over a a Sunni now
with its members scattered the
insurgency faces an uncertain future a
boggy noragami' sub Sarah the mannequin
is an enormous ovation dunya is an
enable to Leonardo you're a society kid
to us
two years ago this week workers at the
Aliso Canyon gas storage facility in Los
Angeles reported that a well had
ruptured by the time the facility's
owner SoCal gas finally succeeded in
plugging it the well had released a
hundred thousand metric tons of methane
and other toxic chemicals it was the
worst gas blowout in US history public
health agencies ordered SoCal gas to
relocate 8,000 people after hundreds
complained of symptoms including nausea
dizziness and bloody noses but once they
returned home for good
many residents continue to fall ill even
though the cause of the rupture remains
unknown state regulators declared the
site safe and allowed the facility to
reopen this past July amid protests from
the community and elected officials
experts continue to disagree about an
important point how likely it is that
there's a link between long term health
problems and the blowout but for local
residents the connection seems clear
so we're passing the entryway to one of
the neighborhoods where I know several
people have been very very ill it's kind
of an upscale San Fernando Valley
neighborhood we represent about eight
thousand five hundred thirty-five people
impacted by the blowout we have multiple
people with similar cancers and we're
trying to understand why despite the
fact that this was probably the largest
natural gas blowout in history there is
no public agency leading the charge in
doing a Health Study we're against one
of the largest industries that controls
pretty much the planet oil and gas and
what that means is how do we figure out
how to slay the giant with a pebble we
are going to see one of my clients Illya
has a rare form of cancer leukemia
called AML we are concerned that
aleeah's cancer could be related to the
blowout exposures and the chemicals I am
because there's a gas leak I'm going to
take this stickers with me to my new
house she's in remission we feel
thankful but we realized there's a
possible link with her specific type of
cancer to some of the toxins we were
exposed to and we decided we couldn't
stay it was a hard decision because this
was our dream house she has a 40 percent
chance to relapse and if she relapses
here I'm always gonna feel like it's
because we brought her back here it's
important to realize that these types of
exposures of communities living close to
these industrial operations pose hazards
and risks that really are not very well
understood I do think that people will
experience health symptoms in the future
whether or not they're actually related
to the well exposure or not probably can
never be conclusively proven but without
a study
really looks at this then those answers
will be very unanswerable after a
lengthy legal battle SoCalGas agreed to
find a 1 million dollar health study on
the effects of the blowout that study
hasn't started yet a panel of experts
and county officials estimate that
conducting a comprehensive study would
actually require up to 40 million
dollars if we had a list of chemicals
that we knew of that were being blown
into the air and then rained on people's
houses we wouldn't have to go back and
play forensics the people continually
asked me can we test for toxins test for
toxins so I finally implemented the
toxin testing components at the time of
the blowout doctor nordella was a family
practitioner at an urgent care clinic in
Porter Ranch he initiated his own survey
to understand the health effects of the
blowout so I hope the study will just be
revealing enough for then the proper
agency to pick up the ball and run with
it and do the appropriate study
and having reviewed dr. Noor Della's
work I'm left with far too many
questions
deeply concerning questions this is
significant there's one thing that stood
out on everybody was this chemical we'll
just call it PG o dr. Nord Ella's
results from 106 patients showed
significantly elevated levels of a
byproduct of ethyl benzene and styrene
chemicals linked to causing cancer these
levels were on average twice as high as
what's usually seen in California my
opinion otherwise it's scientifically
irresponsible to ignore the facts and
allow the continued operation of Aliso
Canyon gas
I am very impatient that it's taking so
long for this health study to get done
because many people with strong health
problems are making connections of those
health problems with the threats at
Aliso Canyon and until the Health Study
was completed we really can't answer
those questions SoCal gas did not reply
to multiple requests for an interview
but emailed stating that officials say
there is no long-term risk to public
health or safety from the gas leak state
and local regulators have said that they
don't believe there are long-term health
effects but they also state that a more
comprehensive study is needed I'm scared
frankly I think the case for shutting
this thing down is more compelling than
ever the effects of this is so
staggering there are no words
today Democratic Senator Ron Wyden and
Republican Senator Rand Paul introduced
a bill to rein in one of the most
expansive surveillance tools an American
spy craft section 702 of the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act or FISA
enables the National Security Agency to
eavesdrop on conversations between
foreign nationals but it also lets them
tap into conversations with Americans
without a warrant section 702 is set to
expire on December 31st and will almost
certainly be reading Paul and Wyden have
only 68 days to protect US citizens from
mass surveillance last month the NSA
said it's currently using this law to
surveil more than a hundred thousand
foreigners it does this by plugging into
the infrastructure of the Internet
operated by companies like AT&T in
searching through large swathes of data
it also requires the big internet
companies like Apple Google and Facebook
to turn over data on porn targets the
NSA has identified but privacy hawks
like Senator Ron Wyden say section 702
can be used to spy on Americans inside
the country Carini a kind of backdoor to
the Fourth Amendment's protections
against unlawful searches this happens
in two ways first by essentially using a
foreign target as an excuse to spy on
the American they communicate with and
second to sweep up any American who even
mentions a foreign target so if you
email your best friend in Germany the
NSA could target them to collect your
messages or if you email your other best
friend in America and simply mention
your friend in Germany the same rule
applies what we're concerned about is
somebody just being mentioned it's
really called abouts collection because
somebody just is referred to it is a
very serious privacy invasion whatever
the NSA gets from your communications
can be given to agencies like the FBI
without a warrant and it's impossible to
know how much data the NSA is collected
on Americans
because the agency won't reveal how
often they've used it to do so this
practice of employing 702 to collect
data then using it to prosecute
individuals without due process is
exactly what widens proposal hopes to
stop if we don't write it into the law
if we don't embed it into the law at the
first opportunity this administration
will unravel it the Trump administration
is likely to oppose the white envelope
but it is pushing for one small change
while the windowsill open and that's to
enact 702 permanently removing the
built-in requirement that Congress
reauthorized the law every four years
this means that the next time we find
out more information about the
government's data collection programs or
the next time there's an informant or a
leak it would be that much harder for
Congress to make changes to the law that
was fun
now I forgot where I was well that's
sounding full is that nickelback
how are you picking these songs
that's cool coal production futuristic
R&B it gives the illusion of slowing
down but it's actually just the same
tempo I wonder if it's this same singer
did a bunch of vocal takes and acted up
processed it or if it's some old sample
sometimes when I hear this R&B sound
it's not my thing but uh this was a lot
less of that whoa we LOI what we kind of
think just sonically neat its division
watch out for that
interesting rhythm track I mean it has
elements of like this organic acoustic
II kind of thing but then it's like all
kinds of electronic loopy types yeah I
was ready for the like natural drums to
where where the percussive element came
in I thought it was going to be more
cliched and it surprised me with the
sound it used almost like a less
commercial Coldplay the only thing is I
can't remember one word that was said
I am coffee you can't afford it they
can't love is keeping school you're
sleeping
couch I think it sounds like that Selena
Gomez song with kygo I was listening to
the lyrics on this one okay yeah it
seemed very crafted in the lyrical sense
every line had to make you think back
and that's an interesting thing
sometimes though you don't want to think
that much I mean I'm from Tennessee and
I'm not isn't enthralled by southern
accents as people seem to be it's not as
offensive as a lot of modern country
it's cool that's good
I must be from England reminds me the
cure a little yeah awesome guitar stuff
actually I think our next records
wouldn't sound like that it's great who
is it cuz I gotta get that knocked out
of our skin you have to see that written
out and write it down I'm nervous to see
this are you know okay good that's vice
news tonight for Tuesday October 24th
you
