in the wake of Wednesday's short-lived
victory Jane Doe is accompanied by
officials from a federally contracted
Texas shelter to and from a clinic where
she got counseling and a sonogram in
Texas women have to meet with doctors 24
hours before they go through with an
abortion procedure Jane Doe has known
that she wanted abortions since early
September and she got the private funds
to get it because she's a minor she also
needed parental or Court consent and she
got that too on September 25th a state
judge gave Jane Doe a bypass to go
forward but then over the past several
weeks the officials at her shelter will
not release her to her appointments and
instead they've had her under one-on-one
surveillance and have taken her to
pro-life counseling I spent the day with
Rachelle garza jane doe's attorney and
guardian what effect is the
back-and-forth on all this having on
Jane I think the back and forth on this
is affecting her she is so sure of
herself that she's not going to let
anything change her mind so the Trump
administration can try whatever they
want they could keep throwing a curve
balls at her but she is not she's not
going to give up
why does jane doe's case matter jane
doe's case matters for many reasons one
including for her herself she's made
this decision that she doesn't want a
child she's a child herself she cannot
she cannot have a child to raise a child
she's in detention
this also implicates the immigrant
immigrants are not people and that's
that can't be the case that can't be
true the other implication is that the
federal government can force women to
have a child against their will and that
that can't be true that can't be the
outcome that we see tomorrow at 10:00
a.m. in DC there will be a hearing that
will essentially decide whether Jane Doe
can get her abortion on Friday the thing
is every day matters for Jane Doe
so as the court debates whether she can
go to this appointment or that
appointment she gets further along in a
pregnancy she does not want and
the number of doctors in red state Texas
we're going to be willing to do the
procedure shrinks
you
