this is the method to robot it's over 13
feet tall and weighs 1.6 tons per day he
was actually a genetic done
I trust you if this robot looks like
something you saw in a movie it's
probably because you have chairman yang
Jin ho and his team collaborating for
the Hollywood designed to make the
method - he spent two hundred million
dollars of his own money on the project
what are the applications for the robot
debate or China hands-on uh South Korea
currently uses weaponized robots to
patrol the DMZ will the method to serve
a role in a place like the DMZ somebody
kind of every time young harem that you
define each other over there what recipe
we're done because who you the so you
guys Cristobal the way I am engineers
Kosovo or Osaka a custom 20 by Georgia
robots have already replaced humans and
disaster sites including the cleanup at
the Fukushima nuclear site though they
can't do everything
radiation levels were a hundred times
higher than what a human could withstand
and the robots failed five times sooner
than expected
the King got on you oh I made it to
interact on cookie and game don't wash
giving up
the robot is designed to mimic hand in
our movements it's suspended by two
metal cables in the ceiling to keep it
balanced the biggest concern is when it
comes to artificial intelligence what is
the future for the the method series of
robots so to get our base of the city we
are horrible soon shots with satti Babu
no new song in the Sangeeta southpaw
hey I got baggage Body Gel gotta go
clean swing girl who are negotiating
with geopolitical Europe while the
Chairman envisions a serious role for
the method like robots it may end up
being something people buy for fun
who is gonna buy the method to robot
where the buyers a sashimi is
entertainment to pass away which is
awesome I think I just broke it
oh no problem
you
you
