I go to college campuses pretty much if
anybody asks me to at this point I'm
especially eager to accept them because
I don't want people like me to back off
from going to universities because of
protests people who are faculty members
in campuses say there has been a change
in students over the last decade they're
much more ready to be offended ready to
be upset ready to be triggered than they
were before what what are the things
that that you're saying that people get
offended by because I had a chapter in a
book I should rephrase that they've
never read this book so you'd feel like
most of the people who are protesting
you have never read a paragraph of your
work I think that's probably true as
Charles Marin has shown up to more and
more campuses activists have begun to
disagree on how to protest his presence
some believe that he should be able to
speak and be refuted in public but a
growing number have been using a tactic
called no platform and where the speaker
is shouted down in driven offstage we
have to kind of decide where we are
gonna stand on it because shutting down
speakers like him has already resulted
in lawmakers trying to defund
universities and universities drafting
new policies to expel students if they
do it Maximilian Alvarez is a graduate
student in comparative literature and
one of the cofounders of the Ann Arbor
chapter of the campus anti-fascist
Network mostly made up of professors and
graduate students why is so much of the
focus on this one scholar here at the
University of Michigan on October 3rd at
a residence hall Flyers were put up
saying among other things make America
white again
a put side-by-side the notoriously low
black admissions rates at the University
of Michigan alongside the comparative IQ
rates that Marie uses in his book to
differentiate whites and blacks and
under those lines there were there was
the message that the system isn't racist
but nature is what's a plan for tomorrow
so the plan for tomorrow is to provide
an informational protest to draw
people's attention in the center of
campus to the serious flaws in Murray's
scholarship and then we will also kind
of rally people to head over to the talk
and hear what he has to say we're gonna
shut down the white supremacist charles
murray there right not everyone on
campus believes Murray should have the
right to speak Keesha wall is a junior
at Michigan and co-organizer a stop
trump in Arbor an anti racism and
immigrant rights organization when I say
that fascists should not be given a
platform I don't mean that figuratively
I mean that completely literally fascist
theorists should not be given a platform
fascist ideologies should not be given a
platform now for our introduction dr.
Charles Mary
you can ask questions you can make
statements about things I have actually
said and asked me to defend them or we
can talk about any issues you want to
regarding free speech as you said when I
go and when I go and work against other
phd's people who have worked just as
hard as me that on average I'm going to
be worse the worst the worst possible
outcome you can have if you're shutdown
tonight the students come and shout you
down like what's your response gonna be
I will show up at the next campus that
has invited me and I'll try to do the
same thing again it's really important
don't let the bastards keep you from
doing something that is not only okay
but laudable
you
