tonight Barbuda cleans to existence
scott pruett kills clean power and
you're not really supposed to ship
you're in
wildfires tearing through Northern
California have killed at least 15
people so far in what is already one of
the deadliest fire events in the state's
history dozens of residents are reported
missing more than 1500 homes and
businesses have been destroyed and
20,000 people have been evacuated from
eight counties across the northern part
of the state seen the before and after
aerial views is is devastating it's just
heart-wrenching in a surprise
announcement Kenyan opposition leader
Ryle Odinga said he won't take part in
the redo of the country's presidential
election after the Supreme Court
nullified the original results Odinga
continued his calls for protests and
said the Election Commission hasn't
fixed problems from the August vote
president Uhuru Kenyatta who won that
election said the new vote would still
take place
Kenyatta is likely to remain in office
if no one runs against him a district
court in Fukushima says the Japanese
government and Tokyo Electric Power
Company were negligent in failing to
prevent the 2011 nuclear meltdowns the
ruling came in the biggest class-action
lawsuit related to the disaster and the
government has now been found liable for
the second time the court ordered the
government and the operator of the plant
to pay around 4.4 million dollars in
damages to almost 3,000 people that's
just 3 percent of what the plaintiffs
had requested
13 women say Harvey Weinstein's sexually
harassed or assaulted them between the
1990s and 2015 according to a 10-month
investigation by the New Yorker the
allegations go much further than the
litany of sexual harassment accusations
and settlements first reported by the
New York Times last week three of the
women in the latest story say Weinstein
raped them among the actresses who came
out today work with Pancho and Angelina
Jolie who both told the New York Times
that Weinstein made unwanted advances in
a statement Weinstein spokeswoman said
that he unequivocally denies quote any
allegations of non-consensual sex NFL
Commissioner Roger Goodell says the
league needs to move past the
controversy over players protesting
during the national anthem in a memo
sent to all 32 teams he told them quote
like many of our fans we believe that
everyone should stand for the national
anthem
Goodell didn't say players would be
required to stand but he seems to imply
that would be the outcome of next week's
owners meeting
the entire country has been decimated we
may have to evacuate people from Barbuda
but in the meantime we will be sending
over top polling and different supplies
to at least keep an interim we will
review the situation and will make a
decision two things happened the day
after Prime Minister Gaston Brown
addressed the people of Barbuda nearly
every one of the almost 2000 Barbuda
pnes were forced to evacuate and much of
the rest of the world learned that
Barbuda exists the less developed less
glamorous sibling of Antigua Barbuda was
completely leveled by Hurricane Herman
for the first time in 300 years it was
left uninhabited a week later in New
York City Prime Minister Brown asked the
United Nations to help Barbie to prepare
for a future in which hurricanes like
Emma were more frequent all 14 Caribbean
community countries together produce
less than 0.1 percent of global
emissions that's right less than 0.1% we
are the least of the polluters but the
largest of the casualties
then Prime Minister Brown held a town
hall in the Bronx with expats
to discuss the recovery but they only
wanted to talk about one thing
land policy
unlike Antica Barbuda has quirky rules
about land ownership that date back to
the end of slavery the laws which are
unofficial and unwritten stipulate that
all Barbuda and lamb is communally owned
and to be shared by all living Barbuda
pnes including those living in the Bronx
and elsewhere in the world over the
years Antigua has become an
international destination for tourism
and foreign investment Barbuda meanwhile
has remained largely untouched because
that's how most Barbuda pnes wanted it
but Prime Minister Brown says it's
impossible to rebuild without some form
of privatization I'm saying right now
I'm not running no giant wealthy island
over there can't continue that every my
year we have to find 30 million dollars
and over there to pay them and they
generate no income that is not accepted
not a property taxes they pay nothing
we're saying to them you cannot go
forward in the 21st century with that
type of archaic system so I've set it
about billions we got to give you a
title so that you can borrow it to
repair your homes you cannot expect to
place all of the burden on the
government you cannot expect a stable
cap in hand to the international
community to beg money to rebuild your
homes you must carry powdered bread do
you've a sense of how much money you
will need to rebuild Barbuda not just to
make as it was but to rebuild in the way
that it will need to be in order to
withstand future storms
well the estimate has been in excess of
200 million I can only go based in what
the officials would have said how much
have you managed to raise so far or just
over 30 clearly 20 million dollars just
beyond the means of our country you just
don't have the capacity to raise 200
million dollars even if you were to
borrow it to not be able to repay so we
even have limited borrowing capacity
without proper funding from the
international community or wealthy
foreign investors the rebuilding effort
has been going slowly instead of hiring
an experienced cleanup crew Barbuda has
been relying on a few dozen local
workers who travel three hours each day
to get to and from the island we are
separated in groups so this group on
this side that's what I'm basically
doing right now with removing all the
carbon ash with material put them aside
then the vehicle will come on the battle
to become Andy pick him up great Charles
is live on Barbuda for almost 30 years
he's in charge of one of the cleanup
teams what about the front yards we are
not good in to anybody property okay so
not even in the front yards that's why
you see stuff in the front yard right by
the street what's on the street we
responsible
this is still just the cleanup phase the
first step in what's going to be a
daunting recovery process
it's what rebuilding looks like when a
country doesn't have enough money
cawww is king a civil engineer with the
Ministry of Works and housing has been
helping survey the damage from my
initial assessment it looks as if
probably you would say about close to 65
percent of the structures would
definitely have to be rebuilt like
gutted completely redone yeah completely
and it could be even higher how long do
you think it could take the wealth years
years years to actually get back power
lines are down you're looking at what
lines have been ruptured you're looking
at the agriculture sector being
completely decimated that's like
starting afresh
today EPA Administrator Scott Pruett
issued his official proposal to kill the
clean power plant the Obama
administration's flagship climate policy
the clean power plan would have slashed
greenhouse gas emissions and air
pollution from power plants but never
even got started it was held up in court
for years then got frozen after Pruett
took over the EPA Pruitt's proposal
could itself be tied up in litigation
for months or even years to come but the
odds of the CPP ever being implemented
are approaching zero here's what that
means by 2020
researchers estimate that without the
climate policy there will be 3,500 more
premature deaths and 150,000 more asthma
attacks in children each year with air
pollution related illnesses adding up to
93 billion dollars in annual health
costs by 2030 coal-fired power plants
are projected to release over 400
million tons more carbon into the
atmosphere every year or as much as 65%
of all cars in the US than they would
have under the clean power plan
announcing the cancellation of the plan
in Kentucky Pruitt said regulatory
bodies should not pick winners and
losers but that's effectively what he's
doing
states like New York and California
which have their own emission standards
will hardly be affected but residents
and states with no plans to tackle coal
plant emissions like Kentucky just lost
their protection against those
pollutants today the president of
Catalonia was expected to defy Madrid
and send shockwaves through Europe by
declaring the region's independence from
Spain he didn't quite do that
Hamish guru poonam carlomon suspend
Geass effectors independencia peppiness
awareness premium India wok since a
possible solution without an immediate
declaration of independence would have
plunged Spain into a full-blown
constitutional crisis and it remains on
the brink of one and for the hundreds of
thousands of Catalan who are determined
to leave Spain today was a bitter
disappointment but far from the end the
build-up to the Catalan leaders
statement brought thousands of
independent supporters onto the streets
of Barcelona once again but this would
not be the day they broke away from
Spain he would respect what the people
have Spain has been thrust into his
deepest crisis in the generation
after prime minister mariano bajos
government sensing riot police to
prevent an illegal referendum in
Catalonia sin defendants 900 people were
injured but the cause for independence
are not and challenged the most recent
polling shows that Catalan to split on
independence about 41 percent in favor
and 49 percent against unionists who
were previously known as the silent
majority over the weekend in to the
police in kissing a proton decay still
gobierno de Spanish oh what those
tourists exactly to this bjorlin
aggressive ask this pro-palestine knows
in the respect for a guy running with
awkward though I can have say ideologue
on a block catalonia is an economic
powerhouse making up 20% of Spain's
economy the threat of a breakaway is
making businesses nervous several
companies have already announced plans
to move their headquarters from
Catalonia into other parts of Spain due
to concerns but the economic fallout of
a split gamma bell an economist and
pro-independence member of the Catalan
government is determined to see this
wealthy region break free whatever the
cost
because there are so many unknowns what
if it goes wrong how we deal with
uncertainty is what may we more or less
fit for 21st century so if I'm not
flexible if I don't take risk I'm not
gonna do that the profit outweighs the
risk in this by far friends for one says
it won't recognize an independent
Catalonia Brussels has already warned
that Catalonia would not be part of the
EU which post brexit is now faced with
the internal fracturing of member
countries
Catalonia stock just short of being the
first farmers in western India have gone
on hunger strike as part of a dramatic
protest against government appropriation
of farmland since October 2nd the
birthday of Mahatma Gandhi the farmers
have been burying themselves up to their
necks today after going without food for
four days they ate but they vowed to
continue fasting after a fourth round of
talks with the government went nowhere
this week the state government of
Rajasthan wants to seize 540 acres of
land for a housing project and has
already bulldoze some of the fields the
government claims it's following the law
and offering compensation protesters say
the land grab will leave thousands of
extended families without a livelihood
so we're against or always can take
movie anything
luckily worried that your I cover me
barometer Dora and calculate merging
your geography
I said I'm the mean anything against me
Danny Gilliam I passed the mini-me cake
uranium how much I mean people are
digging it so good through the mini was
my merit in betting don't be a tea Emily
their work out I'll give me a marital
bed that he can't innovate won't take
everybody Phoebe could soon any
container you are gamma-ray are to
Martha for you are you Sarah
yeah yes I'm at it with Dobson colleague
a way a poly guru
I'm Hank you can even get me up a
McCollum tonin gay I'm gonna put the
mechanics could only get arrows a
missive algorithmic I see to me become a
lazy me my lady by yonder my native July
I put up with deviated material Isla
Dubai but for my sms Mathematica
disorder cardigan do you got a member
John leap and bar upon naturally as a
butts a bouquet memory so are sooo sorry
Bobby Tareq a sacred day me Buddha
theory who's guilty he Tara gave Academy
per day or Pusser Cara Marie Sunnah in a
curvy season ago sir cargo for them to
cart a tutu birthday
the mean ending hunger market but with a
demeaning
mine is castle I'm a visual artist but
I'd say the germ of all of my work
usually stems from some kind of live
performance
but for this piece it's more of a
durational performance I've been doing
this particular piece since February
23rd of this year so we're coming up
close to a 200 day mark and that date is
significant because it is the date that
He Who Shall Not Be Named rescinded an
embalmer
era order that allowed trans teenagers
to piss in their bathroom of choice
versus the gender that was assigned to
them at birth I have been feeling about
4 litres a day so close to a gallon so
today is the last day of the collection
which is a real relief because it sucks
to piss in a bucket non-stop 24 hours a
day seven days a week and to carry your
urine around on your back and like on
ice is a bit socially awkward at times
so I'll be glad to have you know topped
off this durational performance yeah as
a trans person it doesn't necessarily
have all the signifiers to pass as as
male because I choose not to take
hormones or have a double mastectomy I
present as a kind of confusion sometimes
in the bathroom sometimes I'll use the
men's room sometimes I'll use the
women's room
honestly wherever the shortest line is
but there's definitely certainly moments
where you feel uncomfortable or super
self-conscious and so I think the fact
of having to kind of hold your piss in
many ways
Piper performs this this feeling that I
think many people let are their gender
non-conforming or outwardly trends feel
on a daily basis
let's go my wife's very reasonably put a
limit on the amount of fridges I could
keep the apartment and so what we're
doing today is going around LA and
picking up all of the urine that I've
stored in my friends houses and then
send them off to New York City to be
turned into a sculpture let's do it yeah
this is like the very the very first
bottle very dark
yeah it's not too bad though loading
your archive so it's on the move it's on
the move on air-conditioned there's like
a possibility of having like a a
disgusting black cube but that's kind of
cool as well yeah yeah Multi Cohen weird
like a cocktail
tricky got it okay I'll get you this to
thank you first for allowing me to or
your fee anytime I appreciate that
perfect fit I don't
you're not really supposed to ship urine
so we have kind of kept it on the DL
it's just like clear liquid with some
vitamins a little bit of protein I'm
feeling anxious and overall yeah I think
once once we assemble everything and it
works how we'll feel good um the urine
has been an unrefrigerated for five days
and so that's a big part of my anxiety
today is to whether it's managed to
maintain stable enough for it to
function in the way that I've envisioned
for the sculpture the first order of
business is assembling this some the
internal component of the pedestal
essentially what it is it's a hacked
refrigerator that will allow the urine
to run through this filtration system
from the glass cube and keep it a
certain temperature to allow for its
preservation today we are going to empty
the 200 gallons of urine into this
custom tank so
just like all right
every day I want it to grow golden
nice
on some level this is a way of asking
the question whose lives are deemed
worthy and whose our disposable whose
deep flush there is this completely sort
of wildcard aspect of the piece has
never been preserved for this long as
far as I know ever and so doing working
with a biochemist proteins can unravel
bacteria can grow it's been really crazy
and a lot crazier than I had anticipated
and so to see this tank finally manifest
is a tremendous relief the audio that I
used this for channel surround sound of
all the different testimonies from the
ACLU versus the Virginia School Board
leads on the testimony of Gavin Graham
Raiders it is about fear of a body that
people don't understand
hurt me and you this is the first
mistake seeing as I were very simply
impossible
I understand it might be hard for some
of you to pass by all the gear let's put
the center in my dream if there's any
rich collectors out there it would be
for them to purchase this cube and place
it in front of Trump Towers or installed
as a you found in adjacent to the White
House property perhaps what a person
seems to be that the success depends how
you evaluate success I feel like I've
done my personal best if it resonates if
it communicates and if it moves people
that's the real success I guess a human
I'm just a board please consider my
rights when you make a decision thank
you very much that's vice news tonight
for Tuesday October 10th
you
