tonight walking free speech on Facebook
it's my facebook but you're using it in
an official capacity still my facebook i
is on the wall and the intense silence
of colin kaepernick
Japan's Nuclear Regulatory Authority has
approved the operators of the infamous
Fukushima plant to restart two reactors
at a different facility the triple
meltdown at Fukushima forced the closure
of all of Japan's nuclear reactors the
government says Tokyo Electric Power has
met the strict new safety standards put
in place after the 2011 disaster but the
site they greenlit reportedly sits on
top of 23 fault lines they'll be public
hearings before a final approval can be
issued the Iraqi army says it's
recaptured the town of Hawija one of
Isis's last strongholds in the country
Iraq's Prime Minister called it a
victory for the whole world
the offensive carried out by
american-backed iraki troops is yet
another blow to the Islamic state which
has now been driven out of nearly every
area seized in Iraq in 2014 dozens of
farmers in northwestern India have
buried themselves neck-deep were sitting
in trenches to protest a government plan
to buy up their land the Jaipur
Development Authority is looking to
purchase 540 acres of farmland for a new
housing project but the land owners say
they're not being offered fair
compensation the Development Authority
says most of the protesters aren't
actual farmers but squatters who live on
the land illegally Governor Jerry Brown
signed a bill today officially making
California a sanctuary state his latest
major swipe at the Trump administration
the policy goes into effect in January
and it expands protection for the
roughly 2.3 million undocumented
immigrants living in California by
limiting the state's cooperation with
federal immigration authorities
close to 40,000 people of miss today's
deadline to renew their status under
daca which could make them vulnerable to
deportation in the coming months but the
Department of Homeland Security failed
to individually notify the more than
150,000 eligible recipients about the
deadline and supplied misleading
information about the renewal procedures
at a rally in the Capitol today
Democratic members of Congress pledged
to protect dreamers
President Trump got on Twitter this
morning to share his views on everything
from what he thinks the Senate
Intelligence Committee should be
investigating to key economic indicators
to the employment status of his
Secretary of State but there are certain
people who can't see those tweets from
their own Twitter accounts because Trump
blocked them and now some of those users
are suing the president the legal fight
is part of an emerging debate about how
First Amendment protections apply to
politicians critics on social media and
Trump's not the only one being sued le
rÃªve met with a woman in Arizona who's
suing her congressman in federal court
for blocking her on Facebook this is
where I prepare for my protests that's
what the original block was I had it's
like the most cost-effective version of
a symbolic block and I was delivering
these to his office with any closed the
office down so I started making them
thin enough so that I can put them
through the mail stuff after the 2016
election Jim Morgan started posting
liberal criticism of her Republican
elected representatives including her
Congressman Paul Gosar we were given a
gift of the Constitution under the
framework of God we need to return that
in February she realized he'd blocked
her on his official Facebook page where
he holds online town halls he wouldn't
tell her why so yeah this is
representative go Stars of Prescott
office when letters to Gosar didn't work
she began leaving blocks at his
congressional office a two and a half
hour drive away that's it this is what
we do now because what else can we do
you know it's by appointment only now so
gosar closed his office after
Congressman Steve Scalise was shot by a
homeless man who posted in left-wing
Facebook groups he explained why he
blocks people in a post a few weeks
later so if you genuinely think that
members of Congress should not take your
hostel crass or inappropriate rhetoric
as a threat I challenge you ask mr.
Scalise for his thoughts to use the
Scalise shooting as a justification for
why he blocks his constituents it's
unconscionable it's just and there and
why does that offend it offend you when
we disagree with what he's doing we are
not it is not inciting violence I was
blocked because I was critical of
congressman Gosar repeatedly what's like
the most hostile thing you can think of
that you might have said something to
the effect of this is a perfect example
of the political watery that has
become the Washington status quo it is a
swear word but it's not so intentionally
absurd you know that would be the worst
that I can remember Gosar and Morgan
traded dueling op-eds Morgan said Gosar
betrayed the Constitution ghosts are
called blocked people like her hateful
idiots Gosar is a dentist first elected
to Congress in 2010 so why did you blog
him Morgan on Facebook we wanted to make
sure that you're not intimidating people
you're not using foul language and that
you're not threatening people and why do
you think you have the right to block
them on Facebook it's my facebook but
you're using it in an official capacity
it still my Facebook in your post
explaining why you've blocked people you
reference the attempted murder of Steve
Scalise do you think it's fair to equate
an attempted murder with a rude comment
on Facebook intimidation by any shape or
form from last from what I've seen and
the definition of bullying I think you
know words seem to hurt people these
days violence cannot be tolerated it
sounds like you're blurring the lines
between real threats and being rude
using vulgarity things I wouldn't want
my mom to hear that's not a threat it
does we saw it with Steve Scalise we saw
a gentleman going so far in regards to
not allowing compatibility or even
acknowledging somebody else's thought
process and ideas in an incoherent
aspect and then taking charge in a very
counterproductive way in violence
insightful we see it the same way with
an Tifa you know to instigate the
violence and defame I've got a right you
don't have a right in fairness and
tifa's in the news because of a white
supremacist rally in Charlotte so well
isn't that interesting that maybe that's
was created by the left you know idea
because let's look at the person that
actually started the rally it's come to
our attention that this is a person from
Occupy Wall Street that was an Obama
sympathizer so wait a minute
be careful over what you wear you start
taking these people too and look at the
background George Soros is one of those
people that actually helps him but you
know back these individuals who is he I
think he's from hungry I think he was
Jewish and I think he turned in his own
people to the Nazis we barely care
careful of where where we go with those
do you think George Soros funded the
neo-nazis who marched in Chad would be
interesting to find out these conspiracy
theories about George Soros were
promoted by Alex Jones they're false
Soros was 14 in 1944 he did not fund the
Charlottesville rally
Jason Kessler who organized that rally
says he voted for Obama and attended one
Occupy event but now he warns of white
genocide he said this in a video posted
last year that was later deleted my
great fear is that we will become the
new South Africa and there will be a
white genocide that Gosar buys this
suggests he might benefit from a more
open marketplace of ideas on his
Facebook wall nadine strossen was
president of the aclu for nearly 18
years this facebook page we're looking
at is only about official congressional
business would that count as public or
private property that seems to me to be
an open-and-shut case of of something
that is being used for public purposes
and therefore members of the public may
not
excluded or denied equal access because
of their viewpoints you know if it's a
genuine threat or if it's targeted
harassment or if it's intentional
incitement of imminent violence then and
only then may it be suppressed but never
because of disagreement with the idea or
dislike of the speaker in July a federal
district judge ruled elected officials
could not block people on social media
for being critical the ruling could set
a precedent for other cases including
the seven people suing Trump for
blocking them on Twitter and for Morgan
who filed her a suit in federal court
this same day we spoke with Gosar
meanwhile she's doing everything she can
to get unblocked I want my day in court
I will fight to the end for me and it
will help other people as well it's a
block so you look forward to that fight
in court all I do it's gonna be an
interesting one do you think he will be
victorious good luck
the 535 members of Congress who work and
vote in the US Capitol make up what
textbooks call a bicameral legislature
in real life they make up the world's
largest weather vane and this week they
sensed a sudden change in the wind after
Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas
Republicans who have been dead set
against gun control in any form are now
speaking up to support a ban on bump
stocks even the NRA is calling for
action Congress is very good at looking
like they're doing something in these
situations they go on TV hold press
conferences and introduce bills they
have moments of silence moment of
silence that's what we're seeing in
Washington in the wake of the Las Vegas
massacre some Republicans you'd of
thought would run away from the proposal
to ban bump stocks seem at least willing
to talk about it most of the Republicans
I talked to today hadn't even heard of
bump stocks till Las Vegas and they were
surprised they were legal clearly this
is a technology where you take what's a
legal firearm and essentially make it an
illegal firearm we're all learning at
least most of us are learning something
that we didn't know anything about
before but while this may seem like a
miraculous show of bipartisan
cooperation in the wake of a national
tragedy when you look closely it's not
really doing much here's Carlos corbello
the Florida Republican who's introducing
the bump stock bill in the house is this
the best you guys can do no it's not the
best we can do but I think it's the
first we can do and it's certainly
better than nothing and we've gotten
nothing on this issue for a long time
except a lot of posturing and
polarization is it going to go anywhere
in terms of stopping gun violence or
even helping the issue I think it will
make the situation a little better and
for Congress that's wonderful because
we've been stuck on this issue
for many years where neither side can
come to an agreement where there's no
progress at all if we can come together
now and at least say let's pass this
legislation to be consistent with
current law and hopefully to prevent
future tragedies or to mitigate future
tragedies yes it's a small step we can
take to make things a little better in
our country when it comes to this issue
you heard him right
his bill just makes gun laws consistent
with laws banning automatic weapons that
are already on the books in other words
it doesn't do much and while they're
open to the proposal Republicans aren't
in total agreement on it Adam Kinzinger
a moderate from Illinois told me he
doesn't think there needs to be a law he
echoed the NRA statement which said bump
stocks should be subject to additional
regulations and called for the ATF to
immediately review whether these devices
comply with federal law the ATF can do
it faster and the ATF can make this
force of law basically tomorrow if they
decide to or after a period of review
the other thing is the ATF has the full
scope of all these devices that may
exist on the market whether it's bump
stock or something else that can
simulate the same thing and lastly they
can keep up with the speed of technology
because if somebody creates a device
like this and wants to take it to market
it has to get approval through the ATF
Kinzinger might even be right even about
this small fix and when it comes to real
tough solutions on gun violence many
Republican lawmakers hunt responsibility
altogether I don't think you're going to
stop gun violence by law alone but in
this case you know you take victories
where you can get
as of this week two of the eight
prototypes for president Trump's
proposed border wall have already been
erected in Oh time ASA outside San Diego
construction that began in late
September is now moving at a steady clip
Customs and Border Protection has
established a huge security perimeter
around the prototypes which are not
visible to the public but CBP gave David
Noriega a tour of the otai Mesa site
were one of the largest and most
divisive infrastructure projects in
history is taking shape the construction
of the prototypes that will in theory
compete to become Donald Trump's long
threatened border wall the central
symbol of his rise to power came with
surprisingly little fanfare that may be
because here in San Diego the idea of a
border wall is nothing new this is where
the earliest version of such a barrier
made of sheets of corrugated metal once
used as helicopter landing pads was
installed beginning in the 90s an ever
evolving system of fences cameras and
sensors has stretched east into the
desert ever since for nearly a decade
Jill Holtzman an American photographer
and scholar based in Tijuana has been
meticulously documented the development
of this infrastructure
a little more than two weeks ago as the
government prepared construction on the
prototypes she saw that local and
federal law enforcement had shut down a
big swath of land around the site so
they shut down four square miles to
protect a quarter mile patch of
territory yeah basically yep basically
in spite of the security precautions the
government isn't exactly being secretive
about the prototypes when we asked
Customs and Border Protection for a tour
of the site they agreed a little less
than a week into a planned 30-day
construction period segments of just two
of the prototypes had gone up on one of
them the concrete was textured to look
like it was made of stone until
construction is done most people won't
be able to see the prototypes up close
according to Roy brl acting chief of the
border patrol San Diego sector the
security perimeter was put in place to
keep protesters from getting close to
the site have there been protests so far
thankfully no do you think it was
necessary to secure the area as much as
it has been security and absolutely what
we're looking at from the perspective of
the border wall the constructions that's
taking place the law enforcement
community as a whole was concerned that
there could be protesting and we wanted
to facilitate that if it did occur we
asked Christian dramatis a longtime
immigrant rights activist in San Diego
whether that was going to change anytime
soon are you planning any protests we're
not planning any protests to get some
prototypes our priority is to ensure
that Congress is not fund the border
wall at all for us these prototypes are
political theater so for now anyone on
the San Diego side of the border without
a press pass or a badge will have a hard
time getting a close look at America's
new border wall prototypes they're not
you have to go to Mexico
across the otai Mesa port of entry which
is the second busiest on the border and
into Tijuana where dozens of 18-wheelers
crowd together awaiting entry into the
US and from there to a dusty road lined
with junkyards there a mound of dirt
pressed up against the old border fence
affords a clear view of the construction
site
there was no fake stone texture on this
side only plain concrete in the
environmental impact statements that DHS
makes one of their tasks is to protect
visual resources but they only are
required to protect visual resources for
US citizens
it's that same concept that we can
simply put this wall in place and we can
imagine that Mexico doesn't exist
this weekend NFL players will once again
kneel or lock arms for the national
anthem some fans will boo and some will
burn jerseys the president will probably
fire off some tweets and Colin
Kaepernick the guy who started all this
will say nothing it's been nine months
since Colin Kaepernick made a public
statement about his protest but we
actually know a lot about what he's been
doing in that time we know he lives in
New York with his girlfriend Nessa Diab
we know he's met with Harry Belafonte
Jack Dorsey from Twitter an activist
from Ferguson and black lives matter
what we don't know is how he feels about
what's happened over the past month if
this movement is as big as she wanted to
be then we're gonna need a whole bunch
of people instead of just you take him
one knee sports talk radio host talk
about Kaepernick all day long his mother
and NASA tweet and retweet support and
practically every week a new stories
published that tries to dissect what all
this might mean just last week
Kaepernick's former teammate Erik Reed
published an op-ed in the New York Times
titled
why Colin Kaepernick and I decided to
take a knee so tons of people are now
talking for Kaepernick in good faith and
bad but he still said nothing the
silence has led to a lot of confusion
what started as this there's a lot of
things that need to change once one
specifically is police brutality has
turned into this the linking of arms the
tweets from LeBron James and other
athletes all that's about donald trump
not police brutality it's not about
alton sterling or falando Castile whose
killings seemed to inspire Kaepernick's
initial protests Kaepernick doesn't owe
anyone an explanation but I don't know
if the average American watching
football on Sunday still knows why the
players are kneeling they know what the
president has said they know what their
friends on Facebook think and they know
that this is somehow about choosing
sides but they might not know what the
sides represent
now it's entirely possible that all this
would have happened
even if Kaepernick was yelling into a
bullhorn in Times Square every Sunday
morning but his silence has allowed the
President and ironically enough the
media to fully define what his protest
is about this Monday a divided America
will again argue over whether
Christopher Columbus discovered the new
world or was a genocide Allah
conquistador Charles II man the author
of the best-selling books 1491 and 1493
says the truth is a lot more complicated
a few years ago I went back and I found
my embarrassment my 8th grade US history
textbook and in it was this picture
Columbus comes to America and it showed
a whole bunch of guys standing on this
beach all whom looked basically like
George Washington I was taught in school
that Columbus was a bold Explorer who
overcame the doubts of the skeptics and
when he arrived he was greeted by naked
savages and basically almost all of this
is wrong
when Columbus comes to the Caribbean he
recognizes almost nothing of what he's
seeing he looks at their farms which are
very scraggly by European standards
because they're poly culture really mix
multiple crops on the same plot any
thinks these people don't know what
they're doing when in fact tropical
soils are very poor and the conditions
of heavy rainfall make this kind of
Agriculture far more sustainable than
European agriculture they had what to
the Spaniards look like relatively
simple cultures because they didn't have
large stone buildings they also knew
that there is small amounts of gold and
precious metals they were perfectly
willing to trade for this they had a
very complicated and big trading network
all over the Caribbean and they
basically beat the Spaniards on trading
goods from the Spaniards point of view
and the Spaniards get angry and then
attack them they had these bombs that
were made out of peppers and they would
put him in gourds and they managed to
blow them up and people would be in hot
pepper gas
this is a war technique that the
Spaniards had never seen and the course
caused them to lose a lot of battles
which made the matter and matter because
they had this idea that we have steel
and everything that we should be able to
win these complex societies were over
here that were fully the equal in most
respects of any European society just as
old just as technologically advanced
they don't show any of that
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
October 5th will be off the air during
the questionable holiday we just
discussed but tune in tomorrow night for
the award-winning documentary series
vice news what are you talking about
 you
do you think that it's the failings of
the mainstream media that has allowed
for the rise of people like you oh for
sure because they didn't want to cover
the county stories you thought were
important okay so you absorb all
responsibility when it goes out comes
the incident I'm responsible for what I
talk about and for what I say I'm not
responsible for what other people talk
about you think you're one of the best
journalists in the country on a merit
all for sure yeah
you
you
