Jr walk is a 27 year old resident of
eunice West Virginia a small community
in the Coal River Valley for the past
seven years he's worked with Coal River
Mountain watch an activist group that
tries to disrupt coal mining in the area
so that's your drone yeah this is it
it's really useful for like the initial
spotting of problems to fight local
mining operations Jr tries to catch
companies in the middle of a mining
violation and then anonymously submits
the evidence to West Virginia's
Department of Environmental Protection
drone surveillance is the only part of
his activities he'd show me because
unlike other alleged tactics
it doesn't involve trespassing when
you're drowning over coal mining
companies what are you looking for I
could be looking for a signs that there
might be problems with the sediment
control structures and that'd be a lot
of like erosion those are really the
main things we can really stick them on
as far as what costs them money so
you're trying to starve him out yeah
exactly death by a thousand paper cuts
essentially Jr isn't just worried about
coal mining he's also worried about what
companies do with the leftovers after
cooled his mind it's put through a
series of chemical washes which creates
wastewater called coal slurry that dark
sludge like liquid then gets stored in
large outdoor lakes called impoundments
which is perfectly legal
there's the impoundment oh wow that is
huge back in there you can tell more of
the liquid waste yeah it's on the top
it's not just underneath just yeah
gigantic lake filled with toxic muck for
years jr. has been raising the alarm
over the brushy fork impoundment a
twenty five thousand acre lake filled
with eight billion gallons of the stuff
all held in place by the largest earthen
dam in the Western Hemisphere the
impoundment which is owned by a company
named - Alpha Natural Resources and
operated by a subsidiary is located just
three miles from Junior's home all these
impurities that are in that impoundment
right there they're not in the
atmosphere for everybody to breathe
they're in our backyard because we're
poor people you don't see an impalement
like this over top of Washington DC you
know what I mean you don't you don't see
an impoundment like this in Beverly
Hills all the water that's down in the
valley where the people actually live is
contaminated and I would not recommend
drinking it or even eating the fish that
you catch out of it according to the DEP
there's no lining under brushy fork and
one of the criticisms levied by
environmentalists is that this allows
slurry to seep into the groundwater
although juniors community stopped
getting their water from wells 10 years
ago for reasons unrelated to the
impoundment he says the slurry
contaminated their local groundwater
years ago according to public records
the company that operates brushy fork
has received various minor violations
for slurry discharge into local
waterways which they were forced to
address
and in 2014 Cobra Mountain watch along
with other organizations won a lawsuit
against the previous owner for selenium
contamination in the water which it was
also forced to remediate according to
DEP documents received through a Freedom
of Information request the impoundment
is discharging pollutants into nearby
streams but within the legal limits
defined by the company's permit
however those pollutant limits were made
less stringent in 2008 and are well
above non-binding water quality
guidelines set by the EPA at a creek
less than a mile from Jr's house he
tested water conductivity an indirect
measure of stream health so suggested
limits for a clean and healthy stream is
below 300
so what does that tell you I mean that
tells me that there's a lot of heavy
metals in this Creek and who knows what
all else as far as chemical composition
and thanks of that nature doctors who've
studied the health effects of coal
slurry contamination in drinking water
have documented short-term symptoms like
diarrhea and skin rashes the long-term
effects are less understood but slurry
typically contains known carcinogens
like arsenic as well as lead which
causes developmental issues and children
although there's no documented evidence
of health effects in Jr's community he
says he experienced some of the lesser
symptoms because he used to get his
water from a well but that's just part
of what's keeping him up at night well I
mean there's always the constant worry
of a catastrophic failure of the face of
the dam in which case you'd have almost
8 billion gallons of liquid you know
coming down to these valleys how many
people live right in the path of this
coal slurry should some failure happen
if there were a catastrophic failure of
the face of it then over a thousand
people would die jack Spadaro is a mine
safety and health consultant in the 70s
he helped write the book on dam safety
guidelines
he's also investigated numerous coal
slurry dam failures this is a map of all
the surface mining operations in the
coal River watershed this is the brushy
fork impoundment fat here that's it
yes so if somebody lived in yunus would
they be hit by a failure at brushy fork
yes definitely yes how catastrophic
would that be it would be a fatal
failure anybody in its path would beads
would die jack is concerned about a
failure because he's seen it happen
before
in 1972 a coal slurry dam failed in
Buffalo Creek Valley about 20 miles away
from brushy fork the disaster left more
than 4,000 people homeless and killed
125 people Jack was an investigator
charged with determining the cause of
the failure it was like a tsunami went
there in March of 72
the flood cleanup was still happening
there were still bodies in a temporary
morgue in a high school gymnasium and
and bodies were still being recovered
from the debris it completely destroyed
sometimes entire communities there have
been other accidents at coal slurry
impoundment since Buffalo Creek in 2000
spill and Martin County Kentucky cost
more than 300 million gallons of coal
slurry to flow down waterways
contaminating water of over 27,000
residents 12 years later a fatal
embankment collapse occurred at an
impoundment in Harrison County West
Virginia there are right now about 650
Co wastes impoundments in the country
one of them is the brushy fork dam but
it's not the only one there are others
throughout the region now 45 years since
the Buffalo Creek dam failure we're
taking a risk and we could have failures
of these structures on a massive scale
I'm appalled I can't believe that I'm
having to even talk about this we asked
the parent company that owns the
impoundment Alpha Natural Resources
about the safety of the dam and
groundwater contamination around the
impoundment they didn't answer our
questions instead they told us that they
are committed to complying with all the
permit requirements including regular
inspections of the brushy fork
impoundment adding that operating safely
for employees and the communities in
which we operate has been and will be
our priority
West Virginia's Department of
Environmental Protection told us that
the stability of the brushy fork
structure and safety of the people
living downstream are addressed by the
designs contained in the approved permit
are you the main person around here
doing this around here yeah I'm Mike I'm
the only person
doing it given that you're doing this
often alone do you feel a lot of
responsibility I mean I felt a lot of
responsibility my whole life you know
this ain't no different you know like I
mean I've been paying my own bills since
I was 16 years old you know I don't
really consider it like a negative kind
of responsibility it's like a positive
kind of responsibility you know it's
like a responsibility is something that
I can do to try to better my community
you
you
