tonight searching for Mexico's
disappeared mr. Baez is not special
encanta la muerte King contra Costa why
North Korea could strike first and a new
livelihood for coal workers
GOP senators announced today that
they're scrapping plans to vote on the
Graham Cassidy bill after three
Republicans came out against it it's the
latest in a string of defeats in the
effort to repeal Obamacare but
Republican leaders vowed this isn't the
end we're coming back to this after
taxes we're gonna have time to explain
our concept we'll have a better process
and we're gonna take this show on the
road this morning the mayor of San Juan
said the situation is life or death on
the island and urged agencies to speed
up direct aid President Trump says he'll
travel to Puerto Rico next week we've
worked very very hard in Puerto Rico
it's very tough because it's an island
in Texas we can ship the trucks right
out there and
we can do we've gotten a pluses on Texas
and in Florida and we will also on
Patrika but the difference is this is an
island sitting in the middle of an ocean
and it's a big ocean with some very thin
oceans and we're doing a really good job
Attorney General Jeff session said today
that freedom of speech on college
campuses is under threat the American
University was once the center of
academic freedom a place of robust
debate a forum for the competition of
ideas but it is transforming into an
echo chamber of political correctness
and homogeneous thought a shelter for
fragile egos as he spoke protesters
gathered outside Georgetown University's
Law School and some students told vice
news that their invitations to attend
the speech had been rescinded
federal prosecutors in New York
announced charges against ten people
including four Division one NC double-a
assistant coaches college coaches took
cash bribes from managers and advisors
in exchange for directing players and
their families to those bribers a senior
executive at adidas was also charged
with funneling bribes to get players to
go to university sponsored by the
company adidas and the coach's school
said they were surprised by the charges
and that they would cooperate with the
investigation in a major reversal Saudi
Arabia announced it'll allow women to
drive the ultra-conservative Kingdom is
the only country in the world where
women don't have the right and some
women who've defied the ban have been
arrested for it for years Saudi
officials and clerics said it was
inappropriate for women to drive and
that it would be a threat to society if
they did
three years ago tonight 43 students from
a rural Teachers College in southern
Mexico disappeared after a confrontation
with security forces the case is still
unsolved their disappearance is only the
most high-profile instance of a deeper
problem according to government figures
more than 32 thousand Mexicans are
currently missing and it's the search
for the 43
that's compelled the relatives of these
other missing people to take up their
own searches scouring the countryside
for any remains they can find Mario Vida
gotta brings his dog with him whenever
he ventures into the hills to find
buried bodies she's there to alert him
to the presence of people in wild
animals but finding the graves is up to
ekkada himself with help from hunters
and others who stumble on traces of the
disappeared in the forest boos come here
man
mi hermano Tomas hallo sequester on an
Cinco de Julio that doesn't mean those
in the last three years he's found
dozens of bodies and although none of
them were his brothers the search has
become an end in itself
hey camino de desierto se camino de voz
KCK monado canal de agua negra si te
puedo salir de aquí en cualquier parte
del país puede ver una persona
desaparecido anta Radha
like the vast majority in his position
but God doesn't know who took his
brother only the kidnappings of everyday
people are frequent and nobody ever gets
caught
we followed badda Gadda to an abandoned
campsite where he believes kidnappers
had held a group of hostages esta la fin
de una pistola hemos encontrado Mazda
centos attenti cuerpo sent arrows enter
ADO's en los arrows become frequency
ellos encontraron cerca complement those
communists t v-- regatta is won in a
loose movement of goose colores
researcher which originated here in the
southern state of guerrero in 2014 after
43 students disappeared in the small
city of Iguala the search for the
students remains the fruitless turned up
hundreds of other bodies in the hills
inspiring people like Bogata to search
for their own loved ones Yo no lo vez
que por miedo nunca lo vez que hace que
paso la desaparición de la scala
Integris estudiantes in Iguala
the case of the 43 missing students blew
the cover off of the epidemic of forced
disappearances in Mexico now three years
later the NGO that represents their
families in court has commissioned a
full reconstruction of events from an
agency called forensic architecture
which pulls together for the first time
every known fact about the case the
students came from a school with the
tradition of radical left-wing activism
and on the night they disappeared
they were in buses they had commandeered
to drive to a protest in the capital as
they tried to leave Iguala
they were ambushed simultaneously in two
different locations by security forces
all the way from the local to the
federal acting in concert with organized
crime the exact motive for the attacks
remains unclear though the reigning
theory is that one of the buses
unbeknownst to the students was loaded
with drugs or cash and the corrupt
officials brought the full force of the
state down to stop them from taking it
but that's not what the government says
according to the Mexican attorney
general which is prosecuting the case
the attacks were an act of petty
retaliation for the students political
activities and only a small number of
local officials were involved
investigative journalists an hour later
none discovered the case from the
beginning for the magazine processor and
also published a book about the 43 SE
que lo que puede si es que la Virgen
oficial del gobierno de mexico soberly
caso de las : tetris normalistas de
principio Athene is absolutamente fault
estan negligence iya del gobierno este
no resolver el caso es porque el
gobierno prefere oh no hacer justicia
este caso Peron cubrir a loss ver today
responsibility' MOS hablando de un
crimen desta
it nun days views the disappearance of
the 43 as just one symptom of a much
larger problem untold numbers of
government officials participate
actively in organized crime and in a
country where the military and police
have been deployed on a massive scale
ostensibly to fight the cartels this
means thousands of heavily armed men who
can kill with impunity l noventa y ocho
por ciento de los creaminess in mexico's
no ser su alvin algo veer no no lei
important los desaparecidos porque como
puede ser posible que el gobierno NOLA
important los desaparecidos de su propio
de su propia población yo tengo la
potus's
de que por que en la gran mayoria de las
operaciones al menos una gente del
gobierno boy lucre the Mexican attorney
general's office did not respond to any
of our questions we did however speak
with the spokesman from the guerrero
state government who agreed to discuss
the larger question of forced
disappearances and who acknowledged the
government corruption is partly to blame
desde la Parisienne de los couldn t tres
si encontrados cientos de carreras
enforces clandestinos in los cerros de
carrera y soca music speak in principal
Palama cinema in Poona de que se acaba c
Jakob ahmo's con la cancion Illig ramos
consul Adar un sistema de justicia panel
che sia sólido suerte ya corporaciones
policia cos suertes a violist intention
for this operation force analysts ave
guerrero
knows he exists in its own that okay yo
tel aviv the answer is no according to a
report by the Mexican Commission on
Human Rights there were no such
sentences in Guerrero before 2015 and
the governor's office was unable to
provide examples of a me since been that
leaves Mattioli de gata in searchers
like him alone to recover the missing
it's a risky endeavor vidigueira and his
family received threats on a regular
basis he missed it by ease
yzma's Vaseline contra la muerte can
Contra Costa Vergara took us to a place
in the hills where a worker mending a
barbed wire fence found a human foot
otra vez mas grande in situ Ron Pacifica
18 passing control versus not Chico's
it's just only personas as better God
are prepared to dig to make sure the
rest of the body was there he heard a
car pulling up the hill from the highway
but it was a false alarm
si este carro que vino Vera's IDO gente
Maliki knows Matt akeno's desaparecido V
Ramos terminado tal vez en tirado's pour
ie after a few minutes of careful
digging
he found a shin bone sticking out of the
second shoe and the rest followed mr.
LeClair Bakula though he says the system
given interval hace la cabeza Oaxacan
Baraka como que lo de hablar Oh esta su
not for long he s assume metacarpal
posickey que una persona
the momentous a vaiue 'no no sabemos
Qantas ahi
Plus mergers demolition no media under
me
President Trump took another swing at
North Korea today promising that he's
totally prepared to order a military
strike if we take that option it will be
devastating I can tell you that
devastating for North Korea that's
called the military option if we have to
take it we will
it's classic trumpism show strength no
matter what but nuclear experts say that
approach could be a big mistake North
Korea has been marching towards nuclear
capability and making a lot of threats
for a long time now but most Americans
never really had to worry about it
because the US has so many more nuclear
weapons of its own
it's basically an exercise in game
theory which is what so much of nuclear
strategy is based on the logic holds
that North Korea would never actually
try a nuclear attack on the US or our
allies because if they did we'd
immediately wipe them off the map and
they know it this is what nuclear
theorists call the massive retaliation
strategy and it works pretty well at
deterring an attack or did but with
Trump's increasingly aggressive rhetoric
and actions it turns out there's another
scenario at play here
one that applies specifically to weaker
powers with smaller nuclear arsenals
it's called asymmetric escalation and it
plays out like this a conventional
attack from the US on North Korea could
easily destroy Kim Jong Un's nuclear
arsenal or decapitate his regime if an
attack is underway or even if Kim just
thinks one is he has a limited amount of
time to fire off his nukes before
they're gone
or he won't be around to use them with
the technology he has he could likely
hit Guam and definitely hit our allies
in Japan and South Korea in doing so he
would hope that he could shock the
Americans enough to think twice about
their attack what's most scary about
this scenario is that it doesn't require
Kim jong-un to be some sort of suicidal
madman to decide to use one of his nukes
first fitb in Narang an expert on
nuclear strategy at MIT explains it this
way the more rational Kim is the Itchy
or his trigger finger will be especially
now when he has a small vulnerable
nuclear arsenal because he has to worry
about what we call a use them or lose
them dilemma yeah he can't be sure that
his nuclear forces would survive a
conventional attack or an attempt to
disarm him
and so his personal calculation is his
only theory of survival is if he uses
nuclear weapons to flow as a
conventional invasion down and stop the
conventional attack now wouldn't the
u.s. respond to a nuclear attack on our
soil or our treaty allies by
incinerating North Korea maybe but the
US would have to be sure that Kim wasn't
holding anything in reserve and that he
wouldn't fire off a partying volley of
nukes or even in tents conventional
weapons beam sure of that is nearly
impossible and if we're wrong it could
mean hundreds of thousands of lives
because the key to asymmetric conflict
is that a destitute in isolated country
like North Korea has relatively little
to lose and the prosperous US has
everything to lose
for coal workers who've lost their jobs
in recent years and borne the brunt of
an industry slowdown the answer to their
employment woes might just be found in
wind wind turbine technician is the
fastest growing job in the country and
one Chinese owned manufacturing company
is trying to convert fossil fuel
veterans into an alternative energy
labor force but despite the potential
for good jobs the wind sector is still
meeting some fierce resistance when
we're climbing just has to be strapped
at all times okay since losing his cool
job in 2015
Jason Wilbanks has cobbled together a
living by driving cool employees to work
now he's looking to make a change so
Jason you guys are going to Tower 9 we
met him at a job program held by Goldwyn
Americas a Chinese owned company that's
part of one of the largest wind turbine
manufacturers in the world and that's
trying to bring wind farming to Wyoming
any questions all right let's go guess
equipment medium gold winch training
program which is free and a split
between a test site in Montana and
information sessions across Wyoming has
attracted a lot of out-of-work coal
employees like Jason last year was a
horrible time to be unemployed up here
in northeastern Wyoming for sure have
you heard a lot about the wind energy
industry in Wyoming I haven't heard a
lot of the wind industry in Wyoming
unfortunately living in Wyoming I've
felt a lot of winds mm-hmm it makes me
very irritable sometimes and if I can
use it to pay my bills and support my
family
then maybe I'll learn to like it a
little better on the surface Wyoming is
a great candidate for wind farms it's
one of the windiest states in the
country but many Wyoming residents
haven't welcomed the new industry
the people around you your friends your
family we don't like the wind energy
they don't know not not my recent
colleagues they find that it's imposing
on what they do for a living
meaning that it's encroaching on the oil
and gas industry and taking away from it
it's taken away from that's what they
feel you get some people who don't like
when energy some family some strangers
who come from different backgrounds what
kind of backgrounds they used to work in
the oil field or the coal mines and I
mean they'll tease you they'll call you
names say you're liberals or greenies
state legislators have also been
stubborn in their commitment to fossil
fuels Wyoming is one of only two states
in the country that has a wind tax state
representative Michael Madden supports
that tax and wants to raise it some
people argue that the wind industry
shouldn't be taxed as much as the fossil
fuel industry in Wyoming because what
you get from wind is a renewable energy
right it's not gonna go away whereas the
reason why the fossil fuel industry is
taxed is because you're taking something
out of the ground and you're not going
to get it back do you think that that is
a fair argument well it is if we're if
you're sufficiently narrow about it you
know we look at the loss of the
aesthetics of Wyoming they will never
come back we will run out of wide-open
space that everybody in Wyoming is
living here for Maddon says that because
wind turbines ruin people's view they
deserve to be taxed like any other
energy source as a result despite having
some of the highest wind potential in
the country Wyoming ranks 15th in the
current wind energy output with only a
thousand turbines and experts estimate
that it will take at least five years to
get new wind farms up and running in the
state I don't know how long it takes to
train a wind technician but I would
assume it takes less than five years
they're actually going to hold the
training program that's two weeks long
that makes me think that it's more of a
publicity move
that Goldwing I think they've got
projects that they're working on but
they don't have any construction going
yet to me it's just putting false hope
in some of these poor guys Minds that
here I'm gonna have a prospect to the
job but and I think this job will come
but it may not be for a long time I'm
gonna take one of you guys with me on
this one nobody all right make sure you
how much are connected we're ready to do
this it's easy to see why people like
Michael Madden think gold wins training
program is a publicity stunt right now
there are only 4,400 win texts
nationwide but according to David
Halligan CEO of the Americas division of
Goldwyn the training program is a
long-term strategy are you gonna be able
to hire hundreds of people well if you
look at the projects that are planned to
go into Wyoming
they're gonna require hundreds of people
as they build out over the next five
years they're gonna need that talent and
why not start reaching out soon I was
told by a representative in Wyoming that
what you guys are doing is a publicity
stunt is it absolutely not the jobs are
gonna be there
we need people and even if they don't
work for a Goldwyn wind farm
hopefully they at least have that
experience from us that in the future
when Goldwyn is one of the top wind
technology companies in this country
they'll say I receive some initial
training from Goldwyn I love to go work
with them
could you see yourself doing this on a
regular basis you know for a living I
think so absolutely yeah I think it's
rewarding those monetarily and
physically yeah um so you're gonna do
that two week of training yeah I think I
will you have for sure my current job I
Drive I want something that's gonna
challenge me physically mentally I have
more to offer to a company than just
driving a van all day
mount a gun an active volcano on Bali
could erupt at any minute more than
75,000 people have already evacuated the
area the last time mount agung erupted
in 1963 more than 1500 people were
killed scientists aren't sure exactly
when it'll happen again or how extreme
it will be but most agree that any
eruption could have counterintuitive
consequences slowing the effects of
global warming
volcanoes can put millions of tons of
sulfur dioxide gas directly into the
stratosphere so what happens is the
sulfur gas turns into these droplets of
sulfate aerosol which are very shiny and
reflect sunlight back to space so a
certain percentage of the sunlight
scatters back out into space and doesn't
get to the surface to heat up the planet
and we know historically that's had in
some cases very significant cooling
effects on the surface of the planet
in 1991 Mount Pinatubo put a lot of
sulphur into the stratosphere and caused
the cooling of about a degree Fahrenheit
over a year and a half or so if a donee
puts as much as spin a tube oh we could
be reduction in the global average
temperatures
not for me man not for me not for me
right the very god dad
Marvel it I like the base of the drums
and the distorted guitars yeah and the
vocals were alright as well what do you
imagine the band looks like yours
probably horrible they sound good them
but look like nerds or something sound
pissed off which I like right
nice talk about hoes and bitches and
 any right and all that stuff yeah
I'm not keen on our lap or it's good to
know - all right I mean I wasn't by it
and I mean it's not my kind of style but
I like the big stuff yeah she's asking
for flowers man you can't ask for
flowers you're not really ever getting
where you don't you know I mean it's
like you know I mean asking for
chocolates next won't she
I just like I like his songs well you're
good honey you know obviously smokes
weed enough so that was good no is it
Damian Marley alright yeah man I've been
carrying these weed around in London for
a bit because we've got the same driver
there now in London if we get
pulled over by the Dibble I get caught
with all the ganja so that's gone the
car smells that I stole so that's good
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
September 26
you
you
