tonight the NFL and the First Amendment
Alabama's Trump referendum if loser
doesn't win they're gonna say Donald
Trump was unable to pull his candidate
and preaching solar
late on Monday afternoon Republican
senator Susan Collins announced she'd
vote against the Graham Cassidy bill
likely sinking the GOP s latest
Obamacare replacement effort for the
time being Collins made her announcement
just after the Congressional Budget
Office reported that quote millions of
Americans would lose their coverage
under Graham Cassidy senators held their
first and only hearing on the bill today
but raucous protests derailed it several
times
Puerto Rico's governor is warning of a
humanitarian crisis and asking for more
federal help after hurricane Maria
devastated the island which is home to
3.4 million Americans
food and water are running low the
entire electrical grid is down and cell
and internet access are severely limited
a dam in the islands Northwest has
suffered critical infrastructure failure
and thousands have been told to evacuate
the Supreme Court has canceled arguments
on president Trump's travel ban that
were scheduled for next month after the
White House issued new and expanded
restrictions last night starting next
month the new policy will indefinitely
bar people from seven countries many of
which were part of the original band but
now adds North Korea and Chad Sudan was
removed from the list former New York
Congressman Anthony Weiner was sentenced
to 21 months in federal prison today for
sexting a 15 year old girl Weiner who
has repeatedly been caught trading
explicit messages and pictures pled
guilty in May to one kind of
transferring obscene material to a minor
in his letter to the judge Weiner said
he has profound regret for his crime
he's set to begin his sentence on
November
six the first female Marine graduated
today from the famously difficult
infantry officer course the Corps
released video of the lieutenant
training but she's asked to keep her
identity private the Marines opened the
grueling 13 week course to women last
year on average about 25% of entrance
washout regardless of sex before today
more than 30 women had tried and failed
to complete the course the new graduate
will now be the first woman to lead a
marine infantry platoon wouldn't you
love to see one of these NFL owners when
somebody disrespects our flag to say get
that son of a bitch off the field right
now out he's fired it just amazes me
with everything else that's going on
it's worth expressing involving the u.s.
the battle over free speech in the NFL
may be new it may involve millionaire
athletes who can speak directly to their
fans but it has direct ties to the fight
waged by a coalition of UC Berkeley
students from across the political
spectrum known as the Free Speech
Movement the FSM started in the fall of
1964 after the Berkeley administration
banned all political activity on campus
the FSM s goal was a complete repeal of
the ban but the energy that drove the
movement came from deeper grievances
students were fed up with a university
that treated education like an industry
for the second half of the last century
and the automobile for the first half of
this century may be done for the second
half of this century by the knowledge
industry
the service the focal point for national
growth
so when Berkeley handed down its ban on
political activity it inadvertently
galvanized thousands of frustrated
students into active rebellion they step
on everyone's toes at the same time they
didn't ban civil rights organizations
they banned all activities by student
political organizations the fight
started over some small tables on a
sidewalk where students would raise
money for political causes they
supported the university's function is
the encouragement and the best emanation
of ideas and these silly little card
tables for me was part of my education I
had a right to that just as I had a
right to go to class when a former
student was arrested for setting up one
of these tables a 32 hours standoff
ensued students surrounding the police
card to prevent it from leaving it
wasn't just liberals that came out in
support the movement brought together
everyone from the campus Republicans and
students for Goldwater to the Socialist
Party and women for peace it was a very
broad it had lots of people the bulk of
the most active were of one strain of
left or another but the most impressive
thing about the Free Speech Movement and
I have the inside view I was at every
meeting everyone understood that the key
to our strength was our unity and worked
really hard to maintain that months of
protests and failed negotiations
culminated in a massive sit-in at Sproul
Hall where the episomes leader Mario
Savio gave an iconic speech about
halting the gears of President kurz
so-called knowledge Factory
the Board of Regents are the board of
directors and a president Kuran fact is
the manager and I tell you something the
fact I deal a bunch of employees and
where the raw material but where
adventure raw materials that don't mean
to end up being brought by some clients
of the University we then have
government be they industry be organized
labor beat anyone well you would be 800
students were arrested at Sproul the
action eventually forced the
administration to repeal its ban on
political activity and that success
inspired a massive wave of protests and
campus takeovers at schools across the
country
today NFL players are fighting for the
same things that FSM did the right to
protest and the right to keep both their
professional identities and their
personal beliefs in the face of those
who would deny them one or the other
I think what the president is saying is
that the owner should have a rule that
players should have to stand in respect
for the national anthem
they can do free speech on their own
time we feel like president Trump's
speech was a was an assault
you know on a most chairs right freedom
of speech and collectively we felt like
we had to you know do something so what
is game
tomorrow
Alabama plays host to the latest battle
in the Republican Civil War holding its
primary election for US Senate the
incumbent Luther Strange is running
against notorious hardliner Roy Moore
but in this contest between the GOP
establishment and president Trump's
grassroots base Trump himself is siding
with the establishment now it's my great
honor and privilege to introduce not
only the president of the great United
States of America but a friend of mine
ladies and gentlemen the President of
the United States
Luther Strange is a mainstream
Republican and a loyal yes vote which
Trump needs I said I gotta get your vote
on healthcare as you've got it I've
always been for you my family's always
been for you and honestly mr. president
if you want my vote you have it that's
the coolest thing that's happened to me
in six months okay it's true
so loser did that for me and I
remembered Luther we have to be loyal in
life you don't that's probably not true
of Strange's primary opponent Roy Moore
who's known as a bit of a loose cannon
the former state Chief Justice was
removed from office twice for putting
religion before the law he's the
Republican who refused to remove a Ten
Commandments monument and plaque from
the Alabama Supreme Court building
he's also prone to controversial
comments about sexuality and race our
foundation has been shaken crime
corruption immorality abortion sodomy
sexual perversion sweep our land more is
leading strange in every public poll of
the race and some of trumps best-known
staffers have endorsed him including
former White House aide Steve Bannon and
Sebastian Gorka
you must send a signal to the swamp
dwellers in DC because on November the
8th we put a man into office who
believes in God family country that's
the same as judge Roy Moore even Sarah
Palin showed up for more in Alabama
judge Moore is gonna defend our
interests with the same still spine that
he defended those 10 commandments and by
the way I don't think there's any cooler
nickname you could have than the Ten
Commandment judge that's a badge of
honor
Trump didn't have to get involved a
Republican will probably win the race
either way but since he endorsed ranged
the race is now about the president's
power he knows he may come out on the
losing end I might have made a mistake
because you know here's a story if
Luthor doesn't win they're gonna say
Donald Trump was unable to pull his
candidate across the line
this is total embarrassment strange was
appointed by the state's disgraced
former governor who resigned because of
a sex scandal a Mitch McConnell Inc
super PACs spent five million dollars
supporting the candidate those
establishment eyes seemed to make him
antithetical to everything Trump ran on
and it's making some Alabama Republicans
uneasy including some of trumps closest
supporters State Representative Edie
Henry was Trump to Alabama campaign
co-chairman you talked about this
potentially affecting Donald Trump's
face I mean are you hearing that from oh
there are a ton ton of regular
Alabamians
that are in disbelief that the man that
they put so much faith in Donald Trump
could ever put his arm around a snake
like Lisa strange but counter to the
conventional wisdom in DC most of the
Trump voters backing more in Alabama
don't see the race as a referendum on
the president here's how Palin explained
it both for Judge more isn't to vote
against the president it is a vote for
the people
agenda that elected the presidents
Trump's grassroots supporters found ways
to excuse him Donald Trump's already set
the tone has foreign get rid of bad
people he couldn't endorse anybody else
and getting political capital from Mitch
McConnell so I don't begrudge him doing
that that's a business move even better
swamp monster moves know he knows the
people of Alabama well enough that we're
gonna take care of but it may not be the
base that the president needs to worry
about
even if he's as popular as ever in the
Trump Heartland the President may find
that his friends in the Senate start
getting picked off by embolden primary
challengers like more congressman Louie
Gohmert an arch-conservative from Texas
who endorsed in campaign for more is all
for it what does that mean for other
incumbents other Republican incumbents
if he does what I think your boy wins it
will provide a great deal of freedom of
attitude as wait a minute you know you
can buck the system and still get
elected it sounds like chaos on Capitol
Hill though well that's what the
founders wanted the founders wanted some
chaos so it wasn't so easy to make laws
that change people's lives for the worse
Brazil has the world's third largest
prison population and it's
disproportionately made up of black
inmates 67% of prisoners are black
compared to 53% of the country's
population Rafael Braga a 27 year old
from one of Rio de Janeiro's poorest
neighborhoods says he was sent behind
bars for crimes he didn't commit
he's become the face of an ongoing fight
against racial injustice vice news met
up with him when he returned home
earlier this month more than a year and
a half after he was incarcerated Rafael
Braga walked out of a Rio de Janeiro
prison for a second time Braga
contracted tuberculosis and a judge
ruled he can wait for his appeal hearing
under house arrest his release was a
small victory in a case that's captured
the country's attention and made Braga a
symbol of what many see as an unfair
criminal justice system baragas troubles
began in 2013 that summer as many as
300,000 people were protesting in rio
against police brutality and corruption
Braga was arrested for carrying bottles
of household cleaning products near the
protests which authorities said he could
have used to make Molotov cocktails he
was the only person jailed and sentenced
to five years and ten months in prison -
such baptism they are simple homage of
God the estate debate format in October
Braga was led out to serve the remainder
of his sentence at home with an ankle
bracelet but only three months later he
was arrested again police say he was
carrying 0.6 grams of marijuana 9.3
grams of cocaine and a firecracker which
drug traffickers often use to signal
that police are close by this time broad
was sentenced to 11 years and three
months Braga and his family insisted
from the beginning he was innocent
hey Sokka kadis-kot en chemin ami Oh
free depois de vida que de a cheapo Oh a
beach Ahmad Rashad Oh His image is
plastered all over Rio and Brockett
supporters have rallied to his cars
Isaiah concrete says a soju estado
caprelsa de facto Karuma Prakash bravado
Proma alicia marie le Franco is a favela
born council woman who says the justice
system is biased information dos Jewish
media the Chocobo GV Casa definitive
filtered wins Ibaka Doric a centimeter
lava killer's nose - I don't know -
Oprah's in town
que pasa es nada Jennifer grandma's -
sent me an article about you - Tobias
auto log added to a region that Turku so
far no date has been set for broca's
appeal here like health experts say that
one of the best ways to curb overdose
deaths is by establishing safe injection
sites places where people can use heroin
under medical supervision but of course
not everyone agrees that officially
sanctioned drug use is a good thing in
American cities that have pushed for the
idea have been shot down
Toronto got farther in 2016 it's City
Council approved three safe injection
sites but by this August none had opened
so a group of activists decided to open
one on their own even though they had to
break the law to do it
although Toronto police doesn't
necessarily agree totally with injection
site light is popping up because we do
have the aspect of illegal drugs coming
and going the crisis supersedes that at
this point in time
yeah watch your fingers
is there another large speed shark fins
yeah there's all the little sharps or
whatever does it put one in just like
one big one the first day we opened it
was like 2 or 3 o'clock and we started
to put everything up and the police
rolled up radioed and we have a
situation going on in the park and then
they sent in Superintendent Hines
test who actually was like pretty nice
we had a spike of overdoses in the city
and it just seemed to be escalating we
can't just hand out in a lock zone and
we can't just like go to memorials
constantly we've had over 13 overdoses
we've reversed and assisted in and a few
of those have been quite scary opiate
overdose usually takes some time but the
kind of drugs we have on the street are
making people drop if they're trying to
move people through the injections
they'll grab you and say like keep an
eye on this person so that person is on
you close somewhere with you when I
heard about pop up I couldn't believe it
really at first so I had to go and see
with my own eyes it was for real pops up
kind of on its own without places like
this people are going to continue to die
and this fentanyl people are getting
this stuff laced in their heroin and
they don't know someone just handed us a
bag and they are suspecting it Spence no
Lee we sold to them as down so there's
some residue in the bag there we're
gonna check that and see what turns up
if it is positive fentanyl we'll see one
red line towards the bottom here it was
negative we'll see two red lines and you
wait five minutes but it's already to me
it's indicative that there is fentanyl
in there
been junking for two years
I live here well my tea is bright hang
up parts lot cleaner those people that
don't judge yeah I volunteer here
diction counselors F's junkies most
junkies don't have anybody in their life
they were like family like that we're
all written off those for us so actually
I want to stop using the shitty life
yeah the life they want case of by the
time I went from doing a pill every
couple of days to $500 a day habit
before I knew what had happened I was
what I hated so much junkie we were to
let them live another day
so they had the opportunity to stop on
their own because nobody can stop you
until you're ready to stop
the Sun is giving us a message today do
you think this is a good omen for your
your talk tonight
yes brother Sun sister moon Claire
Whelan is an 88 year old Franciscan nun
who recently celebrated her seventh
decade in the order we visited her last
month in Indiana during the Eclipse to
talk about solar energy you know the
earth all creation is a manifestation of
the one who created it the source of all
being and that's the source of my being
- recently Claire has channeled her
faith-based environmentalism toward
fighting a new policy in May Indiana's
republican-led state legislature passed
Senate bill 309 which will make owning
solar panels less affordable
in response Claire joined a statewide
drive to get people in Indiana to go
solar and part of the way she's doing
this is by hosting community meetings to
connect residents in her area with solar
panel installers these are some of the
towns and cities that have already been
involved in this we went to Bloomington
for an all-day workshop 16 teams now
throughout the state of Indiana are
doing the same thing so you're helping
out the solar industry in Indiana I
guess we're more for the homeowner to do
this fast because to their benefit I
like to see things get done I like to
see fair treatment and I happen to have
the energy and the skill to push people
our electric bill is approximately
$1,400 a month so I'm terrified what we
can save by having solar panels it's not
too often when you get a combination of
something that makes sense
ecological sense and still saves you
money there is some urgency to Claire's
efforts in the past three years Maine
Hawaii and Arizona have all taken steps
to restrict solar incentives making the
bill in Indiana part of a national trend
now that it's passed it's set to take
effect in January at which point
homeowners will see new limits set on
something called
net metering here's how net metering
works right now if you're an indiana
homeowner with solar panels on your roof
you get a credit on your electricity
bill each month for the excess energy
your panels generate effectively you
sell it back to the grid at the same
price the electric company would charge
you what bill 309 changes that it makes
it so that if someone were to lose their
benefits from net metering today a solar
panel owner would pay the retail price
12 cents per kilowatt hour for
electricity from the grid but they'd
only be able to sell the electricity
back for a price close to wholesale
about 4 cents Brandt Hershman is a
republican state senator in Indiana he's
the author of SB 309 there are only
about a thousand people Indiana right
now that have that used solar energy
that's not a lot why go after net
metering now well first of all I would
disagree with your statement go after
user but if you look at the controversy
that was generated over this bill when
only a thousand people are participating
understand how difficult it would be to
make any changes to the program on that
number is ten thousand or fifty thousand
or more
from the perspective of somebody who has
solar panels on their roof they're
saying hey I'm paying this much for my
energy when I give it back to utilities
and they benefit from that shouldn't I
also be credited the same amount that
I'm paying for my energy well how would
you explain your position to them it
fails to take into account the
additional costs that are incurred like
the distribution and transmission cost
that doesn't come for free a lot of
people that I've spoken to about bill
309 and who are upset about it are
people who belong to faith-based groups
and for them going solar is all about
embracing God's creation and taking care
of the environment what would you tell
them I guess technically speaking God
created coal as well so you have to take
a look at this in totality I have
nothing against solar power but to
suggest that it's God's favorite energy
source is a bit of a stretch after three
meetings Claire has gotten 25 people to
signal an interest in solar of those
eight customers have signed a contract
with a solar installer did you expect to
have this many people come to these
talks and then decide yeah I want to go
solar I want it more you wanted more do
you think that you're gonna keep talking
up solar you know in the years to come
oh yes you're gonna keep being involved
sure yeah yeah long as I can long is
there there's air in my system
that's vice news tonight for Monday
September 25th
you
