well this is the predator that I've
fought see the real stud like me then
you fight the predator with your bare
hands and wipe them out
then he Terminator traveling through
time cause if I could do this in real
life I would travel back to 1812 and why
about the gerrymandering you were the
mastermind behind the great 2011
gerrymandering which is still in many
ways dictating politics in our country
how did you decide to pursue that well
really started after a wave and Obama's
historic win where he really shifted a
number of political dynamics in the
country and so as Republicans we were
looking at okay what's the path back and
one of it was obviously how do we get
control the US House of Representatives
the direct results it was to put
Republicans at the table to draw the
lines there about 10,000 students here
that's definitely enough especially in a
smaller congressional election to swing
a low oh and this is the street that
divides the campus for voting purposes
their boat is now correct that building
right there is a different congressional
district than where we're standing yes
50 feet away right so what's this here
this is House District 48 so why'd the
district shape like this to stack impact
my nose
do you think that the makeup of the
state legislature right now represents
the North Carolina population as a whole
no ma'am
they'd use the power of the peon to
really uh put themselves in a position
to leave for a while it's not gonna ever
be perfect unless you literally take it
away from the legislators altogether
gerrymandering sucks because it's all
designed for helping the politicians but
not the ordinary citizen
