you
tonight after the earthquake war crimes
without justice and stucking big cats on
the border
Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto
Rico as a category four storm with a
hundred and fifty five mile-per-hour
winds making it one of the strongest
hurricanes to ever hit the island Maria
knocked at everyone's power sent
thousands to take cover in shelters and
snap trees and tore off rooftops in its
path officials are warning of
potentially catastrophic flooding the
storm already killed at least seven
people in Dominica and two and
Guadeloupe Kenya's Supreme Court today
issued its first public explanation for
why it annulled the country's
presidential election results last month
blaming the National Electoral
Commission the court said the voting
process wasn't transparent and that the
Commission hadn't verified the results
before announcing a winner current
president of hooroo Kenyatta outside the
courthouse police fired tear gas when
supporters of Kenyatta and his opponent
rila Odinga confronted each other new
elections are scheduled for October
Oklahoma City police say that the
officers who shot and killed Miguel
Sanchez didn't hear witnesses yelling
that Sanchez was deaf a police spokesman
says the officers were responding to a
reported hit-and-run when they
encountered the 35 year old with a metal
pipe in his hand officers say the man
wasn't responding to commands one fired
a Taser and the other fired his gun
witnesses said they were yelling he
can't hear you
former President Obama is criticizing
the latest Republican effort to repeal
his signature health care law the
president said that Obamacare isn't
perfect but it's better than what the
GOP is offering when I see people trying
to undo that hard-won progress for the
50 of their 60th time with bills that
would raise costs or reduce coverage
will roll back protections for older
Americans or people with pre-existing
conditions for whom coverage once again
would be almost unattainable it is
aggravating the Senate is expected to
consider the GOP s newest repeal attempt
week
officials and residents in Mexico City
are searching for survivors trapped in
the rubble from the earthquake that hit
Tuesday exactly 32 years after an
infamous earthquake that left lasting
scars on this capital of more than 20
million people the big one of 85 killed
thousands and caused widespread
devastation and ever since residents
have been banding together to respond
David Noriega has more from Mexico City
the earthquake yesterday was
catastrophic but even with a rising
death toll things could have been much
worse had it not been for the disaster
thirty-two years ago which prompted
Mexico City to establish strict building
codes the trauma of 1985 also compelled
ordinary Mexicans to form volunteer
brigades of first responders and these
groups have been out in full force since
yesterday afternoon that's the case with
risk ah'd they are they aiming which
spent Tuesday night at a collapsed
school in southern Mexico City where at
least 25 adults and children have been
confirmed dead with dozens more still
trapped
treszura pero lo no impossible so puedo
hacer que teníamos system cada uno de
nosotros y melora's a car convey de las
personas que hago the spirit of
volunteerism and generosity is palpable
everywhere today in Mexico City across
the city civilians are standing at
intersections where stoplights have lost
power to help direct traffic so that
emergency vehicles can get to where
we're going here at the site of a
collapsed building in the neighborhood
of let them listen one of the hardest
hit by the earthquake there are crowds
of people lining up with everything from
pickaxes to hammers
for cases in businesses in approach
estan en una situación critic I killed
on me by a spiritual gravity Katara
una vida simplemente you are people
without tools found other ways to help
including Jasmine near London's whose
parents owned a restaurant and donated
all of their food to the relief Panico
maybe owners and socio no mananas
personas ami familia any special time in
case of pure alguna manera ebola samosa
and all okay just as with all of the
airway Nino thermal is the one point
volunteers raised their fists in the air
to call for silence so that they could
listen for screams from the rubble
they couldn't locate any survivors so
everyone got back to work at the United
Nations today Iranian president Hassan
rouhani defended the nuclear deal that
negotiated with the Obama administration
and five other European countries basura
hot nguyen cage amor es la Miran Abbadon
Catherina ha ha food k bar john breaux
NOS canard i guarantee Bevacqua das said
no a lorry RCS Yosa s been Bhairava mo
Yetta sofas but dunya for sáááty
booze or Giro as das das so far
international monitoring agencies say
that Iran isn't in violation of the
agreement the president Trump indicated
today that he's making up his own mind
about whether to stick with the deal
he's repeatedly attacked
whatever valued Trump's ease in keeping
the world in suspense the forces opposed
to the deal are already hard at work
looking for ways he could plausibly back
out of it
even if Iran is doing what it promised
one of the events on the sidelines of
this week's UN General Assembly was a
conference hosted by a group called
United against nuclear Iran it involved
a cast of big names and u.s. foreign
policy and politics David Petraeus Jeb
Bush Joe Lieberman taking turns bashing
Iran and highlighting the shortcomings
of the nuclear deal also known as the
joint comprehensive plan of action or
the jcpoa the agreement almost at times
to me to seem to be more of an objective
to get an agreement than to get an
agreement that really accomplished the
purposes for which the sanctions were
adopted but while the speakers here took
issue with the deal what they actually
talked about well something a little bit
off subject the nefarious role that Iran
plays are on the Middle East this is
former ambassador to the UN Mark Wallace
the CEO of the organization
I personally believe it Oren's behavior
is crossing the Rubicon if you will into
a behavior that is not appropriate to be
party into a jcpoa and that they
violated the terms explicitly and
frankly in spirit and nor engaging other
activities that publicly call into
question whether it's appropriate to
continue to certify the jcpoa even some
of the deal supporters would agree with
parts of this in recent years Iran has
spread its influence far and wide
building up Hezbollah as an elite
fighting force in Lebanon in Syria and
back in rebel forces in the civil war in
Yemen
but that's not what the deal was
supposed to be about the Obama
administration negotiated it solely to
address Iran's nuclear capabilities that
was a key to the agreement success and
yet the administration did suggest that
the deal might lead Iran to play more
nicely with its neighbors that created
an opening for critics who want to see
it fail what reasonable American would
not say Iran you know Ayatollah nuclear
weapon that to America bad combination
and I think because of the charged
political atmosphere I think that there
was an over selling that took place with
the jcpoa and we try to point that out
in the opposition Trump is strongly
hinted he wants to get out of the deal
but he hasn't yet at least in part
because his advisers know that if he did
Europe would be outraged and America's
negotiating position with North Korea
could be compromised if his allies here
can redefine the deal in a way that puts
it wrong and violation they just might
be able to create enough political space
for Trump to get out anyway this is the
intersection of the fanciest shopping
street in America and Central Park a
little bit aways down that way the UN
General Assembly is meeting but here
today where I'm standing this is the
UN's VIP room it supplies a hotel on
with a Bloomberg Business Forum an event
that brings CEOs and world leaders
together to hobnob and according to
organizers make the kind of deals that
can solve the world's problems inward
pick up the mantle and the Clinton
Global Initiative with the Clintons
wound down when they thought Hillary
would become president it didn't work
out that way i sat down with my
Bloomberg to ask him what this event
means the age of Donald Trump how much
of this event is about figuring out ways
to go around the Trump administration I
don't think there's a lot of that
but climbing Eli's you're talking about
trade and climate yes hey I suppose you
can you can talk about going around it
but I I would caution you the Trump
administration is new remember that this
administration came in with brand new
people and a president that's new to the
job and didn't have a lot of experience
in a lot of these things which is okay
public wanted him public voted for me
won the election and yep but he's gotta
learn so you got to give him a little
more time a lot of people who were
involved in the causes that you're
involved with gun violence and the
environment are actually really scared
of this president and you just don't
seem that freaked out I care about what
we do not the personalities and what
said if you yell and scream about
something but don't do anything get real
there's just too many things to worry
about
if we make progress that's what I care
about John you can work with this guy
you make progress with his
administration there's something sure I
assume for example he will get the the
Senate in the house to pass daca I don't
think that any of these guys want to go
or women and face the voters after
throwing out 800,000 kids can you
imagine the pictures of these kids being
crossed
crossing the border come on that's not
gonna happen is that also an example of
how this kind of organization can work
cuz I notice that doc I was a big point
of conversation among business leaders
here as well you get the business
community pressure and we all have
people working for us that right qualify
under that but we need to open our
borders to immigrants from around the
world we're not gonna have a future here
so and I think you have to prepare for
what happens if the worst case if for
example we don't open our borders and
let people come here from around the
world but I still think you should lobby
and try to explain to the administration
this is what business needs this is what
the American worker needs this is what
citizens of our country needs
Iran and North Korea dominated
discussion at the General Assembly but
Syria barely factored into the
conversation the war in Syria has been
grinding on for more than six years and
the UN Human Rights Commission
investigating war crimes there has
gathered 6,000 pieces of witness
testimony and published 14 reports
filled with evidence of abuses but not a
single person has been brought to
justice the lack of accountability is so
frustrating that it led one of the
Commission's own investigators to quit
this summer
Caroline Mota receipt irani sat down
with her in Geneva Switzerland del Ponte
has spent her career prosecuting some of
the world's most notorious war criminals
until two days ago she was part of the
UN Commission investigating human rights
abuses in Syria after seven years can
you imagine the amount of traps that we
collect you can have two or three crimes
committed each day
it's Bashar al-asad the number one
perpetrator yes in our report to be
presented a lot a lot of war crimes that
that president assert is responsible
the last one is akansha kuhn loeb and
phosphate attack killed by chemical
weapons and they are supporting the show
one of the more than 20 chemical weapons
attacks that president is responsible in
addition to chemical weapons attacks the
Commission has found evidence of other
war crimes on all sides of the conflict
including the bombing of medical
personnel and the torture of civilians
but the UN Security Council has failed
to act on the commission's
recommendations to prosecute anyone
involved so what led you to quit the
Commission to put an end to my
frustration because we did not achieve
to move towards justice the justice
process she's referring to is supposed
to work like this a UN Commission like
the one investigating Syria gathers
evidence to determine if war crimes have
been committed that evidence is
presented to the UN Security Council
along with the recommendation that a
tribunal be established so prosecutions
can start if approved either a new
tribunal is set up like in the case of
former Yugoslavia dictator slobodan
milosevic all the cases referred to an
existing court like the International
Criminal Court the UN Security Council
has not approved a court for Syria yet
and Russia and China two of the five
permanent members of the UN Security
Council vetoed using the ICC to try
Syrian war criminals is this political
grandstanding the Karen Kony Abu zayeed
one of the two remaining members of the
Syria Commission says is to blame for
the lack of progress do you think that
Russia is going to allow there to be a
prosecution against some of the Syrian
government given that they are so
heavily invested in protecting and
propping up that regime that's the whole
problem even with what we do that
there's a Security Council with five
members who have veto power and there
are those who are going to veto anything
that doesn't suit their own political
understanding of things if you know
people's frustration should be placed on
the Commission where should they be
placing their frustration the UN in New
York and the Security Council the member
states generally you know if if a member
states were really keen on this
happening then presumably they can weigh
in with the with the veto of holders and
get on with this
turning Abu Zeid has more faith in the
UN system the del Ponte and points to a
new investigative panel the
international impartial independent
mechanism known as the triple IM this
new mechanism is supposed to build on
the work of the Syria Commission and
prepare case files to be used to convict
war criminals if a syrian court is ever
set up now we at least have a mechanism
set up by the UN with very good people
in it so we hope that they will take our
information and have the have cases
ready for prosecution
how big a step is it that this triple I
am is just an elliptic step towards
justice further a little step towards
justice but it's ridiculous that we
don't have a terrible what are we doing
we have trying step by step to arrive
from what we achieve years ago
Warner Glen's hunting dogs are his eyes
and ears on the Arizona border lands and
mules are how he gets around when he
goes off road to track mountain lions
that feed on ranchers cattle in these
canyons Glen is used to finding pair
puma and deer but one day while hunting
for mountain lion he found something
else I thought it was just a great big
catch so I got closer and when I got
within about a hundred yards I looked
down there and I don't trust much but I
try not to I said got him mighty that's
a Jaguar so man I ran night the money oh
my god my camera I mean nobody was gonna
believe me first one I've ever seen you
know anywhere so this is March 7th 1996
that's right this is one of the first
pictures I took 14 he was closed so
Warner this is the area where you are
first spotted that Jaguar huh yeah right
there when I first saw it
Jaguars once roamed all over North
America but after a century of shooting
poisoning and traffic they were presumed
extinct in this country that is until
that day in 1996 when Glen snapped a few
photos would be pretty slim but there's
a new threat to the Jaguar in southern
Arizona president Trump's call for a
border wall and though Glen is
everything Trump could want in a voter a
hunter and NRA member an opponent of
illegal immigration
he hates the wall one thing a wall would
do would break up all over wildlife
gorgeous I mean it and then tear up a
lot of country that doesn't mean to be
torn up right now much of the Arizona
border has a type of wall that Jaguars
can get through it's meant to stop
vehicles but people and animals can all
pass freely Trump's wall though wouldn't
let people through Jaguars either that's
a problem because all Jaguars in the US
get there by crossing the Arizona border
the Jaguars are born some 200 miles
south in the northern Mexican jungle at
18 months male cats start searching for
new territory sometimes that takes them
north
and here's one of my girls right here
this is one of the ones I did on my own
the northern Jaguar project in Sonora is
trying to protect the endangered animal
by changing attitudes toward it
I very purposely picked this Jaguar
because he's looking down and into the
wash like he's continuing this way
towards the river and by doing that it
really takes away any feeling of
aggression or anything because he's not
looking at you Randy Young is a man of
big gestures when he fell for the Jaguar
he moved down to Mexico to get closer to
them he's painted for large murals of
his obsessions Jung is the northern
Jaguar projects wildlife reserve manager
ever since I got the town I decided that
I'm basically an ambassador for the
Jaguar the project purchased cattle
ranches to create the reserve to
discourage of visitors they let the
grass grow long potholes swallow the
roads rock slides are constant they like
it that way as the land returns to the
wild the Jaguars have to well we have
got some serious flow going on here Wow
I never see this much water here but I'm
gonna say we can go ahead and push
through it neglect is a strategy and
sometimes it works too well
oh we die we're screwed okay what
do you want to do now I'm gonna go get
the tractor the land is difficult for
vehicles but for carnivores cattle and
cattle ranchers it's ideal oh is that
you might have been part of Young's job
is to check in on neighboring ranchers
like Marty Monta whose family has worked
this area for generations young tries to
convince them that Jaguars belong in
their land rasulullah SAS allah
telephotos esta vez que la cara de salir
how are the project is installed
wildlife trap cameras on ranches in on
the reserve to try and capture photos of
the Jaguar they pay five thousand pesos
per photo Jung says that's what the cats
fetch on the thriving black market for
their teeth and their bones young now
spends his time hunting for Jaguar
photos it's fitting because it was
Warner Glen's picture in 1996 that
really led him here what did it feel
like the first time you heard that the
Jaguar been confirmed in the US well I
was in mountain ranges that I had just
been playing in recently so it was very
inspirational and very much raised the
level of wild of that place I had just
been in in my own mind it changed my own
landscape that I lived in how do you
feel about the Jaguar as a species I get
emotional when I talk about the Jaguar
because I've basically dedicated my life
to this because I do feel like we are in
that apocalyptic moment you know we are
on that cutting edge of we're losing all
these species right now and we have the
ability to change that each and every
one of us but if we don't step up it's
not gonna change
that's my snooze tonight for Wednesday
September 20th
you
