Democratic senators proposed an
amendment this week that would buy time
for a vulnerable group of immigrants
foreigners who have signed up for the US
military
since 2008 the Defense Department has
offered immigrants who join up an
accelerated path to citizenship instead
they may be getting the opposite a
backlog in security screening for
foreign-born recruits has cost many of
them their legal immigration status
while they wait which means that they
could end up getting kicked out of the
country they signed up to serve John and
Davis are roommates in South Bend
Indiana they came from China to study
accounting John got his master's degree
Davis dropped out they both wanted to
stay in America but they couldn't figure
out how to qualify for citizenship and
then one night while trolling through
YouTube John saw this video may go forth
on Polk had not met me something Semyon
receives what you see here to see Paul
means hunter the incident even three
young leads equal a convention okay
that's when John and Davis enlisted in
the US Army
did you see join the army as being like
part of becoming American you know of
course I see a lot of movie about us
meter in XA Brian and lone survivor all
talking about the American soldiers I
think if they had was drunk American
spirit and the American value incited
you guys metric and I won't be part of
it John and Davis joined through a
program known as maz knee short for
military accessions vital to the
national interest it allows visa holders
to trade military service for expedited
citizenship
but while the program has been heralded
as a success it now has an uncertain
future
immigrants have always been part of the
US Armed Forces but after the Vietnam
War the military restricted enlistment
to green card holders over the next
thirty years as green cards became
harder to get the number of immigrants
in the military dropped 9/11 change the
military's thinking on all of this and
in response the Department of Defense
created mockney one of the reasons the
US government could not prevent the
attacks was that they didn't have enough
people who spoke foreign languages to
translate intelligence information that
the government had received Margaret
stock is an immigration attorney and a
retired Army Reserve officer she helped
create money what the mapping program
did was it recruited legal immigrants
who were in the u.s. already and who had
passed rigorous background checks
through the Department of State and the
Department of Homeland Security the idea
was to recruit them they'd sign up for
eight years of military service in
exchange for offering their skills to
the US Armed Forces and in return they
would get American citizenship expedited
Magni officially launched in 2008 with
1,000 recruits last year the Pentagon
announced the program would be expanded
to 5,200 soldiers to give some sense of
scale that means eight percent of all
new enlistees would be immigrants
seeking citizenship that was the deal
John and Davis signed up for forgo the
usual process of staying in the country
to enlist in the army in exchange they
would have their citizenship process
expedited I was hoping I could get to
you know before the next semester starts
so I can renew my driver license for
everything but as soon as I told them
I'm joined the military they just like
terminated my students in September 2016
the Pentagon announced that they would
curtail the matheny program citing the
need for additional security screenings
then in late June a memo obtained by
several news outlets suggested the DoD
was going to cancel 1,800 contracts
leaving those enlistees in the lurch the
security assessment is classified but
there are other reasons why critics are
in favor of suspending the program
Steve Russell is a congressman from
Oklahoma and serves on the House Armed
Services Committee I'm standing in the
market and Rasheed Beck he's an Army
veteran widely credited with being on
the team that hunted down Saddam Hussein
he says Magni once served a military
purpose but it's turned into an
immigration processing program it's not
about charity or goodwill or any of
those things we want to be charitable
and we want to certainly exhibit
goodwill but not under the MAVNI program
we want it's not about charity
it is about vital technical skill the
finite numbers that that might be and
ensuring the people we bring in don't
harm the country they actually help it
over 1,000 Magni recruits are now stuck
in immigration limbo while the Pentagon
decides whether to honor their contracts
and expedite their citizenship or deport
them John and Davis don't know what will
happen to them back in China where
message boards and social media posts
have tagged Maas new recruits as
traitors if your contract is cancelled
if the Magni program itself is canceled
what are you gonna do I don't know I
even I don't want to think about that
that would be a nightmare for me a cast
graphic nightmare I really feel unsafe
going back because if I go back they
probably gonna stop me at the airport to
do like investigations you know the
Chinese government has already know the
program maybe I already know me they get
back I don't know what
you
you
