I keep the medicine with me in my safe
in my locked room because it's just
better that way first thing in the
morning
you know she's waiting for that suboxone
we give those out quickly because if not
she'll start to feel cravings withdrawal
symptoms and all that so I try to be
really regular and when she gets that
I'm not an angry person but I I'm like
outraged you know like why should I have
to do this in my own house but then it
became like look just do what works
Jeanne Holbrook is a psychiatric nurse
who has been trying to help her 31 year
old daughter Jennifer fight an opioid
addiction for more than a decade
Jennifer has been through treatment
multiple times but has always relapsed
afterward so for now living at home is
the best option especially because of
her three-year-old daughter the
Holbrook's live in Massachusetts where
the rate of opioid related deaths is
double the national average like in
other states there are dozens of
treatment options but few reliable ways
to choose which one is best since she
started using heroin at 15 years old
jenny has gone through 12 inpatient
treatment programs spent two years on
methadone and most recently went through
a detox and behavioral program while in
jail they gave me an option they said
you can do your County year which with
good time would mean I would be in jail
for eight months or there's a program at
this other Jail but there's groups all
day there's like rules like you have to
get up at 5:30 in the morning you have
to go to bed at 9 o'clock at night if
you swear you have to say check after
you swear it's supposed to be almost
like military-style run my dream would
have been that she came out of jail and
would be just perfectly fine and clean
and never have another thought about
opiates but that's that's not what
happened and I don't think that's
probably the reality for many people in
this situation most people who want to
get help with opioid use disorder don't
get advice from their doctors so when
they want to get clean they're left
trying to navigate a complicated and
loosely regulated network of
possibilities so when you look at how
the federal government or states
regulate this what they regulate for is
not quality of delivery of care but for
the safety of a clinic space so you have
huge variation and nobody is mandated to
report outcomes of how good
doing in the absence of any real
structure for finding treatment options
people are left to their own devices to
make what can possibly be a
life-or-death decision I would say that
patients get better because they were
lucky that they walked into a place that
happened to have high quality care that
evaluated all of the things that they
needed to even working in in this
I don't even still know a lot of the
different programs I think a lot of it
is correct Google searches the first
time I had to go to a detox my mother
kind of did it for me I could only go to
one detox if I had a drug problem like
there's a certain one and she called
made all these calls to try to get it so
that I could go to this other detox you
have a desperate feeling when you're
trying to get help and you're not sure
which way to go and you're not sure if
you call the number on the back of your
insurance card and they tell you to go
to the hospital and maybe somebody at
the ER can get evaluation and then
you're desperate to try to talk her into
going this is a national dilemma because
no there are no states that I'm aware of
that are doing it right a structure
focused on quality rather than just
safety some organizations are stepping
in to help solve this problem mary
wheeler is a harm reduction worker in
Lynn Massachusetts part of her job is
helping people decide between options
ranging from 12-step abstinence methods
to medically assisted treatment one of
the things we'll usually ask first is
well what have you tried do you have a
house you have a job we ask all these
questions to try and make sure we're
supporting the person to access a
program that fits their needs I don't
think it's a matter of programs not
working that people go through so many I
think it's just every person is so
different and every person needs
something a little bit different there's
a part of me where I see this person who
says this doesn't work for me and this
does and I wish that the system would
listen to them instead of saying do a B
and C you turn it over and say what do
you think works for you and for many
even when they do make a decision
actually getting a spot can be a whole
other challenge how long does it take
when somebody wants treatment can be
same day or can be
even though it's tough for Jenny and
Jean to live together they both feel
treatment at home is the best remaining
option after so many others have failed
she came out of jail you could kind of
say you know it's not really a program
but it is not your regular everyday
using so there really isn't a program in
my mind that would do anything and
nothing's perfect that's for sure and it
causes all kinds of grief in the house
part of the disease is that you make
everybody around you hate you that's
that's a symptom of the disease as
people strongly disliking you and
putting locks on your doors and all that
crap if you were here visiting you might
come in and we look okay
but you might not notice that when I
went into the bathroom I took my
pocketbook with me right now it's kind
of working but it's a pellet really I'm
literally taking it day by day I think
there's not enough addicts involved
coming up with the treatment because if
you want to know something talk to them
I've learned more from her than I did
working and being in school like wow
this was a huge education
