it seems like a paradox most doctors
agree that the best way to treat opioid
addiction is with other opioids how can
that be the answer tells us a lot about
the addiction that's driving the opioid
epidemic which killed 33 thousand people
in 2015 we often think of addiction as
all-or-nothing people are addicts or
they're sober but opioids are so
powerful that they change our brain
chemistry
that's why fixing the crisis means
changing the way that we think about
treating addiction opioid is a term for
drugs that bind to proteins called
opioid receptors in certain cells the
binding stimulates the brain's reward
system and that releases dopamine when
you start taking opioids this can
produce a euphoric feeling and leaves
your brain wanting more dopamine at the
same time opioids slow down many of your
body's processes which is why overdoses
can be fatal
if you take opioids for any prolonged
period your tolerance for them will go
up and you'll need bigger doses to get
the same effect when the opioids are
gone your body systems swinging the
opposite direction
that's withdrawal the process is so
unpleasant that avoiding it becomes a
key reason for people to keep taking
drugs even if you do get through it cold
turkey you'll still crave opioids
because your brain is trained to want
more dopamine than it makes on its own
the vast majority of people who try to
quit without assistance end up relapsing
that's where using medications comes in
there are three for opioid addiction
methadone and buprenorphine activate
your receptors to different degrees and
help you avoid withdrawal but they're
carefully dosed and worked slowly so you
don't feel as strong a high and can
function productively now trek zones
simply blocks other opioids meaning even
if you use heroin you're unlikely to get
high that's also true for the other two
meds
okay so if these meds are so great why
doesn't everyone use them medication is
expensive and access to care could be
really limited depending on where you
live and then there's the strong stigma
around them many people view medication
as a cheat and they don't want to use it
and lots of people oppose any drug use
at all and think abstinence is the only
real way to get clean like with any
other medication these can work
differently for each person some people
will be able to taper their doses but
many stay on it for life and most people
also need therapy and other social
support to stay clean still all of the
experts we talked to agreed that for
drugs as powerful as opioids you need
other drugs to help you quit
