my name is Daniel Ross and I sing and
play guitar and piano and write songs in
the band I'm Chris Taylor I play bass
and I sing I'm Chris bear I play drums
and some other things
I remember one particular element I was
really excited about sonically I Dan had
his like primary acoustic guitar I ran
it through this really beautiful delay
unit thing called a binson the whole
acoustic part started to really like
skitter something about that adding that
kind of skittering propulsive strange
otherworldly energy kind of brought yeah
leveled the song up in a way that felt
like it had its own life a little more
there is that little funny D x100 stuff
that's like that a very kind of crappy
keyboard in combination with the Farfisa
which is like a very kind of sometimes
like overly 60s sounding it's obviously
quite intense lyrics and to sing it
intensely is sort of a bit obvious and
probably I feel like off-putting so kind
of making it feel a little bit guarded
and stoic or removed just sort of adds a
sort of tension
there's this element where it's a ballad
sort of intrinsically and its core but
then there's all this rhythm and stuff
happening it's like that sort of
friction where it's swirling and moving
and I always imagined the seasons of
sort of bottom feels the tongue Altman
come no I think you had a good earlier
server like swirling leaves on yeah
basketball court I always passed it like
that yeah
you
you
