sound designer Jason Candler and
seismologist Ben Holtzman are the
creators of a show at the American
Museum of Natural History in New York
City show is launching this fall and
it's called the size meadow okay so I'm
going to show you a ground motion
visualization on gmv as if we're inside
the earth during the earthquake
the show takes visitors inside planet
Earth to experience earthquakes
this is a network of seismometers
messages the ground vibrating in each
dive and enjoy point earthquakes are
basically just energy waves that humans
almost never get to hear so making that
experience possible took some work Ben
and Jason had to convert those waves to
audible sounds which they then paired
with visuals when an earthquake hits
scientists measure it by using a machine
called a seismometer that records the
up-and-down movements of the Earth's
surface the end result is a graph that
looks like this one so instead of
looking at a graph that's you know just
squiggles up and down you're able to
actually hear what's going on to hear
the nuances that's the general idea yeah
and one of the things we study you know
in a research context is how how much of
that sothey we actually can perceive
through sound a seismic wave looks like
a sound wave essentially we're telling
the computer to convert that into a
signal that becomes how far the speaker
cone moves from its resting point that
conversion means that the audience gets
to hear the 7.0 magnitude earthquake
that hit Haiti in 20
and the record-breaking 9.0 magnitude
from Hoku earthquake that devastated
Japan in 2011 the human toll isn't lost
on the show's creators
in the kind of beginning of each size
modeling show we make some kind of
disclaimer you know these are quakes
that one of them killed 200,000 people
and we say you know this is this show is
about the natural process and you can
find them beautiful it's not without the
association of what happened to us this
will be the fifth version of the show at
the museum's Hayden Planetarium Ben and
Jason try to improve the experience each
time they say the new show will feature
significantly more advanced graphics
made using video game software why are
you doing this hopefully it's self
explanatory it blows our minds all the
time
we like blowing other people's minds
some of that happens you're like and
he's like Jay you gotta hear this
okay great let me Wow okay every time
Wow you're listening to a living planet
what's not great about that
you
