every child of the 90s figured virtual
reality would be an integral part of our
lives by now
that hasn't exactly panned out the
headsets are not cool the apps are
uninspiring and sometimes you puke when
you use it on the other hand augmented
reality or AR is now an actual thing in
our lives not just because you've
probably faced walked with your dad or
caught a Pokemon at your desk or because
you've heard this guy say this I'm so
excited about augmented reality they are
x' moment is here because you already
carry an AR device around with you this
is greg jaws ouack apple's vp of product
marketing hi camera and he is super
excited about AR I am super excited
about augmented reality because people
have dreamed about this for years next
I'd like to turn to a our two months ago
Apple announced a platform for software
developers called AR kit they are kit
takes care of a lot of the nasty
technical work involved in tracking six
dimensions of your phone's motion in
real time it also automatically detects
planes and adjusts for lighting within
weeks of a arc its arrival the internet
was flooded with splashy demos one of
the things that's really difficult about
augmented reality is it required in the
past very specialized hardware we're
able to bring it to literally hundreds
of millions of people with a software
update with existing iPhones and iPads
it puts us in an incredibly unique
position of course this is exciting for
Apple okay you're in marketing right and
so why should we trust you the good
thing about this is is you don't have to
just trust me do a search on the web
right now see the amazing amount of
things that developers are creating with
the beta's they have of iOS 11 so we did
and we found this guy
the founder of 60-day eyewear we develop
a our apps and a partner at super
ventures where we invest in AR startups
this is Matt and he doesn't work for
Apple no I don't work Apple and he's
still excited oh yeah I'm still excited
you know it's a big deal for the
industry for anyone who wants to develop
an IR app basically if you have an
iPhone or iPad which a lot of people do
as soon as you update in September
you'll become an augmented reality user
I think what we're gonna see with the
first apps that get launched in the App
Store largely
novelties remember the flashlight app in
2008 it was the most downloaded utility
app a few years later and Apple built it
right into the phone you can imagine
something similar happening with this AR
tape-measure app which drops in
September when iOS 11 launches it's
easier for Apple because they can
control the sensors for other phones
like Android Google would have to work
with each individual Android
manufacturer to try and calibrate the
Google version of this software today
Google announced a competing platform AR
core but at its launch it will still
only work with three Android phones
right now we can only experience AR
individually we can't leave maps for
other people to follow paint over things
in the real world for other people to
see or leave gifts for our significant
others but that will change as each
phone starts to build its own a local 3d
map of the world and those are passed up
to the cloud what ends up happening is
3d model of the whole world gets
gradually built by everyone's device
that data is going to enable lots and
lots of shared interactions between
people it's like you have this shared
hallucination of what you're seeing and
you know way more enjoyable than just
just experiencing it on your own when we
reach the point of being able to share
these experiences you may not ever want
to live outside of an augmented reality
how long before I can leave my wife
virtual flowers in the counter you
actually be able to do some really
romantic things for her soon as iOS 11
ships
you
