it's been a banner day for those of us
with strong opinions about the origins
of fonts this is Calibri for those of
you who don't know it by name maybe you
remember Calibri as the font that
unceremoniously stabbed times new roman'
in the back to become the default font
in Microsoft Office and the sans-serif
font is now the center of an
international political scandal which is
reverberating through the font world in
a way that hasn't been seen since comic
papyrus was renamed to Connick parchment
it all started with last year's release
for the Panama papers which identified
three children of a Pakistani Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif as owning
undeclared offshore companies and assets
including London real estate and the
Pakistani Supreme Court has ordered an
investigation into it all one of the
Prime Minister's children maryanne Nawaz
attempted to clear her name by
submitting a document which says she
doesn't actually own anything and that
she's just a trustee the documents dated
2006 and type in Calibri the only
problem is that Calibri was commercially
released in 2007 leading investigators
to conclude the documents were forged
and then the real fun began an online
debate about fonts defenders of Sharif
were quick to point out that actually
Calibri was made available in a beta
release of Windows Vista in 2004 a
Pakistani paper went straight to the
source speaking with the fonts creator
who said it's extremely unlikely that
somebody would copy fonts from a better
environment to use in official documents
but which is more believable that some
documents were backdated or the truth
lawyers were such big fans of Windows
Vista they installed a beta version
three years early as soon as Pakistani
social media users learn of the story
font gate was born as if we needed
another gate along with a renewed
interest in Calibri the Wikipedia page
so many edits were attempted in the wake
of font gate that the page is now locked
down one editor even alleged to the
edits changing the release date to 2004
we're done by members of the social
media team of Pakistan's ruling party
which is weird but I guess within the
scope of their employment it serves as a
cautionary tale to any would-be document
forgers out there
when in doubt just use a reliable font
that's been around forever and will
never let you down
Comic Sans
