hi I'm Benny safty and this is Josh
sassy no I'm Betty oh no no no I'm Benny
say our Father makes this mistake all
the time we've given into the moniker as
the safty brothers let's switch it again
this is Josh - me I'm Benny safty Enrico
directed good time good time is a movie
about a romantic psychopath who robs a
bank with his felonies disabled brother
and it goes terribly wrong and one of
them ends up in jail and the other one
ends up on the run and he spends the
duration of the movie trying to get him
out heist movie on the untasted in a
weird way I was in my hotel rooms which
I was sharing with my producer at the
and I received an email from Rob
Pattinson basically saying like hey I
don't know why but I feel this innate
connection to Hugh and you know I would
love to you know talk to you about
making something if you're interested I
mean he literally said to us like listen
whatever you're working on next I want
to be part of even if it's catering and
you know of course that's a romantic
thing to say but but it meant something
to us you know Rob isn't American and
he's not from New York so we had to kind
of build the character writing the
character background was almost harder
than writing the screenplay and he's
banged out like three different strips
yeah there was a lot of versions I've
ever send Rob a script and I mean I
actually hold on him to send you a new
draft and like 5 days later to be a
completely new script all within the
same world though so you know but yeah
it was a very arduous experience so I
don't normally I actually don't I've
never really done storyboards
certain there were certain scenes that
we had while we working with stunt
coordinators and SFX companies like they
they actually demanded
storyboard because they all need to be
able to see it in reference it visually
we did a helicopter sequence in the
movie I told them I was like alright I
have some plans of things we need to
shoot and they're like okay cool so I'm
like pulling this thing out while we're
up in the air and it's like no guys we
gotta like get down low next to the
camera next to the car so we can pull
out and expose the ferris wheel I was
like putting it in front of his face
like this I was like that he's like move
that out of my way and you know how all
these like print ups from like the OJ
Simpson chase because we had a white SUV
that we were following for a while and
I'm hearing JFK air-traffic-control
yelling and the helicopters saying like
helicopter four seven nine three we get
out clear the airspace meet okay sounds
like are they talking this he said yes
look to your right look to my right
there's a seven-foot there's a 747
that's just like pulling into JFK and
he's like that's gonna hit us we have
one take so we were like radioing down
to the car and I was like alright just
make sure first frame is this and he
literally had it lined up perfectly and
we got one take we had it there's movies
where the the screen comes to the
audience and then there's movies were
the audience is brought onto the screen
technology almost against their will
he's like what are you gonna do what
which one are you gonna make and I think
the ones were you're kind of
brought up to the screen like almost
like an alien invasion like taking over
your buddy oh my god what's happening
right now that's what we kind of want to
do and that's the movies we want to make
you
