tonight the city lowering its minimum
wage migrants toil under a plastic sea
and shredding for glory on the air
guitar circuit it's basically like porn
you know when you see it
Christopher Cantwell has been denied
bail on charges stemming from his
actions at the white nationalist
protests in Charlottesville two weeks
ago Cantwell who spoke with vice news
extensively over the course of that
weekend turned himself in late on
Wednesday he's being held on three
felony charges including the illegal use
of tear gas
Cantwell will remain in police custody
in Virginia pending a court hearing in
October in a landmark decision India's
Supreme Court ruled that citizens have a
fundamental right to privacy the
unanimous ruling is a major blow to the
government's push for a vast biometric
identification program that's been
criticized for privacy infringement the
program mandatory for things like
receiving benefits filing tax returns
and opening bank accounts has already
collected iris scans and digital
fingerprints from more than 1 billion
Indians Cutler is restoring diplomatic
relations with Iran in defiance of one
of the key demands made by Saudi Arabia
and other Arab nations that imposed a
blockade on the tiny country in June
Cutler withdrew its ambassador from Iran
in solidarity with Saudi Arabia last
year when the kingdom's embassy was
looted by Iranian protesters but the
Envoy will now return to Tehran to
resume full relations the Navy has
identified the body of the Sailor killed
after Sunday's collision between the USS
John s McCain and an oil tanker divers
found 22 year-old Kenneth Aaron Smith's
remains while searching the flooded
compartments of the ship a search and
rescue operation in the surrounding
waters has been suspended but divers
will continue to search the ship for the
nine sailors who are still missing
Washington state is asking fishermen to
catch as many Atlantic salmon as they
can
after a farming pen holding more than
300,000 fish broke open
thousands of non-native atlantic salmon
were released into the sea raising
concerns about the effect they may have
on the native pacific salmon the company
that runs the fish farm said
exceptionally high tides coinciding with
the solar eclipse caused the damage but
environmentalists said the Pens should
be built to withstand the tidal
movements across the country cities have
been pushing the minimum wage up towards
levels full-time workers could actually
live on st. Louis was one of them but on
Monday the city's going to backtrack
lowering the minimum wage from $10 an
hour to $7 74 city mandated increase
that happened just three months ago
it's the estimate very stressful not
having enough not have enough for when
I'm paying extra in late fees cuz you
live right close you'll have the only
appeal a long time
yeah money has never come easy for Myron
barbi just a few months ago he was
working days at a hotel as a cook and
nights at schnooks a 24-hour grocery
store then in early May the city of st.
Louis raised the minimum wage from seven
seventy to ten dollars that still meant
someone working full time would make
only $400 a week or a little more than
twenty thousand dollars a year before
taxes but the extra money was
significant for Myron I saw on my cheek
I saw be different than me on my cheek
I'm sorry decided to keep my job at the
hotel my new plan was to go to school I
was IT certification class I was doing
to cook my future but after just two
weeks of classes he learned his raise
was only gonna last for another month
how did you find out um through a letter
posted a blur so one day you just went
into ya work and there was a letter
posted in the break from no one talk to
you about has anyone talked to you about
it no just two months after the
left-leaning City raised its pay floor
the Republican held state passed a bill
that prohibited all city specific
minimum wage increases undermining years
of work by local officials despite what
liberals would tell you it was actually
taking money out of people's pockets I
mean these laws actually do the reverse
of what they're intended to do st.
louis's mayor Lida Crewson isn't happy
the state decided to step in when
someone that the governor says
increasing the minimum wage is bad for
our economy we will lose jobs we'll lose
business how do you respond to that in
the state of Missouri would have a
minimum wage which is seven dollars and
seventy cents clearly that is not enough
money to support a family on or even
yourself at the national level there's
always a big rhetoric about pushing
things down to the state level but
clearly it stops there are you saying
that it's hypocritical
of Republicans or the right to want
local control until it doesn't suit them
or it doesn't fall in line with their
interests I'm saying it's interesting
what works in st. Louis Missouri a dense
urban area may not be the exact same law
that we need in most smaller towns most
economists today would say that there is
a point at which the minimum wage is so
high that it starts to hurt not only
businesses but even workers because it
encourages companies to cut back on jobs
in hours but many businesses in st.
Louis think $10 an hour isn't high
enough to do that I can't believe that
politicians wouldn't say ok they passed
this $10 minimum let's see how it goes
over the next couple of years Joe
Edwards is a st. Louis native he's built
a mini Empire of quirky small businesses
along one of the city's most popular
strips and he employs about 400 people
Joe's sticking with $10 there's a group
in st. Louis called save the raise and
I've talked with them and they're going
around talking to most businesses small
businesses in st. Louis and finding out
are you gonna put it back to 770 or you
can leave it at 10 and the last time I
talked to them 92% of small businesses
we're going to leave it at 10 that's
astounding
that's wonderful why is it important to
you to other businesses in st. Louis pay
more than the 770 minimum wage I think
the business to pay more will do better
both employees and customers because it
would get better customer service they
would get more knowledgeable customer
service it's a restaurant they would
know all about the menu and the drink
specials and the ingredients are going
to it that's priceless not every company
in st. Louis sees it that way many
larger national and regional chains are
expected to roll back their wages
including schnooks
where myron expects to make around 850
an hour again
if you're living check the check right
now when you're making 1060 how are you
gonna do it when you're making $8 or 850
finally a lot of my thoughts are more
permanent a minute for almost 10 plus
years already to me they said but I
don't want it my lovable person is just
out today as a 4 times 20 plus your team
for me this is not my calling I know I
can do much better but I wanna get more
be more in life
in his short time in office President
Trump has already established a pattern
make off-the-cuff statements or tweets
about policy and then leave the details
for someone else to figure out last
month for instance Trump tweeted that he
planned to ban transgender soldiers but
only now is the administration setting a
time limit for the military to make that
plan workable you can see the same
pattern at work in Trump's response to
the opioid epidemic a couple of weeks
ago she gathered reporters that his Golf
Club in New Jersey to talk about the
crisis declaring an emergency was one of
the key recommendations from the
president's special commission on
opioids but while Trump said the opioid
crisis was an emergency
he didn't actually declare it an
emergency in order to do that the
president first has to issue a formal
declaration send it to Congress and then
have it published in the Federal
Register it's not a big long complicated
thing there are clear criteria and he
can simply trigger the process Congress
doesn't have to pass a law or resolution
in any way it is within the sole power
of the President of the United States
Trump hasn't done any of that as the
White House confirmed to vice news this
week that's important because when it
comes to the opioid crisis a formal
declaration might make a big difference
it could lift a Medicaid ban on funding
for drug treatment and rehab facilities
with more than 16 beds and allow the
Secretary of Health and Human Services
to negotiate cheaper prices for overdose
antidotes like naloxone a formal
emergency could also release Medicaid
funds to treat the opioid addiction
raging through the prison system and it
could let authorities get their hands on
money from the federal disaster relief
fund
but for any of that to happen Trump will
have to do something he struggled with
turn words into action for members of
Congress the August recess is the season
for facing down voter anger at townhall
meetings and this summer Democratic fury
over president Trump is enough to keep
many Republicans effectively in hiding
but not all of them despite the
amateurism in the White House the Senate
is still full of hardened political
veterans and they know how to take a
tough question or two
chuck Grassley is one of the few
Republicans senators publicising and
holding town halls this month he's been
in the Senate since 1981
and he doesn't scare easily even when it
comes to a town hall organized by
Democrats I imagined
maybe 1/4 or 1/2 of you been to town
meetings before you can ask me personal
questions if you want to
in fact Grassley has made it a point of
cried to visit all of Iowa's 99 counties
every year to hold town halls like this
one in Mount Ayr where about 73 people
showed up on Wednesday or earlier today
in Bedford with about 90 people
you'd expect with so many Democrats and
both audiences there'd be a lot of
shouting or booing but the voters here
rewarded their senators good faith by
keeping almost all of their questions
focused on what he could actually do
we've had one person die this month and
I fear more will come unless we begin to
speak out against this and have ways to
counter it I guess I come with imploring
you that the Judicial Committee should
have hearings on this rise of this
cancer among us to hearings this fall
hopefully yet during September we will
have the Attorney General before our
committee for an annual what we call an
annual oversight hearing and it's
obviously something that's going to come
up very much during that hearing as well
his answers weren't always satisfying
but they seemed to be enough I have
voted for him even though I've been a
lifelong Democrat what did you think
about his answer to you I felt like he
heard me although it was all about the
past well we've had this hearing and
we've had that hearing and I really
would like for him to have said that
yeah we'll we'll do another hearing
there's no question that Donald Trump
makes Chuck Grassley life harder but as
we watched in both towns he was able to
diffuse his constituents anger by being
clear straightforward and knowing his
stuff Senate Judiciary Committee staff
members met for 10 hours I would like to
know what they discovered in that
meeting and I would like the transcripts
released will you do that yes
the answer is it'll take a vote of the
committee to do it we can't release it
until we give Simpson and his lawyer a
copy of it I asked you of you it's to
release the transcripts will you
personally vote for the release of the
transcripts I don't know why I wouldn't
but I don't want to say so I've never
gone through this process before so I'm
not going to answer your question until
I get a firm footing
of what the precedent is almost every
Republican run on a replaced Obamacare
yeah you haven't done it ones are gonna
happen those of us who are paying almost
20,000 a year for health insurance want
it done when we get one more hole why
don't we have that one more though
because of I think the senator for
playing games has Down syndrome
is that a pre-existing condition since
conception can you look at this little
guy and say you were thinking about
people like him when you voted to repeal
the Affordable Care Act the answer is
yes very definitely and based on that
would be the fact that the changes that
were going to be made and Medicaid or
even even the private health insurance
wouldn't affect the pre-existing
conditions but what I'm telling you now
really is not an issue because we didn't
get the votes to pass anything in the
United States Senate even Laura who
volunteers for the local Democratic
Party acknowledges Grassley's ability to
keep cool do you think there is an asset
to iOS because he is as good of a
politician as he is I do think so I
think so he was able to come have a town
hall and no one was yelling and shouting
and we were able to hear each other
voters left both events we attended
still feeling frustrated with DC but not
really frustrated with their senator it
helps explain why Grassley has been able
to stick around for so long and why even
in the face of a weakened Republican
presidency some in his own party aren't
feeling as much pressure as you might
think they are
this year the number of migrants
arriving in Spain has more than tripled
to 8,000 most are using a route the
country is tolerated for decades which
serves as a low-wage labor pipeline for
places like El Mar de plastico known as
the largest concentration of greenhouses
in the world the plastic sea supplies
much of the fresh produce sold in
European supermarkets but there's a
steep human cost to cheap salad how
merry is 2 billion dollar vegetable
industry is a stark contrast to the
neighboring coastal resorts where 10
million tourists holiday annually there
are 100,000 acres of greenhouses here
visible from space producing more than
3.5 million tons of fruit and vegetables
for supermarkets in northern and western
Europe it's powered by an army of
120,000 migrant workers up to half of
them illegal and living in squalid
settlements close to the greenhouses
where they work in temperatures well
above 100 degrees Fahrenheit no puedo
anta vida buena Jose Garcia a union
worker tours these slums trying to
inform workers of their rights
Activia no personal wardrobe there
almost a color or a field it with a geek
moment
Yoshio does know where trevita Baraka
will be most my pious work EIU dozen
wear trophy the para que trabaja ma su
was a Masonic or San Lucas Ian pero la
casa d our division division locals
often hail the plastic sea is an
economic miracle in a desert region once
known only as a location for spaghetti
westerns but few people outside this
region are aware of the conditions the
camp's have no toilets no running water
and only sporadic electricity supply
these settlements in the heart of the
European Union looked more like war zone
refugee camps Muhammad Ali has worked in
the greenhouses since arriving by boat
from North Africa in 2005 you bugginess
para illegal conceit Emilio ro que cada
dia pass on his testimony about illegal
payments is typical of thousands of
workers began to lament en todo el
pescado y ahora de trabajo y vamos a ver
Hondo I befo condiciones Bahama las
condiciones Pacifica la na minha in
trabajo Dora CB Doha readin on body Fe
de firma a gittin quadrant e de los dias
trabajo y yo kwon do gonna love essena
o'neill okay Kyra se habla mode ESO la
respuesta y SI quieres trabaja OB an
auto Casa ad nauseum local authorities
told us the European Union and Spanish
government if allow decide to expand
exponentially fueled by illegal labor in
order to meet demand from supermarket
suppliers farmers meanwhile often the
first accused for mistreatment of
workers
blame supermarkets and consumers for
squeezing production costs Jose Antonio
Lopez Vargas who runs a small
independent farm not accused of any
wrongdoing says the prices paid for
vegetables have stayed the same for a
decade
yo elderly midoriyama in Las Ronda Plata
seein donde la grecque or Toledano
Canosa los trabajo Dora he tear up in de
que la gente no se ponen en el PA Jose
del que diga a trabajar a la finca eat
Aminta siento muy mal cuando la la la la
etapa deed or medical accompli in OT
para lo que para poner we live in
written statements the European Union's
that the Spanish government must ensure
it enforces the law while the Spanish
government referred us to local
authorities and said its inspections are
quote appropriate this weekend
undefeated veteran boxer Floyd
Mayweather is facing off against MMA
star Conor McGregor in a fight being
described as both a publicity stunt and
the biggest sporting event of the year
most boxing fans think it's a foregone
conclusion that Mayweather will win so
to attract more action casinos are
offering sideshow bets called prop
better
instead of betting on who wins or loses
you can place wagers on whether the
fighters will touch gloves whether
they'll be a knockdown before the fifth
round whether either fighter will lose
his protective mouthpiece you can also
bet on sillier things you can make a
so-called over/under bet on whether
President Trump will tweet seven or more
times during the fight you can bet on
whether Demi Lovato will sing the
national anthem in under a minute 54 or
whether rapper Lil Wayne will be wearing
a shirt if he shows up top bets used to
be small-time but they've become big
business with billions wagered on them
every year so even if the side bets make
even more of a mockery out of Mayweather
McGregor the bookies will be laughing
all the way to the bank
tomorrow night in Finland thousands will
gather for championships of a niche
sport air guitar part cosplay and part
showing off for funds competitive air
guitar is a pursuit with a uniquely
dedicated following
at the u.s. national air guitar finals
22 people compete for a chance to
represent their country at Worlds these
are the best of the best in air guitar
in 2013 Doug the thunderstruck was one
of them that year he was the second best
air guitarist in the world now he runs
competitive air guitar for the entire US
it's a bit of a weird hobby every time I
tell someone I do this they're like what
the moment you get up on stage and
you're instant rock star it's like the
thrill of business is amazing
yes it's what it looks like adults
playing dress up with spandex face
glitter and imaginary guitars and air
guitars take it seriously
what are they judging you on so there's
three criteria the first criteria it is
so like does it look like you are
playing along with the music the second
part is deja presents like do use the
whole stage and then the third one is
called Ernest and Ernest is a Tennessee
claw of air guitar it's basically like
porn you know when you see it and so
when the dark horse competition happens
in DC the last chance for air guitarists
to qualify for Nationals competition is
fierce one of those competitors is at
the eunich up situs she's a first grade
teacher at a DC public school but on
stage she calls herself
Freddie Boop shreddy Boop is really
polite and dainty and she loves to wear
lots of makeup and just make sure her
nails are done but she'll also you know
rip your heart out this is shorty boots
costume and it's actually a traditional
Greek dance costume
how much is her is a bigger version of
my costume is actually something that's
been passed down to me for my family
I've tweaked it a little bit so when I
put it on I feel like it's me you know
but in a different way I think there's a
lot of sweetness that shreddy boot
offers or when music comes on she's just
really serious and sexual and sensual
and unapologetic I was diagnosed with
anxiety about 10 years ago and so all
these years when I thought that it just
wasn't me to do something like this it
actually wasn't it was just a matter of
me figuring out how to look past the
anxiety and were through it
not only did shreddy works through it
she won one of the last few spots in
Nationals
but here it's the big leagues of air
guitar and the judges can be tough but
even without a win shreddy keeps coming
back that's the thing about air guitar
anybody can be a rock star
in fact the eventual winner the person
representing the u.s. at the World
Championship
wasn't the heaviest shredder they didn't
have the longest hair or the flashiest
costume it was a 30-something mother of
two from suburban Chicago called mom
jeans Jeanne it shouldn't be about
winning like everybody is so great
that's like everybody's having so much
fun that's the fun part
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
August 24th tune in tomorrow night for
the award-winning documentary series
vice there is no fear anymore this is a
citizen's revolution you can feel it on
the screen
they're shooting marbles and the kids
you
