if you live in Alaska and come across
the dead animal you call Cathy burek
that should keep that stuff safe from
any goo so my kneecap severe free stinka
fide deer back brace knee pads sample
kits just loaded up Cathy is one of
three veterinary pathologists in all of
Alaska she's hired by various local and
federal agencies to examine the
carcasses of wild animals all right that
should do it
that means she's the person who sounds
the alarm when animal populations
unexpectedly decline because of things
like climate change what we do is try to
figure out why animals die I work with a
lot of different wildlife species up
here humpbacks fin whales beluga whales
polar bears cathy has studied hundreds
of animal deaths but in recent years
she's noticed things that are hard to
ignore there are indications that we are
seeing changes in the environment with
climate change there are several things
that can happen that could cause
increased disease incidences in
different places you have animals moving
you have vectors moving a disease and
just being able to survive better in the
environment in 2015 for instance Cathy
recorded a worrisome trend sea otters
were dying at five times the rate they
normally do and her research showed that
the increase was linked to unusually
warm water Alaska isn't the only place
experiencing an uptick in animal deaths
mass animal die-offs have been on the
rise everywhere from the Great Barrier
Reef to the Siberian tundra last year in
the Russian Arctic
scientists linked an anthrax outbreak to
a pathogen release from rapidly thawing
ice it infected thousands of reindeer
which people rely on for food and caused
the death of at least one boy
investigations like the ones that Kathy
performs played a key role in figuring
out what happened
so the hazards are that you're dealing
with a lot of sharp instruments the
other hazard for people that haven't
been around dead animals is fainting you
know it's kind of a normal human
reaction when you see the innards of
things and things smell a little bit not
so good some people pass out
yeah it's there
we got an animal the biggest thing that
people misunderstand about my job is
that they've been watching too much CSI
or Quincy your bones and you know
they'll expect that we're gonna get an
answer like an hour and these things
take a while sometimes you don't figure
out the absolute answer love to see what
the blubber thickness is but you can
also see the shoulders shoulder bones
very prominently but maybe it's an adult
male cathy is careful not to attribute
everything she's seen to climate change
she approaches every carcass with an
open mind all right so I think the next
thing is to try to roll him all right so
what does a boy yep so as with any dead
animal the sample she takes from the sea
lion will get tested for bacteria
viruses and contaminants that data will
in turn help authorities and scientists
keep track of local and in some cases
global trends a little fat there it's
just crazy we don't know the absolute
cause of death at this point so now we
got to do sampling it's difficult to
talk about how climbing cheese is gonna
affect or is affecting particular
species you'll just do like a bag and a
tag but we hope that by pulling together
all these little individual cases I can
eventually have a bigger picture we can
talk about all right I'm done that big
picture isn't just important for
maintaining animal populations and Kathy
knows that every time she approaches a
carcass she keeps an eye out for
diseases that could infect humans too
I think people should care about what's
going on with wildlife species because
they can be an indicator of what's going
on in the environment and it can reflect
on what might potentially happen to us
you
