I'm Katie Crutchfield from wax achi
when I wrote brass beam I was kind of
like in the middle of writing the album
it it is an album about the end of a
relationship
brass famous is maybe the one that feels
sort of like the most messy and personal
and just sort of like someone is venting
the lyrics I think are the driving force
and you work real hard to herd your
friends into a gallery narcissistic
injury disguised as a masterpiece the
part about narcissistic injury my my
therapist said that to me actually and I
immediately just got like oh wow that is
so perfectly put and I have sick I have
suffered that massage one of the big
like influences musically was actually
alternative country music I was like
really listening to a lot of listen to
Williams and I wanted there to be that
kind of like turn of phrase and like
sort of swing in the beat
when you record live sometimes like the
guitars sound a little washed out so we
did a lot of guitar overdubs just like
adding like different tones and sort of
layering those guitars in it that's what
kind of makes it sound you know bigger
there is a little studio magic that like
has to happen in order to make it sound
good
Katie Harkin who played lead guitar on
albums she here and there would like
hear things like for keyboard parts on
the album and there's this organ part
and brass Beamer she just holds a cord
like just one single cord throughout the
chorus she wanted it to sound like you
know a window was being opened and like
the Sun was coming in and that was
exactly how it sounds to me
I mean it's really cathartic to like
listen to a song where you know you can
so succinctly like relate the thing I
was really hoping to achieve by putting
all of these sort of messy experiences
like out into the world I was really
hoping that people would find comfort in
really
you
you
