tonight a GOP senator in trumps America
what we want to do from our president is
clarity and moral authority that moral
authorities compromised when Tuesday
happened Isis says its soldiers carried
out an attack in Barcelona that killed
at least 13 and injured a hundred others
a van jumped the curb and drove into
crowds of people over several blocks in
Las Ramblas an area popular with
tourists flocking to Iraq war veteran
todos poor papa
Paula Ram Dass hacer muy bien imuy Dora
the area was evacuated during a massive
manhunt two suspects have been arrested
but the driver remains at large
Saudi Arabia has reopened its border
with Qatar so that pilgrims can attend
Hajj it's the first sign of improved
relations since June when Saudi Arabia
led a diplomatic and trade blockade of
the tiny Gulf nation the Saudi king
ordered that private jets be sent to
Doha at his expense to ferry contrary
pilgrims
Cutler's Foreign Minister welcomed the
decision even as he called it quote
politically motivated a settlement has
been reached in a landmark lawsuit
against two American psychologists who
helped design the CIA's post 9/11
interrogation program including
waterboarding John Bruce Jessen and
James Mitchell denied wrongdoing
Mitchell said quote I am confident that
our efforts were necessary legal and
helped save countless lives terms of the
settlement weren't disclosed with the
ACLU which filed the suit on behalf of
three detainees that the outcome quote
shows that there are consequences for
torture
white nationalist Christopher Cantwell
is wanted for arrests on charges in
Virginia Cantwell spoke extensively with
Vice movies as the violence in
Charlottesville unfolded last weekend
authorities in Virginia confirmed today
that Cantwell is wanted for illegal use
of pepper spray which is a felony charge
Cantwell told White's news he acted in
self-defense
and plans to turn himself in yesterday
we tried to reach all 292 Republicans in
Congress to ask how they felt about
Donald Trump's defense of white
supremacist protestors one called effect
but this morning South Carolina Senator
Tim Scott the only black Republican in
the Senate did much more than that he
invited us to his hometown to make his
position on the President and racism
clear
in the past you've called the president
comes disgusting indefensible racially
toxic and that was before Saturday and
Tuesday what words you had for his
Tuesday performance initial response of
rejecting hatred and bigotry and racism
was a good response I think it was not
good enough Monday he obviously came to
the same conclusion and decided to
clarify his comments his Monday comments
would have been perfect on Saturday yeah
his Tuesday comments started erasing
parts of his Monday comment yes I think
he was very clear on the rejection of
hatred and bigotry and racism his
comments on Tuesday don't his comments
on Tuesday you said it starts to erase
well Jeff Lewis then why should people
believe that the comments on Monday were
actually something that he believed no
doubt about it I'm not going to defend
the indefensible I'm not here to do that
I'm here to be clear and to be concise
and succinct because comments on Monday
we're strong his comments on Tuesday
started racing the comments that we're
strong what we want to see from our
president is clarity and moral authority
and that moral authorities compromise
when Tuesday happens there's no question
about that
we should all call that on the carpet I
certainly don't have moral authority now
I think he has it he's losing it in caps
elected him as president so there's no
question that we gave him more authority
the problem is that in this situation in
the last three or four days what we've
seen is that more authority being
compromised by the lack of clarity by
what we have seen as the pivot backwards
which is very unsettling for many
Americans to include me one of the most
powerful things a president has as
literally the leader of the free world
are his words so what he says if in the
case of neo-nazis walking the streets
the president can't give us the words to
know that like he's weeding all of us
then how do you continue to work with
him if tax reform is in the best inches
of this country and it is you work with
him to get it accomplished if solving
our health care crisis in this nation is
in the best interest of the people of
this country you work with the president
get that done so just to be clear as
well someone who seemed to sympathize to
a certain extent with some of what we
saw that is better to have in the White
House than a Democrat we cannot even
though some people want to go back and
rewrite history we can't rewrite history
on November the 8th of 2016 this is our
president I'm going to work with them
wherever we are in agreement I'm going
to speak out against them when we are
not in agreement and that's the bottom
line looking at what happened in
Charlotte so just for the visual out of
that how did you feel when you saw the
protests and the Nazi flags it was a
stark reminder of where the country has
been in a place where we don't need to
go back to and the imagery of the whole
scene was devastating to a lot of people
I have received a number of phone calls
from African Americans who are old
enough to have seen it and experienced
it the first time
I can't articulate the devastation in
the voices that I heard I can't explain
to you how many people went back as if
it were yesterday and we can't go back
there again but we are there I mean I
don't think we're there here's here's a
big difference fifty years ago when this
country found itself in racial unrest
there was silence almost in every good
corridor so to speak of this country
except the african-american corridor and
a lot of folks from the Jewish community
stood up as well this time around this
is a very different country in a very
different response we may have some
challenges without any question racism
is real it is alive it is here but the
response from the vast majority of this
country is diametrically opposite of the
response in the 60s we've had the United
States military generals leaders
standing up and rejecting completely
racism we've had corporate America which
was fairly silent back in the 60s
standing up very strong very loud and
very proud we're in Charleston yes this
was the first state to secede one should
these statues be coming down I'll tell
you this is my one of the most powerful
scenes I've ever been a part of was the
50th anniversary in Selma having a
front-row seat to President Obama
standing in front of the Edmund Pettus
Bridge with all the dark history on that
bridge was the most powerful racial
scene I've been a part of and maybe my
lifetime I think that Pettis bridge
having been renamed something else would
have not served us well in history so I
am NOT of the opinion that somehow
removing these monuments or markers are
a way of cleansing history I think
keeping the markers and monuments is a
wonderful way of reminding us of how
dark the human soul can get and how
bright the light can be afterwards but a
lot of people have not been in
as clear as you've been in this
interview about what the about what the
president said or other Republicans not
saying it the way you are saying it to
me because they are afraid of alienating
the president's face I don't think so I
almost think that each of us have had
different experiences
I remember being called everything in
the the book from a racial perspective
in high school and even in college and
in the workplace my memories of the
stain of racism and the indignities that
some people can cast upon others is a
part of who I am my response should be
very pointed and very clear because my
history my personal history president
Trump's made his own views on
Confederate monuments abundantly clear
today hosting a series of three tweets
complaining that America's history and
culture are being ripped apart but the
President may already be behind the
curve as communities take action on
their own cities like Lexington Kentucky
where this evening the City Council
slated to vote on removing two of its
Confederate monuments the measure is
likely to pass but that doesn't mean the
decision was quick or easy
for two years Lexington Mayor Jim Gray
has moderated a debate over the city's
two Confederate statues the
Charlottesville inspired him to
accelerate efforts to move them right
and that's not what we're trying to do
we you know we're going to keep the
fashion we're just going to relocate
what was happening here in your office
the day that the Charlottesville news
broke out we met here and we began
discussing our response code we needed
that response was really necessary
Mayor Gray has worked to transform the
city's downtown area into a local in
visitors center but the grounds come
with a contentious history so what does
this space represent this is two side
and it's really sacred ground it's the
site where up until the Civil War
slaves were auctioned one of the largest
slave auction sites in the family so
what you have is two Confederate men who
fought to preserve slavery standing on
the same ground as men women and
children were sold into slavery and I
looked at that others looked at that and
said this is just not right so what do
you say in response to the folks with a
to you actually removing these two
statues amounts to the erasure of
history well that's not true because our
plan is to relocate these statues and
put them in a proper context where the
truth will be told
at the Civil War was fought over slavery
for the people fighting to keep these
monuments up slavery is just a footnote
for often Billy sessions and James Dale
Brock called himself highwayman on a
cross-country tour to protest the
removal of Confederate monuments they
were in Charlottesville this weekend for
the protest I say leave the monuments
where they be if someone wants to put up
a monument of an African man there's a
spot right there put it right there do
you ever have a second thought
or or feel a little bad about up it was
always rather emesis love to it does not
stand for white supremacy you can ask
and ask and ask what do you both think
are the actual consequences of moving
Confederate monuments like what happens
it's a year from now it's a slippery
slope
basically it's not really about the
Confederate monument totally when you
start removing them in a stomping with
these they're they're attacking Chris is
this the first they're attacking
everything
it's American and American history
American right outside influence aside
the debate among people in Lexington has
been civil
at a Tuesday night work session the City
Council heard from people on both sides
leadership in the city but a good
actress career same decision Jefferson
Washington can't erase the history does
Venice labelers but we should represent
because Confederate history is American
history as an african-american I can't
change the color of my skin
those of you who are not black or not of
any color other than white put yourself
in my shoes
let us pretend that you are the victim
of an abuser and basically that's what
they represent to us would you like for
the abuser to be honored you think
everyone can replicate the actions of
Lexington Kentucky
I think standing up and speaking out on
issues about our values that's the
responsibility of leaders I don't think
what I'm doing is anything unusual it
just happens to be it's on my watch
and sometimes you know that's just where
it lands
today bright yellow commuter bicycles
appeared on the streets of Seattle
rentable for just a dollar an hour they
come from a two billion dollar Chinese
startup called Otho which is hoping the
rollout will give them an American
toehold in the global bike sharing
market
Dexter Thomas reports from the company's
home base in Beijing where low-cost bike
sharing is ubiquitous and big business
travel raela no come on I'm solid on it
jung ding Chun is a maintenance worker
he works for o fo the biggest company in
a new wave of bike share services most
bike share programs around the world use
docks to collect and dispense bikes but
with opal you can leave your bike
anywhere you want and if you see an opal
bike you want to use you just scan a
code with your phone unlock it and take
off for about 15 cents an hour this kind
of bike sharing is new in China but it's
already becoming indispensable your
insomnia Lord has started okay see ya
male Nelvana non-hodgkin our virgin
county Palatine satrapy oleifera hall
talking ultra royal milk washer at an
opal was created in 2014 by college
students at pecking university it didn't
expand off campus until last November
and just eight months later open with
the biggest bike share company in the
world
o phone now operates in 150 cities
including a few outside of China and it
claims to have more than 100 million
users who make 20 million bike trips per
day thousands of new yellow bikes roll
off the line every day just to meet
demand from Oppo the original way of
using bike is not that convenient if
there's a bike that people can access
anywhere in the city at a very low cost
on and can return with a very good
convenience I must love it
Jung Yong Chi is a CEO of o fo he used
the word for uber and joined the company
last November when they expanded off
college campuses Chinese tech giant
Alibaba has poured millions into the
company and Apple CEO Tim Cook visited
the company's headquarters earlier this
year
how many people do you have actually
registered on the platform and over 100
users it's a big number but China will
have 1.3 billion so we still have
something to go but uh okay all right
in a way it's the return to the culture
that made China the so called bicycle
Kingdom in the bike's heyday there were
more than 500 million bikes in the
country compared to roughly 370 million
today
Jean Valjean washer kimchi Gong Gong - I
suppose so
dr. room Jin is the director of the
Beijing traffic engineering Association
Napa Valley me with hydrogen which is
daunting so to see some people Jose
Anton Jackson - auntie Jillian side up
in the chamber dwellers and for Yolanda
McClinton yong yong yoga construction of
onion so you came to me on my social
science education and Ontario quick
fashion charges of impudent if you want
a tsunami civilian code attention again
so men in the geology ecology - okay -
into tyranny vacuum how the shelter the
wrong admits there been a few issues
with the bike boom when you can leave a
bike anywhere people tend to leave them
everywhere
sidewalks and public walkways and
popular areas often get completely
blocked off by bikes and in some areas
they've even been reports of hundreds of
bikes being thrown into massive piles in
fact opal had a trial run at the
University of California San Diego but
the University kicked them out partially
because people were parking the bikes
all over campus but they still have high
hopes for Seattle the goal here is that
we're going to go to overtone Contras by
the end of this year we want to lock
every corner of the world and then we
want to provide a bike for people to use
anytime anywhere
you're colluding here Mindy agave
Shelley is a veteran of the Russian
media let's keep it super simple yes if
we start bringing up all these crazy
details
it keeps people going to go and think
you used to work at RT the Russian fund
a television station now he's the boss
at sputnik's DC bureau this is the first
Russian government-funded radio station
in the United States so you're hoping to
get those congressmen and stuff
listening to Sputnik in the morning oh I
would love those why are you bitching
since admit I don't know man I guess
before 105.5 was Sputnik it was the
public radio home for bluegrass and
country music in DC so why do the
Russians want it India wants to prove
Russian state media is in a firehose of
fake news we really wanted to be on FM
because next time an idiot writes that
oh these are the guys who propelled from
into his position people will tune in
and hear what we say on the air will be
that doesn't sound like a problem
Sputnik the network has been around for
a while it's global with content in more
than 30 languages on the radio you won't
hear anyone say you're listening to
Russian government-funded broadcasting
but you will hear the Russian
pronunciation of that famous satellite
about 15 times a day
the radio
the shows on Sputnik FM aren't about
Russia they're about America the
signature show is called fault lines
garland Nixon who calls himself a Bernie
bro squares off daily against Lee
Stranahan
the only avowed Trump supporter on the
air I think the Russian narrative is a
complete load of crap the guys disagree
about a lot of things Russia is not one
of them we're in another boogieman phase
and Russia's the current boogeyman and
everybody look at stability here -
Russia the takeaway from listening to
Sputnik is that other news is corrupt
and that listeners should fear the
American media infrastructure yesterday
we started the week by talking about the
dopey lying mainstream establishment
media that lies to the American people
and does propaganda the Americans which
shows us button to get them told us no
one tells them what to say or how to say
it and what they want to say most of the
time come from the far left I'm a
socialist I've been part of the anti-war
movement since I was a teenager during
the Vietnam War
you have Jeff sessions who hates
immigrants is a xenophobe himself why
does the Russian government pay Brian
Becker to be on the air five hours a
week I'm a critic of u.s. foreign policy
perhaps that's a voice that the Russian
government wants to have the American
people also listen to but I don't really
know it's not like Russia is a great
example for American progressives to
aspire to but Sputnik offers them the
chance to hold a mirror up to their own
country in ways mainstream outlets
usually don't has to be one of the most
open secrets out there though quite
frankly at the Pentagon is really just
one giant pig trough or every military
contractor and Lobby is connected to
contractors the feed from Eugene Puryear
once ran for DC City Council as a Green
Party candidate now he hosts by any
means necessary a show that includes a
lot of voices from black lives matter
and similar movements people you
generally won't hear anywhere else
he says for guys like him a platform as
a platform do you care if there's a you
know a Russian political leader who's
like yeah man this shows on we're making
the u.s. look weak
America is doing quite a bit of
destabilization and so it's not that
surprising that in a pow
struggle of major powerful countries
over big interest that all parties
involved are going to be trying to
influence each other one way or another
that's true into an academic sense right
but you're the person on the arrow so I
wonder what if you're the tool that
destabilization does that bother you at
all well I would say this for people who
are concerned that like erring more
content about police shootings or
whatever it may be it's going to rip
America apart there's a huge weakness
that Russia is exploiting it that's what
you think then there's one simple
solution and that solves the problem I
think what we're doing is just bringing
to light issues of concern in America
that are going to be divisive whether
there's a Sputnik or whether there's not
a splenic state-owned media is nothing
new the US has it and so does its allies
media won't tell us how much Sputnik FM
costs and we don't know how many people
are listening yet but we're seeing how
Russia is using its data on media in our
country it gave an FM station to an
existing American resistance which funny
about this is like you know the original
Sputnik right it was this thing that
created us great terror at America when
it went over but it was actually just
like a sort of benign beeping satellite
in Russia I steal a medal from national
pride
oh we were the first in space and here
in the states it's like ah the Russians
a communist so this is not the Russians
are coming this radio station is not the
Russians are coming
well yeah will really kick that's vice
news tonight for Thursday August 17 tune
in tomorrow night for the award-winning
documentary series vice
the photography the student baby hello
so I stumbled across the graveyard just
like this 13 or 14 years ago this is for
Rangers have been killed while
protecting gorillas from rebels back
then one in seven Rangers have been
killed doing their job there were so
many rebels and some few Rangers and the
world just wasn't paying attention
because all for playing the trend
villagers love their particular
you
you
