hey everybody
Thomas I'm in Wilson Wyoming tonight
next to Jackson's more importantly
smacking on the level line of totality
for today's build an eclipse meaning we
will be directly in the path of the moon
as it blocked okay okay okay that's the
freaking smooth that would say to share
this beautiful celestial moment with us
you've invited nuclear physicist Taylor
Wilson coming over from Reno gasps got
her fire second main necessary yeah yeah
I think when it gets dark it's going to
be pretty much like nighttime so so
almost in 30 so put on your glasses you
can hard to see the clip those already
up oh look at the upper right hand to
the yeah gone I thought we had another
30 minutes full of things started like
your socks thank you yeah we're in for
the clips today all right there we go
cuff link Colossus yeah all right
goodwill Chile let's get it going haha
we're within a couple minutes of
totality of the full Eclipse yeah Sun is
just a little sliver behind the moon oh
it's getting dark outside
it's like dimming what's amazing seconds
away oh I know well the corona just
appear well your eyes will have to be
got just so when it goes dark outside it
will take time for now listen make sure
this horses aren't coming on us okay
only got a glass I can just take off the
glasses wow that is the korone holy
look at that
that's incredible tornad I didn't
realize how many people are out in these
fields watching this but Leigh you can
hear everybody
it's like Earth just oneness through
what you're sick it's like your earth
won the Superbowl everybody's excited
that is
the corona those are outer layers of the
Sun super hot we don't know why you're
seeing literally hot ionized atoms that
have been ripped apart that are flying
out into space from the Sun and this is
the largest dynamo in our solar system
this is the largest energy source a
giant nuclear reactor this is spitting
energy out into space and all you're
able to see right now is that energy
being spit out into space
look at the bird everything's going on
there like what's happening besides
looking cool what do you actually what
does it eclipse do like for the science
coronal mass ejections were discovered
in the Calypso's helium we're on the
turn of the century last century they
thought there was a new element they
called it caronia chronium is just iron
but for a while people are like wow we
discovered a new element in the Eclipse
this is so there's something like eerie
it is can you imagine me our ancestors
and not knowing any of the stuff I'm
telling you no yeah
like even 500 you got back when our
species that lives we are that looks
freaking scary oh we're getting okay
we're coming out of glasses back on oh
wow that was hit yeah
opening back up everybody come on move
on and look outside it's starting
lighting back up only Jesus Christ like
that it looks like we're out of set I
can't it's indescribable to seeing it in
person if you've never seen one these a
person and one of these is coming around
again
you should go like this is this is worth
it
definitely understand why they make tea
search solution Wow
you
you
