well in 16 years after it was
established the Guantanamo Bay detention
camp is still open
and the five men accused of plotting the
September 11th attacks including the
alleged mastermind Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed are still here today was the
start of the 29th round of pre-trial
hearings which he regularly attends no
trial date has been set the team
defending Muhammad travels to Guantanamo
Bay every six weeks or so they rarely
let cameras into their meetings as we do
have some stuff to talk about so I was
watching court today
I heard go hearing saying affirm the
things that says to us are not
classified the team appointed by the
Department of Defense is made up of
military and civilian lawyers they're
led by David Nevin
he says the delays are due to the
government withholding information about
what was done to his client what role
has torture played in a choosing to have
the trial here a military commission and
be in terms of the obstacles and delays
they are now facing our sense is that it
has played every role but it's the
reason we're here you have this
contradiction of a secret show trial
where they're trying to protect this the
secrets of the torture and yet have this
show trial because what is a show trial
is something where the outcome doesn't
really matter they're not ever going to
release college-aged Mohammed do you
have any sense of what they thought or
hoped would happen by having it here
well I think initially they expected to
have you know a bunch of tortured men
come out reject American attorneys plead
guilty and accept death as martyrs and
that almost did happen Nevin and his
team say that by being prohibited from
investigating tortures they're unable to
build the defense they're duty-bound to
provide so if you did have a document
saying on such-and-such a day
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed said he was
responsible for 9/11 at the minute if he
had been waterboarded for four days
before that statement was made are you
able to discover that
well no we simply have fairly vague
summary statements of what our clients
are supposed to have said but none of
the atmospheric detail that surrounds
them making them statements and so you
know that if we had some time with you
on a water board we could probably
before very long get you to admit that
you were the mastermind of 9/11 it is
the independent duty of the defense to
conduct its own thorough investigation
and if the defense does not do that they
are not being ethical and what would you
say to people as as many people have
said you're against the death penalty
you're against trial by a military trial
like this by military commission so
you're just dragging this out as long as
you possibly can that's absolutely
incorrect we're doing what's necessary
to make the case be a fair prosecution
and it has to be a fair prosecution
doesn't make any difference how being
the case is awful the circumstances of
9/11 more it's a it's a criminal
prosecution in the United States of
America and it has to be fair
Nevin is based in Boise Idaho he
graduated from law school here in 1978
and never left
he's been defending Mohammed for the
last decade
I mean Justin's hundreds of books on the
shelf this is years of your life
it really is mm-hmm and you know when he
first took this on did you have any
other idea it would have this much
impact than last this long I had no idea
it would last this long I don't think
anyone did according to a government
transcript Muhammad told the court in
2007 that he was responsible for 911
from a to Zed but Nevin believes that
statement is meaningless if his client
was tortured into making him he says
that keeping such information secret is
exactly why the government chose to try
Mohammed and the others here in the
military commission and not federal
court this decision Nevin adds means
that none of the charges even applies
his client I don't know if you can or
will answer this question but and that
maybe I'm even using the wrong word but
do you believe your client is is
innocent of the charges what do you mean
by innocent do you mean not guilty as
charged
yeah yes he's not guilty as charged no
guilty of he's not guilty of violating
the laws of war because there was no war
on September 11
so then if you please understand what
I'm saying I'm articulating a technical
problem with the nature of the charges
as opposed to speaking to the question
of whether or not mr. Mohammed was
actually a planner of the attacks of
September 11th but he's not charged with
being a planner of the attacks of
September 11th he's charged with murder
and violation of the law of war that's
all he's charged with he's not charged
with others yeah I mean there are other
charges but they are all violations they
are all allegations of violations of the
law of war nothing else that could be a
victory that they are responsible for
9/11 and say responsible not guilty but
they could be acquitted because this is
a military commission not a civilian
court that's it that's a very possible
outcome yes and what would happen then I
take it that they wouldn't spend the
rest of their lives at Guantanamo Bay or
in some similar place because the
government has said they'll never be
released while these issues are being
full-time the Department of Defense
invites victim family members to get MOU
to witness proceedings Gale Allen I went
last August coming face-to-face with the
men accused of murdering his brother
it's one thing to imagine knowing that
that you know you're confronting the
person who murdered your family member
in a courtroom it's another thing to
understand that you're confronting the
person who murdered your family member
and 2975 other people at the same time
the moment that they walked in and sat
down there were so many emotions
simultaneously everything from just
anger and hatred to
I mean almost the kind of disappointment
because you're looking at Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed and here's a guy who you know
is that all there is in that moment
you're able to accept and even admire
the due process that's getting look I've
got a problem you know I sit here and I
say to you that this is about character
and what people do and and and it's also
about the character of the country now
the country acts I'm pretty much opposed
to the death penalty right I'm willing
to make an exception in this case and I
struggle to reconcile those two things
you know you're probably in a unique
position where you're a lawyer and a
victim family member you probably have
had conversations with family members
who don't have a lawyer's perspective
oh my god yeah of course I mean I know
they've said to me what on earth is
going on right why are we talking about
all these different things and now even
saying the policy here is Clemmy just
obstruct delay and not get to the the
actual trial
what do you would you say to them it's
our character that's on trial as a
country in the same way that that any
individuals character is relevant and
judged by their acts so so we have to
act better not just say we're better
what's your sense of you know when this
is likely to actually go to trial
no I've given up trying to predict that
with precision is there a chance it
could take so long that you know you
wouldn't be calling Jake violence lawyer
when this actually goes to trial yeah I
don't know I'm committed to I'm
committed to seeing this through unless
it becomes physically impossible and if
it does go to trial regardless of the
outcome there's presumably gonna be an
appeals process now which way it goes
yeah how long is that gonna take Oh
that'll take 15 or 20 years I think
we're a good 3 2 3 4 years from a
verdict at this point
best case scenario so we're looking at
another 20 25 years before this case is
completely resolved
you
you
