tonight what's next with North Korea
playing hooky from online high school
and at least three people have been
killed in protests following Kenya's
presidential election on Tuesday
opposition leader in candidate rila
Odinga said massive fraud took place
claiming that hackers broke into the
National Election Commission's computer
systems with nearly all of the votes
counted so far of Dinkas opponent
president Uhuru Kenyatta leads with more
than 50 percent of the vote the Election
Commission says it hasn't found evidence
of hacking but is continuing to check
electronic results against paper ballots
the Treasury Department is sanctioned
eight more people for supporting
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro
newly formed Constituent Assembly the
assembly is tasked with rewriting
Venezuela's Constitution which the u.s.
considers a move by Maduro to solidify
his power
most of those targeted by the sanctions
are representatives of the new assembly
and include the brother of former
venezuelan President Hugo Chavez
following a five hour manhunt French
police shot and arrested a man suspected
of attacking a group of soldiers in a
Parisian suburb six soldiers suffered
non-life-threatening injuries after a
driver plowed into them this morning
counterterrorism authorities are
investigating the injured soldiers were
part of an operation that plays troops
across the city in the wake of the
November 2015 terrorist attacks the new
savolta's hit a knack to database and if
the next melted
research at MIT may have yielded an
important discovery in the fight against
Alzheimer's disease scientists were able
to reverse memory loss in mice by
blocking an enzyme that interferes with
how new memories are made previously
scientists have had a hard time
isolating the HDAC two enzyme without
affecting other forms of HDAC and that
can lead to toxic side effects to LGBTQ
rights groups have joined forces to sue
President Trump over his proposed ban on
transgender people serving in the
military the groups represent five
transgender plaintiffs most of them
currently serving who have nearly 60
years of combined military service the
military is not actually enacted a ban
since Trump's announcement in July but
the lawsuit claims the plaintiffs have
already been harmed because they no
longer have a reasonable expectation
they can continue serving
early this evening North Korea's
military called Trump's recent threats
against the country a quote load of
nonsense the statement is the latest in
an atomic pissing contest between
Pyongyang and President Trump who
yesterday inflamed the North Korea
crisis with his fiery brand of anti
diplomacy and today made unsupported
claims about having modernized America's
nuclear arsenal since taking office the
situation is escalated but diplomacy may
not be out of reach before the latest
flare-up with Pyongyang Vice spoke with
former New Mexico Governor Bill
Richardson who has sat across the table
with North Korean leaders through a
number of tense negotiations
you know one thing I've learned about
the North Koreans they want to work this
out not with China not with South Korea
they want to work it out with the US
what do you think the North Koreans
really want for them saving face is very
important they want a lot of respect
Biggi well you know I remember going to
North Korea North Koreans would say you
know we wish your president wouldn't
insult our president by calling him
names he hates that the last time things
were this tense was in the mid-90s when
North Korea pulled out of an
international non-proliferation
agreement and seemed to be on the verge
of developing a nuclear bomb the Clinton
administration threatened to go to war
at the time Richardson was a Democratic
congressman from New Mexico he visited
Pyongyang in December 1994 and while he
was there an American helicopter was
shot down just inside the North Korean
border the day I arrived the shutdown
was my life that was my first
introduction to these guided situations
and I remember staying there two weeks
and negotiating with the North Koreans
threatening not to leave he's made
yourself such a pain in the ass I didn't
I was a total pain in the ass and then I
picked myself more of a pain in ears one
of the pilots had died in the crash and
the North Koreans agreed to let
Richardson leave with the remains the
other pilot was released a few days
later that year's brinksmanship also led
to a major treaty imposing a freeze on
North Korea's nuclear weapons program in
exchange for food and other aid the deal
still divides people today but
Richardson says it was worth it now a
lot of people criticized the Clinton
deal in exchange for food energy
assistance nuclear reactors North Korea
curbs their nuclear program well that
worked for nine years until North Korea
started cheating today's situation may
be more bleak North Korea has a new
leader and a much deadlier nuclear
arsenal and the fate of other blustery
autocrats who gave up WMD programs
Qaddafi Saddam Hussein discourages
negotiation but Richardson says there's
always something the North Koreans are
willing to talk about
is there a case to be made that this
negotiation really could only happen
after a particular period of build-up of
threat of force like we have now it
could be that was the pattern with Kim
jong-un's father with this grandfather
Jimmy Carter worked something out early
on with this grandfather with his father
President Clinton worked something out
on his people but I think eventually
North Korea's going to see you know in a
one to one fight with the US they know
they can't make it but they can levy a
lot of damage I mean we can crush North
Korea militarily but is it worth the
risk with so many potential deaths and
destruction the answer is no thousands
of Israelis rallied in Tel Aviv to
support Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu who is coming dangerously
close to indictment as investigators
turn up the heat in a series of
high-profile criminal cases against him
at the rally the embattled prime
minister spoke in his defense using
language straight out of the Trump
playbook
- TV with a pair of bizarre simple mix
in the past week Israeli police
identified him as a suspect in two cases
involving fraud and corruption and a
surprising twist a trusted confidant
agreed to talk to prosecutors the
political survival of Israel's enduring
leader now in his fourth term is
anything but certain the full corruption
case is currently swirling around
Benjamin Netanyahu aren't the first
graph delegations he faced
he's already dodged corruption charges
one in 2000 over ninety thousand dollars
in state gifts Netanyahu is a political
survivor he holds on as Prime Minister
until 2019 he'll tie ben-gurion is
israel's longest-serving leader so why
is this corruption scandal any more
likely to incite him than the previous
one
Netanyahu's former top aide has agreed
to turn state witness for Bibi this is
catastrophic re Haro served as his
bureau chief in 2008 and returned for a
second time in 2014 as his chief of
staff he was responsible for Netanyahu's
entire fundraising campaign Harrow is
himself in seriously deep legal water as
thought the deal he's made the deceit
he'll be convicted of fraud and breach
of trust for running a private
consulting firm on an office but will
avoid jail time in exchange for
testifying against his former boss in
two cases one in which Bibi allegedly
accepted luxury holidays cigars and
suits from wealthy donors in exchange
for favors and another alleged deal with
Israeli newspaper mogul on and Moses
prosecutors say Netanyahu offered to
damage a rival newspaper owned by
American billionaire Sheldon Adelson in
exchange for positive coverage on Monday
Israel's Supreme Court ordered Netanyahu
who revealed publicly the dates of phone
he's had with both motors and addleson
we asked leading Israeli analysts and
Netanyahu biographer ben caspere's just
how damaging Harris testimony could be
it's like Rahm Emanuel testifying
against Barack Obama he was in the very
intimate inner circle not once and not
twice for more than 15 years he's
dealing with the most delicate issue of
all the money and especially the contact
between Netanyahu and a very wide circle
of billionaire donors Netanyahu is a
huge survivor is a political magician
but right now if say is not in his hand
membership in the Democratic Socialist
of America recently reached 25,000 more
than tripling in size since Bernie
Sanders campaign brought the movement in
from the fringe but if the socialist
bloc wants to become more than just a
party of dissent they'll need to appeal
to some non-white demographics that's a
problem facing many alternative
political groups on the left I graduated
right into the recession the economy was
absolute crap I couldn't find a job I
wouldn't go apply for a job putting
labels on test tubes at a dentist's
office and then the person interviewing
said I about the desired people with
graduate degrees applying for this job
12,000 hours
Jabari Bridgeport is running for City
Council in New York
what are these Republicans trying to do
now Jabari was born in the district he's
running in his family has lived in the
same Brooklyn brownstone for 50 years
not okay and he's campaigning on a
platform of police reform public school
improvements in affordable housing
housing is a human right in most years
all that would add up to a pretty
compelling Democratic candidate but
Jabari is not running as a Democrat I
switched over to green in June of last
year I would say my dissatisfaction
started even like in the Obama terms I
mean let me go after the bailout I was
kind of pissed that I was seeing Wall
Street bankers reinvesting like tax
dollar money into million-dollar bonuses
in the Occupy Wall Street happen and I
started getting pushed further left and
then the own black life matters aren't
picking up and I started getting pushed
further left until Bernie Sanders
started making socialism cool again
Berni lots of black code nationwide by a
catastrophic margin with more than 75%
casting their votes for Hillary Clinton
Bernie didn't exactly help the cause
with a few well-publicized campaign gap
to answer your question when you're
white you don't know what it's like to
be living in a ghetto you don't know
what it's like to be poor there were
tiny imperfections in his campaign with
attempts to tie everything into almost
into um economic terms but there's some
reason for optimism burning actually one
black voters under the age of thirty by
five points fueled in large part by
prominent black figures like Erika
Garner the daughter of Eric garner and
the rapper killer Mike both who question
whether mainstream democratic politics
were working for the Black team
socialism it's not a dirty word to be
more in it was very action from people
in this very historical Democratic
district when you say that you're a
socialist to get a little wide-eyed and
then they start to listen more from my
platforms I would like to fundamentally
transform our society in our economy
into one that is centered around
people's needs not profit jabari isn't
the only black third party candidate to
come into prominence over the past year
I bring greetings this spring Chokwe
anti Lumumba became the mayor of Jackson
Mississippi running on a platform of
radical economic transformation
Democratic Socialist Khalid Kemal was
elected to the City Council of South
Fulton Georgia and in New York Akeem
Browder will be running for mayor on the
Green Party ticket these new black
leftist candidates might only be running
on a local level for now but third
parties like the Green Party and the
Democratic socialists of America have
grown their support behind
do you say super-supportive the assay
made it rain we took me like three
months just to get the $10,000 and then
DSA sends out a fundraising email before
a deadline on Tuesday and like four or
five thousand dollars came in in one day
which is insane here's the district he's
running it it may be the best shot a
leftist third-party candidate has at
winning a major political seat it
includes several Brooklands both quickly
gentrifying neighborhoods which means
there's a lot of young black and white
voters shuttle we want to win Jabari
believes he had to capture those young
white voters and convince enough black
residents to leave the Democratic Party
and he's not sure if a white candidate
can pull that off the burden falls
primarily it's not completely on
socialist people of color it's just not
going to work with a bunch of white
socialists coming into a person of color
communities and telling them how things
should operate because there is there is
a color barrier unfortunately the cynic
would say that the best way for
socialists to try and overcome that in
the next election is to have people call
it run as socialist hey do you feel ever
like you're a token I can see why that
that question would come up I would say
no most because I'm doing this on my own
volition because of things I strongly
believe that like I'm openly running and
running of the places I believe
investing for liberation of people of
color
across the u.s. there are now more than
500 online charter schools rolling close
to 300,000 American kids 15,000 of them
are at one school in Ohio called the
electronic classroom of tomorrow or econ
it has no hallways or classrooms for
buildings everything it does it does
online d-cup students get a computer a
Wi-Fi connection and access to classes
they can take on their own time if
teachers communicate by phone and email
it's up to the students to log in and do
the work they have required classwork
and tests but in reality the commitments
are minimal ECOT is designed to be a way
for students who might have fallen out
of the traditional education system to
pursue a degree like with all charters
ECOT is paid based on the number of
students enrolled each year in 2015 that
meant more than 100 million public
dollars the last summer the State
Department of Education decided to
review the school asking for actual
login data to justify the expense and
when he thought finally shared the data
it didn't look so good a sample of more
than 700 students enrolled at ECOT
during the 2015-2016 school year showed
that more than half the students he
taught was paid to teach all year spent
through than two hours on average online
each day
Ohio's Department of Education concluded
it had paid the school to teach 9,000
more students than it should have
eClass disagreed it's that it's never
committed to measure how much time
students spent working online or more
importantly use that time to gauge
enrollment and that the data it gave the
state was incomplete
nikhat told us it had never been asked
to produce this sort of data when
audited before and that it shouldn't be
used to judge how many students did
teaches at this point the school and the
Department of Education have been
fighting in court for more than a year
disputes like this are becoming much
more common gary Miran is a professor at
Western Michigan University who spent
the past five years studying online
charter schools it's been very difficult
for states to hold these charter schools
accountable even to verify and document
with evidence that the students actually
are enrolled in active in the schools
most of state oversight regulations are
based on traditional public schools
these regulations and these practices
don't really apply to virtual schools
it's not the safeguards don't exist in
Ohio for example all charters have to
unenroll students who don't show up for
105 hours or about a month but it online
schools students can game those rules
easily and it's not exactly an e COTS
financial interest to go out of its way
to unenroll students if you were student
you Claude has on its books the less
money it gets from the state which can
put its teachers in an awkward position
we spoke to one who taught of the school
for four years he taught has a rule that
if you don't log in once every 28 days
they unenroll you from the school and
they put you back into your district
school out of the hundred and eighty
five students that I had in my classroom
I believe that about 50 percent of my
students figured out that you can go 28
days without logging into the system and
then as long as you logged in on that 28
day you would be able to stay enrolled
at ek they would just log in for maybe a
few minutes and then log back out I just
I kind of felt unethical as an educator
I actually gave my mentor a phone call
and I talked to her about that she kind
of told me that that was the norm that
there was not much that II caught doing
at that point but they were trying ECOT
says it's hands are tied by the state
law that prohibits it from dissing
rolling these types of students the
school has continually dismissed
criticisms emphasizing that their
students work and learn in ways that
aren't captured by login time but it
still hasn't managed to convince the
state or the courts that all of its
students are actually going to school
Ohio state school board and local courts
have consistently ruled in the favor of
the Department of Education which says
that ECOT must return 60 million dollars
they received in the 2015-2016 school
year
EPOC is continuing to appeal the
decision it's also in the process of
laying off hundreds of staff it's
unclear what all this will mean for the
students of epoch who are still in the
habit of logging in
yeah I got into working with metal bands
because a friend of mine was recording
not Punk it was called hardcore and it
was metal
he couldn't get them through a recording
session without them coughing blood
when the band first started when I first
started singing I just didn't know what
I was doing and I was screaming and
blowing out my voice every single show
and I mean every single show and I did a
tour in Australia myself up it
couldn't talk for like two weeks after
the tour it was really bad so when got a
lesson that has changed everything
there's a risk to using your voice on a
daily basis in an unhealthy way the
vocal folds they used to be called
chords now the called folds they get
scarred and that's why you get this good
because the fold isn't closing it isn't
so nating so start with the big one okay
starts go I'll be done
I use air support to get there okay
going my mind read the whole new
world
Melissa cross is just legend in this
music scene I mean she's the only vocal
coach that actually cared about metal
and did something about it and wanted to
make sure people aren't
themselves up for life what metal
singers do wrong is use an emotional
response that feels like anger or
anxiety in order to make the sound and
that involves too much tension
I used my acting training to imitate it
and my know-how locally to do it in a
way that could be healthy when we were
recording our last record it was our
first full-length record and I got about
halfway through my voice was just giving
out and I couldn't I couldn't record we
tried like waiting for a couple days
like you know just getting my boys time
to rest and coming back to it and it was
the same thing you know like I was just
straining really really hard I didn't
sound like myself and so we did a Skype
session and it was love at first session
it was awesome yeah good I can't do that
with a monkey okay deal about the job
she's so good at like explaining things
and all her wacky little exercises and
stuff that they seem so strange but at
the same time like once you do them
enough you're like whoa like actually it
really is helping and then like I get it
you know it makes sense okay maybe that
being that big burst bubble yeah you
don't have that instead of like that
maybe you want keep it really smooth yes
I love the sincerity of the music it's
so non you know tainted by media and
crap and you know money and it's just so
real it's just straight from the heart I
mean I was a hippie and blue
we lost the way and these kids they know
the way they got it for real all right
Tony how you feelin
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
August 9
you
you
