every morning Lee Sang young Braves a
rush hour to reach his office in Mapo
district in downtown Seoul
Li's editor-in-chief of Daily NK and
online news sites focused on North Korea
which is one of the most sealed off and
tight lips places in the world why did
you choose to work for a newspaper that
deals exclusively with North Korea at
all what worked at home okay home in the
river not come up here
you sound equipment share with everyone
from the kindling a dozen and a egg
eaters hidden in the company instead of
angles was a good indicator nothing to
get information Daily NK relies on a
network of informants in North Korea and
China who they've developed sober more
than a decade while Lee was recruiting
informants in China back in 2012 he was
arrested the government's accused him of
spying and detained him for a hundred
and fourteen days so how many people do
you currently have inside North Korea
feeding you information
well then take about the point in time I
send dual income for women I mean you
don't have to give me an exact number
but is it in the hundredths or closer to
the tens that gardener died over by
something to to the streets of Rio
Grande de agua por tacky that's native
soldiers and earth Allah
aku what to keep from you and what would
happen to an informant if the North
Korean government found out that they
had been providing information to Daily
NK
I mean don't you engine trouble about
the coke at an event tango Daniel you
got Krueger consumer cannot see not
really who knows maybe one got to get on
building
because she was on the box it says they
hang me gene heads up daily and case
news departments she knows North Korea
better than most reporters because she's
actually a defector herself having fled
to the south
eight years ago the tauron topple my
boom-boom she didn't wanna go okay so
dad oh my Tallyho
Oh Marty automata Oh Maya Cara auntie
Medusa and sank again Hurricane Katia
hi Bob or attention go to a movie so
mediate enjoy episode okay panel and
people to determine drew some saravana
work a increment shoe bomber Pune wanna
I don't need her any Antonio Hani power
jump the team relies on secure messaging
apps in order to communicate with some
of their informants
was he telling what I'm supposed to say
Oh is she gonna observe Pylea sale came
on your home and this is all encrypted
so it's very safe Oh Daily NK has
partnered with a radio show that
broadcasts into North Korea every
afternoon turns on you know it inspired
an book song song Addante
yok cytokine Sun Minami yo it's a mix of
news and music and around 1 million
North Koreans about three to four
percent of the population
listen in but Daily NK has faced
questions about its own methods since it
gets funding from the South Korean
government and because it pays some
sources in the north are paying people
inside North Korea to provide you with
information you're leaving yourself open
to fake news to people making things up
in order to get paid anymore
I got a basement activity Ron Katrina
mattheum Tolu name James Allen Kearney
it's all polarimeter illusion Antonio
Colombian poker a timorous on that
animal turn AutoKey when alone a plastic
one don't go ape channeling rocket
engine that are winning guiding that do
you want to start revolution within
North Korea I think we are going to
constrain today Bishop Renato we say on
pandering the Seahawk really couldn't ah
get that of an ecology of senior adopt
overall Madonna and they were to the
pocket ago
you
