on Friday an attempt by the United Auto
Workers Union to organize a Nissan Plant
in Canton Mississippi collapsed Mesa has
fought a an intense life and we fell
short that may not sound like a surprise
the South is the home of the
right-to-work movement where cheap labor
anti-union laws and government
incentives and lured factories for
decades and made it hard for unions to
organize but the argument in Canton came
down to who offered the best path to
prosperity for the black working class
even McMorris Santoro was there for the
final week of campaigning Toni Hopson
lived a working-class American life as I
go to work to meet son from 11:00 to
7:00 I got by 712 I have a second job a
choice of the other nine tony has worked
at the Nissan Plant for 15 years it's a
good job for him $28 an hour driving a
forklift on the night shift the median
hourly wage in Jackson is 15 34 an hour
the second job at u-haul is just for
extra money he says I thought I could
wait a bit this morning Tony is the type
of guy the UAW couldn't convince to
organize last week oh no or you'll be an
unemployed auto worker Rubi UAW pretty
good world's deadliest viruses HIV and
UAW that's pretty strong because when it
does this the South attracts
manufacturing in part because of how
deep anti-union sentiment goes here the
Nissan Plant the first modern car
factory Mississippi opened in 2003 the
UAW has failed in three attempts to
organize majority white southern plants
in the last 30 years organizers had a
reason to believe that Canton would be
different
we want to change black working-class
Americans are more likely than any other
demographic group to belong to a you the
facility is 80% african-american their
sister plant is in Tennessee and they
make a dollar 70 more than the workers
here in Canton Mississippi why is there
disparity UAW organizing efforts started
not long after this plant opened drawing
in big names from the black community to
help you've taken your courage and use
that courage as a platform for change
the message unionizing Nissan is the
next rung in the long climb to equality
for black people in the gym self that
message works for Betty Jones
she's an engine inspector of the plant
and has worked there for 14 years
Betty makes 26 dollars at the beginning
when we started this I mean my whole
land was just they were just yes but
when they saw it
started bringing in those anti-union
videos I think my co-workers just the
look on their face was dead I just can't
do it one thing I've heard is this idea
that maybe the white workers don't want
a union with people I tell people when
you if you look at the history of the
UAW the UAW have thought about white
people the reason why we have this type
of painted health care if the cause of
the UAW one of the things we talked a
lot about in politics these days is the
white working-class right the guys who
voted for Trump people who want to talk
about this and I wonder if you think
there's a difference between the white
working-class and the black working
class in this country yell because I
mean they they just look at it was like
we don't sort of be in leadership
position and I believe that if the plant
was saying if I was in white we probably
have a union about ten years ago people
like Betty's scared into Union folks
nice on its allies wage an expensive
campaign against them the effort caught
the Union off-guard the basic message is
if you do this or lose your jobs
absolutely your livelihood but you can't
guarantee that's not going to happen
no we've never guaranteed the workers
anything
a Nissan spokesperson told vice news the
UAW is knowingly spreading falsehoods
and shamefully using the legacy of the
civil rights movement to stir emotions
emotions stirring is common in
Mississippi around the youjin a Koch
brothers funded ad campaign warns a
union would turn the area into Detroit
Republican governor phil Bryant made it
clear what that meant there was a lot of
conversation about why a union was bad
for black workers throughout their whole
in colon and picking cotton and plow and
be over 80 pages before and you go go
right back to it cuz reunion is not
going to take care that worked for Tony
I'm afraid of losing my job right now I
got job security for 15 years so we have
not had a layoff we have never missed a
beat what do you think of their campaign
they don't have one we've been treating
like you know they was oh he treated
with they treat black people like slaves
I have been driving an Infiniti for 15
years I make great money more money than
people with degrees make down here
that's treated like a slave didn't keep
using me race is a part of this
conversation isn't it can you talk a bit
about how it's part of the competition
for you it really is not and that's
another tactic that the UAW is using to
try and get into plant 1307 workers
voted for the union 2244 workers voted
against it
for every Betty at the Nissan Plant
there are two Tony's so you think that
they were just in the end too afraid
what's right do you think that other
workers and other factories across the
south who look at a situation like this
might say look this isn't worth the
trouble
I'm sure yeah because everybody was
looking to do then help the same
you
