Baltimore has long been known as one of
the deadliest cities in America it's
already seen 208 homicides this year
putting it on pace for its most murders
ever some frustrated residents are now
pushing for a 72-hour ceasefire they're
calling nobody kill anybody you all know
about the Baltimore ceasefire you know
about the Baltimore ceasefire as a bunch
of Baltimore residents trying to have 72
hours and no murder is this weekend so
it's August horrible murders understood
that's right yeah absolutely peacefully
all the way Erica bridge for the sake of
the rising murder rate but when her son
told her this could be a record year she
got pissed off so we talent everybody to
tell everybody she's part of a group is
calling for a weekend ceasefire
a lot of people hear you saying don't
kill anybody for 72 hours and say that's
not going to happen
yeah how do you respond to that I said
you can't make a decision with whether
you roll with that you can't keep this
six block radius from anything happening
then like what are you doing right the
slogan is simple nobody kill anybody
but that's a tall order in Baltimore the
city's on track to get 400 murders this
year murdered young lady murdered
murdered and it's just like murders
shown young rule from Baltimore sandtown
neighborhood on distinct like a lot of
people here he finds out about homicides
in the city via Instagram do you ever
open this thing up and see somebody you
know yes I'm trying to tell you I know
at least once a month you see one of
your homeboys this pathways he's been
murdered like
say for this reality autumn or no not
going to make sense when you look at it
logically just like the ceasefire okay
stop killing each other for a weekend
that does not make sense to address
people and say okay y'all y'all killing
each other what's the issue what can we
do for y'all to actually try to fix it
as opposed you're saying stop killing
each other for the weekend residents
don't feel like the city doing enough to
address social and economic problems in
the inner city then there's the fact
that last year more than half of all
murders went unsolved it's a cycle that
can lead criminals and Bolden and
witnesses intimidated why isn't anybody
doing anything about the murders so we
are what we are
mayor Catherine Pugh has been in office
for seven months they don't understand
what happened place already she
inherited a police force but the Justice
Department found to be poorly trained
racist and prone to using excessive
force we're focused on how we reduce
violence in our city and what we must do
as a community to reduce violence it is
not just a police issue it's a community
issue do you think that this weekend
basically the ceasefire is going to be
successful absolutely I think the fact
that people in the community have taken
upon themselves to say we need this to
stop so to the extent that we continue
to have those voices echoed throughout
our neighborhoods is success to me a
part of the reason the community is
calling for a ceasefire is because they
don't think the Baltimore Police
Department will protect them especially
in the last couple years
Baltimore's seen pretty great die in the
back of a police van seeing two recent
videos showing officers allegedly
planting drugs and seen seven officers
get indicted for robbing civilians the
Baltimore Police Department spokesman TJ
Smith says the media is ignoring the
positive things the department is doing
and as for the ceasefire we're 1,000%
supportive of the idea of the concept as
a police department but we're not on the
frontlines of this where they're they
need it and so how does that work though
because I think in a way we're talking
about reducing murders right isn't that
your job that's everybody's job any
community that thinks Public Safety is
strictly law enforcement job
they're probably a community is failing
at it a lot of people are saying we
don't trust the police to be involved
well I think you can find people who say
that just like you can find a ton that
will say the opposite when I focused on
the negative there is the demographic
with the demographic we're talking about
no eighteen thirty year old black males
for the most part and a lot of them are
you know it's finally marked a lot of
mark that is a fallacy that is not the
language and a limit to say Bob the
majority or a lot of eighteen to thirty
year old black men don't trust the
police I think the reason that there are
some you're having tears me right white
but they make it a blanket that the
majority of them I don't think there is
a proof positive that that's accurate if
we go across the country Baltimore City
Police Department isn't the best Police
Department in America life is it's kind
of shame like they'd rather chase guys
on dirt bikes and chase down the guys
out here killing people
AJ Elliott has spent his whole life in
West Baltimore he said he doesn't
dislike all police he just wishes they
were better at their jobs
so you expecting help from police no I'm
not really like the citizens we get
entire man so as a while we won't have
to take things into our own hands the
gun please hold
city officials might look at the
ceasefire as a partnership but a lot of
citizens see it as the exact opposite
fishing their own community because the
city won't help them so even if the
ceasefire is successful some people will
think it was despite the government and
not because of it a lot of people say 72
hours that's a band-aid
absolutely you understand when you are
in the front line that everything you do
and that moment is a band-aid but I'm
cool with people taking it I'm naive and
that this is stupid I'm cool with that
because I know that if I stopped and all
the other people in Baltimore doing the
work if they stopped you would really
see the murder rate go up you would see
how much these little band-aids that you
go
were actually doing something in this
city
you
