one month ago today a van driven by a
white British man plowed into a crowd of
Muslim worshippers near Finsbury Park
mosque in central London killing one and
injuring 10 that mosque was once known
for extremist sermons by notorious hate
preacher Abu Hamza
but it since become a force for
moderation in the Muslim community and a
model of D radicalization in the UK and
now its members have become victims of
terror themselves hint Hasan reports
between 1997 and 2004 Egyptian cleric
Abu Hamza al-masri preached extremism
and fundamentalist Islam at Finsbury
Park mosque many people have been
attacking in the newspapers everybody
knows I have right to show them I have
lied to take him to court for a lot of
lies in response police closed the
mosque down the hammer Turkish earnings
to the street outside among those
attending was Richard Reid a terrorist
who tried and failed to bring down an
American Airlines jet with a bomb in
issue for teenage worshippers like
Ismail annachi
the sermons were frightening at owner
most was you know one of experience
based on fear because there was you know
held hostage effectively to our hamsa he
would usually go into very long sermons
about the difference between us Muslims
and the non-muslims he would sort of
preach a message of hate and separation
I found that very frightening as a
teenager actually Hamzah's time at the
mosque ended in 2004 when he was flung
in jail and eventually extradited to the
US he is now serving life in prison
there for terror offences a year later
the mosque was reopened having been
taken over by community trusts with new
management including Mohammed Kasbah
he says of steps to D radicalization was
simple get rid of a Bahamas remaining
followers they make sure that no one
could deliver a sermon without the in
vetted first we kicked up a hundred
supporters out of the mosque and we took
over here the mosque and we changed from
a hostile to a cohesive atmosphere and
now as you can see it is just not just
on the mosque it's the community center
which
for everybody when you engage with the
community in a positive way they can
make a huge difference and this must
prove that if you were to be made aware
of somebody who's coming to this North
that was perhaps and saying things that
are considered extreme or is potentially
vulnerable to radicalization what would
you do about it well first of all our
role on policies won't allow anyone to
come and speak just like this we invite
speakers which we know that they are we
can trust them and we can trust what
they are saying
nobody whatsoever allowed to come and
just preach and and give a speech to to
their congregation the lingering image
of Finsbury Park mosque is an incubator
to terror has been hard to leave behind
that doesn't sit well with many Muslims
here you feel this attack on their
community has been framed differently to
other terror strikes in the UK which
were carried out by Muslims if this
incident I should happen some relays and
I'm not saying you need irrelevant they
have they have tried to link this with
the things we must able Hamza and say
it's because of this most hope as links
with people who are extremists that's
why it's happened so they're trying to
condone what happened which is
unacceptable the steps Finsbury Park
mosque took 2d radicalize 12 years ago
are still working it as the mosque tries
to emerge from the shadow of its past
it's now vulnerable to a different kind
of extremist threat the attack using the
van the berm was only the beginning
the fun will continue this organ there
will be rivers of blood flowing down the
streets I will make sure of this none of
you vermin will survive I mean who would
survive being gassed or blown up have
you been getting more hate mail has that
increased it is definitely increasing
still many to come but we don't know it
what is there it's very specific as well
the fun will continue this August
there will be rivers of blood and this
why is genius this letter has things
been reported to the police but it isn't
the only hate mails in the
as received they say they want the
government to take greater action and
protect their community
you
