real estate agents and conferences
moonlighted as wrestling villains the
progressive liberal Daniel Richardson's
late 2015
mostly in small towns in Western
Kentucky and Timothy I asked him to give
me a lesson on wrestling in politics
tuck in my chin and I'm going to take a
bomb all right bridges the progressive
liberal persona is a product of the very
real friendship between Dan and his
mentor's beau James and they're real
antagonism of our politics in
Appalachian culture ok my man it's
a struggle between my beliefs his
beliefs
dan is seen as an outsider coming into
these mountains trying to tell us how to
live he's no character he's no gimmick
it's him it's not just the politics
it's the hypocrisy of the right that I
can't stand so your politics informs
your style of performance I think the
people's narrow-minded view gives me a
platform to troll them you tell the
people I'm going to punch him right in
the mouth there with you and so when
you're driving with him and you're
thinking I don't like I'm so mad right
now are you also kind of something like
I didn't use that is there like a
specific time you remember going to
Leatherwood Kentucky when he started
about clean energy and I pulled the car
over and get away from me right now we
need to stay away from each other for a
few minutes the progressive liberal is a
hue of ad guy rent where he usually
loses to the good guys Wars which raises
an obvious question why would someone
put himself forward as a symbol of
liberal values knowing his job he'll get
his ass kicked every night
guys who cared about winning and losing
over entertaining crowd don't belong in
this business there has to be a payoff a
news story you just hauled her out of
wrassle she's got to look after our
late-night wrestling schools
Dannan bo drove three hours to camp in
Kentucky they are Dan fathers chumps
according foe Kyle McGregor I don't care
about manhood the view is the smug
arrogance he hasn't he and he thinks
he's better than people from Eastern
Kentucky there's no money here and I
personally I'm not a big fan of coal but
that's what we have I am a trump
supporter only because I am the middle
class do better
I hate then the liberal and you just
want to jump up and smile
way I rub the audience wrong way it's
like if you're a liberal it's almost
like a feminine for gay
I don't care and so therefore I also
don't care if they think I'm gay and
actually because they think it anyway I
just a get on a little bit like
flamboyant you know and so I like
pressing that modest wrestling has a
long history of using politics to see it
bad guys the iron sheiks the Russian
bear Tojo Yamamoto noticed they have one
thing in common they're foreigners but
now we stand the enemy comes from inside
America and Donald Trump play that up
too but when I see him tweet when I see
him say something I know he's doing the
same thing that we're doing oh yeah you
know it's to rile people up he's so good
at reading the crap yeah he knows his
audience do you think politics is
becoming more like professional
wrestling the whole world is pro because
it's used to make money you know
wrestling's only people stupid enough to
tell there was predetermined
you
you
