today teachers in Colorado and Arizona
joined the wave of educators protesting
around the country
the simultaneous walk outs follow
similar ones in West Virginia and
Oklahoma and they stem from similar
gripes insufficient funding for public
schools and low pay for public school
teachers but there are differences too
in Arizona the movement is more
political and its leadership is less
experienced two years ago Noah karvelas
was in college now he's helping lead one
of the largest teacher protests in the
country
it's crazy it's just it's really crazy I
was just a 23 year old guy just hanging
out you know sitting in the pool on the
weekends with my girlfriend going to the
farmers market and now it's this
well it's difficult to take this next
step nothing but confident that we will
bring a change that is necessary for
this state arizona's teacher movement
started just two months ago when an
organization noah co-founded arizona
educators united began encouraging
people to wear red in protest i
truthfully never thought it was john i
thought i'd be like if i could just my
campus to participate anybody grew and
it became a statewide movement what are
you trying to accomplish what is the
endgame yeah so we put out five demands
and basically the demands focus on on
two really central things and that's
restoring these cuts that we've seen in
increasing our per people funding to the
national median and we're also demanding
that educators are paid a competitive
wage and right now we're not in response
to the initial movement the governor
proposed an increase in pay for teachers
right by 2020 a twenty percent and you
guys said that that was not enough
without a funding source it's really
kind of an empty promise it doesn't move
the needle for our colleagues who are
bus drivers reading interventionist or
counselors all these different people
are included in our demands it really
comes up short like West Virginia in
Oklahoma Arizona ranks near the bottom
of the country in both the amount it
spends per student and the amount of
money it pays its teachers but unlike in
other states
Arizona's teacher movement has become
more politically charged Noah also
happens to be running the campaign for
Kathy Hoffman a Democratic candidate for
state superintendent and last month
Arizona's Teachers Union publicly
endorsed David Garcia the Democratic
candidate for governor we had no idea
that announcement was coming do you wish
that they had not publicly endorsed yes
looking back I think they realized that
that was a misstep as well because
that's something that the governor has
never really forgotten any any sticks to
the governor's really kind of said this
is a democratic initiative this is
coming from the Democrats which simply
isn't true it it's really and you see
why someone might think that yeah the
hint of partisanship has led to clashes
with Republican legislators
it's also driven away some of the
movements early organizers depreciation
like Billy Rob who teaches at a charter
school in Phoenix on the day that the
very first day over they told everyone
about red I'm wearing red I wear red to
show up here I hear on the news at 11:30
that the union president has just made a
press conference that they're all
wearing red announcing an endorsement
for david garcia it's like even if I'm a
registered Democrat I might not want
david garcia i don't know where you
stand politically but does does
injecting politics represent an issue to
you in a red state I mean it hurts your
ability to get your goals done even the
optics of that makes it less likely for
our for our goals to be met
I've stopped wearing red I'm gonna be at
school all week I might if I if I feel
like I'd have to work I might go
I might go down there but most likely
I'm not
how long are you prepared to continue to
walk out for right now we're taking a
day by day
you
