2017 is only halfway over and in the
United States it's been a bloody six
months they've already been more than
8,000 shooting deaths and more than
16,000 gun related injuries according to
the watchdog group gun violence archive
in Chicago the violence has been so
intense that President Trump announced
at the end of June that he's sending in
the feds about 20 ATF agents armed with
ballistics technology that can help
solve gun crimes it's a tool that
already seems to be working in the
places where police have the resources
and commitment to embrace it 83 mm
pursuit delicious is back out for
Newport ready his vehicle is on the way
to sell the form of heroin at all make
mistake is that right walk him when I
came on like if you recovered a firearm
it was a big deal when somebody gets
shot it was a big deal
but now like 25 28 years later
 it happens multiple times a
night
hands down by your ass
in 2015 gun crimes here reach two peaks
479 were committed that year the number
dipped in 2016 but already this year the
force of seeding garden crimes pick up
again I don't think I've seen a fist
fight for years you know I remember when
I came on people used to fight now
everybody just grabs a gun room so go
inside girl right
apart from fighting the gun problem on
the ground Cincinnati is also using a
tool that's less action and more CSI
it's called the National integrated
ballistics information network known as
nahban so as we hit the button it tells
us all the suspects that were involved
in different crime scenes that the
casing matches up to a database of
bullet casings run by the Bureau of
Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms this is the
farm commercial every gun leaves unique
identifying marks on a casing communal
image or that makes them key evidence
because now being can link multiple
casings found at different time to one
gun and sometimes when criminal I go pop
pop pop here's how it order goes in the
fanatic came around a bend right here
coming towards me this way we're loading
the weapon back up CPS Gang Enforcement
Unit is called to respond to either a
shooting or a shots fired scene so it's
no prisoners when they find a casing
whether someone was hurt or not it's
treated like an important piece of
evidence first money time we have
someone who writes through a residential
community shooting a firearm is the
likelihood of them using that gun in
some other capacity it is extremely hard
so it makes collecting these showcases
very valuable and so what happens next
stick it goes back and gets entered into
naive' in the officers are going to go
ahead and and tag the item we're going
to go and put it into our property room
down here
then our diving specialists retrieve it
tomorrow everything is then brought to
the Neyman lab for processing okay so
this is the casing that you guys saw
last night their casings are cleaned and
entered into a system that creates 3d
images really fun the area we want the
algorithm to England they're sent to a
correlation Center where they're
compared to casings found at other crime
scenes for matches did you get an item
is that data is sent back to the cops
and detectives will follow up on any
potential hits one firearms lets you
walk two three four five six we intended
for some eight crimes after years of
trial and error
Cincinnati's niden process is a model
for others police departments come to
them for training we have four hundred
twenty six people shot in Cincinnati
last year we didn't have four hundred
twenty-six individuals he too pulled the
trigger once we've got 40 to 50 to
repeatedly pull the trigger
they shoot two three four individuals
before we can finally put a case on them
so how do you measure success with
neither well we know that diamond played
a large role in our shooting reductions
for last year we were one of the few
large Midwest urban cities that had a
reduction in both homicides and total
shootings
Cincinnati's nahban process is a success
but it's been a challenge to implement
here and in police departments across
the u.s. there are less than 180
machines nationwide machines cost as
much as a quarter million dollars to buy
and using them correctly requires a
mindset shift from cops who tend to
think of bullet casings as trash and the
CSI step is boring it takes someone to
describe latina and Sienna
those are just some of the challenges
the ATF is faced as they try to widen
the Neyman Network so do you think that
ATF maybe made a mistake in not getting
out there and telling departments you
need to do this quickly this is the
right way to do it I think police
departments in generals are reactive
I think there was a time when a stop
sign shooting occurred shots fired
I don't think the officers would have
gotten out of their cars to pick up the
Partridge cases to submit but now I
think officers are actually responding
to the scene but the federal government
and ATF could do more to make this tool
Universal as new decay points out
they've done it before with national
fingerprint and DNA databases that's
lacking for nahban there's not a Police
Department in the country that's going
to say we wouldn't submit those
fingerprints into APHIS national
practice we get DNA at a crime scene
everybody's going to submit that into
CODIS but we are not submitting that
ballistic trace evidence in denial at
some point it's got to be standardized
practice
you
