baseless claims about a link between
vaccines and developmental disorders
have fueled the so-called anti-vaxxer
movement for years now but in Texas the
anti-vaxxers are motivated by something
else an unconditional commitment to
personal freedom even at the expense of
public health a parent decides whether
their children get vaccinated or not
that is if them nutshell in 2003 about
2000 kids in Texas held exemptions
allowing them to opt out of vaccinations
for non-medical reasons today that
number has risen to almost 45 thousand
more than 20 vaccine related bills were
introduced in the recently completed
85th Texas Legislative Session and while
some of those bills promote vaccinations
others definitely don't 31 year old
Republican state representative Brisco
Kane is a member of the state's freedom
caucus why is the debate about vaccine
so strong in Texas is it something
specific to Texas custom in our history
and our in our DNA that we desire to be
free from government intervention in our
lives from your perspective you know
what's the vaccine choice debate about
the parent should have the ability to
decide whether or not their child takes
medicine or receives an injection it's
about liberty so it's not about vaccines
themselves or their safety for some it
is for me personally there's nothing to
do with the science or debating the
science of vaccines do you get vaccines
yourself I do do you have children I do
and they've been vaccinated okay yeah I
mean I grew up getting the flu shot
every year mm-hmm it's purely but it was
at my own choosing some vaccines are
only like 97% protective so
hypothetically if your child were to get
the measles from a child who wasn't
vaccinated how would you feel about that
it's troubling like my child got the
measles I mean there have been there's
an outbreak right now in Minnesota
I believe that personal liberty for my
personal liberty stops at the person of
another
what about when a person personal
liberty infringes on somebody else's
safety I believe that in the hierarchy
of rice that Liberty is higher than
safety and security
when Brisco talks about fighting for
parental rights
it's people like Stacie meth in that he
has in mind this is an exemption form
this is for me and my son she's
previously filed exemptions for her
eleven-year-old son Christian the
youngest of her five children Christian
hasn't received any vaccine since he was
six did you walk me through some of the
documents that are in here this one is
one of the first ones that I actually
went and researched and it talks about
the role of the federal government but
it doesn't give them the right to
mandate vaccines we have a right on this
planet to choose for our own bodies is
what we take it and it should be the
same way with a shot or treatment okay
in Texas non-medical or conscientious
exemptions from vaccines can be granted
for any personal reasons including
religion stacy is studying to be a nurse
she claims that two of her grandchildren
were injured after getting vaccinated my
attitude with life as well as vaccines
is that if you believe in it you push
for it it's hard it's hard for me to
think of a future where other children
would lose their right and continue to
be injured when none of us knows why
chicken has a possibility are you
worried about your rice being taken away
I worry about the rights of my children
and all of the other children out there
okay Heather and David pencil are
worried too but for a different reason
they live in the Austin suburbs where
public school districts have some of the
highest exemption rates in the state and
private school exemption rates run as
high as 40%
the fact that you live in Austin instead
of New York City for instance puts your
family more at risk yeah what happens is
there's a measles outbreak here are the
doors right yeah we're so say baby is
younger than six months I would
genuinely be concerned because measles
is a serious disease I mean it can cause
encephalitis it got deafness you know
lots of things a bill introduced this
year would have made exemption rates for
individual schools publicly available
but in May that bill stalled out in the
state legislature after the freedom
caucus opposed it for infringing on
personal privacy how does it make you
feel that the debate right now is people
putting their privacy above other
people's health safety the privilege
issue they are more concerned about
their children than the risk of the
greater population and and it's a false
risk because that information is already
available at that level it's already
being collected yeah I mean I just wish
that you could just yeah it should be
available to parents you know it's it's
a public health issue Peter Hotez a
vaccine expert and Dean of the National
School of Tropical Medicine at the
Baylor College in Houston has been
contending with dangers of the vaccine
choice movement in Texas for years a
group of anti vaccine activists have
somehow convinced the large number of
people in the state of Texas that this
is a civil libertarian issue and and I
don't I don't accept that what about the
Civil Liberties of a young mother young
parents in the Austin Texas area if I'm
a mother of a young baby under the age
of 12 because we don't vaccinate kids
till 12 to 15 months with measles I'd be
terrified if you're a parent you're
required by law to strap your child in a
seat belt in the car right that that's
not a parental choice if you own a gun
in a lot of people in Texas own guns you
required to lock that gun if you have a
child at home
and it's the same for vaccines is there
anything in Texas right now that could
stop that from happening stop outbreaks
from happening we could proactively
block outbreaks from happening tomorrow
and and it's very simple all we have to
do is what was done in California when
they had measles outbreaks at the state
legislature finally woke up and they
said oh my god what have we done and
they closed all the non-medical
exemptions and guess what vaccine
coverage rate went up and problem solved
do you see that happening in Texas I
don't and I've been saying this now and
it's it's very sad that the only thing
that's going to stop this runaway train
right now is a large measles outbreak
you
