tonight hunt for voter fraud escaping
the siege in the Philippines and what it
really means to cut Medicaid the Arab
nations that cut diplomatic ties with
Qatar last month say that they'll take
even more punitive steps after the tiny
Gulf state rejected their list of
demands they want cutter to shut down
the al Jazeera channel and stop dealing
with Iran backing up their new threats
foreign ministers from Saudi Arabia
Egypt the United Arab Emirates and
Bahrain said Qatar lacked quote
understanding of the seriousness and
gravity of the situation a group of
demonstrators who support president
Nicolas Maduro stormed the opposition
controlled National Assembly armed with
wooden clubs and metal bars and injured
several lawmakers the demonstrators
appeared to be responding to a call from
vice president Tariq la Sami to go to
the Congress to show support for the
embattled president Volvo announced that
starting in 2019 all of the cars that
meets will have fully electric or hybrid
motors making it the first big auto
manufacturer to abandon traditional
internal combustion engines the company
says the move underlines its commitment
to minimizing its environmental impact
and making the cities of the future
cleaner a newly discovered photo may
help solve the mystery of what happened
to aviator Amelia Earhart who
disappeared in 1937 the picture found in
the National Archives
suggests Earhart survived a crash
landing in the Marshall Islands and was
taken prisoner by the Japanese military
analysts say the image shows a woman who
looks like Earhart and a man who appears
to be her navigator Fred Noonan and is
legitimate and undoctored Earhart was
declared dead after she went missing
while trying to become the first woman
to fly around the world
a lawsuit filed by a government watchdog
group is challenging the results of
Georgia's special congressional election
Republican karen handel defeated
Democrat John athough 52 to 48 percent
in what was the most expensive house
race ever in the lawsuit Coalition for
good governance and the other plaintiffs
both Republicans and Democrats say the
results should be avoided because
Georgia's touchscreen voting system has
severe scrutiny problems and lacks
verifiable paper ballots a spokeswoman
for Georgia Secretary of State Brian
Kemp said the state is confident in the
results
the Senate GOP health care bill limped
into the July 4th holiday break with a
small but critical group of Republicans
opposed to their own party's attempt at
repeal and replace Senator Susan Collins
of Maine is one of them for now at least
Evan McMorris Santoro met up with
progressives who spent the holiday break
trying to make sure Collins stays in the
know column all they had to do was find
her happy fourth of July
what's your name people in Maine no
Susan Collins she good neighbor
I'm she's awesome we had a cat he's
since gone but he lose his collar he'd
go over to her house and she'd bring it
back I really you know yeah she's an
awesome neighbor even the progressive
activists in downtown Bangor know her
hey everybody you guys are really
grinded yes they don't like her but they
know her how many of you have actually
met Susan Collins a lot of people so
she's pretty accessible no no okay all
right all across the country activists
who want to stop the Republican health
care bill from passing in the Senate set
out to try and confront senators some of
whom didn't want to be found
but Susan Collins told people exactly
where she would be show hands who is
going to protest tomorrow fourth of July
who is doing it in East port refusing
Collins's but progressive organizer Sam
for Tara and his team thought they knew
Collins well enough to bet she was lying
about how she spent her fourth they were
convinced she'd try to fake them out so
when choosing counts without a press
release saying I'm going to be an esport
main in the parade on 4th of July you
know marching along you don't
necessarily know if you can believe it
or not oh no no and in fact it's about
50/50
it turns out she wasn't sucking anybody
two hours north a stone's throw from the
Canadian border with the East port
fourth of July parade it's far away from
basically everything but it still
managed to be the biggest parade in
Maine according to the Bangor Daily News
and right in the middle of it was Susan
Collins exactly where she said she would
be not avoiding anybody not avoiding
healthcare question not avoiding
protesters had any bothered to show up
senator Collins is it possible you vote
YES on the health care bill not on this
version no way do you think people in
Maine don't want you to either I think
that this version has a lot of problems
with it
but we're always working thank you
people who live up here knows using
collins to like Donna Clark voter well
do you want to vote for it or against it
again do you think she'll do that yeah
why are you so confident I'm pretty
confident because the voice of the
people are so many we're a poor state
and there's so many in Maine that would
be hurt by this right now Collins is
happy to tell anyone who asks that she's
voting against the current version of
the Senate Republican health care bill
because as long as her constituents
sound like Donna her no vote doesn't
hurt her if it hurts anyone
it hurts Republicans who've been running
an Obamacare repeal for seven years
the GOP use proposed alternative to
Obamacare includes drastic cuts to
Medicaid and changes the way the
decades-old program is funded if the
bill passes it will have a huge impact
not just on people with lower incomes
but also on the more than 10 million
Americans living with disabilities
Caroline Moda receipt irani went to
Pennsylvania to meet a family whose
independence depends on Medicaid it's
bad guy feminists last night I'm shaking
up to be a big year the 28 year old who
has cerebral palsy and epilepsy and the
brand new job and is house hunting for a
place of his own one of the main things
that's hard for me is like I just got to
make sure everything is pulled up and
the shirts pulled down so I don't look
like a ragamuffin when I go to work by
gays and ready able to live with a
degree of Independence thanks to
Medicaid which paid for in home
caregivers like deja Bobbitt cage is
also a big help for Serge's mom
Vijay who have skeletal dwarfism and
spinal cord injuries and can't
physically help out her son mom yes can
I get through please thank you
she's also unable to foot the bill his
extensive medical costs which add up to
fifty three thousand dollars a year
medicaid covers Serge's medication and
in-home care it also covered extra costs
like his wheelchair and the access
pastor takes him to work
I know everything that allows Sergei to
live an independent life
I wanted to check do you guys have any
mobster for the past month sir I've been
working as a receptionist at Clark a
non-profit Adult Learning Center it's
his first paying job and the part-time
gig means he pulls in around $300 a
month
it's very rewarding for me personally I
love helping anybody and this this
probably couldn't have happened at a
better time why do you say that because
I'm getting paid this is kind of the one
thing that I can say I earned it I can
say I did what I needed to do for on and
utilize a lot of Medicaid Services oh of
- let's read it absolutely and I think
one of the biggest freedoms for me is
them having Medicaid cover access
because I love my mom and everything but
I also love getting out on the weekends
going places doing things that I want to
do the turgid life will change
drastically if a Republican health care
bill go through the GOP is proposing per
capita caps on Medicaid spending which
over time will dramatically reduce the
amount of money states have to fund the
program I could lead to things like in
home care services being cut
Nancy Murray the director of a nonprofit
advocating for people with disabilities
if helping Sergey find a home of his own
the kinds of services that Sergey guess
are cost prohibitive you know you could
even be of an upper upper middle class
and couldn't afford those services if
Sergey did not have a Medicaid Waiver to
receive those services in his home
Sergei would be in an institution and
then there's no independence in an
institution there that's Sergei the fear
of Sergey returned to an institution is
palpable because his mom DJ adopted him
from a Russian children's home when he
was just five years old how far back do
I need to keep her DJ has fought to keep
Sergei out of nursing homes she works
full-time at an HIV clinic at the
University of Pittsburgh where her
private health insurance covers all of
her medical bills Sergey is too old to
be covered under her plan and his
medical bills are too expensive without
Medicaid Sergey and I would not be able
to live independently we would not be
able I wouldn't be able to work because
I'd have to be at home taking care of
him
Medicaid has truly been that safety net
for us that has allowed us to fill that
gap between what other people may not
need in what we need to not be in a
nursing home do you think that not just
the general public but the politicians
crafting these bills have an actual
clear understanding of how it will
impact people's lives like a fellow I
think they think that people on Medicaid
are loafers and you all had met Sergei
and there's not any bit of him that is
lazy so
he works harder than anybody I know if
they take away this they take away our
freedom they take away everything that
makes us just normal as everybody else
Donald Trump is convinced that millions
of illegal voters cost him the popular
vote in 2016 and even though there's no
evidence to support that claim the
president put together a special
commission to prove himself right
last week the Commission made its first
big move demanding that all 50 states
turn over reams of data on who voted but
the states are having doubts today the
governor of Arkansas and the New Jersey
Secretary of State joined a growing list
of officials who are rejecting some or
all of the government's request
Alexander Jaffe explains what's at the
center of the dispute president Trump's
election integrity commission is asking
states only for information publicly
available under the laws of your state
but it's a long list of information they
want along with basic information like
voters addresses party registration and
voting history the Commission is also
requesting things like the last four
digits of their social security numbers
felony convictions and military status
if publicly available in some states
like Colorado the law prohibits
releasing Social Security and driver's
license numbers the response to the term
administration's request most states
regardless of the law are refusing to
release sensitive information like that
but other states like Nevada are
required by law to let officials inspect
their voter rolls why would the
government want all this data in the
first place
in theory to see if people are illegally
voting in more than one state but Rhode
Island secretary of state told us she's
concerned that the head of the
Commission Kansas secretary of state
Kris Kobach
has his own agenda that of course will
worry people when you see a request
coming for a lot of information for a
person who has been shown in a build
state to be disenfranchising individuals
Kris Kobach is notorious for his
fear-mongering around voter fraud
specifically the idea of non-citizens
voting illegally he championed a law in
Kansas that requires people to show a
birth certificate passport or
naturalization papers to register to
vote but he's only won nine voter fraud
convictions since 2015 and only one of
those was against a non citizen and yet
he keeps saying stuff like this about
the 2016 election well we do know that
there's a very large number it'll be
impossible to ever know what the exact
number is of nonsense but it's not
millions I think it probably was there's
no proof that anything close to a
million people committed voter fraud in
the last election officials we talked to
who are ignoring the Commission's
request but their biggest problem isn't
even the database itself it's the object
they're worried that the database could
get Kovac more ammunition and a bigger
platform than ever before to undermine
Americans trust in their election system
and that could mean more people tuning
out staying home and giving up on voting
altogether that's not a huge concern for
Kovac though he's voted in just about
every election since 1996 how do we know
that
waiting to add voter file he votes at
the Lecompton city home we know all this
because just like the information Kovac
wants about voters nationwide hidden
information is free and easy to find on
the campus Secretary of State's website
when Isis linked militants took control
of Marawi more than a month ago the
Philippine government responded by
declaring Martial Law in the region and
launching an all-out siege on more than
400,000 people have fled their homes and
while most have found shelter with
relatives and nearby towns and villages
more than eighteen thousand are confined
to overcrowded evacuation centers but
there are still hundreds trapped inside
the city waiting for help and hoping to
make it out alive this volunteer rescue
team traveled deep inside merawi to find
those unable to escape
that'll interest you we have to get
anyone to learn one Caliban denotes a go
me I'm trained for different is a
typhoon flooding but man-made disaster
like this armed conflict we're all new
here only to further all-new especially
with those flying would've Clara part of
the chasm has been saving the lives of
trapped civilians can see this division
in movies pictures of buildings said
people in the streets you know what ago
I never really imagined that it would
happen here especially in our homes and
I don't know I can't explain it's it's
like oh another second you about every
time you step out just actually the
first time my foot won't step on the gas
when I was going to go out the ready but
what I just thought of was if I was on
the other side hope somebody will to
also thank you did you succeed what
proportion of Deputies fell unsafe the
gating inside inside the business that's
why we're so dependent with the military
as long as they give their signal we'll
just go in but nervous the risk only
dress t work is live the military is now
preventing these teams from entering the
battle zero
let's go back one gear on binocular
instead the governor's even listed to
help with this and former rebel leader
who goes by the nickname in Mardin do
you know that the guys were fighting yes
most of them I know they try to trust me
not just my friends Yara sometime blood
AGGA Concha Reef have been helping
broker a peace deal between the
government and the isis-linked militant
group Marte
are you in daily communication with the
motor brothers yes actually last what is
very big dream I contacted 3 a.m. today
nice residence who are you they were
fine and what did they say about the
situation and memories the situation
with Aaron
you will die each other you will rather
die than to sleep I am very sad that
happy because the victims it's
specifically not them because they may
be d-die you will marry virgins in the
according to people but the problem
accessibility the northern has
successfully negotiated through people
dog along civilian safe passage from the
water
but these passageways only lasted a
matter of hours disappointing so if you
do manage to escape find our ways in
military checkpoints like this ones the
pros are families and queens of
perspective Muslims
they can help
make it happen anymore don't worry
Daniel 11 and other yes
many of them end up in overcrowded
evacuation centers were resources this
is little guys have a nameless make me
I can tell most of all - as the fighting
was flaring up around them mmm in below
Auguste was going into labor she gave
birth just after arriving the chauffeur
nearly very nicely hi inaudible
and our religion about you you can you
believe
but the chances of these residents
finding their missing family members are
looking increasingly big and with the
conflict now entering its seventh week
the military has warned that the current
death toll of over 400 will only rise in
the weeks to come
Fresno California is home to one of the
largest Sikh communities in the u.s.
it's a place where community leaders say
they've fallen victim to post 9/11
prejudices marginalization and even hate
crimes the National Stick campaign is
trying to change that in part by
embracing an iconic American pursuit
vice news went on the field on the 4th
of July as six in Fresno hosted a minor
league baseball game in a new effort to
change public opinion one pitch at a
time my name is maja and today I am
going to be throwing the first
and all the babies want to make me begin
it
ladies and gentlemen throwing out our
first bitch representing the Pres no
capture of the national seat campaign
let's welcome make obscene I better make
sure you get it America has a lot of
ports but baseball is probably one of
the most interactive with the community
itself the biggest thing with the
community is that they don't fit in well
with the the current community right now
everyone's still trying to learn how to
fit in and I think baseball is kind of
like fitting in with the rest of the
American community and I think that
Fletcher's baseball I've been to a few
grizzly games I've never seen so many
people my face here I've never seen so
many bright terming colors people
walking around saying hello to each
other it's great very feeling bluud red
fourth of July had to keep it the
American dollars being a six we were
celebrating this in the midst of all
other cultures at a baseball game today
it's great because I am able to show
other people what my community stands
for and show them that we are an
integral part of the community as well
and growing up within the Central Valley
it's the place where there is diversity
but not very much understanding of other
faiths or types of people study after
study had showed that federal Americans
do not know who we are where we come
from what stick isn't central and that's
this various campaign is all about we
want to make sure our fellow Americans
and all who take down what disturbance
enter this is my first times I serve a
function we don't really go out and do
sort of public things because we don't
you know anywhere you go you get stared
at you people wonder about you so you
think it's better off I'd say hello you
know in middle school Osama bin Laden
thousand times got killed and say oh
yeah this shot you know what do you feel
about that me not not even being Muslim
you know just me be wearing a turban and
him wearing a turban Osama winter but
you know that they find that relation I
think it's the same being looked down
upon by the way you look you know that
makes you feel less American give
Americans of all about diversity
distinction and being different than
everyone else not just being like a part
of something just basically look like
them fitting in is a kind of like the
American Dream you know you know
everyone comes here and everyone wants
to be treated the same you know not
based off what the race is what what
they look like you know what they wear
or their sexuality or anything like that
people will should know about these so
he's really endured a lot of things like
many other religions and face but
they're all really asking for is
acceptance a little patience a little
bit of open-mindedness
that's my fuse tonight for Wednesday
July fit
you
