president moon jae-in of south korea
arrived in washington today in this
evening he began two days of meetings at
the White House at the top of the agenda
is figuring out how to stop North
Korea's nuclear program neither country
currently has a proven strategy but even
if they can't agree on a way forward an
even more daunting step may lie ahead
direct negotiations with the North
Koreans themselves ambassador Mitchell
Reese learned just how hard that can be
when he served as lead negotiator with
Pyongyang during the Clinton
administration the key difference is the
vast cultural gulf the isolation is
significant what that means in terms of
day-to-day negotiating is that you have
to proceed through three different sets
of traps the first is you have to make
sure that you share the same concept do
they have the same concept of nuclear
weapons if you do what's the words that
you use are the words similar and that's
where you then get down to the final
level they often ascribed different
meanings to the same and so you go from
concept to word to meaning that takes an
awfully long time so you've got to
prepare yourself to go forward in a very
methodical way you can't make
assumptions that there's similar
cultural touchstones or reference points
they're extremely sensitive about any
references to their leadership often in
these negotiations there was a number of
the security force watching what they
said watching how they behaved and
reporting back to the capital
they don't always have the flexibility
of the freedom to say or act the way one
would assume so how would I sum up
diplomatic history between the United
States and the North Koreans there were
hopes sometimes punctuated by limited
success that we could actually find
diplomatic pathway forward nothing in
the past 50 years has really justify the
continuation of that hope we have to
look towards other options such as
denying them the technology and the
money that they need to build these
programs and making sure the deterrence
remains strong because the North Koreans
are committed to developing nuclear
weapons to protect their regime the
current leaders grandfather started the
program
his father accelerated it's
inconceivable to me that there's any
prize any rewards that we could offer
that would persuade him to abandon the
course that the country has been on for
more than half a century
you
