a handgun injury and the wounds that it
creates is completely different than
something that is created by either an
AR or a shotgun or a rifle the higher
the velocity the bigger the defect of
not just what most people think of as a
bullet hole the force that hits the body
is so fast that there's a blast range
that was the front that was the front
and this is sort of the back side wait a
second so the wound goes all the way
through the leg it's all the way through
the leg yeah
that's how you create that last so it's
front and back Wow
the wound is just as big on the back as
it is the front correct when this
patient first came in the wounds I mean
you have shreddy pieces of skin muscle
I mean if anybody's been hunting and
knows what it looks like after you've
successfully hunted an animal that's
exactly what it looks like
you
