last month Evergreen State College in
Washington went crazy when a professor
of evolutionary biology named Brett
Weinstein objected to a day of absence
when white students and faculty were
asked to voluntarily leave campus
Weinstein branded it a form of racial
segregation a group of student
protesters called him a racist
the confrontation incited further
protests debates over free speech and
claims of systemic racism on campus and
things haven't calmed down tomorrow
evergreen will hold its graduation at an
off-campus location 40 miles away this
is the video viewed by millions that put
Evergreen State and Weinstein in the
national spotlight this is not a
discussion we've lost that one yeah
you've lost that one so what are we
doing here if they don't want to talk to
you well this is part and parcel of
their their central mode they're just
simply shutting down somebody that they
don't want to hear from I am NOT
interested in debate I'm interested only
in dialectic which does mean I listen to
you and you listen to me
why sine has taught at Evergreen State
for 14 years he describes himself as
deeply progressive but has been
denounced as a racist tool of the
alt-right by some students and faculty
Weinstein objected to the day of absence
in a formal protest email to colleagues
arguing that quote one's right to speak
or to be must never be based on skin
color calls for his resignation followed
by virtue of the way they constructed
this you were making a statement by
being on campus that you were not an
Alec and I feel like I am an ally to
people of color in their attempts to
gain equity do you have any sense at
this point of why they want you to
resign well they think that I'm a racist
because if you stand up against one of
these things because you think it's
ill-considered
that you will be brand
is a racist we just wanted to be like
until you're accountable for these
actions you don't get to teach students
at Evergreen you don't get to spread
this problematic rhetoric and instill it
in students yes you're disrupting my
client so at this point we would like
Brett to be fired but that is it's
happening
the administration is refusing to take
action they're choosing to protect this
white since male professor over at
students later that day the students
held a Rockets meeting at which they
presented a list of demands including
the disarming of campus police and
mandatory sensitivity training for all
faculty it's the one point on which the
protesters and Weinstein agree
evergreens embattled President George
bridges has mishandled the crisis I
think the concerns are legitimate
they're articulating ideas that have to
do with race ethnicity power privilege
and we're taking a seven come through
people were criticizing you for using
Hendrix absolutely they were and you
know that seems crazy to people that's
on the outside of ever great it may but
it's noise but the noise has been
effective no you George you don't
want to do anything you have to say be
on your side doors lock all the doors of
the windows bg5 and how many to go in
that room okay to make sure there's no
way
I mean essentially sounded like you're
being held hostage there so if you ready
go to the bathroom you had to go with
two escorts that urine that's what the
students felt was true I was going to go
to them and see well that's what I said
if you want to go to the bathroom I was
going to go to bathroom regardless and
they wanted to escort me I felt yeah why
what why did they will escort you to the
bathroom I don't know did you ask them
no of course not
professor Brett Weinstein joins us
situation on campus grew even more
inflamed after Weinstein went on Fox
News the protesters say his appearance
provoked threats from the alt-right
although Brett has not personally said
you know go out and attack these
students go out and threaten these
students that has been the result of his
actions he has incited white
supremacists and he has validated white
supremacist and Nazis in our community
in in the nation and I don't think that
should be protected by free speech we
received a threat saying that people
come here and execute every single crazy
on campus at that point yeah free
speech yeah yeah yeah when we're dead
when people die and you're sitting here
like well well at least I got too
precious for free speech I'm so sorry
about it your free speech is not more
important than the lives of like black
trans and the protests have been
effective but it's unclear if they're
widely supported many students told us
that they've been hesitant to publicly
dissent
Kirstin who also didn't want us to use
her last name as one of Weinstein
students I'm afraid of having a nuanced
opinion because I'm afraid that my
opinions and I will be stigmatized it's
a rather strange sentence to hear on a
university campus I'm fearful of my
nuanced opinion so I feel that I I do
not have the ability to speak if I have
disagreements with the methods that are
being used in the protest there is this
issue of what I can say and what I can't
say and who's going to dismiss me or
demean me for saying it and that is new
in the American American discourse a
student told me that you're a white
supremacist I'm assuming that students
have said lots of things about me I
don't believe I am I mean if I need you
are but you accept that you might be no
well it depends on what you mean by a
white supremacist what does that mean
I'm a white person in a position of
privilege okay I guess that's part of
the confusion for me is the precision of
language seems to be lost in a lot of
this conversation
it is bridges is a seeded to many of the
students demands but there's a demand he
hasn't given into that Weinstein be
fired
Weinstein won't rule out the possibility
that he's taught his last class at
Evergreen but if he comes back to teach
next semester he can expect the protest
to continue I don't care what happens to
Bret anymore he can go and be racist and
be a piece of wherever he wants to
do that hopefully long term we can just
weed out people like Brett at this point
why not just beat a hasty retreat and
say there's no point in doing this
frankly every every student in that
hallway who had chosen to make that
protest has a clue about where they're
going wrong but I think that my standing
there did some good
