have you ever heard the wind around no I
haven't my dad has and I've heard a lot
of people who have heard it so I think
it's very real it's like a very low I
most like a vibration you think you hear
it but it could be your mind playing
tricks on you in Windsor Ontario across
the river from Detroit hundreds of
residents complain of a low rumbling
it's one that keeps them up at night and
rattles their windows and it's been loud
enough to crack eggs but no one knows
for sure where the sound comes from this
is the West recorded these are that's
West back there in the corner you came
to see exist the South recorder and then
way over here is a noise recorder and
they get synced and pulled off and put
back out every 24 to 48 hours
there are 1500 members in the Windsor
hum Facebook group who have dedicated
themselves to tracking down the origins
of the hum Mike Provost runs the group
he lives in a town called old sandwich
and it's apparently where the hummus
loudest so you guys collected a terabyte
of audio recording on this thing
actually no I've gotta both a terabyte 8
terabytes okay I want to hear it this
thing sounds like you're sure I'm
positive I understand this vibrates on
the floor and everything so you're not
really getting it clear okay but you
it'll give you an idea
I would drive me insane Provost is
pretty sure that the hum is America's
fault
more specifically he thinks is coming
from Zug Island often known as Detroit's
area 51 the island located in the
Detroit River nearly five miles from
Detroit itself is owned by US Steel and
the company won't say specifically what
goes on there it's closely guarded by
private security and homeland security
officials but we try to get as close as
we could can go as the crow flies unless
we had a helicopter which we don't have
today
Kevin Bachus is a charter fishing
captain who works in Detroit so I don't
really know much about what's down there
people say stay away from there but I
don't know why so all this black
that Sun Island that's an island
I don't even know about none of these
 but uh you can hear you hear the
horrible noise this is a restricted area
defined by Homeland Security regulation
yeah I mean it kind of similar what
we're hearing across the river there's
definitely some depth to what I hear in
other words deep maybe across the river
they may not be able to hear this
machine they might only be able to hear
that low Rumble that's just what I'm
guessing from what I'm hearing what the
heck do I know I'm a fishing charter cab
for Christ's sake in 2014 the Canadian
government commissioned a report about
the hum which we obtained through the
Freedom of Information Act researchers
set up microphones around Windsor but
due to some cross-border politics they
weren't allowed to investigate on the
island itself the report concludes that
the sound is most likely coming from Zug
Island but they can't be sure
and no one's positive why only the
Canadian side of the river can hear it
as far as I'm concerned is the Detroit
hum it's not the Windsor hum because we
don't admit it we just experienced it
it's nothing much we can do in the
Canadian side we have nothing between
Canada United States that actually deals
with noise and vibration and you could
call it what you want at the end of the
day it's not good for international
relations it's it's that that frequency
that is driving us crazy all's we have
to do is have somebody come up and say
yeah okay we're making a noise we're
working on muffling it and we don't
think we can fix it or sorry and then
we're happy
