the prisoners who can't afford a lawyer
usually can't afford bail either they
wait indefinitely for their trials the
jailhouse is filling up this universe
built house 42 and their 67 in here
today so obviously we have to load up
some of the cells with more than two
people and we have what we call boats
and there they're just basically plastic
type mattresses and somebody has to
sleep on the floor there's four people
in my team and I feel the Sun for two of
you are in the boats we saw on human aim
there can't be anybody
oh wow they don't even have the boats
that we saw because the boats wouldn't
fit in here why not the Hilton that's
for sure
in addition to what we have here we also
got 115 inmates house and other counties
outside the facility because we don't
have the beds warm
the county will pay a million dollars
probably slightly over a million dollars
this year in how to house out of County
housing cost
you
