there's no doubt you've had a lot of
talk from both sides of the climate
change debate that's by design they've
each spent tens of millions of dollars
to change public policy and public
opinion but while each side argues about
why climate change is happening the
science is clear that it is happening
are we too far gone to do anything about
it though and what's the real impact it
has on you and your wallet well right
now we're going to find out and as
always we'll break down the issues in
facts figures dollars and cents I'm
joined by a panel of brilliant experts
trying to answer this question what is
the business of climate change
somewhere between 66 and 106 billion
dollars plus the amount of US coastal
property that's projected to end up
below sea level by 2050 and by the 22nd
century that number is expected to jump
to somewhere between 238 and 507 billion
dollars Tim that's happening just the
face of 35 years right what can you tell
us about the pace of this change the
pace of this change of sea level rise
and the storms that are happening that
cause that kind of damage it hasn't been
seen before more and more people are
vulnerable we have communities
businesses so many people living in
coastal areas there's some suggestions
that by 2100 a storm that does the
amount of damage flooding of Sandy could
be a lesser storm a smaller storm but
happen every other year John why is it
happening it's happening probably
because of climate change obviously you
know these are not problems that we
haven't seen before I mean in the past
century the sea level rise were talking
about here now by mid-century is about
one foot on the past century of the sea
level in New York City has risen by a
foot and yet we haven't lost shoreline
we've actually gained land we've gained
a lot of land around lower Manhattan I
mean these are real problems but they're
problems we can cope with I'm also my
health consequences of climate change
well it's tough because there's already
been an increase in heatwave in the
intensity the frequency the duration of
heat waves not just in the US but
internationally it's not just an
inconvenience but people die from the
heat the thing that really matters on
health is how rich you are friends if
there used to be more people dying in
heat waves in New York City
in the 1960s and there are now and it's
not good the temperature was cooler it
is because we have air conditioning now
the irony though with that is that if
you convince more people to just buy
more air conditioners you're doubling
down on the problem right you're
creating more solutions you're not but
you're saving while you're saving some
lives but for people who can't afford
air conditioning what happens to them
they're now suffering twice as much
because you have these people who always
the solution is just to give everybody
or three air conditioner everybody will
get them at the rate we're going
everyone's going to go after solution to
climate change yes I can't agree with
that I think the one silver like people
die in the heat is that your solution no
my solution actually is to support the
policies that reduce the pollution and
increase the resilience that prevent
these deaths in the first place and then
also help prevent future generations
from suffering from the worst of these
impacts and try to solve the problem
altogether let's agree to disagree I
will come back to it but for now let's
move on you may have doubts about
climate change but maybe that's because
there's been a lot of money spent to
make you question the facts take a look
at this five hundred and fifty eight
million dollars that's the amount of
money donated between 2003 and 2010 that
two groups that question the science
behind climate change and get this from
2006 to 2010 the share of the US public
that believe climate change is occurring
dropped by 13 percentage points
Johnnie's the climate debate
manufactured no not at all that
statistic is one of the worst numbers
I've ever seen
really I mean I've actually studied this
question and he basically added up all
the money that has given to conservative
organizations over a period a year most
of these organizations do very little
work at all with climate change it is
not all the money to spend on climate
change and what he should have said it
yeah like more than 90% of the money
isn't spent on climate change they're
groups like the Hoover Institution that
barely does anything on it he has them
in there I'd like to share some
different numbers which is that we have
currently 182 members of Congress who
deny that climate change is a problem
who have received 75 million dollars in
in donations that we know about from
fossil fueled energy interests so public
debate aside there is a concerted effort
to get policymakers to say that they
deny apply it at climate and support
actions that would so many people say
that there are skeptics on climate
it's not that we don't think that the
climate is changing it's that we don't
know how much it's going to change we
don't know how much it's going to warm
and we also there's a big disagreement
about what policies you use and there's
been an attempt to say that if the
greenhouse effect is real we must do all
these things but John there there's I'm
sorry to interrupt there is a big
difference between waiting to see when
the evidence is conclusive a we must
follow this pathway in the urgency of
now we have to do a whole suite of
taking action from preparedness to
reducing carbon pollution now now now
we're going to talk about that little
bit more later on but for now it's time
for our next sophistic there are tons of
ways that we can do our part to combat
climate change but if any of it really
enough the numbers are kind of
depressing here here's a chart showing
the number of metric tons of co2
emissions you'd save over a lifetime by
taking green initiatives increasing your
calls
fuel economy from 20 to 30 miles per
gallon you'll save 148 metric tons if
you use energy-saving light bulbs you'll
save around about 36 tons recycling
paper plastic and cans makes you 17 tons
if you have just one next child you
stand to reduce nine thousand four
hundred and forty-one metric tons of co2
emissions so a we the problem less asked
last night he is the leader of a
voluntary human extinction movement his
group believes the climate crisis may be
a reproductive crisis and until you
combat overpopulation never combat
climate change welcome Liz thank you
joining us you want to tell me a little
bit more about your organization oh yes
it's a very simple idea we are
recommending that everybody think before
they procreate and if people really
think it all the way through probably
won't
that's not like everyone should consider
aside from climate things right there
are a billion people without electricity
there are a billion people hungry we're
not taking care of the people who are
here already planet Earth
would be far better off the biosphere if
there were no homo sapiens no homo
sapien I'm not at all so I think things
are not depopulation right well we're
causing the extinctions of tens of
thousands of other species once what's
one more what what is it what do you
think about that hi my name is Paris we
were saying that you know we should
appropriate I was thinking about like
places in China where they had you know
was enforced about
than my own policy by right but their
air is like ten times worse than ours so
I'm still trying to understand how that
helps right that's an excellent question
because it's estimated there are 400
million fewer Chinese residents than
there would be if they hadn't instituted
that harsh policy however harsh policy
White was considered a human wife's
abuse by some it is and dying of
starvation could be considered a human
rights abuse too and they have had some
serious famines by not procreating as
much they were able to increase their
economy their standard of living is
higher which it should be I mean they've
been having it harsh this silk wasn't
slightly this extreme measures let's
talk about recycling because I think
something that immediately comes to mind
for a lot of people who think about
climate change
who here recycles pretty much everybody
John do you recycle religiously not at
all why not why not why not because I
think we cyclin is mostly a waste of
time it makes sense for paper and for
metals like aluminum but this is the one
of my my hobby horses that it really
cost cities a lot of money to recycle
because it's a lot cheaper to put in the
landfill and it doesn't really do that
much for the environment especially when
you get into stuff like plastic and
these exotic things that really raise
the cost of waste disposal I think we
have a waste problem in this country the
average person produces four pounds of
garbage a day and so what we need to do
is start reducing the amount of waste
that goes into a landfill landfills a
week they leak toxins into our air into
our water they're the third largest
source of manmade methane emissions in
this country we haven't talked about
methane but it's a super pollutant
second only to carbon dioxide and the
landfills that we have now even under
the best technology don't adequately
capture all of those toxins so the more
that we can prevent from getting into
landfills in the first place the better
off we'll be
this is there any questions from the
audience yes we've been told for years
that recycling is an answer so how are
we not supposed to be confused by all
the mixed messages there's not one thing
that you can do that point has changed
the planet there are a series of options
that you can take to save the planet I
think recycling is a good option John
actually had mentioned casually that
some of the some items he thinks should
be recycled and those are items I so I
think we can agree a little bit on
right there are some items where that
contribute to this methane pollution
that should be recycled so food waste
paper food why can't reduce well every
degrees but organic materials like yard
clippings so there are a lot of yard
okay great but I would I want to offer
that these are these feeds amounts these
items when you put them in a landfill
yield the highest amounts of methane and
cause short term climate problems that
we have to prevent so I would recycle I
do recycle all right that does it for
this edition of the business of life I'd
like to thank our panelists for joining
us Tim Danielle John and our special
guest last night thank you for watching
we'll see you next time on the business
of life bye bye
visions of life is made possible by
better money habits with the free
resources carpenters practical knowledge
and take control of your mind
powered by thanks America see more that
our money habits calm
you
