tonight Trump comes home to a mess
Duterte versus Islamic extremists and
sober Spring Break
flooding and mudslides caused by
torrential rains have killed at least a
hundred and ninety four people in sri
lanka nearly a hundred are missing and
half a million have been displaced Sri
Lanka's military is searching for
survivors and Aid has been arriving in
the country but some residents say
they've yet to see it doesn't get maggot
mudslides are becoming more common in
the region as forests are cleared for
tea and rubber exports Isis has claimed
responsibility for two suicide bombs in
Baghdad that killed at least 31 people
during the holy month of Ramadan the
first bomb targeted families breaking
fast and exploded just outside a popular
ice-cream shop hours later a car bomb
exploded during rush hour near an office
where people were collecting pension
payments the Australian government is
introducing legislation that would stop
an estimated 20,000 registered sex
offenders from leaving the country or
getting Australian passports this is the
strongest crackdown on child sex tourism
ever no country has ever taken such
decisive and strong action to stop its
citizens from going overseas often to
vulnerable countries up to abused kids
the government says existing laws
restricting travel for sex offenders are
not working last year more than 250 left
Australia without permission
Timothy Loman the Cleveland police
officer who shot and killed 12 year-old
Tamir rice two-and-a-half years ago has
been fired Loman wasn't dismissed over
the shooting he was fired after
investigators discovered inaccuracies on
his Police Academy application I
relieved that luminous fire as he should
be
he's so never been
these officer anyway in the first real
test of its long-range missile defense
system the US military successfully
intercepted and destroyed an incoming
intercontinental ballistic missile the
test comes a day after North Korea
conducted yet another missile launch its
ninth this year
in Malaysia today the two women accused
of killing the estranged half-brother of
north korean leader kim jeong-hoon
appeared in court wearing bulletproof
vests the two were seen in security
cameras at the Kuala Lumpur Airport last
February
attacking Kim jong-nam with a cloth to
the face authorities say was covered
with VX nerve agent the compound that
the UN considers a weapon of mass
destruction the two women say they
thought the attack was a prank but if
convicted of the murder they could face
the death penalty nothing about the
bizarre case seems to make much sense
and in rural Indonesia the family of one
of the two accused attackers is still
struggling to come to grips with what's
happened to their daughter
yeah the cations gabbo gabbo gabbo gabbo
kimbap amita hama Aniceto phenomenon
Apollo's Caracas Marseille put it on
upside yes the Kanpur lost the easy
among eaten an immoral it don't cry here
I wanna ask our elderly citizen by
Dharma room to whadya but the tongue
Apple to go around guys forgot the
tempeh got by not own sheep in is it
city's parents say she moved to Malaysia
to work as a shopkeeper to earn money to
send back home oh yeah
honorable mayor oh se-hoon browbone la
pomme de la vela my papa mo so timid a
neuron or on a 5 to 10 meter important
abnormal or anomalous city claims she
was manipulated into taking part in the
murder
she says she was offered $100 to
participate in the TV prank video hit
the door one other Saqqara no he don't
get anything but another an elephant
alright - monogamy as narrative you know
a gamble on me
you have an idea the idea trouble
emperor mammalian identity people that's
a lot if they I said to at the
San Bernardino massacre people on yoga
like things yesterday verb or oh mama
couldn't I get to not a book do I know
soup idea depending on the time of soup
I give Monica de Cobo yeah a little
super idea Fulham Palace just about to
get - all right now am i yeah you say ma
about Messiah
it seems so loud he's gonna add a little
money
imma imma eBook
the Philippine Army says it's retaken
half of the southern city of meroe from
the Isis link militants who seized it
eight days ago
which prompted president Rodrigo Duterte
to declare martial law since the
fighting began more than a hundred
people have been killed and over 80,000
have fled to military encampments or
nearby provinces in the civilians who
remain are stuck between ruthless
Islamic rebels and a president who
openly encourages atrocities against his
own people
Haseena
I said yeah was there not enough on
Jesus the rebels had been planning a
number of attacks during the holy month
of Ramadan to earn recognition as a
regional branch of Isis
bodies of civilians killed by the
militants or caught in the crossfire
were recovered over the weekend on
Saturday
Duterte stepped up his offensive against
the rebels
Duterte asked Muslim separatists and
Maoist rebels longtime rivals of the
government to join the fight against
Islamic extremists repetition of them a
bit there's a growing fear that Isis
affiliated groups fleeing the Middle
East are trying to establish a
stronghold in the Philippines last week
Solicitor General Jose Kalidas said that
the violence on the island of Mindanao
is quote no longer a rebellion of
Filipino citizens but Islamic rebels
have deep roots in the country the
government has set up checkpoints and
curfews to prevent a possible spillover
of the fighting but is Nalanda hopalong
the leader of Isis in the country is
still at large
good afternoon historic historic
historic historic historic historic with
that take your questions
team from was back in Washington good
afternoon I'm at mint Sean Spicer was
back behind the podium leading the press
briefing the first time in a long time
their lives but it was literally like he
had never left the eight days the
president spent abroad did nothing to
tamp down the fires the White House has
been trying to put out is before he left
town in fact with all the news of the
widening Russia investigation and slow
progress on legislative priorities like
tax reform and health care the situation
at the White House might actually be
worse and Saturday's 30-minute press
briefing was essentially the last two
weeks the Trump administration condensed
into one sitcom episode just nine days
the first 10 minutes we're spies you're
talking about how great the president's
trip went who we met what he did it was
an unprecedented first trip abroad just
four months into this administration but
then he opened the floor to questions
and things went right back to where the
White House doesn't want them to go talk
about Russia Jared Kushner mr. Kirchner
has volunteered to share with Congress
what he knows about these meetings and
he will do the same if he's contacted
and connected with any other inquiry and
that infamous Angela Merkel quote well
respectfully that's not what she said so
since you're misquoting the Chancellor
let me read what she actually said she
said the time when Europe could rely
solely on others is somewhat in the past
and as I have witnessed over the past
few days Europe must take its fate into
its own hands this means working in
friendship with the u.s. the UK and
neighborly relations with Russia and
other partners that's great that's what
the president called for this first
briefing back showed basically every
congenital defect of trumps governing
style president does something they
tweet about something else changing the
subject from the first thing
the people the president pays money to
to communicate for him had three days to
prepare for this briefing for all the
questions that were coming and still
they were left throwing their hands in
the air
ultimately the best messenger is the
President himself he's always proving
that eventually of course the whole
thing devolved into an argument about
fake news and this one Spicer was
actually right when he'd quoted a false
tweet sure Friday the president was
having a great discussion at the g7 and
someone from the BBC and ultimately an
incoming reporter from the air Times
retweeted that the president was being
rude by disrespecting the Italian prime
minister but he tried to use it to
castigate the entire media another
pretty normal Trump tactic everyone
started arguing each other
the briefing ended when Spicer walked
out
in 2010 to Los Angeles County police
officers entered a backyard shed
occupied by a homeless couple angel
Mendez and Jennifer Lin Garcia the cops
were looking for an escaped parolee but
they didn't have a warrant for the shed
when the officers pushed open the door
Mendez got up from his bed while holding
what turned out to be a BB gun
the officers greeted him with a hail of
bullets Mendez lost his leg in Garcia
who was pregnant at the time was shot in
the back the couple sued and the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals eventually
decided that even though the shooting
itself was reasonable the officers were
still liable because they provoked the
shooting by entering without a warrant
LA County and the officers were ordered
to pay Mendez and Garcia four million
dollars today though the Supreme Court
unanimously overturned that decision
ruling that if the shooting itself was
reasonable the fact that the cops
provoked the incident was irrelevant the
decision means Mendez and Garcia are
unlikely to collect the four million
more importantly it means that going
forward it'll be even more difficult to
hold police officers accountable for
questionable shootings
for decades human beings have played
games against computers at first
computers struggle but then they started
winning Watson what is freed yes so now
they've become so dominant that they're
raising doubts about the future of
humanity the latest emblem for
existential dread is google's deepmind
project which created alphago an AI
program that's become unbeatable at the
most complex strategy game on the planet
while the game of checkers has 10 to the
power of 20 possible outcomes and a game
of chess has 10 to the power of 40
possible outcomes dough has more than
ten to the power of 80 possible outcomes
alphago is trained to analyze situations
itself by breaking the game down into
tiny parts and visualizing all possible
moves last week it can play the world's
best co player 19 year-old Cochin
but the help of a human handled alphago
beat him three times and after doing
what it was designed to do retired from
the game that does a p7g hole that
you're putting a team would halt watches
a cat do what are you just a passenger
back if a system like alphago can learn
all the moves in go well enough to beat
a person then it has the potential to
replace lawyers and accountants among
dozens of other jobs it might be perfect
but it has no way to navigate human
politics the Chinese government banned
the livestream after juror lost the
first game the loss to an American
company was an attack on the country's
pride the Chinese government has made a
big effort to proclaim that they are
moving ahead rapidly in artificial
intelligence that they will be the
people who dominate AI that have the
dreaded Google come in and beat China at
its own game it's just piling insult on
top of install that's kind of amazing
but it was more than a national crisis
they were our attention away to the
sanity rocket engine have an agenda for
a decision innovation I to title the
vena cava
on Memorial Day weekend hundreds of
young Mormons converged on duck beach on
North Carolina's Outer Banks for their
version of spring break but they're not
there to party or hook up most of them
are on a mission to get married
you probably will not see a dude who's
over six foot around here who's single
he already snapped up it's actually
pretty normal at least in DC what the
number really to one of girl the guy in
the Mormon community that was one year I
came down with a couple of my
girlfriends and the three of us spent
all our time together
there was another year I came and I was
only here for the weekend and I had 48
hours and all I wanted to do was meet
guys and we know people that have gotten
married from eating here yeah we call it
a duck Beach miracle job in DC I tell
people something to warm it Spring Break
they're like Mormons began what on earth
is this so I told about it and they
would crack up like we gotta go and
check this out like it's really not
quite when you think like it's a bunch
of people on a beach not drinking no
he's drinking but everyone's getting
wild jumping in the pool
you have you in third years paying the
upwards to the thousand likes legal
Mormons converging I think for some
people there is an expectation or hope
of like okay maybe we'll need somebody
and I actually truth be told I've had
dozens of friends meet their spouse
their spirit duck over the years they're
raised like looking forward to the day
you get married in the temple and and so
when you're older you're like okay you
know what's going on I think it is an
appealing idea that like you could come
in and meet people from all across the
country that were like that shared the
same ideals as you share the same faith
as you and so it was whether or not you
met like someone that you'd fall in love
with or just meet friends I took very
very seriously my might need to go to
college and to prepare for a career and
now I've entered a career and I'll be
advancing with with graduate school but
also my greatest desire is to be a wife
and a mother and I want that more than
anything our dearest father in heaven
were so grateful for this day we're
grateful for the opportunity we have to
be together as friends we're so grateful
for all the many blessings that that was
given us if and we see these things in
the name of thy Son Jesus Christ amen
no sick
I'm digging this one this is dove brings
me back
sounds like something I used to put on
dim lock back in like oh three tight
jeans no shirt on long hair my cuts all
over his chest from scratching himself
and going crazy on stage black lips
black lips dope
I saw except my tongue
the voice is still recognizable - okay
this is a girl it's a girl Jeff really
something you using wrong calm it's the
part in the rom-com where you start
smiling you're all happy happy vibes
blondie
it's blondie Wow okay how did I not know
that Deborah Harry's voice so wavy
chance where the beaver Lil Wayne
Callies on a roll man he just doesn't
stop he's every hit he's got a hit back
to back to back unstoppable
those boys
definitely got this accent that I can't
place misterwives misterwives
never heard of them were they from New
York from New York
think your bar see we hear this
you're like something's bursting out of
you you know it's like it's definitely
the whole emo core era comes back to me
you know when I listen to his lyrics and
the way that mics flowing and he's
building this tension and Chester comes
in sores his vocals out
I love Linkin Park man that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday May 30th
