around our series on the bike we've
documented the global impact of climate
glaciers melting in Greenland ice sheets
disappearing in Antarctica a big beach
trip we've even met some of the first
refugees displaced by sea-level rock
this season how we wanted to concentrate
on the cost of climate change and as
environmental conditions worsen focus on
who will ultimately pay the bill
so we're here in Miami and as you can
see the water is coming over the seawall
what makes that crazy is that right next
to it we have constructions are actually
building condos right against the sea
walls that are already flooding but the
problem isn't just with water coming
over the seawall because as you can see
here because Miami is mostly limestone
it's porous so the water is just coming
up from literally under the street this
is the so called sunlight floods it's
not raining and this is the problem that
Miami faces it's got some of the most
at-risk real estate asset in the world
and there's a construction boom going
the flooding happening so we're going to
see the cost of global warming sea level
rise and actually who's going to pay for
it during superstorm sandy in 2012
waters around New York twelve to
fourteen feet ultimately causing sixty
five billion dollars worth of damage now
almost everyone was surprised at the
extent of the destruction except for
Swiss reinsurance a global insurance
company the years earlier had predicted
and prepared for the damage a storm like
sandy would inflict on New York New York
Bay and Long Island would be inundated
by a flood due to a category three storm
thirteen feet of sea water 17 feet was
not out of the question
we spoke to the company's chief property
underwriter Monica ning√∫n to find out
how rising sea levels would impact Miami
you guys do risk assessment you did risk
assessment on New York and then Sandy
happened what's the risk assessment here
so when you think about risk we don't
predict when it's going to happen we
really look at if it happens one of the
consequences what this map shows you is
if there's a three foot rise in sea
level which is the scientific consensus
by the end of the century the dark blue
is going to be the area that's
underwater it's a hundred forty five
billion trillion 145 billion in property
assets and three hundred thousand homes
so if you go to six feet you now have
five hundred and forty four billion
dollars of property values
absolutely the baddest you have 1.4
million homes as an insurance company if
you're saying okay well the floods are
going to get worse and by the way real
estate is getting more expensive what
are the costs look like when you look at
the residential properties in the u.s.
that's where they're insured by the NFIP
today that's where all of the risk goes
the NFIP is the National Flood Insurance
Program run by FEMA that provides
coverage for homes in the u.s. at
affordable rates regardless of risk so
they have people in higher hazard areas
that are being subsidized by people in
lower areas now what that means is the
program can offer cheaper rates to
participants in flood prone regions
because it's subsidized by the federal
government but as harsher storms are
hitting the coastline the cost of this
program are piling up
unfortunately it's running in the Reg
how much is it losing now I think it's
about 20 billion dollars incest it's 20
billion in debt so there's sort of
robbing from Peter to pay Paul and they
expect that the government is going to
bail them out if storms and storm surges
are getting worse we're already 20
billion pots of debt then they won't be
able to bail people oaks they won't have
any money yeah so the NFIP has a
borrowing limit and when they've reached
that limit they have to go back to the
Treasury and ask for more money it's
everybody's best guess as to what that's
going to look like
today Miami Beach is already trying to
do something about the rising tide the
mayor who recognizes the threat posed by
climate change
is now spending nearly half a billion
dollars citywide on projects to mitigate
the rising sea levels but remarkably
this isn't the trend across Florida
which stands to lose thousands of square
miles of land mass if current sea level
rise projections hold but all of this is
seemingly lost on Florida Governor Rick
Scott who has actually gone so far as to
ban the state's Department of
Environmental Protection from actually
using the phrases climate change and
global warming in official documents now
when we first started shooting this
story governor Scott seemed to be one of
the last holdouts against the global
scientific and political consensus that
climate change must be addressed and
furthermore must be addressed now with
President Obama himself leading the call
to action and no challenge no challenge
poses a greater threat to future
generations than climate change that's
why I will not let this Congress
endanger the health of our children by
turning back the clock on our efforts I
am determined to make sure that American
leadership drives international action
now historically a problem has always
been that America China and the
developing world could never agree on a
mission standard but finally because of
the seriousness of the situation on
April 22nd 2016 world's major carbon
emitters including the United States and
China for the first time came together
and ratified the Paris agreement
finally the world's politicians have
woken up to the immediacy of climate
change and the reality that will find to
the consensus
dinah political upset in America set the
stage to slow down and potentially even
reverse the application of the Paris
Protocol of America Donald Trump
president Trump himself a climate change
denier has not only promised to pull out
of comparison greement but has filled
top cabinet and government positions
with people who are allies of and in
some cases key players in the fossil
fuel industry and many of them still
publicly doubt a human effect on climate
change the science is not settled on
this it's because you have a group of
scientists in stood up and said here is
the fact Galileo
got outvoted for a spell anybody that
tells you that God has figured out is
not being truthful with you there are
too many complexities around climate
science for anybody understand all of
the cause and effects and the
consequences of what you may choose to
do to attempt to affect that in reality
the clean power plan is nothing more
than an attempt by the EPA to expand
federal agency power at the expense of
state energy power generation you know
Obama said the biggest problem we have
is global warming and by the way it's
supposed to be 70 degrees today it's
freezing here
speaking of global warming where is we
need some global warming almost
overnight the most powerful political
entity in the world the executive and
legislative branches of the United
States government are now led by climate
deniers leaving America as the sole
outlier in the developed world now
confused as to why so many people still
don't believe in global warming and
question climate science even in the
face of global scientific consensus we
spoke with Harvard professor and
investigator Naomi Oreskes who has spent
more than a decade analyzing the
skepticism around climate change many of
us think that climate science is
unsettled because that's what we've been
told for 25 years the whole crux of the
climate denial campaign is to persuade
us that the science is unsettled and we
don't really know now how does that
strategy work well a large part of the
strategy is to use the media
spread that message to present quote
both sounds of the issue man is the
cause of a warm is the science settled
about that there's been a disconnect
between what the scientific unit has
been saying and the way it's been
presented in the media 97% of climate
scientists say we are experiencing to
develop highly done I don't know sir
there is this National Academy is not
such a service they took what was really
a political debate and they dressed it
up as if it were a scientific debate if
you actually listen to what scientists
are saying if you leave the scientific
literature you see there is a consensus
about climate change between 97 and 99
percent say absolutely climate change is
real it's happening it's underway it's
caused by people the stories like myself
have known for a long time that academic
and government scientists were already
talking about climate change in the
1960s and 70s what we've learned
recently is at Exxon Mobile new - now
this story goes all the way back to
inclimate science was in its early
stages due to our release through
factories and automobiles every year of
more than 6 billion tons of carbon
dioxide which helps air absorb heat from
the Sun our atmosphere seems to be
getting warmer this is bad well it's
been calculated a few degrees rise in
the earth's temperature would melt the
polar ice cap
what's particularly troubling to me is
we know that in private the oil and gas
companies were aware of the science they
understood it was a serious threat in
public they told us it wasn't scientific
evidence remains inconclusive as to
whether human activities affect the
global climate in fact many of their own
in-house scientists were working with
government scientists at the Department
of Energy that they load memos and
reports to Exxon executives explaining
the climate change have a potential to
be both a serious problem for Humanity
and also a serious business challenge
for Exxon one of the tragedies of the
story is that we know from an
investigative reporting that Exxon Mobil
understood it before most everyone else
when there still was a lot of time to do
something about it when it wasn't too
late to stop and instead when the
science becomes clear and the public
begins to learn about it Exxon makes a
complete about-face and goes into denial
mode so they really have this drumbeat
of uncertainty an example of this
messaging can be seen by former Exxon
CEO Lee Raymond in a 2005 television
interview there is a natural variability
that has nothing to do with me the
climate has changed every year for
millions of years it has to do with
sunspots it has to do with the wobble of
the earth
Ison when advertisement when your time
that followed the doubt mongering
strategy the science isn't really
settled there are a lot of uncertainties
the model the time models are very
uncertain and then we see a big influx
of fossil fuel money to a whole set of
what they call third-party allies same
things that are 501c3 is supposedly
nonprofit organizations that do
political work that include the Cato
Institute the American Enterprise
Institute the Competitive Enterprise
Institute the Heartland Institute
millions or even billions of dollars
tax-deductible dollars were being
funneled so that means that we the
taxpayers are actually subsidizing this
political activity to prevent controls
on greenhouse gas emissions
don't you think that when you write the
report you ought to at least have
somebody who know something about
son please one scientist frequently used
by these think tanks is dr. Willie soon
speaking here at a Heartland Institute
sponsored event who Ellis traits the
depth of connections the fossil fuel
industry has in the skeptic community
because in February 2015 it emerged that
dr. Soong had received a total of 1.25
million dollars from a combination of
ExxonMobil Southern Company the American
Petroleum Institute and the Charles G
Koch foundation dr. Soong has since
denied that his work was influenced by
the fossil fuel industry now in addition
to funding think-tank the oil and gas
industry has also dramatically increased
the amount of money it donates the
political candidate from twelve point
three million a year in 1990 to sixty
four point four million in 2014 and over
the last 15 years those companies have
tripled their funding for lobbyists
reaching a hundred and thirty million in
2015 alone
now this kind of debate over scientific
consensus is following the familiar
pattern of another national debate that
we've seen before
do you believe nicotine is not addictive
I believe nicotine is not addictive yes
I think there's a great deal of doubt as
to whether or not cigarettes are harmful
why do ninety-eight percent of smokers
never get anything that's an interesting
question or water non-smokers getting
lung cancer
doesn't all add up to the fact that we
don't know and nobody knows
they knew the tobacco was killing people
they knew that their products was deadly
and they talked about it among
themselves in private but in public they
told us that it wasn't true we're not
really sure there's a lot of
uncertainties many things caused cancer
and therefore we shouldn't have the
government interfering in the
marketplace to protect us from the harms
of tobacco now almost the exact same
strategy that were employed by big
tobacco are now being used to deny
climate change and in some cases it's
being done by the exact same people in
fact at the Heartland Institutes
international conference on climate
change which we attended the headliner
that year was dr. Fred singer a
Princeton educated astrophysicist and
leader in the climate denier movement
over the last 20 years
carbon dioxide is not a pollutant please
carbon dioxide is not a pollutant it's
good for you singers work was also used
by the tobacco industry to help
perpetuate doubt around some of the
dangers of smoking I still think that
the EPA has cooked the data on
secondhand smoke and other organizers
including Heartland President Joe bass
published reports questioning some of
the health risks of tobacco
we don't see the data that backs up the
public claims at overwhelming of the
prices let's just put it this way there
are a lot of very strong parallels with
what the tobacco industry did and courts
have found that the tobacco industry
behavior was illegal and just like big
tobacco which cost taxpayers untold
billions in health care the cost of
climate change will be astronomical and
if it can be proven that like tobacco
the oil companies are actually at fault
then this could be one of the largest
lawsuits in history now because of this
two states attorneys general have
launched investigations against Exxon
Mobil with fifteen more recently
declaring their public support one thing
we hope all reasonable people can agree
on is that every fossil fuel company has
a responsibility to be honest with its
investors and with the public about the
financial and market risks posed by
climate change New York Attorney General
Eric Schneiderman
is spearheading an investigation to find
out exactly what Exxon knew and when I
know it's early days in the
investigation and I sure don't want to
you know corrupt that in any way but why
is this happening now how is it going
for there's really I think a change in
public attitude because people are
associating changes in the weather that
they're actually seeing and experiencing
in their lives and you can't deny it
anymore I mean we know that the water in
New York Harbor is a foot higher than it
was in the early 20th century
because that's not because some fancy
science that's because we take
measurements all right this is not
something that requires a degree in
physics and we know that there are
people getting flooded here in South
Florida all over the United States and
situations where they window before we
know it's happening and we want to find
out what the fossil fuel companies knew
one company that the Attorney General
successfully bought legal action against
is Peabody Energy because the lawsuits
found
that the company misled its shareholders
by saying that there weren't reliable
projections for how climate change would
affect their businesses
now ExxonMobil has made a similar
argument that there are no reliable
models for predicting climate change in
the case of Peabody we learned that they
were doing studies to predict the impact
on the coal market of climate change and
government actions to deal with climate
change but they were telling their
shareholders it was impossible to
estimate if you have studies and you are
able to estimate the impact on the
market for coal it can't tell your
shareholders that it's impossible to
estimate market for coal so they lied to
their shareholders they've agreed that
they're going to restate all of that and
it's something that we believe exists
with other companies
ExxonMobil obviously the biggest and
most profitable energy company I think
in the history of the world
we're interested in what science they
were using and what they knew they
publicly have stated their CEOs told
Congress in 2010 there is no competent
model to predict climate change we think
there is a competent model and we think
they probably were using it and that
former ExxonMobil CEO that used this no
reliable model argument is Rex Tillerson
who ran ExxonMobil for ten years and now
is the Trump administration Secretary of
State now before moving into government
Kellison oversaw the largest fossil fuel
company in the world and as late as 2010
he testified that Exxon still had no
reliable models available to predict
climate change being a science and
engineering company we understand the
science we understand the difficulties
of modeling
and if we look at the competency of
those models there is not a model
available today that is competent we
think they use the best science for
their engineering not spending billions
and shareholder dollars drilling in the
Arctic without having the best climate
science to tell them what's happening
now ExxonMobil declined to speak with us
on camera about the lawsuit but they did
reply with a statement acknowledging the
climate change is in fact real and
suggesting that everyone should act to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions now in
terms of the lawsuit they replied and I
quote to suggest that we had reached
definitive conclusions decades before
the world's experts and while climate
science was in the early stage of
development is not credible
now even though Exxon refused to speak
with us directly on the matter we were
able to speak to dr. Morell Cowan a
senior scientist at Exxon Labs for
nearly two decades on the company's
early approach to climate change there
were concerns about the global warming
and they were measuring carbon dioxide
concentration of the atmosphere over the
ocean by putting sensors on an oil
tanker and they did respectable
simulations and they were keeping up
with the advance of climate science the
main the science is very well
established the people running a
corporation like Exxon are not all
stupid they are supporting activities
that enabled them to understand what is
going on in the science on the one hand
and on the other hand they're taking
actions that are Nabal them to slow the
process of change and to play a
significant role in controlling it to
the advantage of the corporation they've
created a situation where they could
deny being deniers now history has shown
that despite their public skepticism
ExxonMobil and other oil companies have
quietly taken climate change science
very seriously
for example in 1989 when Dutch oil giant
Shell spent millions to raise the height
of its offshore drilling platform in
response to sea level rise projections
now this is 25 years ago that oil
companies knew that sea level rise was
happening so much so that they actually
made moves to adapt to it now the
problem with all of this is that oil
companies up until now have been less
than transparent to say the least the
only oil company that bucks that trend
and was willing to be open with us is
state'll one of the largest oil
companies in the world and that's
because it's owned by the Norwegian
government which publicly believes in
climate change and as such is taking
steps to mitigate
we just landed here in the North Sea on
Flagler oil and gas platform one of the
biggest of the world and so we actually
came here to talk to a company that for
more than 20 years has admitted that
climate change was real
they actually supported the Kyoto
Protocol and more than that they did
something about it
so we're going to go around the rig
we're going to see how it functions and
see how actually big oil and gas can do
something to reduce emissions you guys
knew that sea-level rise was happening
Sheldon if you said look we're at the
razor's level of the platform but at the
same time in America billions of dollars
were being spent on saying it wasn't
happening from the very beginning of the
40s history we've been very mindful
about the environmental impact and when
climate and air emissions this is more
attention we looked into that that the
hey let's try to understand this and
let's try to minimize our contributors
stato has deployed technology on its rig
to extract most of the carbon from the
natural gas drilling how much carbon are
you capturing how much are you putting
back in what does that look like nearly
six seven thousand songs easier to think
after and to put that into perspective
that would be like putting 300,000 new
settlers on the road every year
so the Nuge impact but
their carbon capture technology could be
a model for other oil companies thereby
dramatically reducing co2 emissions
around the world what's actually coming
up to here now
that's why gas here at co2 what you're
doing here is you're taking that
separating the oil the gas the co2 and
then a gas goes over to that platform
it's time for sensation of co2 when it
goes over there and when it comes back
it's 2 percentage and then it goes down
a thousand meter below Stephen Statoil
takes the excess co2 from the natural
gas and sequester's it into a mass of
cavity under the ocean where they say
they can store it for thousands of years
the more co2 you take out of the gas the
less co2 gets burned and released into
the others that's true so how many of
these are there in the world these are
driven the only one you guys work for an
oil company yeah do you favor a co2 tax
for oil companies yeah ain't enough
strange that we actually ask for more
taxes these despots with in any way put
the price on carbon so if we tax carbon
more companies will be doing this kind
of thing which reduces the carbon
released into the co2 release in
deputies yeah
now even though oil and gas constitutes
the majority of Norway's exports they
actually impose the tax on energy
production which encourage Statoil to
develop a cleaner way of doing business
now economists widely see carbon taxes
like this as the most efficient way to
make carbon capture and renewable energy
sources more viable for energy companies
a carbon tax of the kind of a pollution
tax if you want to discourage people
from doing something one way to
discourage it is to make that activity
more expensive so if you think about
something like pollution if you don't
want the company to dump pollution in
the air you can charge for that that
creates a financial disincentive for
that activity and encourages the company
to be more efficient in their fuel use
or switch to non polluting forms of
energy like solar and wind and also it
would help reflect the true cost or what
sometimes people call the social cost of
carbon
to absorb damage we don't pay that price
leads to learn car with gas so carbon
tax is a way to make the price reflect
the true cost now today
ExxonMobil publicly states that they
support some form of carbon tax but the
political atmosphere they help shape for
the last three decades patently doesn't
that we would put Americans economy and
jeopardy a staunch at 'old yet it to me
is just it is nonsense all will do is
end up hurting our country our people
especially low income individual and
especially where these programs are
asking us to pass that will do nothing
to help the environment but will be
devastating for our economy in fact of
the top ten recipients of oil and gas
industry money currently holding office
fully nine are climate sceptics and all
ten have repeatedly opposed a number of
carbon tax proposals and EPA regulations
on greenhouse gas emissions President
Donald Trump was one of the top names on
the list we're going to cancel the Paris
climate agreement and stop
unbelievable and stop all payments of
the United States tax dollars to un
global warming programs the new
Secretary of Energy former Texas
Governor Rick Perry famously vowed as
presidential candidate to eliminate the
department he now runs an attorney
general jeff sessions over his career at
a record of launching legislation aimed
at halting landmark climate and
environmental action but perhaps the
most troubling of all is the former
Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson the man
who ran the company at the center of the
ongoing Attorney General's new york's
escalation of now secretary of state now
with president Trump's cabinet so
stocked with climate deniers and his
party's control over the executive
branch Congress the Senate and assuming
his nominee has approved the Supreme
Court American islands the risk of
setting back the clock on global climate
change for the Pacific future there are
going to be a lot of damages associated
Huayra change who's going to pay for
that right now the model we have is that
we all pay so I think we're going to
increasingly see people raising the
question well maybe companies like
ExxonMobil who needed to sort of prom
and spend money to deny that in public
and to mislead us about these facts they
have some additional fiscal
accountability to help pay for the
damages associated climate change
this is a unique national crisis whose
global vessel and if you are preventing
people from taking action to protect
themselves and putting out bad
information and telling them you can't
rely on all of the scientists who are
all trying to tell the world that we've
got a problem we have to take action on
right now that's pretty serious this is
not something that's going to hurt
people 10 years or 20 years from now
this is something that's hurting people
today and if there are folks trying to
dissuade the public from doing things to
protect the plan and protect themselves
that's a pretty serious offense that's a
pretty serious consequence of fraud
that's so big the only thing that I can
draw a parallel to is Big Tobacco
now that was I believe the largest
settlement in history this seems to be
bigger because those were just smokers
this is everyone it's hard to say
exactly what we'll find but the American
people are very forgiving but once they
understand that they have been wrong
American people can be very tough
you
