today in Caracas and recap relays the
leader of the Venezuelan opposition is
back on his feet and in the streets of
demonstrators after being tear gassed
and beaten by soldiers while leading a
march on a government office on Monday
the direct attack on Capriles a governor
and former presidential candidate
signals a drastic escalation by Nicolas
Maduro government which is suppressing
resistance it's a violent desperation of
an embattled regime Otaki ando todo para
que te dije una situaci√≥n de an archaea
a faggio que tenemos que Vitas lo Venice
or annoy por eso Tom o la calle just
hours after the attack completely sat
down for an interview with vice
co-founder suroosh alvi who spent the
last few days with the opposition in
Caracas so in Caracas now they're
marching and protesting four out of the
seven days of the week and we're going
to March with everyone a couple miles to
the highway where everyone's
congregating there are many many
opposition parties and together they're
under one big umbrella they all come
together and they are protesting Maduro
regime their march is happening all over
the city everybody is congregating in
one place there so the tear gas is
already started because you tell abused
them everybody's just switched
directions and coming back towards us
now we're at the back of the March right
now and I could feel the tear gas
already get our masks on
Linda think of it now these kids are
making mulhouse cocktails as matching
boulders making smaller rocks to throw
your - everywhere
revolution you can feel it on the
streets people aren't afraid that are
ready to fight pretty soon we got word
that in Rican competing opposition
leader and governor's second largest
state in Venezuela had been beaten down
by the National Guard
we're outside the justice first office
the head of the party
Enrique kapinas just got beat down by
the National Guard here and still
teargas and clashing going on they're
about to do a press conference angle
we spoke with Miguel Pizarro a lawmaker
in rising star the opposition was today
unprecedented was a new level reparation
any level the video shows Carlos
pepperoni an assembly member being
cruelly hose down by a water Canada
during the same protests pointing to a
member of the parliament
we've done that's a member of parliament
that's a congress that's then we had a
chance to speak the governor himself
hello governor how are you
oh no nice to meet you imagine our u.s.
hurry over here over yo New York yeah
you've been out there marching you know
almost every day for the last two months
why did things get worse today why did
they get more aggressive today this is
an incredible country Venezuela the
largest oil research in the world means
it has everything
there's no no reason that we don't have
food
there's no reason so and malulu does not
want elections he was right he's saying
that he's going to change the
constitution and he wants to make his
constitution you don't have much is
being equal of a worker here in
Venezuela less than $40 a month very
lonely if you leave with $30 that is
possible so what we do
we are fighting the streets Kai little
democracy fighting for a change
