one chances are you listening to music
pretty regularly but how often do you
pay for it spend just ten dollars a
month for a streaming service and that's
all you need all your favorite bands
right there but does that utopia for
listeners mean poverty for musicians and
does it have to be that way well tonight
we're going to find out and as always
we'll break down the issues in fact
bigger standards and sense I'm joined by
a panel of uniquely qualified experts
eager to answer the question what is the
business of music
let's I'll start off with our first
Assisting 3.3 million that's a number of
albums Adele sold in one week when she
released the album 25 in November 2015
that same week it's another record by
making up 41% of all album sells so
adele is an outlier here right is she
just the 1% of musicians yeah I mean
that stat is exceedingly strange not
only is it essentially impossible like a
unicorn in today's music retail
employment but that she did it in a time
a completely different era at a time
when people simply don't buy records how
did she do it
so Adele did a really important thing
which is activating an audience that is
not who we think of as a traditional
record a record consumer in the current
market hey older Oh table someone who's
conditioned to paying 16 dollars really
do you see if any surprised that one
physical album sold say well I think
it's a statement that music is very
diverse it's more diverse in terms of
distribution channel monetization
opportunities then really at any time in
history other artists are trying to come
up with ways to make people excited to
acquire their music however it is
required I don't think the physical
object is the thing to John's point I
don't think anybody wants the physical
object unless it's vinyl unless they are
older but now we want to talk about
these physical album cells and ethnics
that can help us illustrate that not so
long ago album cells are completely
different in the years 2000 there were
seven hundred and thirty million cells
of physical album recordings by 2008
that number had been cut in half to
three hundred and sixty three million
and by the end of 2015 that number had
dropped by more than half a game so just
under 125 familiar
albums that steep decline is happening
really really quickly why because nobody
wants to buy a record when you can get
it for free I mean you're different 15
2000 and 2008 is nobody had to buy those
records it's an a nostalgia for the
physicality of an album soon that's a
vinyl about vinyl is merch I feel like
if you want to demonstrate loyalty to an
artist that you like you have a way of
spending $25 you can put it up on your
mantle at your house people know that
you're super into the White Stripes and
you can communicate that to your friends
when they come over stephenplays vinyl
so slinky different so viola to most
people that are buying vinyl are also
streaming that content but they want to
have that physical goods so it's a it's
a way of incrementally monetizing your
customer your fan off to all this talk
about streaming this next number may
surprise in 317 billion that's a number
of music streams in 2015 it's close to
double the number of streams in 2014 but
for most musicians those extra streams
aren't bringing in extra dollars just
look at the royalty streaming services
or paying at the top Google Play at
73,000 of a cent per play at the bottom
is YouTube at 310 thousandth of a cent
see those numbers are really really
appalling I think it's actually the
opposite in many ways streaming is
saving the music industry and it's
really restoring the growth that the
industry has been missing for years
streaming is the primary is going to be
and is today particularly among
Millennials and younger generations the
primary way of consuming music so it is
thank you for everyone in the audience
for streaming music put your hands up it
keeps stream music whoa okay feel right
it is the primary way how big of a song
do you have to have things like like
reasonable royalty sort of streaming do
you have to be Drake you have to be
drunk is that the on-loan that's the
answer
first off youtube which is paying the
least is the world's biggest music
streaming service if you took all those
YouTube music listeners and converted
them to $9.99 a month they would be
paying a lot more money than the average
person pays that's why if we convert all
listeners to subscribers streaming can
be
the future and it could begin to pay
better not just for labels but to ours
but that is also not going to happen if
there continue to be deals where
individual artists silo themselves with
India everything's right and that's
right now I subscribe to title I
subscribe to Apple music I subscribe to
Spotify as a peer because I want to
access everything it's part of my job my
fun take if I was a 22 year old kid no I
just be still me do you think streaming
makes it hard or easier for young
artists to break through I think it's
probably easier than ever to make a
little bit of money I think it's harder
than ever to make a lot of money if you
are of the mindset that all your
favourite musicians should be
multimillionaires then you should have
been born 25 years earlier let's move on
tonics at one hundred and sixty three
dollars that's the amount Millennials
spend on music in a typical year as for
where and how they spend it here's the
split 29% goes to live performances 12%
to digital tracks and albums 9% for CDs
and vinyl and another 9% to streaming
services so $163 doesn't sound like a
lot of money
live music industry is actually doing
quite well yeah and that is the
experience that people want to have and
that they are most interested in paying
for we're talking about festivals live
events you go to something like
Coachella you minima Bonnaroo it's I
want to taste of this I want to taste
that I want to taste this don't know if
that's good for artists anymore because
when people go to Coachella they're
going for an experience we won't be the
sort of branded experience right yeah I
can get a little vic mensa
yeah I can get a little lucious I can
get all these artists but do I really
feel committed to any of them am i
walking out well I mean it's important I
think that's actually the metric like
all of these charts are fine but the
real know the real metric is fan
engagement I want to ask if anyone here
is in a band you have anyone that's in a
band you univ and together we're in a
band called red oblivion we also play in
a band called Ellen and the degenerate
and Kyle's did you make any money out of
those careers we do nine to five but we
have made money do you have to work
other jobs on the side absolutely and
those other jobs music relates you don't
know sometimes a lot of times what we
find that we have to do is like work in
lots of different bands nowadays with a
lot of musicians you have to just like
put all your eggs and all these
different basket
rather than just focus on one project
you just have to put yourself everywhere
is a great need look at this next back
and you can be a young musician with a
following and still not make much money
a quarter of us musicians and singers
last year and the grand total of 13
dollars 20 an hour pretty depressing
right that's actually way better than I
would have been anyway I mean I'm not
saying that that's great but there's no
federally mandated minimum wage for
being a cool musician but it is
sustainable then so most people just
drop out of the industry if that's how
much money that they're making I mean I
think probably the secret route to do is
never really sustainable but I also
think that artists who can find band
basis have quicker paths your
monetization today than they did five or
ten years ago and when they were just
big record labels good you either got on
the Peter got on ship or you didn't get
on the ship now there's a hundred
different ships it's more of a level
playing field which means for example on
Soundcloud we have 12 million artists
that are heard every month the
competition that's out there and the
need to really manage your your profile
manager relationship with the fans it's
kind of in your hand but the flipside is
there's a lot more competition for
attention and eyeballs even though
musicians make so little from streaming
it's not the worst option halfway 57
million Americans get music from pirate
sites which musicians and the industry
nothing at all so when did this start
and how did it become a habit you know
this all starts with Napster that's the
moment that peer-to-peer becomes a
reality and the moment it becomes a
reality and that digital content can be
traded over high-speed Internet the
perfect storm has come together for the
music industry and the bottom falls out
very very quickly I do think the threat
of piracy looms on them and it's still
there if it starts to crack and if the
support of streaming
starts to dissolve I think there is
there is a risk that this number gets
its bigger let's say you're a young
person with no credit card you don't you
can sign up for a premium streaming
service you're fluent with how to get
stuff on the Internet
you're going to get that Frank Ocean
record you're going to get it within ten
minutes of when everybody else gets it
how is piracy working now
very very robustly is my understand
really really quickly I want to take a
quick poll of the room to kind of figure
out how prevalent it is because anyone
here ever downloaded he's watchin
illegally I even the musicians
downloaded musically I think if you if
you are generation Z and you were
growing up you are growing up in a
streaming world where the number of
alternatives you have both ad supported
and subscription that you can choose to
use that is very different than the
generation that grew up in the Napster
in the Napster era they've got kind of
locked into that behavior I think we
have an opportunity to dramatically
reduce this number as the next
generation of music consumers come on
I'm coaching that actually does it for
this edition of the business of life I'd
like to thank all of our panelists for
joining us today Jose even in turn and
thank you all for watching at home we'll
see you next time
business of light made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps you build practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
