tonight poor in Manchester this attack
stands out for its appalling sickening
of calories the new face of southern
radicalism and what's really allowed on
Facebook President Trump may be overseas
but a 2018 budget arrived at Congress
today and it reflects the full suite of
his administration's fiscal priorities
calling for significant cuts to medical
research and social programs for the
poor elderly and disabled Medicaid would
be cut by more than eight hundred
billion dollars over ten years funding
for the food stamp program would be
reduced by a huge amount twenty nine
percent over the same time frame we're
no longer going to measure compassion by
the number of programs or the number of
people on those programs but by the
number of people we help get off of
those programs but we're not going to
measure compassion by the amount of
money that we spend but by the number of
people that we help the White House
claims the proposal balances the budget
in ten years but the document is purely
aspirational it won't become law in its
current form former CIA director John
Brennan told the House Intelligence
Committee that the FBI investigation
into contacts between the Trump campaign
and the Russians is quote well-founded
I'm aware of information intelligence
that revealed contacts and interactions
between Russian officials and US persons
involved in the Trump campaign
uber admitted it has underpaid tens of
thousands of its New York City drivers
for the past two and a half years an
error that's likely to cost them tens of
millions of dollars in a statement uber
said they made a mistake and will pay
quote every driver every penny they're
owed plus interest as quickly as
possible it's the second time in three
months the company's acknowledged it
deprived workers of their proper
earnings in an emergency spacewalk two
US astronauts successfully replace the
computers that failed without warning on
Saturday the 50 pound computer is one of
two that are vital to operating the
International Space Station solar panels
radiators and robotic equipment
Philippine president rodrigo duterte
arrived in moscow to meet with vladimir
putin's
but quickly cut the trip short to
declare martial law for 60 days on the
southern island of Mindanao security
forces are battling two militant groups
who have vowed to carry out attacks
across the predominantly Christian
country
we're sending a signal not just a
manchester but across the world that you
cannot defeat us because love in the end
is always stronger than hate the death
toll from Monday night's attack in
Manchester stands at 22 and today false
alarms had the city on edge Prime
Minister Theresa May raids the country
threat level to critical indicating that
another attack may in fact be coming
Matthew Hewitt was at the concert he
lives with his mother Janet in Sheffield
we heard the big explosion everything
shook we felt that it will I can
earthquake it would just can't explain
every terrible child oh I've been given
that all the parents are going to get
body active quite easily of being me I
could have been the one stuck there is
messed up missing or zuly dead
police identified the suspect at 22-year
old Sandman Abdi who was born in the UK
to immigrant parents who lived a few
miles from the arena
authorities say Abdi died at the scene
the question now is how he got so far
undeterred one thing we know about
Salman Abadi is that he was well
prepared police say his bomb was
homemade now terror experts tell me
getting our hands on the components
needed to make a bomb is easier than it
sounds you can get most of them in a
hardware store pressure cooker nuts and
bolts even improvised explosives can be
found on the Main Street but this bomb
had an effective detonator and that
takes practice to make properly if not
formal training and it would have
required surveillance to find a weak
spot the arena the point where blast
would have maximum damage but without a
body having to pass through a security
check the Islamic state has claimed
responsibility master police say a body
acts alone but then arrested someone in
connection the attack security analysts
tell me it's likely he had support if
not from a cell on the ground then at
least online at this point it's just too
early to be clear who exactly was
involved this is what British security
services are investigating now the most
sensitive question is whether the
authorities were aware of a body and if
they were why was able to stop him
British counterterrorism units are
monitoring about 3000 people in the UK
the common fear is the Brits radicalized
in Iraq Syria or Pakistan are coming
home to carry out attacks but in fact
most the terror suspects on this list
haven't travelled outside UK the
threat here and across europe comes from
homegrown attackers acting more or less
by themselves Britain has one of the
best resorts counterterrorism operations
in Europe but most people in its terror
watchlist under light surveillance only
a few are being watched 24 hours a day
security services just don't have the
manpower to do more senior anti-terror
figures in the UK say they stop more
than 13 major attacks in the last five
years the arrests on terrorism charges
on a weekly if not daily basis so even
with their limitations British security
services are comparatively pretty
efficient this morning EU officials
approved a plan that would force social
media companies to take responsibility
for offensive and violent content on
their platform Facebook already employs
4,500 content moderators around the
world and our partners at the Guardian
obtained more than a hundred leaked
training manual which for the first time
show exactly what's allowed on the
world's largest social network and what
isn't
moderators work on a special page called
the single review tool there's a menu of
options to review millions of reports
flagged by Facebook users then
moderators say they sometimes have as
little as 10 seconds to decide whether
to ignore escalate to a manager or
delete each post so how hard a job is it
let's start with the Holocaust
Facebook is committed to free speech and
in the u.s. that covers Holocaust
deniers
but Holocaust denial is illegal in 14
countries although the manual says
Facebook is only concerned with four
countries that actively pursue the issue
with the company so moderators have to
decide if a post questions the existence
of the Holocaust or minimizes the number
of victims
if so policing violence is far more
complicated in one of the leaked
documents Facebook acknowledges that
people use violent language to express
frustration online so for instance
that's allowed but threaten the
president that's not okay because heads
of state are in a protected category
animal abuse
uh that's allowed child abuse amazingly
images of non-sexual child abuse are
allowed to unless the child abuse quote
is shared with sadism and celebration
judging the difference between an abuse
child and a sadistically abused child
that's up to the moderators and their
managers Facebook allows some videos of
violent deaths such as the Facebook live
police shooting of falando Castillo last
year but asks moderators to mark them
disturbing to protect minors it also
allows live streaming of suicide
attempts and asks moderators to escalate
each one videos are to be deleted once
the person has been rescued or dies when
a proposed suicide method is deemed
unlikely to succeed and any suicide
threat more than 5 days in the future if
moderating violence is hard moderating
sex seems impossible
a 65 slide Facebook document titled
sexual activity explains that these
posts are okay but add any detail about
how when or where all handmade art
showing nudity and sexual activities
allowed but digitally made art about
sexual activity is not even if a lot of
handmade art is more pornographic than
the real thing
Facebook admits in the leaked documents
that the line between the two is
difficult to enforce but it asks the
moderators to do so anyway Facebook
processes 1.3 million post per minute
and the documents show that the company
is at least trying to come up with
policies on everything from profanity to
cannibalism it has automated systems to
root out some extreme content and the
company has promised to hire 3,000 more
moderators it should hurry sources say
current moderators move on quickly and
suffer from anxiety and PTSD and it's no
wonder why President Trump
wrapped up a four day visit to the
Middle East today sitting down with
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in
Bethlehem Trump continued to project
optimism about a peace deal in reality
pieces as far off as it's ever been
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu sits at the head of one of the
most conservative Pro settlement
governments in years and Abbas presides
over a fractured Palestinian electorate
openly critical of his leadership and
eager to fight back protests in the West
Bank a common but in recent weeks around
1,500 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli
jails are on hunger strike what they say
is in his treatment
then what i love it on hexerin - hello
dr. Tom Bell yes I am in a Korean brand
of society ideally I'd handle a Holly
alpha-male watercolor film or a little
booty man Wanda Lucy a politician and
prominent figure in the Palestinian
uprising in 2000 is leading the hunger
strikes from jail he was convicted of
murder by an Israeli Court back in 2002
and handed five life sentences his
supporters say he's innocent and is a
political prisoner in a time where
Palestinian politics remains divided
Islamist group Hamas rules Gaza and here
in the West Bank threat to her in power
Marwan Bella Lucy has become a symbol of
unity his son shadows and his
daughter-in-law Nadine say those
frustrated with the status quo see him
as a potential future leader people
believe that he will not give up on them
you know just like most political
politicians and do you think they think
that political figures now in Palestine
have given up on them definitely his
whole life is is about fighting for his
people you know you can't compare that
with there with people in suits after 12
years in power some Palestinians are
doubtful that much more diverse will
bring about change
sheriff claims many are disillusioned
with the peace process it's been
happening for 15 years and it's
repeating itself and it's becoming
boring and it's it's it's
it hasn't achieved anything to us as
Palestinian people despite such
skepticism from repeated calls for
negotiations during his visit but
pointedly he made no public comments
regarding plans to relocate the US
Embassy to Jerusalem such a
controversial move would endorse
Israel's claim for the entire city and
dismiss international law which
recognizes the east of the city is
occupied palestinian
territory there was also no mention of
the new nation-state bills which has
been endorsed by Benjamin Netanyahu it
proposes removing Arabic as an official
language in Israel despite the fact that
assists of the population are Arabs who
identify as Palestinian citizens of
Israel in the village of never shalom WA
has a Salaam 65 Arab and Israeli
families live side-by-side and the local
primary school is one of the few that
teaches in both Hebrew and Arabic so
this new upcoming low it's you know
stupid racist legalization process that
we see that's happening in the recent
decades actually against the other
population inside Israel it's not about
the language it's about the status it's
about that I my identity my religion my
tradition in order to have democracy you
have to have the quality and justice
that's mean that I am here and I have
the right to express myself though if
you live in the village believe that
social movements like this I'm filling
the void left by fails peace negotiation
now that is Israeli and one of the
founders of the initiative she also
works with potential Israeli and
Palestinian politicians those
up-and-coming politicians that we work
to day lives will be the leaders of
tomorrow and they will push the novel
solutions they will understand battle
they will not just think about the
shares as we are sitting on in keeping
the chill and like Netanyahu got a and
they will be interested in equality and
in new mind society but there are
Israelis who support the right wing
administration's more hardline approach
is there anything Donald Trump can do to
piss you off nothing you just love and
yeah is the Messiah spirit
a supporter of Netanyahu's Likud Party
25 year old Nimrod is a co-founder of an
Israeli Facebook group which idolizes
Donald Trump and has 50,000 followers
you can see the garden for writing on a
golden tank okay coincidentally the tank
is on the DL Axum off
so Donald Trump has put Israel and
Palestine on the international agenda
again and he's already talking about the
ultimate deal in terms of peace
I don't believe a peace deal is
impossible what's the alternative then
peace through superior firepower okay
attack the Palestinians defend ourselves
and you think Trump supports the idea I
think that he understands the idea okay
just wants to show the world that the
Arab side refuses peace by trying to
make a deal and having the Palestinians
refused the conditions so you try to
make a fool out of even with Abbas yeah
the same way that that Bibi is doing
right now keep building the settlements
okay doing what we already do best but
without the retaliation from the nations
of the world that will blame us for not
wanting to say anything
when the Ku Klux Klan announced it was
planning to burn a cross on a farm just
outside Asheboro North Carolina earlier
this month residents were dismayed and
the mayor of the small town told the
hate group to stay away but one group of
local radicals staged a counter protest
they weren't exactly calling for peace
and love
Josh Hirsch went to meet the armed
forces of the redneck revolt it was
revealed that the Klan is having a cloud
burn today at a separate location
privately they're doing a cross burning
right it's 2017 folks are still burning
crosses talking about genocide and
they're trying to gain traction in our
communities this is the redneck revolt
they're part of a new faith of a
confrontational even militant left-wing
activism who calls for a unified white
working-class response to the forces of
right-wing aggression against Muslims
immigrants and the LGBTQ community in
less than a year
redneck revolt has spread to 33 chapters
across 20 states but it's the guns that
have made them famous yeah this is a
frame impressive show of force in March
at a rally in Phoenix members of the
local chapter brandished assault rifles
and shoved a reporter who tried to film
them using a service excuse me
public sidewalks
oh that's interesting I like to see the
left-wing if I see in Asheboro they left
the guns at home North Carolina law
prohibits open carry at a protest don't
talk about that uh this Machine Kills
fashion this is actually my buddy
Preston's rifle that's a real rifle that
walks through our chapter it's also sort
of an aggressive feel to it a little bit
how come this is a result of years of
oppression I know I'm tired of my
community getting screwed over I think
that's where a lot of the anger is
coming from innovating Mitch who asked
us not to use a last name is one of the
leaders of the Asheboro chapter we are a
response to a rise in politically
motivated violence and intimidation
against vulnerable communities but with
gun right yeah with guns that doesn't
mean that we're like looking for a fight
we're we're just trying to defend
ourselves do you feel under threat yeah
first I do so what you got here
all righty these are our goat our goal
is to be 100% self-sufficient here Mitch
who grew up in the area discovered
redneck revolt online a few months ago
drawn to a cyclic mix of ideologies part
militant survivalism part communal
utopianism this here is radishes at a
time when the white working-class seemed
to be drifting towards right wing
extremism redneck revolt offered an
authentic antidote a message of local
empowerment without the hate a lot of
that anger that people feel that lead
them to the kind of reactionary violence
that we're seeing today is really
misdirected in misguided it's aimed at
immigrants in the LGBTQ community it's
aimed at people of color and what we're
trying to say is that those people
aren't your enemy so the folks who are
the enemies our political and economic
elites who are creating the conditions
for the things that you're upset about
so people might think that this is crazy
when they hear it
people can have knee-jerk reactions and
I think once we actually engage in
conversation and go a little bit deeper
people find out that there's a lot more
commonality in our ideas I think you
would see a huge decrease in the kind of
violence that we see in the United
States if everybody's needs were met
if people could feed themselves as
people weren't worried about losing
their housing if people weren't like
crushed by their jobs as people had
access to good health care
rednecks revolt likes to say the guns
aren't central to their mission but
their aggressive posturing risks
overshadowing everything else they stand
for and alienating the very neighbors
they hope to afield
I don't agree with KKK I'm gonna get
them all if y'all hear anything
absolutely that's a - this is an
anti-police March but y'all are saying f
Napoli's not everyone here we're saying
hey then why don't you get on to your
group - saying that because they
represent all y'all every single Leo
that's wearing a red bandana whenever
they stated in papal since F the police
they're thinking all y'all some people
didn't like that one of the chants
started being the police I don't
have control of what chance do and don't
happen as seconds 12 riot cops come out
all padded up it was insane I feel like
that's the threat to the community right
traditionally the organization kind of
stand up for vulnerable groups would say
are our burden is to stay out of
violence yeah but we can't stay out of
violence violence comes to us and you
give a dark impression of what's
happening in the country right now yeah
I don't know I think it's pretty dark
goodbye countries
can y'all crank my chains is Paramore
I usually don't really know that many
Paramore songs but this is Jamie like
under the sea this is very 80s isn't it
you know I like to think about my 18
year old niece but I like to to get our
Dame's into this like with her like
graduating class like I love that and
it's no man man oh okay there are many
is because the film is good you think
they're really southern and country then
I guess he grew up in Appalachians or
the Smokies because there's no snow at
Christmas afresh nah means okay the body
that came he picked us on at the gym
just like when the treadmill all the
empowerment that's going on especially
especially with like like gender
identity at all but like female identity
it's incredible to see that happen in
the way that it changes in the way that
it wasn't that way five years ago I love
it so when I hear this song it's just a
part of that it makes us really happy
that's why you do it yes play almost on
the sheet run atomic down because I'm
afraid of not thinking about our
sorority there's four together have you
seen this I've seen pictures lip and her
girlfriend their love is beautiful bye
hello nurse why don't we listen to this
at home probably because my wife would
be like I don't think so oh that's by
Tuesday night for Tuesday May 23rd
you
you
you
