North Korea launched another ballistic
missile this weekend and today Pyongyang
claimed it's a new kind of missile that
can carry quote a heavy nuclear warhead
this is North Korea's tenth missile test
so far in 2017 and experts have warned
that a nuclear weapons test which hasn't
happened since last September could be
imminent
it's hard to know which of Kim Jong Un's
boasts are true but thanks to new
satellite technology analysts can now
draw their own conclusions
by studying the country's weapons of
mass destruction program from afar
Ravi samaya has more this is a cluster
of shoebox-sized satellite being
launched into space early this year
they're the creation of planet labs a
start-up in San Francisco
the satellites photograph the Earth's
surface in its entirety once every 24
hours even North Korea one of the most
secretive nations on earth cannot hide
what are the challenges of miniaturizing
a satellite to this point one of the key
things we have to work on is the radio
flap so this radio now even though it's
one of the smallest in space um actually
can beam down information faster than
your home internet connection
the satellites collect terabytes of
images every day so this is a live view
inside planets mission control system
overlaying onto the earth is kind of a
live position of our many satellites we
have in space right now coming about the
coverage of North Korea which of these
satellites is going over and how often
so actually all of them pass over North
Korea every 24 hours and all of them
take a small part of the land area North
Korea and then we take that and stitch
it together to create a full coverage
it's absurd to say that if you're Kim
jong-un now there's nowhere to hide your
missile you can put them inside North
Korea knows it's being watched the
center for nonproliferation studies uses
planet imagery to track the country's
nuclear weapons it's a game of cat and
mouse
conducted nearly entirely remotely we
started taking pictures of Kim jong-un
and identifying where he was the North
Koreans got really annoyed by that and
we could tell that because I started
putting up barriers behind him so we
couldn't see where he was but you learn
these really fascinating little things
we watched Kim jong-un watch a missile
test from a mountain we're trying to
figure out what mountain it was and it
turns out it was the Masek pass ski
resort in the summer that is part of a
pattern we've noticed which is Kim
jong-un likes to watch missile tests
from really posh places to build a 3d
model of North Korea's testing site to
send a combined satellite imagery with
seismic data they found that this
facility fits perfectly with publicly
available nuclear testing data released
by the United States it seems Pyongyang
has used these two classified papers to
replicate the American program if you
look in the goggles okay what you're
going to see is a three-dimensional map
of North Korea's nuclear test site and
I'm not looking at a tunnel yes so there
are a variety of tunnels that are going
into the mountain using commercial
satellite images we can see the North
Korean two digging them one thing a
model like this allows you to do is see
what the biggest possible explosion they
could conduct is and we think that's
sort of about 350 kilotons which is 1020
times larger than the bomb that was
dropped on Hiroshima we can see based on
the tunnels that they're building and
the tunnels that they've used that they
plan to conduct a lot of nuclear tests
and so it's kind of this weird
disconnected chunk of a distant nation
you kind of get a sense of what it would
be like I guess to fly over the plane
everyone guessing you can't do that not
unless you want to get shot down we can
see more of North Korea than ever before
including its nuclear program but more
information is not more knowledge none
of the rhetoric in in recent weeks
around these nuclear tests it sort of
approached a feeling of certainty do you
think that level of certainty is is fair
or accurate no there's an enormous
enthusiasm when you get all of this data
you feel like I have all of this data
there all these things I know but you
don't write this data is all indirect
and what you have is a series of clues
and it'll be great applies was like a
Sherlock Holmes story and you always got
the answer but often you don't my guess
is North Korea will probably conduct one
or two nuclear tests there every year
for the foreseeable future that tells
you the site's active it doesn't tell
you that a test is going to happen
tomorrow
you
