tonight house conservatives turf their
course marine lepen path to power and
Japan's most unlikely TV star so walk
MIT as Oh Puerto Rico just became the
largest government entity in US history
to speak a form of bankruptcy protection
the request from Puerto Rico's governor
sets up a showdown between the islands
in the Wall Street firms and owes money
to Puerto Rico and its agencies owe more
than seventy billion dollars racked up
during a decade of recession the family
of Alton sterling wants the state of
Louisiana to pursue criminal charges
against two police officers who shot and
killed the Baton Rouge man last year
because the Justice Department is not
open up Yoho
and gives us the judges that we deserve
despite multiple videos of the 2016
shooting
federal investigators that they don't
have enough evidence to prosecute we
cannot establish that mr. strong was not
reaching for a gun or more accurately
that the officers did not believe she
was reaching for a gun Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson indicated a major
policy change in the speech today to his
staff he said the US will now be willing
to work with other countries even if
they don't need American standards on
human rights in some circumstances if
you condition our national security
efforts on someone adopting our values
we probably can achieve our national
security goals our national security
interests the British prime minister
Theresa May accused European brexit
opponents of intentionally distorting
her government's approach to
negotiations to punish her at the polls
in the upcoming snap election all of
these acts have been deliberately times
to affect the result of the general
election that will take place on the 8th
of to several British politicians
responded saying May made the
accusations for political gain protests
in Venezuela's capital again turned
violent as police launched tear gas of
protesters who built road blocks and
called for new elections nearby
President Nicolas Maduro signed a decree
to bypass the opposition controlled
assembly and rewrite the constitution in
response a bipartisan group of US
senators introduced a bill targeting
Venezuelan officials with sanctions
disappointing some senators FBI director
James Comey is that he wouldn't give
updates on the
investigation into Russian election
interference until agents had completed
their work
he also said he had no regrets about how
he handled the investigation into
Hillary Clinton's emails
it makes me mildly nauseous to think we
might have had some impact on the
election but honestly it wouldn't change
the decision Donald Trump met with
Mahmoud Abbas the President of the
Palestinian Authority in Washington
today it's the latest American effort to
restart meaningful peace negotiations
I've always heard that perhaps the
toughest deal to make is the deal
between the Israelis and the
Palestinians let's see if we can prove
them wrong okay good well both
presidents want to be peace in the
future
the key question now is how much
influence Abbas has at home Ã§b
Greenwood has more method Abbas has many
titles as chairman of the PLO he
represents Palestine on the
international stage at least nominally
in with elected president of the
Palestinian Authority which covers the
West Bank in 2005 but as has not been
another election system that democratic
legitimacy strictly speaking run out
seven years ago it also had as a
fatality movement but he's facing a
growing leadership threat from Marwan
Barghouti a charismatic figure currently
leading thousands of Palestinian
prisoners and a hunger strikes in
Israeli prisons Barbara's claim through
Palestinian president it's challenged by
Hamas a rival faction that controls the
Gaza Strip this week the Hamas
leadership unveiled a new manifestos
backtracking from its founding principle
that rejected the existence of the State
of Israel a bus might present this new
softer Hamas as a result of his
influence he has recently been exerting
pressure on Hamas in Gaza cutting
salaries government officials and
refusing to pay gases electricity bill
to Israel
which means that 1.8 million people now
face 24-hour power cuts but the new
formats manifesto is really the product
of four years of complex negotiation and
debate within that movement in Palestine
Trump is widely considered to be the
most Pro Israeli US president today even
if he does manage to negotiate the
ultimate deal with a bath would Abbas
have the popularity or legitimacy to
make it stick in Palestine at least to
mainstream Republicans announced today
that they'll back the GOP health care
bill after all the ball is back in the
moderate court after the hardliners got
on board last week for the past two
years the freedom caucus three dozen
most conservative members of the House
has banded together to buck their own
party and reject any legislation that
isn't deeply read
they've been blocking the Obamacare
replacement bill but then they abruptly
dropped most of their demands and agreed
to accept it after House leaders added
an amendment letting States opt out of
certain coverage requirements it's a
jarring reversal for the freedom caucus
it's also their only way forward
Alexandra Jaffe reports the house
freedom caucus has always stood out for
standing on principle until last week
that's when the most principled group in
Washington succumb to politics and got
on board with the latest version of
health care reform
we think we made a build much better
it's not full revealed I'll be honest
it's not but it is as good as we think
we can get right now it's what their
party leaders were pushing for and it
marked a compromise one that left parts
of Obamacare intact in hopes of getting
moderates on board
that's how legislating and Washington
typically works but it's not how the
freedom caucus typically works it's
actually completely contradictory to
what two of the group's most prominent
members told us about health care reform
when we were home with them in their
districts a couple of weeks ago Jim
Jordan and Mark Sanford represent very
different district Jordan and Mid Ohio
and Stanford the South Carolina coast
and don't have much in common but they
had similar complaints about the
original Republican health care bill
Jordan said freedom caucus members
opposed that bill unprincipled and also
because of the process we're doing what
we told the voters we're going to do
everyone knows this health care bill
doesn't fully repeal Obamacare and in
the end the test will be do premiums
actually come down Obamacare is still
the law of the land though and if you
don't figure out a way to compromise
with moderates on your bill it may be
for the foreseeable future I mean isn't
that a failure of the house freedom
caucus we got time you know the only
thing worse than not getting it done is
doing it wrong and a good process
typically we make good policy and good
policy makes for good politics and we
have a process where the bill is hidden
away rolled out no actual hearings where
you bring in witnesses that's not how
it's supposed to work so in late March
they join together to stop the bill
you have some photos they do not have
the votes right now helping is relatable
to get you guys on I doubt it
are you doing stunts like be you have
given the group a reputation for
obstruction which they embraced that's
basically how Sanford described it the
freedom caucus has had more success in
blocking bill so than passing them so
how do you achieve that any goal if you
don't get any of your own legislation
passed one of the most important things
that we can do in any legislative
process is at times stop things there is
a bias is we both know toward quote
doing something in the world of
government the question is can we be
more contemplatively in that process so
that what we do actually has a positive
impact in people's lives and doesn't
come with a whole host of unintended
consequences creating gridlock worked
for the freedom caucus well Barack Obama
was in office but now with full GOP
control of Washington they have a chance
to pass to open policies and obstructing
those policies is making them enemies
within their party the president even
threatened a primary them Stanford joked
about that threat with a public high
school it doesn't make your day when the
president I say says I'm going to take
you out in the next you know primary
that they're lying on it not a good day
but a I be as best I could tell his
attention span is relatively short and
and so you know I'm hoping that maybe
you'll forget about that and go on
something else but voters are getting
set up they want politicians with
integrity and action all sort of health
care yet why do you want to push this so
fast on the health care issue
repealed every place but guaranteed
competition back into the marketplace it
has been incredibly difficult for our
health care organizations to manage
their only business because of the way
politics and policy has been conducted
in the last year and 100 percent of the
locations in the whole town there's how
socialized health care understand I'm
going to come back in but all I can is
anything a little because we were
compassionate I don't Canada most
stringent if I got everybody facts about
no one here to person some things I got
it you wouldn't have hearing about it
all at all I've heard about over the
last week is health care I got that
pressure is part of the reason they went
back on all those declarations about
public hearings and full Obamacare
repeal and endorsed the latest build
compromising is a new thing for the
freedom caucus they don't know if it'll
pay off the back in DC this week they
seemed pretty comfortable with it at
least for now I'm willing to stand up
and fight for exactly what I told you I
was going to fight for you know because
I think it's the right thing to do but
when we get the best deal I think we can
get and it's moving the ball down the
field in a constructive way we're
willing to support that with the idea
that we have more work to do Sanford
though acknowledged the group accepted a
bill that was less than perfect because
they had to but when we talk to you said
that there was a role for the freedom
caucus and conservatives in general from
preventing imperfect laws from being
pressed it's a bad bill the same way the
last one was for a number of reasons
so why support it now I suspected in
part there's a limited bandwidth to
dealing with any one issue in the United
States Congress
I mean to be constructively engaged in
the process of deliberation at some
point you got to find a way to either
get the yes but yes with 3/4 or yes with
1/2 and for me I've made my peace saying
okay this federalism model bill not
perfect and though not a full repeal is
the best that we can get out of this
Congress at this time and I'm willing to
go with it during the Republican
presidential primary white evangelical
conservatives could have chosen one of
their own what they skipped all the
familiar faces 2 Corinthians 3:17 that's
the whole ball game
Trump rewarded them by bringing on Mike
Pence as his vice president one of the
most beloved figures in white
evangelical politics but what the white
evangelical conservatives actually want
tends to do we might find out this week
tomorrow's the National Day of Prayer a
political religious event that started
1952 with an act of Congress and a
signature from President Harry Truman
presidents generally used this day to
make broad appeal so nation's vast
religious community but this White House
has been kicking around an idea that
will appeal to the specific Evangelic
conservatives that stood up for
President Trump an executive order
protecting religious freedom
tomorrow's National Day of Prayer could
it be a great way to release it it would
be a moment where vice president
Pensions influence could really shine as
has been
of white evangelical tourism for his
entire political career and he's still
doing it he was the first vice president
to ever show up at the March for Life
when he appeared there earlier this year
the first time we heard about an
executive order protecting religious
freedom back in February there was a
huge outcry from LGBT advocates they
feared an order that would make it
easier for people to discriminate
against them they protested the order
didn't get signed but this time might be
different we haven't seen language of an
executive order yet but evangelical
groups know what they want
I hope the kim colby senior counsel at
the center for law and religious freedom
about what her group wants to see you
can president Trump I think all of the
spots of the initial executive orders
about travel and other things just did
not go through the process because he
was in such a hurry to do certain things
I would hope that it's a good site
executive order that's been vetted by
many people inside the administration
not like the first few executive orders
evangelical Christians have felt a
little bit under siege in the past few
years yeah things that we never thought
could happen in a free country has
happened to individuals does it feel
like now you have the power to push back
on that the power shouldn't be used to
hurt anyone but the power should be used
to create a safe and I think that's what
I hope the executive order does is make
sure that religious freedom and free
speech and all of our first to memorize
Free Press are all really strong so that
regardless of who's in power whether
whether your views are popular or not or
in power or not
you're protected and that's what we're
aiming for
Jeff Sessions extensive record of
treating all Americans equally under the
law is clear and well documented around
his I was discovered as I did on
involuntary reality I didn't go to that
hearing planning to laugh and to get
arrested for it to speak of all that tax
dollars spent on something so petty
on Sunday French voters will cast their
ballots in an election widely seen as
planters most important in decades
tonight they watched the two candidates
go head to head in the final TV debate
in a facility system it is elite versus
haughty heat since I promote the book
mostly the French face the choice
between centrist Emmanuel macron a free
trader and former investment banker and
the far rides marine lepen
a euro skeptic who wants to curb
immigration for lepen at the moment
she's been working toward her entire
life
marine lepen was born into a far-right
political dynasty albeit one that's
never actually held national power in
1972 her father John marine lepen
co-founded front Nationale the
race-baiting party that's been its first
decade in the political wilderness often
struggling to gather the 500 signatures
required to even get on the French
ballot but it did motivated opponents to
violence in 1976 the lepen family home
was bombed no one was injured and no
suspects were ever found
but for marine only eight at the time
the event was the beginning of her
political awakening the family moved to
the multitude mansions a house on the
outskirts of Paris which became the
headquarters of fronting agua de cemento
Li mo Linux and Watson says de la maison
de Clerq to the Bellagio would you
recall pedicure so this year keep a
mercury but if you not knock the counter
when marine lepen was in her teens her
mother pierette ran off to start a new
life with a man who had been writing a
biography about her husband marking a
dramatic shift for Marine marine
wouldn't speak with her mother for more
than 15 years growing much closer to her
father and two front nephew now after
studying law she took up an official
role in the party
in 2002 after a decade of campaigning
fruitlessly at her father's side there
was a remarkable breakthrough jean-marie
Le Pen made it to the final runoff in
the presidential election against
scandal-plagued Jacques Chirac the shock
of being front national electoral
success brought millions of people to
the streets in protest the kcal/kg
capabilities Windows NT cat Cataldo
listen to the values you already tested
you you know repent it has an injustice
that I before Hisoka out there is about
a nimona associates on tap it is billed
as a contest between the crook and the
fascist but in the end french voters
held their noses an elected Chirac her
father's laws helped marine lepen
understand that the only way front nazi
now would get to power was to change the
image of the party
de trabajo es el paseo en francais
population IKEA passivity IDO Celeste's
a don't allow a party moon is acceptable
pre-mediated more preferable yo si Ella
shall share the confessional you leave
it was Florian Phillip L a young civil
servant and interior ministry who
executed Marines planned to clean up
front nationals image toning down its
rhetoric and widening its support but it
wasn't until John marine lepen the
party's toxic founder stepped down in
2011 the front Nationale could finally
move forward with marine as president -
opposed to passive and active i SS
honesty mission should be on research
that Cassandra which is a cheaper for
the sauce yes Augustine elder welcomes a
new mission Kiki Dee DePass
maple I care and I talk of cattle not a
elephant so this action fiscal secluded
don't study personnel even so let us
your paper that could online event this
is the 2008 the way develop and legacy
may sink marine this time which is
already gained the political legitimacy
the family has long sought
Japan has a bad reputation when it comes
to accepting foreigners and it's
well-earned only 1.3 percent of the
population is foreign born and black
people are especially rare but now one
Nigerian American is becoming ubiquitous
there because he's on Japanese TV every
single day bill may not be told that the
North High guy came Coco came forward to
caye caulker was that
I can well is a pretty recognizable face
in Japan he's a member of a popular
comedy troupe and even appears in
commercial nothing well yeah Hika some
Moscato de la dee muffin ike originally
came to japan working for Goldman Sachs
but he quit to join up with the talent
agency and a celebrity exploded
practically overnight part of his
popularity is because of his ability to
switch back and forth between Japanese
in English whenever you need a quarter
you mean up top Tsingtao humanity
kokujin actor ah Toto decay Tomoko for
eternity you kimochi wa ma yan cai
Matata ugh yes I saw hi so uh yeah buddy
so Tokyo DisneySea don't you be - no
announcing my name
ladyboy Google booyah yeah Chuck Schumer
you got there Oh sweetie no genie
threatening on up seitan saludo de
dÃ³lares no doggone O'Leary toga needy
mom
sorry they're mean Ogaden septum Naruto
Oh
Tokyo DisneySea no he told you don't do
this you know decoders think I don't you
show cat oh so you're your comedian but
you do kind of everything in Japan once
you're like if you're comedian they just
see you as an entertainer so they expect
that you can do anything so I do
narration jobs that avoids jobs do my
main job comedy
music good son one day you gotta take
your shoes off yeah we pretty much in
your own here though the I do my own
hair is kind of we don't know how to do
black but it like everyday for you
though every day a man let me just write
funky clothing alright since last year I
expend one of the main host of a show
called a hostile that means that while a
lot of adults recognize him as a sketch
comic to the kids he's more like Steve
on Blue's Clues
oh it doesn't just any kid show you know
this is like the Japanese version of
Sesame Street the most famous children's
TV show in Japan so Walt just cuz I
famous doesn't mean he doesn't have to
deal with prejudice Japan is one of the
most ethnically homogenous countries in
the world and it doesn't have the best
reputation for diversity what's it like
being a black dude living in Japan I'm
pretty sure you experience the whole
train thing where you sit down and like
this open sleeps next to you but people
don't sit down that's happened yeah yeah
I don't think Japanese people die racist
I think they just don't know okay
yes number I like the comedian they
might think to being on a hosta is just
a distraction from his career goals but
I to the kids TV show is an important
place for him to be rising me being on
the children's show every day is huge by
that the children now were going to be
growing up to be adults they already
have the image of different people like
you know little kids seeing you on TV
and it's oh this is just this here's
another guy yeah he's a normal guy for I
was you know 15 years you know Ford I
think it was like Oh black guy but we've
seen a lot of white people but like well
black guy you know she's like what poke
him long or something I don't know rare
Pokemon
you know that's my shoes tonight for
Wednesday May 3rd
