two branches of the American government
were consumed today by the story of one
former government official X National
Security Advisor Michael Flynn aides to
President Obama disclosed that the
outgoing president warned
president-elect Trump about hiring Flynn
in the afternoon former acting Attorney
General Sally Yates testified in front
of a Senate subcommittee about her own
warning a meeting with the White House
Council on January 26 to tell the Trump
team that Flynn had lied about his
contacts with Russian ambassadors for
today kiss Liang every time this lie was
repeated and the misrepresentations were
getting more and more specific as they
were coming out every time that happened
it increased to the compromise and you
know to state the obvious you don't want
your national security adviser
compromised with the Russians eighteen
days elapse between the eights is
warning to the White House and the day
Flynn was fired
that's 18 days of high-level meetings
and critical foreign policy decisions
that are likely to become the central
issue in the investigation into Flynn
two days after the Yates meeting Flynn
sat in on the first direct phone call
Trump made as president to Vladimir
Putin they discussed defeating Isis
Iran's nuclear program and
re-establishing ties between the two
nations on day six Flynn appeared in the
briefing room to put Iran on notice for
a recent missile test on the morning of
day 8 Flynn called his foreign
counterparts including a Russian
official to advise them of imminent
sanctions against Iran on day 11 Flynn
traveled to Florida with Trump for a
meeting with senior military leaders on
day 13
The Washington Post asked Flynn if his
December conversation with Ambassador
kis lyac mentioned sanctions on Moscow
he denied it twice day 14 was the
beginning of the end for Flynn he
changed his story saying through a
spokesman that he had no recollection of
the subject matter to the Washington
Post
reported that day that he did discuss
sanctions on day 18 February 13th
President Trump asked for Flynn's
resignation letter
like the administration he served Flynn
took an unorthodox approach to national
security advisor when he waltzed into
the briefing room to put Iran on notice
a source tells vice news that the person
in charge of Iran policy at the National
Security Council learned about it
alongside everyone else by watching it
on TV suggesting that the deeply
compromised Flynn was intimately
involved with the president's
decision-making on national security
the farther that investigators get and
figuring out the secrets Flynn was
exposed to and the decisions he
participated in they'll begin to ask why
did the president allow it because
ultimately it isn't Flynn's judgment
that's at issue here
it's Trump's
it's been a hundred and one days since
President Trump introduced his travel
ban the order was in effect for just
seven of those days a federal judge in
Seattle blocked the first version a week
after it was signed in the Ninth Circuit
in San Francisco affirmed that ruling
then in March
Trump introduced travel ban 2.0 and
judges in Hawaii and Maryland blocked
enforcement of that one today 13 judges
on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals
in Richmond heard oral arguments in the
government's appeal of the Maryland
ruling there was sort of a weakened not
that well you know what I mean even
though it was changed but the more the
government says about the ban the more
it seems to hurt its own case one of the
main issues with the case being heard
today is whether the second version of
the travel ban is legally any better
than the first one the Fourth Circuit
probably won't rule for a while but we
can get some clues from the opinion
issued in March by the judge in Maryland
see it arch Wang he was persuaded by the
plaintiffs argument that the travel ban
was in fact a Muslim ban which would
violate the religious protections of the
First Amendment the evidence he used
consisted of statements from Trump
himself and his staff like other judges
12-sided Trump's call during the
campaign for a quote complete and total
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States taking up the second order strong
again turned to the public record senior
White House adviser Stephen Miller said
in an interview that the second version
of the travel ban was essentially a
technical fix to the first fundamentally
you're still gonna have the same basic
policy outcome for the country and press
secretary Sean Spicer said that the
principle remains the same the White
House even acknowledged in the text of
the second order that it was rewritten
to get past judicial
all of this signal to the judge that the
intent of the second order was the same
as the first one as he put it quote to
approximate a Muslim ban without calling
it one so he blocked enforcement of one
provision of the order the one denying
any new visas to travelers and
immigrants from six majority Muslim
countries today the judges on the fourth
circuit brought up the Trump team
statements in their review of the case
he's never repudiated what he said about
the basel banner still on his web site
at some point today however the
statement the judge was referring to was
scrubbed from Trump's campaign website
there's a good chance that the Fourth
Circuit will affirm that injunction and
the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco is
likely to affirm the ruling in Hawaii
that means the travel ban may end up
before the Supreme Court and if the
white house wants to help its chances
there there's one rule that you try to
remember don't comment
for decades Mexico grew accustomed to a
constant stream of people leaving the
country but that tide has reversed over
the past eight years with some three
million undocumented immigrants having
returned to Mexico after being deported
from the United States and without the
experience or support to navigate life
in a country they left long ago many of
those people are falling through the
cracks
Eric and Kimberly live in Medeiros
Mexico with their parents sister and
cousin it's Easter and they're spending
the day at the park while the adults try
to make a little extra money they were
both born in California making them US
citizens but we're forced to move to
Mexico eight years ago after their
mother Maria was detained and deported
Salinas
technically they are both because any
child born to a Mexican parent has a
right to Mexican citizenship the problem
is they can't claim that right because
they don't have Mexican birth
certificates their mother didn't get
them from the Mexican Consulate in
California when they were born as an
undocumented immigrant she was scared of
going to any government building without
those certificates Eric and Kimberly
aren't guaranteed access to all sorts of
public services in Mexico and forego
Mentos Eric and Kimberly's problem isn't
unique are you though mija necesita para
for midnight Priscilla and her brother
Brian live with her grandparents in
Morelos and they don't have Mexican
birth certificates either
it's made it hard to care for Brian who
suffers from asthma cousin poco de
physique para familiar you planted the
CM I'll leave me por que esta semana
para que no se preocupen Alison will
meet up with Fernando Liddell's garrison
why yes the todo por las at the Yukon
surrealist artists like what ambien
percoset remedial a dose como tres mil
pesos topango cannabis gala the volumen
mucho into space was poor dear so
pagando tres meses para para conseguir
las Artes calories casa de the question
I don't miss them today
the Mexican government estimates that
almost 300,000 Mexican American children
about half of all of those living in the
country are living without essential
government services because they don't
have Mexican birth certificates hemos
sido historico maintained a massive
Ament a and pies de exposición
tiene sentido Alta Mira toreano c'est
bien por todo como Pais
Monica ha coppice Juarez is a professor
at one of Mexico's most prominent
research institutions she's one of the
few people who's been studying the surge
and undocumented children when the twat
Donna Simeon tono is mexicana las
autoridades kiran tener el gouna process
for this unil para ver kiss act Elena
cement is bellavita esto complete car
completamente las Casas two years ago
Mexico signed an agreement with the
United States to make it easier for
these children to prove their dual
citizenship the Monica says Mexico isn't
doing nearly enough to actually
implement any of the changes no basta
con que los akan sino que tienen que
hacer muchísimo trabajo de diffusion
Anabel East Italian even local para que
la gente sentir que tienes sus derechos
Morelos where both families live is one
of the few states in Mexico that is
taking the issue and new agreements
seriously since 2014
it's been working closely with the US
Embassy which has been hosting events
where undocumented children can apply
for their US passports the most recent
event was held the week after Easter
super about this Maria Kimberly and Eric
were all there importante para nosotros
is at in Durango Serrano's party at the
event
a representative from o de los helped
walk each family through the new process
for getting Mexican birth certificates
for their children Akiyama support a
circus Costa Rica
Yama's por que yo creo que si no no
subieron usted hace la verdad no say by
the end of the morning officials from
Morelos helped Maria's family in about
25 others but the Solano's were not
among them the problem is a bit more
complicated have been waiting for six
years for Brian's American certificate
to be fixed it's the only way he can get
his Mexican one neither the Mexican nor
US government can help them we pretty
seal eyes right now
de la Paix IDO uh-huh Priscilla Popeil
actor these sort of clerical errors
might not sound like a big deal but
right now Mexico doesn't have the
infrastructure to easily fix these
mistakes great many of these folks
they're not people of means they're not
people used to dealing with complex
organizations like the US Embassy the US
government or the Mexican government for
that matter I do think we are at risk of
not finding not bringing in and not
documenting some of these people in the
three years since US embassies started
hosting these events the number of
undocumented Mexican American children
living in the country has grown by more
than 40,000 according to government
estimates still Monica says there's room
for optimism she's encouraged that
people are at least beginning to talk
about this issue now una manera muy
ronica case mucho mas rentable sir
deported Oh bah whole administration
Trump Gabbar seal the portal bajo la
vista cinema para cierra que puede mucho
más el discorso anti-immigrant a ante
Chicanos Pacifica meant a para mover el
gobierno Mexicano que los tres millones
de Deportes es que por ello en alguna
manera C&C OSA NBC vlei durante el
administration / South Koreans go to the
polls today to vote for a new president
and since the office is suddenly vacant
after the impeachment of former
president Park geun-hye whoever wins
will be sworn in immediately and the
leading candidate favors a warmer
relationship with Pyongyang signalling a
potential realignment on the Korean
Peninsula that runs directly against
current US policy polls point to this
man being the new president of South
Korea moon jae-in
the son of North Korean refugees and a
former human rights lawyer is a liberal
politician from the opposition the
Democratic Party of Korea who ran and
lost against Park geun-hye in 2012 this
year he campaigned in part on taking a
softer line on North Korea revisiting
the sunshine policy which promotes
engagement and economic assistance
rather than provocation this is a major
shift in sentiment and the first time in
a long time that South Korea and the US
have not been in lockstep regarding
their treatment of the north
moon hopes that a policy of engagement
will deescalate the situation
kind of what I was telling about you
only to me obstacle of war there's a
potential and I won't know anything
I bet don't tell her oh I don't get I
don't know what part of that policy
could see the reopening of the Kaesong
Industrial Complex a collaborative
economic development site where North
Korean workers manufactured South Korean
goods that was shuttered in February
2016 after a round of Kim jong-un's
nuclear tests moon has said he also
wants to reassess sad
the u.s. is billion-dollar missile
defense system designed to protect South
Korea and Japan its presence has led to
a vocal opposition from China and
sparked a trade war with South Korea's
largest trade partner if South Korea
refuses to host the missile defense
system in an effort to engage with the
north the US has to acknowledge this
diplomatic pivot for what it is a rift
in a partnership they've taken for
granted for a long time every year the
Library of Congress declares a few
American audio recordings as culturally
significant many of the songs are
anthems or evoke the idea of protest and
perseverance and one of the latest to be
officially recognized as I Will Survive
by Gloria Gaynor a song with particular
resonance in LGBT and minority
communities the library celebrated by
asking gay nerd to headline a concert in
its iconic Great Hall
the Library of Congress would learn
again they're like it isn't any better
than that so I had to be here I could
have missed out this was always happy
brings people together and like every
good gay person would love to hear I
Will Survive and we decided that we
would go all in and look pretty pretty
you know for the occasion like why not
see if like being here today has been I
can't say it's a dream come true because
I never dreamed that anything like this
would ever happen to have all of these
people come to hear me to see me to be a
part of this day when we found out that
miss Gaynor was willing to come to the
Library of Congress to give a live
concert we were delighted
in the 70s and coming out of the 60s
that were somewhat turbulent when you
think about assassinations and just
really a time of turmoil and then when
the opportunity came to dance and
celebrate life and to celebrate
diversity everybody was dancing to the
same songs all over you have right here
at the Library of Congress a special
emphasis on American history the thrill
of our curators who had selected
materials to show her which I read it I
looked at that music and realized that I
was being transported to benefit by the
rich legacy that other artists have left
from from their arts from their talents
that's what this place is all about and
what an honor to to stand there and see
that and be a part of it it's always
good to me when people are able to use
my song to enhance their lives to to
bring them hope to bring them
encouragement because it is an
inspiration and an empowerment for them
I Will Survive has become an anthem it
is a song that resonates with so many
people it does get to the essence of
being human and surviving and whatever
you're going through and whatever your
circumstance people can relate to that
comes in
that's vice news tonight for Monday May
