rough hands and blue collars that's what
built America but our country has been
plundered over the last four decades by
soft hands and white collars Washington
and Wall Street in Silicon Valley they
all failed us we went into debt and they
went to Davos we're bringing back
American industrial might were bringing
back dignity for American workers we
want roads not apps we want mom and pops
not logs this is a movement to tell
Washington that America wasn't built on
the service industry who was built a
good old-fashioned industry it's time to
tax tech and finance and pay for health
care for all we're going back to work
and back to the glory days say no to the
Democrats and the Republicans and say
yes to the American populist party they
had their time now it's our time again
more for us again
you
