tonight we've taken a historic first
step to repeal and replace Obamacare and
finally give the American people the
kind of health care they deserve a deal
creating safe zones in Syria was signed
today between Turkey
representing Syrian rebels and regime
backers Iran and Russia it calls for
four areas across the country to be
surrounded by checkpoints the Syrian
opposition unhappy with the deal stormed
out of the peace negotiations the Iraqi
forces have opened a new front in the
grueling seven-month long battle to
recapture Mosul from the Islamic state
the Iraqi troops led an attack that
cornered fighters in the city's West the
offensive backed by US airstrikes had
slowed in recent weeks but hundreds of
thousands of civilians remain trapped
Hungarian prosecutors have charged 11
people in the deaths of 71 migrants who
suffocated in the back of a truck
traveling to Germany in 2015
four of the men are charged with murder
and all with human smuggling Texas is
outlawing sanctuary cities Republican
governor Greg Abbott tweeted that he was
getting his signing pen warmed up after
the Senate passed the bill critics say
it will encourage racial profiling since
it allows police to ask anyone they
detain about their immigration status
president Trump signed a controversial
executive order today that paves the way
for churches and other tax-exempt
religious groups to get directly
involved in political campaigns with
endorsements and contributions for too
long the federal government has used the
power of the state as a weapon against
people of faith the order signed on the
National Day of Prayer also makes it
easier for religious organizations to
deny contraception services to employees
this is a great plan I actually think it
will get even better and this is make no
mistake this is a repeal and a replace
of Obamacare make no mistake about it
well it passed and by it I mean the
demon bill from legislative hell that
nobody wanted to put their fingerprints
on it has now deported the House of
Representatives and Democrats and
Republicans are celebrating just about
the same amount
that's singing that's Democrats trolling
Republicans because they say that today
they just put a lot of their seats in
jeopardy
the vote today was a victory for the GOP
in one narrowly defined way they can say
they passed something and that health
care is no longer their problem for a
little while but the way it passed by
one vote is electoral gold for Democrats
in the unlikely event this becomes law
and people don't love it every Democrat
running for office can say his or her
opponent was the one vote that made it
happen
so not surprisingly Republicans are
trying to spin this thing today we start
the process of rescuing the American
people from the failures of Obamacare
the bill does have some stuff there
Republicans have wanted to do for a long
while the american health care act will
repeal the individual and employer
mandates it will repeal Obamacare taxes
it will repeal Obamacare rules it will
repeal Obamacare subsidies and it will
do what is right by stopping taxpayer
funding for abortion providers and by
refocusing Medicaid on those who most
need it and we replace all of that with
the system that protects those with
pre-existing conditions that last part
by appreciating conditions that's a big
part about why this bill was so hard to
pass Republicans have been scrambling to
try to keep this expectation of
pre-testing conditions
intact in effect trying to be able to
say that they repealed Obamacare while
actually keeping the parts of Obamacare
everyone likes the bill now goes to the
Senate where it's expected to face some
very tough sledding a lot of Republicans
and Democrats don't expect the Senate to
even take this bill up and its current
form you're walking the plank for what a
bill that will not be accepted by the
United States Senate
why are you doing this the fight over
pre-existing conditions is primarily
about the individual market which serves
the roughly eight percent of Americans
who don't get interns from their job or
met
care and Medicaid before Obamacare went
into effect in 2014 insurers in 45
states kept lists of medical conditions
that would automatically disqualify a
potential buyer from getting coverage
these were common conditions that anyone
might experience like cancer sleep apnea
heart problems obesity mental disorders
HIV insurance could deny you coverage if
you are pregnant or trans Obamacare
forced insurers to cover all applicants
and it banned them from charging sick
people more the new bill lets States opt
out of that second protection meaning
that insurers in those states can jack
up rates for people with pre-existing
conditions to offset that the new bill
provides money now 138 billion dollars
that can go to funding high-risk pools
discreet coverage groups for sicker
customers where government subsidies
would offset the higher costs the
problem is that's probably not enough
money to make high-risk pools work and
in the states that tried out the pool
model before Obamacare there was another
hitch the pool still excluded coverage
for customers pre-existing conditions
meaning they had to pay out-of-pocket
just like they did in the first place on
Friday the Bureau of Labor Statistics
will release the new jobs report an
economists are hoping for an improvement
on the dismal 98 thousand jobs added to
the economy in March but many of those
new jobs will be subsistence level
service rules or unstable jobs that
can't promise the security Americans are
looking for though the companies that
offer those positions are hiring
going to job fairs people realize we
hire we're not just for gambling we're
here to give people jobs as well we have
four professional positions we're hiring
for and looks like seven entry-level
most of them dumb requirements
experienced 18 years old some don't
require high school diploma or GED a job
fairs really necessary in the Internet
age yes just to get our name out just as
an option to look for when they're
applying what positions do you have we
have remote support engineer which is
basically you're sitting in cubicles
you're answering phones you're walking
into servers network switching it's are
just part about not having a job is the
way it makes me feel about myself like
I'm I'm not doing a job that you know a
man should have you know as far as
taking care of my family you know so we
can educate you while you're here okay
cool appreciate it yeah no problem Thank
You Ben whenever I graduated high school
I started building houses and then the
housing market crashed and then I got
into the oilfield you know it was better
money for a while but then it crashes
and then you're unemployed for a while
but then you get back to it and you
start making good money again and then
it crashes again so that's how I ended
up here I'm kind of ready to get out of
that cycle and find something more
stable and long-term
we have 60 companies represented here
today and we have approximately 300 job
seekers right now make it more hopefully
up to 400 I wonder if you'll add any
like job opportunities for people that
are 18 to 21 I've been doing a job
search for probably about six months now
and I have applied to over a hundred
places and still have
if I can get 28 hours a week even if
it's a minimum wage I think it'll cover
enough bills that I can not break into
my loans to happen right now I'm living
off the loans I have about three
thousand dollars in loans and eighteen
that gets hard thank you so much thank
you as I've gone around today every
single person I have talked to they're
offering jobs online now which i think
is really cool because we're it's
allowing us to have more access to jobs
but at the same time it is a job fair
you know I'm here to find a job today
and so that's made it hard I have sent
out a rough estimate 250 resumes since
the beginning of January and have had
one to five interviews five face-to-face
interviews which I think that's not a
very good law of average you know so I
just keep plugging away and I keep doing
things like this coming to job fairs
where you at least have a face-to-face
contact well I can always use the extra
two I'm looking for I'm actually a
certified medical assistant
but I have done bookkeeping and payroll
okay that sort of thing because the
medical assisting in shawnee the pay is
so low I have a big concern because of
my age I'm an older person most people
want to retire in ten years from my age
right now I don't plan on retiring
I plan on working until I can't work
anymore the final round of the French
presidential election is just three days
away and marine lepen is now pulling at
over 40% her hardline nationalist
message has people on edge in the banya
the poor suburbs outside Paris home to
millions of first and second-generation
immigrants these communities already
have a tense relationship with the
French authorities and sometimes riot in
response to police brutality they think
it would worsen under a president lepen
Serena to party Korea dono president
Shin police pasar malam a suitable
material
Miguel more on a fictive voter turnout
in these areas is substantially lower
than the rest of France the question is
whether the lepen threat will drive the
venue to the polling booths around to
the streets city clanking male mezzo
cotton and wool bridge media jewelry
salon worker the policia
it won't happen comes off logically uh
no boxer Vida PCP fasten gzn Kansan
system issues from two skiers own Taj
Mohamed Omar I'm assuming it easy my
minima not an Akuma some copy a DVD
political easy food
a moment only Tony problems Tom Batali
Paula might be indecent it on someone as
you say sincerely city trip review
she didn't approve 3d physical more took
more money you see Abdullah for fauna is
well-known in cliche moon for my when he
was violently assaulted by police in his
home in 2008 the assault was caught on
film
the officers were prosecuted and
abdullah was released without charge but
almost a decade later the leasing in the
bomb you can still be extremely violent
in february a man known as Thea was
raped by police during a raid sparking
riots across Paris you mean I could saw
a greasy nude with boozy comes some use
of each leg do you think anything could
change that dynamic between you guys and
the police como esta parte see suspiro p
CP imperial what would words look like
the much activity of our police DiMaggio
my apart until
not to me timing Dimetrodon huge on you
know someone in rapini delivers well
Alexia I become an independent like you
Marlin teaming July is trying to use his
standing with community to try to
convince people that voting is the best
way to change thanks Aviva opposite and
consider Parkin de Conde de france' here
suppose - we gon quasi 50% is all to the
more daily matsukichi built on volume
Escalona criminologist o almighty booty
politicians don't often come campaigning
in cliche and those that have frequently
failed to keep the promises they made
here Glee she's popular socialist mayor
Olivia Klein police francois hollande
did a lot of damage with his broken
promises ahead of the 2012 vote alland
had committed to introducing a policy
that would require police to issue a
receipt every time they stopped someone
the idea was to prevent kids in the baño
being detained more than once in a day
Yan Yan Yan epilation Apple Apple is
Java geo ministro de Natalia seven
economies give a consumer experiment is
it visual oh my gather some ofsome apps
and apps particle can be given when I
say or pushes lemons or Nevada said
finesse electoral July CBC Oscar Malloy
was more realistic appreciated says
opposite a common application boot is a
survey via a saucepan add V by V
DiMaggio detection watch this one like a
lot of people in cliche now again Bendis
parents aren't French citizens he's
worried that if lepen is elected they'll
be sent back to Congo which they fled
before he was born
he's trying to convince his best friend
it'll s'en that the stakes are too high
not to vote this time sukhiya proceedure
Obama president walk and quake totally
agree kiss his apostle yearsI sentiment
over Germany
the bus right penological super super
walk up a tree the tree alone it could
say no more fear OKC and you could still
easily do it problem sickle quad secure
social issues Russia's the office on the
Jerry or Twiggy miss la revolución
Historical Association sister hua Zhu
Tao see antique is palpable focuses
comes at us we come sir vamo
Loic still went to vote in the first
round but the turnout in Clichy
was 20% lower than the rest of France a
few days before the vote a man from a
nearby neighborhood travelled central
Paris and opened fire on the shores
Elysee a policeman was killed
politics illest ki Fateh flesh was
Lizzie composure and infrastructure the
complete support system easily GTO list
holistically de la vela ampersand well
excuse I said they are on posture the
actual are gone green the unendurable
Louie Anderson Vancouver have a job we
this reception developer two pointers to
tradition ccc-come Nam what do you make
of this figure that's something like 50%
of the police vote for front nurse you
know she only she basically Steven
Fortin prosthetic the durapan
because in a facility for the police
keep it on plastic police chief summer
supposition was good so far away
exposition was possible analysts
predicted the Sean's alizée attack would
provide a last-minute boost for marine
lepen macron 23 lepen 21 microRNA pen
the Fed command open sodium to our mana
chakra so cities and the Shakya
directors pratik say more
they only have the twisters as far will
you now be actively encouraging people
to vote macro well yes yes we can do it
just like a Pied active more pour batter
in the pan if you are at this point
until I believes a vote not cast is a
vote for the Frant nice you know sweetie
what party
CCC donate laughs Orson understand what
function even Camus zetas we need to
debug the policy on the joint cetera
solutrean gasps TV do you have any doubt
that it was Russia and Russian agents
that perpetrated the haps of the DNC in
the Podesta he mails and the
misinformation campaign my best answer
is it absolutely stretches credulity to
think they were not involved when the
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
tried to get to the bottom of whether or
not Russia hacked the election they
called Kevin Mandy Isaac during this
election we saw Russia break rules of
engagement they had traditionally
followed a former Air Force officer who
investigated cyber crimes against the
United States
Mandy had founded mandiant a
cybersecurity firm he sold in 2013 to
fireEye four billion dollars he was made
CEO of fireEye last year
the DNC hacked the Sony email hack the
Yahoo hacked the target credit-card hack
all have one thing in common this is
this is your war command center they
lead back to rooms like this this is one
of our seven security operation centers
from here we can reach into our
customers networks and reach any
endpoint we want the asked question is
this thing compromised or not what a
company or government is hacked
fireEye tries to do three things close
the door the hackers came through figure
out who broke in and triage whatever the
hackers have done when we do response to
breaches we usually work in war rooms we
call them to figure out what happened
we'll have 10 or 12 folks sitting at
computers quietly working we have over a
hundred people that do what's called
malware analysis the ability to deep
dive into the guts of a file to say this
is malware it's bad and here's all the
things it does to include even who may
have authored it then we can bring any
of our 250 threat analysts to bear an
alert saying hey I've seen this before
and it's these three guys from st.
Petersburg and here's what they normally
do you get to know different characters
oh absolutely
are you kidding no question about it I
mean we even have nicknames for a lot of
the hackers responses there'll be nerdy
things but I mean with the now where we
have hammer toss things that fluffy
snuggle dog and all that kind of stuff
mandiant rose to prominence in 2013 when
they uncovered how the Chinese
government hacked into the Department of
Defense and more than a hundred and
fifty American companies including
Facebook Apple and the New York Times
Chinese hackers calling themselves the
comment crew broke into the servers of
several universities in the US and use
the local IPS to send what looked like
legitimate emails to employees at the
companies when an employee opened an
attached excel file with a hidden virus
it penetrated the local server exposing
the system to theft change and
destruction we all have a certain
stereotype in our head of the teenager
in a warehouse hacking or more people
getting involved or are these mostly
military operations I think the majority
of what we gather intelligence on and
happens to be state-sponsored or group
based it's very rare that we see the
lone actor he's noticed that basically
as soon as a nation gets enough
bandwidth folks start trying to hack
other countries why are we seeing more
attacks from many ways I think the
Middle East were seeing more attacks
there just because they they're
developing the capability give me a
sense of the scale of these attacks
we've got companies getting four billion
alerts a day and events you're gonna see
spray-and-pray attacks in your network
every single day all the time
wood fire I do offense I don't think so
I think that you have to be very careful
if they decide to escalate in any way
their escalation could impact a thousand
other companies that have been
compromised and now you're impacting
public policy and the relationship
between sovereign nations in an
unpredictable way it just doesn't work
have the private sector do it it's a
dangerous thing even to have the
government
that's Vice leaves tonight for Thursday
May 4th tune in tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series Vice
yes training any ID
it's a story tough
you
