North Korea it's always seems to make
some crazy headlines but it's been even
crazier than usual lately or seemingly
so last week they tested yet another
ballistic missile there's been talk of
potentially another nuclear bomb test
happening any day now
and it's kind of shaping up to be one of
the biggest foreign policy problems for
the trump administration I'm here today
at the vice news headquarters in
Williamsburg Brooklyn with an KITT Panda
a senior editor at the diplomat and Dave
Smurl er a research associate at the
center for nonproliferation studies is
John - joining us from Monterey
California we're going to talk a little
bit about what's going on with North
Korea's missiles and their weapons
program and Trump's options for dealing
with this situation diplomatically the
first question is for you on kit it
seems like we're hearing about this a
lot now but North Korea and the u.s.
have been rattling sabers at each other
for years now is what we're happy what's
happening lately different somehow more
intense or is this just because Trump is
tweeting about it that we're hearing
about it more yeah thanks I think it's a
little little column a little column B
right so North Korean missile testing
certainly ramped up in intensity we've
got 24 of those in 2016 20 for
projectile tested out of North Korea and
a2 nuclear tests satellite launch so
really I think that's were a lot of
attention to the problem already but
then Trump takes over at a point where
the North Koreans have already shown us
this great momentum and they're testing
and then you know the administration
comes into office they carry out a
policy review they basically go back to
the drawing board on North Korea policy
and they haven't really come back with
anything different but you know you've
seen leaks from the administration
statements repeatedly emphasizing that
all options are on the table hinting at
potential preemption and I think that's
been you know that's led to some
headlines that have kind of spooked
people especially during the policy
review when really you know you want
everything to be on the table so an
administration saying that they're
considering a military option is an
unusual in the context of a policy
review necessarily but you know the kind
of headlines that leads to I think
definitely gets people a little worried
so yeah I mean the North Koreans have
definitely
shown us that they are making real
progress with their system so that
merits real concern but the Trump
administration's messaging has also been
a part of getting people worried here
yeah the trip wild card makes everything
a little more complicated he's talked a
lot about not wanting them to launch
missiles and trying to pressure China
into stopping them from doing another
nuclear nuclear bomb test Dave they had
another missile test last week it was
called a failure in the media what do we
know about that test was it really a
failure and what does it mean well I
think that the assessments that were
saying that it was a KN 17 the
conversation on that missile started
that's some time before Sulli after
North Korea's military parade it's a
supposedly a liquid-fueled Scud based
missile system with terminal guidance
pins that was originally or at least
released in a some press format a
anti-ship missile but as we were talking
earlier before this it seems like the
North Koreans don't have the technology
to accurately target ships with a
warhead like that so it could also be
just for more highly accurate liquid
fuel systems in the short term medium
fuel range but yeah and that's kind of
where red right now with these when
these tests are described as a failure
in the media does that mean that it was
a failure for North Korea or are they
learning something even window and when
it goes wrong sorry for not answering
that earlier failure is is something
that makes us feel safe at night when
North Korea sent something up into the
air and it fails it's reassuring to us
but that entirely depends on what the
North Koreans set out to achieve when
they test and that's something that we
we don't know if we have evidence of a
missile blowing up on a launch pad then
yes that is clearly a failure like we
saw over a nam wants on like a month ago
or so but something that took off into
the air and then exploded is a bit
harder to assess plus you can always
learn from failures I mean that's rocket
science every country's ballistic
missile program has tons of failures
that you don't hear about because you
know those aren't things
really make the headline unless you're
North Korea so I mean if it was a
failure
sure great but it doesn't really take
away the important fact that North Korea
is developing a more advanced and
complicated posted missile program it
turns out rocket science is really
hardened that's why they call it rocket
science right the other component of the
weapons program is North Korea's
development of nuclear bombs there's
been a lot of talk recently some experts
who study the testing site saying that a
test could happen any day that it's
imminent we haven't seen that yet we've
also seen reports of guys playing
volleyball at the test site I don't know
if right if they're just huge fans of
Top Gun and not getting on the neck new
test so I'm curious to hear what you
guys think about why there hasn't been a
test yet and what's what's the
significance if one does happen what
what are the potential diplomatic
fallout of something like that happening
sure I mean so the first thing to say is
that you know the North Koreans know
that this is one of the most highly
watched pieces of real estate through
satellite imagery on earth and they know
that we're looking to see what they're
doing um you know this volleyball thing
maybe they just like volleyball maybe
they're not just messing with us by
playing a game of volleyball you know
that's good for them I guess
um but really you know the nuclear test
question has kind of turned into this
will they won't they kind of drama just
you know like over the past few weeks I
know every night on Twitter you'll see
people kind of being like is this
tonight you know kim jong you know kim
il-sung's birthday is coming up are they
going to test oh you know the founding
of the workers uh the Korean People's
Army is coming up are they going to test
and there's all this kind of back and
forth that goes on I mean I think the
North Koreans realize that they have a
bit of leverage here you know as long as
they don't test they can sort of still
string along the Trump administration
get them to still release more
statements give them more data points
about what the United States is willing
to do in a potential negotiation you
know Rex Tillerson made some comments
yesterday that I think are again
suggested that the United States is
pretty much gonna stick to what the
Obama administration you know called
strategic patience basically that old
policy um so yeah I think they realize
that you know as long as they don't test
this nuke they're they're kind of
getting
information about what the United States
will do the minute they do test it
though you know they're I think you know
that will sort of force the hand of both
China the Trump administration will
probably see a new round of UN sanctions
um so they clearly know you know what
what the costs and benefits are here
Dave what what are they going to learn
from another nuclear test and does that
put them closer to developing something
that could be potentially put on a
missile and used against either
countries that are close to them or the
big fear for folks here a missile that
could reach the US with a nuclear
warhead attached to it so I'm not sure
if this was complete
or entirely accepted in the field but I
think there are enough strong opinions
now to say that they probably have a
device that is compact enough to fit on
a missile that's no longer the question
the question is do they have a missile
that has the range to reach the United
States and that's something that the
American public and whatnot are more
interested in so have they gotten to the
point where they can put something on
the end of the missile it's probably
there from the information we've been
able to pull at least on a limited basis
from the disco ball device when
concerned with standing in front of the
bomb with all the K no eights in the
back but yeah I don't know what can they
learn from a new nuclear test it depends
again on what their test parameters are
what they're going to test the size the
yield it's entirely in their their hands
but on the note of when they'll test I
think we talked about it or you guys
establish that point but I mean they can
test whenever they want to the nuclear
test is something that I think they
might have a bit more reliability with
than a new missile system so they're
going to test on their own time schedule
so we're also taking questions from our
audience you can put it in the comments
on Facebook or on YouTube or add us on
Twitter and we have our first question
from a meet on YouTube is asks is China
fully responsible for North Korea's
power and how much of a role does China
play and this question is especially
relevant today because just yesterday
North Korean state media published
article that really criticize China
which is kind of unusual and kind of
blame them for escalating tensions and
contributing to
the situation on ket what do you make of
that recent comment from North Korea and
how is Trump right when he says that
China has the power to kind of influence
and control North Korea sure I mean so
you know I'll begin with the Trump point
cuz you don't want my frustrations with
how the North Korea issues talked about
kind of in the US political spheres
whenever a politician we saw this at you
know GOP and the Democratic presidential
debates in 2016 whenever North Korea
came up the kind of go-to answer for any
candidate was get China to do more there
was this kind of perception that you
know if only China did more magically
everything would be okay with North
Korea and that could really you know not
be further from the truth I mean China
does not hold the secret key to just you
know switching North Korea's program on
and off either ballistic missiles or
nuclear right they have a degree of
economic clout they could be doing a
better job on implementing sanctions
helping the United States and the United
Nations apply more pressure on North
Korea but again we've seen how
successful pressures been um so you know
and to talk a bit about where things
stand between the two countries I mean
so really things have been on a downhill
slide since December 2013 when jang
seong tech kim jong-un's uncle who under
Kim jong-il was kind of the go-between
between Beijing and Pyongyang was
executed and since then we've seen
multiple signs that the relationships
not doing great there was this you know
volley of kind of op eds coming out of
North Korean state media after the
Global Times and nationalistic newspaper
in China that doesn't speak for the
Chinese government but expresses a range
of more nationalistic opinions has been
saying that you know North creation
crossed certain red lines and test
China's commitment to its own security
so really you know this relationship is
not doing great
and you know they have this 1961 treaty
that that sometimes comes up in
discussions of a military incident on
the Korean Peninsula where article 2 of
that treaty actually commits China to
come to the assistance of North Korea in
a conflict but the Chinese we think you
know have communicated to the North
Koreans in the early 2010's that if the
North Koreans are the ones to start a
conflict especially in you especially a
nuclear conflict then that article just
would not apply and China probably
wouldn't come into a conflict but you
know there are some ambiguities and that
did come up in the state media
all that we saw yesterday so we have
another reader question from Steve
Torres on YouTube he mentions that
people don't talk about the
anti-ballistic missile systems that the
US has and the US has kind of claimed
that they could potentially shoot down a
missile from North Korea if they wanted
to or had to I'm sure Dave has some
thoughts about this but we want to bring
the fad missiles anti-missile system
that the u.s. now has in South Korea and
is now they say operational into this
discussion so I'm going to ask this to
Dave Dave if North Korea shot a missile
could the u.s. shoot it down if they
wanted to uh maybe yeah I mean maybe
they could that's what the system is
designed for but when North Korea
launches a missile at whatever you know
with South Korea let's say the place
where that is supposed to be protecting
they're going to be launching multiple
missiles from multiple locations and I
think the question isn't whether or not
that can hit a missile it's whether or
not sad can adapt and protect its
designated area from salvo launches from
all across North Korea and and that's
still we're not sure right and you know
one of the one of the important things
about that that sometimes I think gets
lost is that you can't do anything
against an ICBM and it's never been
tested against an intermediate-range
missile the MU Sudan which is the one
that could theoretically maybe hit Guam
arm so that can't do anything against
those systems those would be dealt with
by the ground-based interceptors in
Alaska and then uh the success rate of
that system is uh not at a place where I
would feel confident I'm saying that you
know this is your thing it's far from a
sure thing so basically the US wants the
world to think that they could shoot
down a missile but where they're really
nervous about having to actually prove
that well yeah I mean you know in a way
there's been all these you know bill
hundreds of billions of dollars have
gone into this program on you know began
in the eighties and uh there is you know
a degree of uncertainty mean what
happens you try to intercept this is why
you know sometimes people make this
proposal that if North Korea tests an
ICBM we should try to shoot it down just
to like you know send a message of
resolve that were so strong
and powerful what happens if you miss uh
you know how you know how does that kind
of change American perceptions of how
secure the country feels from ballistic
missile threats from China and Russia
more broadly and not only that I mean in
a realistic situation if you if you
shoot one of these ground-based
interceptors which are massive Rockets
yeah I mean they're huge
you know if they miss they're gonna be
flying into China potentially Russia I
mean there's all these potential rooms
for you know things to go wrong missile
defense again you know like China not
being the solution to everything
with North Korea again you know missile
defense isn't going to just kind of put
a glass dome over the United States to
just kind of shield us from this threat
so this Dada system is in kind of
central South Korea south of Seoul and
Seoul is pretty close to the North
Korean border so they're the ones who
are most worried about some sort of
conflict where North Korea is launching
missiles because they're the closest
target they're the prime target so that
is in theory designed to help South
Korea more than the United States um
actually
so actually you know there was a huge
conversation this weekend when Trump
said on his interview on Friday that
South Korea should pay for that so you
know he seems to be under the impression
that that is primarily for the benefit
of the South Korean people that the
United States is being generous and kind
of bearing the cost for the deployment
um I actually don't think that's true I
mean you know if you look at the
location of the system it's actually
there primarily to protect US assets
that are based in the southern part of
the Korean Peninsula Pusan which I think
Dave's done some great work on you know
looking at North Korean maps that they
leave out in pictures will they actually
show missile trajectories going to Pusan
you know they're you know the North
Koreans are thinking about fighting a
nuclear war and the way they're thinking
about this is you know Dave brought up
some of it which is they're going to use
these salvo missile launches to try to
overwhelm that and kind of try to hit
command and control nodes the United
States and South Korea have but they're
really looking to you know undertake a
first strike against kind of military
assets that the United States and South
Korea have potentially the strategic
bomber force in Guam they really worry
about the strategic bombers they really
hate it when the United States flies one
of those b-1bs or b-2s near the DMZ so
you know I mean that is what they're
thinking about the problem with Seoul
tends to more be the conventional
artillery the multiple launch rocket
systems that they have
that could do significant damage but
they're not really looking to kind of
start a conflict by immediately kind of
nuking Seoul right and China has been
kind of pissed off about that as well in
part because they think it's going to be
used to monitor Chinese military
activities and I think recently or while
back the former NSA director was giving
a public interview and he let slip that
this radar system stretches all the way
into Manchuria which nobody had known
before and kind of explains why the US
would want it there and why China would
be why are you putting this in our
backyard
yeah those Michael Hayden former CIA
director who you know he he comes to do
that from time to time I think but yeah
I mean the thing with this radar you
know the it's called the a NTP to system
it's a pretty powerful radar system the
range is actually classified but we have
a pretty good idea of how far it goes
and there's you know there's two modes
that the radar can sit in when it's in
the Korean Peninsula one's called
terminal mode which is what the THAAD
system would need it to be in it would
need to be in that mode to actually
intercept missiles right or Commun
forward basing mode which extends the
range and switching between those two
modes doesn't take too long I think the
numbers I've seen it's like a few hours
um but the reason the Chinese worried
you know they've actually said the
foreign minister has explicitly said
that we worry about this powerful x-band
radar we don't think you need this radar
we think it's too much for the Korean
Peninsula use a less great radar and
things will be fine so you know I think
the bigger concern from the Chinese is
that they're worried that this radar
could actually peer at their nuclear
weapons when you know in a in a nuclear
contingency you know your China's me
shooting ICBMs anywhere they're going to
want you know they're not going to want
a United States be able to like
differentiate between decoys and real
warheads potentially increasing the odds
of missile defense so there's all this
kind of you know strategic stability
stuff that you could go into but the
Chinese are really just not happy about
the system and they're and you know
they've gone to the extent of really
kind of demolishing their relationship
with South Korea which used to be quite
good I mean in 2015 former president
Park geun-hye went to you know the
military parade in Beijing celebrating
the 70th anniversary at the end of the
Second World War things were really on
an upswing and now if you look at you
know public opinion in South Korea of
China it's just it's just the pits
they've taken a hit so what
been talking a little bit about China
launching missiles North Korea launching
missiles the u.s. shooting missiles down
it's a nice segue to another reader
question from Chris Marone on Facebook
he asks you know there's been all these
people are saying go to war it will be
easy
Afghanistan Iraq didn't have any
militaries and we're stuck there
how would North Korea be any easier
certainly I have my own views that a war
with North Korea would not be easy and
we really bad for all people involved
but curious how bad you guys think it
would be and what the immediate fallout
and I think Dave can talk about for
South Korea and US military bases in
Japan and Guam what what could North
Korea do if we were to retaliate if we
were to do some sort of military action
against them well the South Korea's is
all on the target list and that's
something they've been able to hit for
quite some time I mean they can hit all
South Korea with no tongs and scuds and
everything down below even down to a
conventional artillery and then rocket
artillery units so anything on the
peninsula is fair game for the North
Koreans Japan is certainly there they
can hit bases in a southern Japan with
no dongs and ER scuds so pretty much all
the American assets in that theater are
certainly capable of being hit Guam is a
bit of a stretch the MU Sudan is
designed for Guam the whether or not it
can actually reach Guam is a whole other
question they added on some
modifications to the Russian system they
are 27th at the Moose and on is based
off of that significantly pulls the
range even though it's slightly larger
so yeah but it's it wouldn't be short or
sweet or pretty at all and any conflict
on the peninsula would be a disaster
like anyone who thinks otherwise is
delusional and on kit that we've there
certainly been some sort of war drums
beating there's been tough talk from Rex
Tillerson from Trump from Mike Pence
basically all the top American diplomats
and leaders have hinted that we're not
rule out the possibility of some sort of
armed conflict with North Korea how
likely is that really are they just
talking tough to try to intimidate North
Korea or are we actually closer to some
sort of actual war than we have been in
years past okay look I mean I think the
first place to start with is the fact
that you know South Korea is an ally and
they've been going through a period of
political turmoil they're actually about
to just elect in a new president looks
like it's going to be moon jae-in who is
a liberal wants to take a different
approach to North Korea to say the least
than the previous government so you know
when the United States has been talking
about a conflict on the Korean on the
Korean Peninsula I mean first of all you
know I think it's responsible to you
know be sending these kinds of signals
when the South Koreans really have no
sort of legitimate political leadership
to have a caretaker president that could
you know never really make a legitimate
democratic authorization of conflict
with a mandate from the people really
ever become a possibility right so that
I think ruled out the possibility of
conflict for me at least happening
earlier on this year because basically
everything that the United States knows
about war fighting on the Korean point
on the Korean Peninsula is in
conjunction with South Korean forces
this is why they're doing these
exercises every spring right key resolve
a full legal the North Koreans again
really hate these exercises but
basically I mean not only yeah I mean
Dave's absolutely right that a war on
the Korean Peninsula would be
devastating without a doubt but the
United States will be crazy to initiate
it without complete by and from the
South Koreans so that's just the first
part of it we need to go back to just
this administration's messaging it
really has been all over the place you
know I think I'm at the point now where
I feel fairly confident that they're
basically sticking with strategic
patience like if you really put all
these people in a room and you said
what's your North Korea policy they
would eventually come clean that we're
basically doing what the Obama
administration did we're just going to
talk about it a little bit differently I
don't think you know they're going to be
serious about this but again I mean look
with with the kinds of interviews that
we've seen the president do there is a
real chance for him to say something
that could affect the North Koreans
calculus I mean we don't know how they
think of Trump right I mean we all
understand the Trump is a very different
kind of president he doesn't have
previous elected government experience
or public office experience so he
doesn't know how to carry
soft when it comes to strategic
communication when you're thinking about
things like deterrence on the Korean
Peninsula you really care about what the
American president is going to say right
so when he tweets out in January that
the ICBM is not going to happen um you
know there's good evidence that the
North Koreans have interpreted that as
sort of a serious red line and any other
they've been pacing their ICBM program
to kind of build up to that and see what
they can get out of Trump in the
meantime so so yeah I mean you know what
the government says really matters but I
don't think that they're they're
immediately serious about the
possibility of conflict yeah I mean and
I think you look at something like what
happened with the aircraft carrier where
we say oh we're sending an aircraft and
Armada as Trump Trump said and it still
just take a few weeks to get there and
that I think that is a kind of a telling
sign of how serious they are about this
and how much of it is just a little bit
of bluster and intimidation versus you
know actually being closer to the brink
of war although as you mentioned the
possibility of stumbling bumbling or
stumbling into a war is certainly
terrifying and not outside the realm of
possibility another question from our
audience on Facebook Diego on Facebook
asks can North Korea deliver nuclear
device without a missile launch that's
one for you Dave is there any way for
them to deploy a nuclear weapon without
strapping it to the top of missile sure
I mean yeah at the end of the day if
it's a bomb so as long as you have a way
to set it off you could you know you be
creative I mean whether or not the plans
to employ a system like that are
realistic or reliable I can't tell you
but I mean yeah maybe maybe they could
throw it on a sub and try to run it up
the Han River like I don't I don't know
sure yeah they could do a bunch of
different things it's something the
North Koreans have shown interest in
know I mean you know it seems like
they're sticking with the ballistic
missile path I haven't read too much
into the North Koreans delivering it by
bomber but yeah I mean they could
hypothetically deliver a whole bunch
away I mean bomber seems like we could
shoot that down relatively rightly
compared to a minute I'm not saying that
they would understand like can't can you
do something versus are they going to do
something right so no
screens are planning on delivering their
nuclear weapons at the end of the
missile that's that's what they want to
do can they do other things sure are
they reliable or realistic for them no
probably not do we think that the that
that is the biggest concern is the
possibility of them obviously the
prospect of launching a nuclear warhead
on a missile is the most terrifying and
kind of the doomsday scenario but should
that really be what we're worried about
most or is there some some lower level
threat that we're not talking about
that's more likely to happen and trigger
some sort of war on the Korean Peninsula
either you guys can take that I think
that's a good question I mean certainly
I think it's worth kind of mentally
differentiating between their shorter
and medium-range systems and their ICBMs
right which I think sometimes it doesn't
happen especially in the United States
and just understandable right because if
you're living in LA New York you're
worried about the North Korean missiles
that can potentially hit you one day
right but the shorter range systems you
know they know they work they've been
working with these scuds
for you know since the 80s really um
they're well tested they know they work
now they're like at the point where
they're trying to work on terminal
maneuverability with the scuds and Scott
based missiles so really you know the
developments that we're seeing now from
North Korea are really about making
preemption impossible for South Korea in
the United States and they're doing on a
bunch of ways you know they've kind of
looked at these new armored vehicles
with missiles called transporter erector
launchers we've seen with kind of
tracked wheels where they can kind of
take them off road or go off on paved
roads and really just put them in a
bunch of places where they wouldn't have
been able to do that before again which
makes just finding these difficult right
because you're going to be playing this
game if you're the United States and
South Korea where you're going to be
trying to find every missile that can
reach your forces to take them out
before they can use them and the North
Koreans are just trying to make that
much much more difficult and they've
been you know looking at solid fuel
which also makes the missiles just ready
to go on kind of the drop of a hat you
don't create this huge satellite
signature where you're feeling your
Rockets suggesting to your opponent that
you're about to use them so they can
just kind of come in and you know take
care of them before you do that so there
are you know those developments that I
think are occurring the
the ICBM threshold they're happening now
they're happening today if you talk to
the Japanese government the South Korean
government I mean this is kind of what
they'll tell you really worries them
about you know Japan just started doing
ballistic missile evacuation drills the
first time I mean if you're living in
Japan the sense that you have is more
you know what you might have found the
United States during the Cold War where
you know people are doing drills
underneath their desks in school during
the wars kind of preparing for a a
nuclear strike so this is really you
know way more real of a threat for these
countries than it is out here and North
Koreans are just you know they're very
comfortable with many of these systems
and they're basically ready to go so the
last question and this is one that I get
as someone who covers North Korea on a
regular basis from folks in New York
from my family on the west coast you
know should we be worried about North
Korea attacking the US or some sort of
conflict erupting like what how both of
you guys how how comfortable do you feel
that where the situation is not gonna
spiral out of control in the near future
I I think when we ask that question
should we be worried about North Korea
attacking the US it's like the question
in the right direction but it's not the
right question is it we should be more
worried about conflict on the peninsula
because anything on the peninsula is
going to affect the United States it's
going to affect Japan the North Koreans
are gonna go big and they're going to
try to go first so any anything that
even smells like the North Koreans
believe they're about to be invaded by
the United States is probably going to
result in them using their nuclear
arsenal so it's just gonna be a disaster
all around I think the question we need
to be asking is more or it should be
more focused on conflict in the
peninsula instead of like it's going to
happen over there but as long as they
can't hit the United States that's fine
because whatever happens over there
directly affects the United States so
absolutely I mean you know hundreds of
thousands of Americans live in the
region they're American troops in the
region Americans will be at risk if
there's a war on the Korean Peninsula or
war that affects Japan the only other
thing I'd add on the ICBMs is that you
know we're getting a pretty good idea of
what North Korea's warfighting strategy
is right so like I said you know they
look to go nuclear they look to go first
if they sense
the United States and South Korea are
gearing up to invade them preemptively
right which is why all this talk is
dangerous from the government but the
ICBMs aren't going to be a part of that
first strike that they do right the
ICBMs are their theory of how they can
end a war and still survive I don't
think it will work for them because the
United States frankly I don't think has
the capability to really be talked down
by a North Korean ICBM threat
unfortunately I mean because you know
that could lead to a an incident where
you know we do kind of see a North
Korean ICBM fly towards the United
States but the ICBM is their theory of
how they're going to get the United
States to stand down and not escalate
after they've already kind of taken out
a bunch of military assets and their
idea is that they can hopefully hold the
US homeland at threat and kind of keep
the conflict to a more manageable
conventional level on they might be
catastrophic ly wrong about that but it
really seems like that's what they're
thinking and that's kind of what their
theory of nuclear war fighting is right
now I don't know if that's more
comforting or not but that's all the
time we have for today so I want to
thank on kitte for coming here to the
vice headquarters in Brooklyn Dave for
joining us from Monterey at the center
for nonproliferation studies and thanks
to all of our viewers on Facebook and
YouTube thanks for joining us
