what was supposed to be a cordial
meeting between British Prime Minister
Theresa May and jean-claude Juncker the
president of the European Commission
turned into a diplomatic disaster over
the terms of brexit younger reportedly
found mais demands to be delusional
including her assumption that the UK
would continue to enjoy the perks of the
EU club without paying dues one of those
perks is unfettered access to Europe's
financial markets for london's banks a
privilege they're set to lose in March
2019 the breach will create an
opportunity for other European cities
that want to steal tens of billions of
dollars in business from London the
financial capital of the world that
heist is already well underway in
England's next-door neighbor is after
the crown jewels to see the future
breaks at London come here to Dublin in
Ireland
so that's PwC right in front of us so
Facebook we're just down there so this
here is Airbnb headquarters in Dublin
that's Google land or g4 or silicon
docks as we like to call it the Irish
have already got some of the biggest
names in Silicon Valley now they're
coming for London's banks are you
seriously thinking that you could become
the European headquarters for lots of it
in case you missed it we're in Europe
you know big US corporates need to have
only MEA HQ why not Dublin and if you
know we can assist with brags listen to
fallout others we will mutual kind of
unofficial basis one newspaper even runs
a crane count it's up to 70 which in the
city of this small is a lot these aren't
cheap houses for Irish workers but
pricey offices and multinational
businesses
when Britain leaves Europe in March 2019
its banks and fund managers will lose
their right to trade in the rest of
Europe so the Irish government has made
it a priority to lure as many refugee
bankers as possible
that's this man's job call him Ireland's
Minister for breaks it how much effort
are you realistically putting in to
getting banks into Dublin the huge
amount of effort going on on behalf of
the Irish government every part of the
government to make sure that we're
across all the risks but also the
opportunities that bragg's it presents
for the Irish country he wants those
fleeing finances and their tax money a
number of companies have told us
privately that they are relocating to
Dublin or to Ireland as a result of the
the Brighton decision by the British
people a number of companies what number
when people ask for firm and hard
numbers it's very difficult to say for
certainty but if you look at one area in
particular for example insurance we can
say that five companies have made
applications for authorization under
another 15 to 20 s who are there they're
about in terms of making an application
the irony is that the Irish is still
paying the price for their last banking
crash less than a decade ago that one
nearly broke the country besides W is
not the only city of the brakes it
refugees you can see why in London
finance provides over 700,000 jobs and
31 billion dollars in taxes the next
biggest is Frankfurt it's barely a tin
to the size with 75 thousand workers and
what about Dublin just over 35,000 jobs
and 2 billion dollars in taxes the long
250 year perhaps dominance of the City
of London as the center for global
financial trade is probably peaking and
it's probably past and that is going to
be spread out amongst us smaller chunks
were going to a greater number of
countries like France Germany etc
they don't come much more London than
this 300 year old business it's even
called Lloyd's of London but the insurer
has just set up in Brussels insurance is
a highly regulated industry and we
require licensing to be able to issue
insurance policies and that would have
been a big impact on noise how big an
impact would have it had on you well
it's about five percent of our revenues
so it's about two billion dollars two
billion dollars a year that the first
time Lloyd's are put figure on how much
Greg's it could have cost them and it's
almost as large as entire annual profits
London isn't just a city it's a business
model one based on hosting the world's
money and taking a spare but after
breaks it London will struggle to remain
quite such an open city in a nation
that's a literate more closed off the
big question is what does London and
Britain do instead what's a historic
reality that we should use well if we
look across a thousand years or more of
financial services you see cities that
were dominant you see Florence you see
Paris you see Amsterdam and these were
at their times and for maybe a hundred
years or more
Lisa T and London has lasted longer than
most of those but maybe in the long
sweep of history and George's year's
time we'll be saying well and then the
City of London then it went in a cane
and it's gone
