tonight workers rise up in Russia Trump
and the writers strike and I'm sorry
guys on they're not happy
the Defense Department is launching its
own investigation into ousted Trump
advisor Michael Flynn and move the White
House called appropriate army documents
Declassified today show the Pentagon
told Flynn in 2014 not to accept foreign
government payments warning it would be
illegal if he did Flynn accepted money
from Russia and Turkey in 2015 and then
lied about it you have no evidence
zilch that he obtained permission from
the Secretary of the army and the
Secretary of State to accept any foreign
doublet payments as required by law
United Airlines reached a settlement
with the passenger who was filmed being
dragged off of one of its flights
earlier this month the lawyer for David
Gow said the deal was amicable but
didn't disclose how much United paid
social media videos of police violently
removing the 69 year old doctor sparked
public outrage against the company the
Pentagon announced today that two
American service members were killed
fighting the Islamic state in
Afghanistan's nan Gerard province on
Wednesday it's the same area where an
American soldier died earlier this month
and where the u.s. dropped the so called
Moab bomb on April 14th a group of
nationalists stormed Macedonia's
parliament building breaking through a
police barricade and attacking lawmakers
they're opposed to an ethnic Albanian
who was elected parliament speaker which
has never happened before in the country
an Albanian militant insurgency nearly
pushed Macedonia into civil war in 2001
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny
who recently got out of jail for
organizing national anti-corruption
protests says he was attacked in Moscow
with a chemical antiseptic which burned
his right eye the same thing happened to
Navalny last month and no one was
arrested for it
Navalny was the driving force behind
huge anti-corruption protests that
erupted in Russia last month where
authorities arrested more than a
thousand people that brutal crackdown
betrayed the Kremlin's uneasiness with
the unrest but appears to have
neutralized the movement at least for
now but another movement is just getting
started and it's already proving to be
much more difficult to suppress a
protest by truck drivers took hold in
Moscow today and it was just one small
part of a series of labor strikes that
have begun to engulf the country after
three years of economic paralysis and
this working-class uprising forms a
direct threat to Prime Minister Dmitry
Medvedev who more than half of Russians
now want thrown out of office
it's the third day that Sergey
ovchinnikov truck has been parked idle
on the side of this highway outside st.
Petersburg kara Mina's email amane yuumi
Apatow's some of these consist kamsani
Sergey is taking part in a nationwide
strike by Russia's long-distance
truckers part of a sporadic protest that
started over 18 months ago and now
reaches as far as cities in Siberia and
Dagestan their protest headquarters is
an empty semi-trailer they're organizing
against a government imposed road tax
but the movement has become about more
than just that it's about economic
fairness in government leaders who they
say are taking more from them all the
time the diva Platinum simulation
invested percent of missed Ibish and its
tablets and initiative with the
pavillion decision your music is your
complaint more about taxation or is it
about corruption or is it about the
politics with the moves to mash it -
equality giveaways - come here Boogedy
nuke naruto much is hidden is shared
you've talked about Medvedev being
responsible
do you also blame Putin for that to
finish on you and you say that
I never talk of superior brutally if
retired seven years ago I worked on them
with Liverpool lease tomorrow mania
complaints about Russia's popular
leaders especially President Vladimir
Putin who has a national approval rating
in the low 80s aren't a common thing to
hear and not everyone in the industry
Kanpur
but those who are are part of a quiet
upsurge in economic unrest happening in
localities across the country under
covered by official news channels and
overshadowed by the more coordinated in
photogenic urban protests many miners
near the southern city of Rostov have
been protesting late wage payments for
nearly two years and farmers in the
breadbasket region of Krasnodar have
been demonstrating against crop seizures
by powerful agricultural companies if
this fragmented constellation of
movements can get its act together it
might actually pose a threat to Putin
run comes to Phillip skipper
does my practicing the nation take the
problem when you destroy it so no it's a
story only a fairy story too busy in
this procedure to the summer Nikolay
miranov is a labor rights campaigner and
monitor he says that last year the
number of individual labor disputes
doubled a consequence of rising
discontent over Western sanctions and
Russia's ongoing economic crisis still
he acknowledges the moment of effective
coordination might be a way off should
the Kremlin be worried Russian stole the
silliest rally process but simple dongbu
survived I said for the Katerina key
emotion was pity with DTS doesn't let
him carry the Buddha's ship but is to
continue that was restitution bootstrap
it is a prosperous tokuda no local is
ERISA
we have justice - deliala Peter Berg is
a hallelujah krasnoyarsk II practice qrc
a human Audrey Booton is the head of the
truckers rights organization that
started this most recent sit in one day
coincidentally after Navalny protests
it's also faced harassment by the police
but the groups remain disconnected truck
drivers you're not the same as the
people who are going into the streets in
Moscow or st. Petersburg that seem like
very different groups of people Sloan I
am here I'm so stoked about my applause
Alexei Navalny where were you until
again soon so every minute of
righteousness Valley produced an
orchestra a table intelligence a mood
Rogelio marabou Qi Liu ji Yao hua lu d
p-- register watch central gyrados
comb na meeting ji a Tanaka's with the
covetous take a caucus of a toasted la
misma significant a week later we
rejoined andre outside st. Petersburg as
he tried to lead an unauthorized convoy
through the city police and anti-riot
units watched them closely they got
about a hundred meters
Andre was one of eight people detained
he was released seven hours later
House Republicans have begun hearings on
what they're calling the financial
choice acts it's an apt name for a
deregulation bill that will dismantle
dodd-frank the system of safeguards
Obama put in place to prevent meltdowns
like the 2008 financial crisis
most of those rules apply to bankers but
there's at least one proposed change
that will have a direct effect on every
consumer for the past five years
Americans have been able to file public
complaints about banks credit card
companies and all sorts of other
organizations in the financial sector a
government agency called the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau which was
created as part of dodd-frank to hold
companies accountable runs the database
and publishes most of the entries online
it's kind of like a Yelp for banks it's
very popular almost 750,000 complaints
have been published so far it's very
negative a lot of the complaints look
like this and the banks really don't
like it the thing is neither do
Republicans originally they wanted all
the complaints to be fact checked before
they were made public it's unclear why
they abandon that but to be fair it does
sound like of logistical nightmare now
they don't want any of the complaints
online their argument is basically that
companies can suffer irreparable damage
when inaccurate things are said about
them on this government-run site Michael
Barr was one of the people who testified
against the replacement bills he helped
write dodd-frank and points out the
complaints on the site already helped
expose one of the biggest banking
scandals in recent history
they used the data not as evidence
necessarily of a violation of law but as
an indication that the company may be
having significant problems with its
consumers and it may point to a broader
set of problems that the company is
having a some of which may indeed be
illegal as in the Wells Fargo case
no company should be looking to try and
hide information about consumer
complaints that information is going to
come out as it should bar things
companies are right to care about the
reputations but he says the answer isn't
hiding the complaints it's behaving in a
way that doesn't create the complaints
in the first place
following a spectacular fall from grace
flamboyant mega troll mileage innopolis
just announced he'll return to UC
Berkeley this fall to hold a week of
free speech rallies in February the
innopolis was invited to speak at the
university's campus but never did after
a seething mob of opponents hurling
rocks and Molotov cocktails forced the
university to cancel the event the same
greeting awaited an appearance by Ann
Coulter plan for today leading Berkeley
to cancel her speech as well but that's
the exact reaction right-wing
provocateurs thrive on and now Milo
seizing the moment to return to
relevance or try Michael Moynihan
visited him outside Miami
I think we should do Berkeley but I
think it's due in May and I think that
we should we should stage a big March
and you could do press conferences once
every couple years and I used to mine up
this year at that press conference you
novelist would apologize for a recently
surfaced recording in which he defended
relationships between adults and younger
boys some of those relationships between
younger boys and older men the sort of
coming-of-age relationships the
relationships in which those older men
have hoped those young boys to discover
who they are and with that it all came
crashing down CPAC the annual gathering
of the conservative elite withdrew an
invitation to speak a
quarter-million-dollar book contract was
cancelled he resigned from Breitbart and
then Milo went quiet but the character
of Milo needs controversy to survive and
isn't easily dispatched it was forged by
a troubled childhood in England there's
a lot unfortunately I can't really ask
for a better answer than that no I just
find them really boring and and I and is
it a thing where you're supposed to like
respect and love your parents and I'm
like okay fine I will come I go a
conservative exactly exactly so I have
all this pressure on me to be nice to my
mom and dad and actually they're just
really boring my mom was a complete come
so yeah who cares my mom's new husband
to beat me up hook you up well I'm a
little bit I had to make excuses for
black eyes on from time to time I like
to set fire to stuff and I was a little
 I probably deserve set fire
microwave the cat box you literally just
explained everything about yourself very
short no but the cat I felt like the cat
was gay
I'm sorry you felt like the cattle get
any more attention so you put in the
microwave but I was young and I was
damaged how you microwaved if I we had
fun no it didn't fortified by a half
dozen flutes of champagne you Napoles
put the sunglasses on and the bomb
throwing character emerged
do you regret apologizing no I think it
was worthwhile doing because you know
I've given a lot of interviews in the
past where I've said I don't say
anything I don't believe and I don't I
mean you said similar things a number of
times right I think the mistake I made
and the reason I apologized is I you
know I think they were I think I got
carried away into saying something I
didn't quite I would not want to defend
you and I think it is a small man I
think it is a petty person I think it is
somebody without integrity who refuses
to apologize
Milo you've done one you know an entire
later they've misspoken but one time and
I believe that I have misspoken once and
that one time that I have misspoken I
apologize okay well that's a certain
level of confidence that I have to give
a grudge agree well you're welcome
you're welcome to provide other examples
I can think it's too exhausting all
right I'm gonna push you under that's
not good enough
let's do it yes let's do it you're
you're challenging the wrong guy I'm as
troubled by violence towards innocent
children as the next sociopath but those
kids in Syria who are killed in a gas
attack are only growing up to be
oppressors of women and murderers of
homosexuals anyways this is funny don't
you find that for my pendant it's funny
I'm mystified by the punchline of this
one we're talking about kids who've been
gassed in a sarin gas at least and by
yes of course I do
oh it's depended on this on its merits
because you can make a joke about
anything but that actually has
now what is but it has a political
content to defend it yeah the quantity I
defend it we like you know as a gay man
I find Islam to be an existential threat
to my existence and if I want to make a
joke along those lines being like you
know I don't know why we're all so
worried about Syria they're only gonna
grow up to be people want to kill us and
oppress our mothers anyway totally fine
totally stand by it absolutely fine it's
sort of a genocide I'll point they
killed the children because they might
grow up to be something terrible this is
what we left us this is you to take it
taking the lamp tensive throwaway
remarks and jokes and like line those
off sometimes I don't know if you're
being funny or if you're being serious
because then she's like a serial I'm
being funny okay should always assuming
being funny yes sir what is it what is
it I'm just like it's a joke what do I
take away from that comment you take
away from that become I don't know what
you worried you have to take something
away from it I mean it makes it them
everyone in the room laughed when I said
it you think all these things that
happen to you mm-hmm
they're just grist for the mill they've
made you stronger well you know what
doesn't kill me makes more fabulous look
unless you literally leave me in a
coffin unless you I am dead on a
battlefield like with spears in my back
with my head pounded into the dust I'm
going nowhere and nothing and no one can
take me out least of all the
media the Writers Guild of America the
union representing more than 12,000 film
and TV writers is on the brink of a
strike over wages unless the writers are
able to reach an agreement with the
Alliance of motion picture and
television producers which represents
the major studios the strike could start
as early as May 2nd
Dexter Thomas explains what that could
mean for your favorite shows if a show
has a script or writers it could get
affected by a strike dramas like The
Walking Dead could get delayed this
season and late-night talk shows like
The Daily Show or Stephen Colbert could
just go on hiatus and even things like
the mtv movie and TV awards could take a
dive to if you really love these shows
you might be a little worried there's
one person who probably isn't the
president Saturday Night Live would have
to can
the last three shows of this season and
Donald Trump's made it pretty clear that
he doesn't like SNL there's also a
brand-new show on Comedy Central called
the president show and it seems like
it's pretty much dedicated to making fun
of Donald Trump if a writer strike
happens that one's out too and actually
this wouldn't be the first time that
writers strike worked on Donald Trump's
favor
back in 2007 NBC had just cancelled his
show The Apprentice because the ratings
weren't good and then the writers strike
happening and the two most popular shows
the office and scrubs had to end their
seasons early so they decided to bring
The Apprentice back they were able to do
this because not all reality shows use
Union writers the new version was called
Celebrity Apprentice it was a huge hit
and went on for seven more seasons it
put him into millions of homes made him
way more popular and you know the rest
so for writers strike does happen Donald
Trump might catch a break and not have
to watch shows that he doesn't like and
you won't even have to sign an executive
order to do it
all right so real quick guys want to do
a safety talk so we are going
underground into a mine avoid touching
the walls if you can help it and watch
your head certainly where you're going
our job is to find every dead bat and
every band so we have to make sure that
we're paying attention to that and
that's our prime goal going in there on
work Tim Carter and Martin Van Hoff are
researchers in Michigan investigating
white nose syndrome a disease killing
millions of bats in the US so you
haven't been into this specific mine you
haven't checked out these bats since the
fall no that's correct we are here to
assess the results of a long-term
experiment to test a treatment against
white nose syndrome what is white nose
syndrome
it's a fungal disease that infects the
bats is a pretty devastating disease
that started came over from Europe in
2006 accidentally introduced into New
York and it has been spreading from that
epicenter in New York across the country
so far white nose syndrome has been
identified in 31 states mostly in the
Northeast but US Fish and Wildlife tells
us it's spreading West in March the
fungus that causes it was identified in
Texas and last week the disease was
confirmed in Oklahoma as it moves
through these populations of bats we're
seeing massive declines mortality rates
of you know certainly over 80% in some
cases as high as 90 95 % of the
population is dying as a result of this
disease
white-nose syndrome isn't just
devastating to bats it's a huge problem
for the economy bats eat a lot of
insects including moths and beetles that
means that they're crucial for pest
control saving American farmers an
estimated 3.7 billion dollars in crop
damages every year researchers across
the country are trying to figure out
what can be done to stop the diseases
spread what is the absolute worst case
scenario once we go into that line worst
case scenario is that we go into the
and find every bat dead on the ground
Martin and Tim conducted an experiment
in this mine last December
they catalogued 165 bats and treated
half of them with Qaida's on a compound
they hope will help fight the fungus
they sealed up the mine last fall today
they'll find out if any of the bats
survive the winter
dead bats are sorted into ziplock bags
and live ones into paper bags bunch of
dead bats around here both live and dead
bats will then be taken to a field lab
for analysis
the fungus irritates certain bat species
like little brown bats causing them to
wake up and fly around during the winter
when they should be hibernating because
of this they end up spending a lot more
energy than they should at a time when
there's no food available to sustain
them eventually they die from starvation
what are we looking at this is what
that's what they're supposed to look
like there are bunch of different bats
around yeah we've got three we got a
pair right here and then a single one
right up in there they're cute little
guys they are kind of cute yeah well
he's not happy at all so far you found a
few dead ones lots of live ones what
does that tell you I mean it's kind of
what we expect we're hoping to have some
live bats and some dead bats of course
we will not know who's who until after
we get back and check the numbers on
their bands so I don't know if I'm
looking at a treated matter if I'm
looking at a control back so it's really
too early to tell if we have any success
other than we're happy that we've got
some live bats and some day bats
alright folks we only have roughly 57
live bats
we will PD swab and micro swab every bat
some infected bats develop a white fuzzy
growth on their noses but the most
common sign of the disease are lesions
on their wings and Tails and they will
be tissue punch number eight the only
way to truly tell if a bat has the
disease however is to send samples for
analysis
right now Tim and Martin are trying to
save as many bats as possible
but they know that even if an effective
control method is found bat populations
will take a long time to recover that's
because unlike other small mammals bats
reproduce slowly females only have one
pup a year every year that white-nose
impacts bat populations it will take
approximately a hundred years or more to
offset those losses so right now we are
at about ten years of white-nose losses
if we could wave a magic wand today and
just get rid of white nose it would be
more than a thousand years before bats
could get back to where they were just
ten years ago Tim and Martin will have
to wait for the final results of this
winter's treatment trials in the
meantime they've released some of the
surviving bats back into the cave
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
April 27 tune in tomorrow night at 7:30
Eastern for a special episode on the
first 100 days of Donald Trump well I
think I may be under surveillance the
government can't be involved that's like
horseshit
you're gonna bring jobs back to America
and I'm gonna hold you to it
it's a good day trying to force me to do
something that I can't do legally
