a booming subculture of young Japanese
men are obsessed with anime to the point
of creating actual intimacy now a
company called Winkle has invented a
machine that can help bring their
fantasies at least partway to life in
the form of a dedicated virtual
companion
Dexter Thomas went to Tokyo to meet her
begin off hi John I am kinda convenient
just finishing the gate box is a virtual
assistant that features an anime
character named as much study she's
projected inside of a glass to cut he
hooks into your home network and she can
wake you up turn the lights on when you
come home and even send you text
messages throughout the day
everything she does though is kept
strictly PG Booma qumola oh no miss Coe
secretary Nakada dakedo Isaac's angina
no no Scott a mistake a sawhorse take
rotational a toccata male agent I can
lick Adriana you know behide emotionally
Takeshi is the 29 year old founder and
CEO of Winkle the company behind the
gate box he says it soon every company
will have robots but he thinks of robots
in the market now for to robotics
muchacha de para la straight-arrow moto
de la noche no dice que la strategy boys
journey cuando en a connection
presenting on a second so you know and
if again stand up on the theory mosquito
you miss hi sorry if I tell you made a
mistake but that dream doesn't come
cheap the initial run a pre-order units
sold out immediately but the gate box
carries a pretty hefty price tag
hey you all well said I'm not keen Olga
sort of career on it then I got but ice
at all hey MA Holocaust a destiny polka
thank you no I mean I'm Joyce called
okay disorder the Sun do not excited for
this is it
hi guys oh yeah I know
after 9:00 the Kentucky Division i-aa
baccarat company Pasha Tomas de papel
picado Kyoto location on a parmesan cake
on sorry dodo TT a No - so no Potanin no
tameni I tried a mechanical genetic
scoffs they don't develop automatic on
encountered up in the Finnish gate the
gate box was designed for otaku socially
insecure people with obsessive interest
usually in comic book - anime otaku was
stereotypically male which is probably
why the gate box only features a female
character one investors said - based on
the otaku audience he sees the anime
conventions the gate box should have a
pretty solid market I mean all says
anymore wake our queen house I'm not an
engine that's a simile next day and
maybe I don't reckon on my chakra is a
custom silicone meat okay case here in
the dome on the scale or furniture it
was even a phenomenal book toasty
martinez-castillo satsu Genova neomuna
dioxide roc Stovall's I'm offending and
oh my god oh hi the first item of this
sum or gate book surah dual zoo students
call my chicken on Gator books on
occasion Connie rocker a mass or a text
or on some small scale you can go there
and goodbye to you when the
international press found out about the
gay box most outlets made fun of it but
Winco says the publicity has sparked
interest in America with people who want
to use the gate box it's a tool to cope
with disabilities more Maya cosenza we
add modules IJ machado papa-yoni
PTSD o que es todo sobre la zona de un
grado de Soleil Elsa - total many a dope
on secondary to Casa de estas loca at
Washu high emotive attacks Nasheed OD
solicited re-mose ninguna that ago item
each degree 9ks OA day
sitting on a bar table Livadia I don't
know they're a unique except for new
stylist did I know the gate box is still
a long way from serving as a replacement
companion but the interaction Scotty
offers might be all some people need
capo instead
odo moon de esto se hace docket NOP NOP
a photo Takei god
anoche Hasina jinsei kuvira no como
quiero poner llevarnos ki nahi poachin
class arrow koto de taiga Nicosia
Ottoman Tala not a motor no de la paga
Anna Boch Eric a doctor a limited then
not so much a
