what are these machines doing so those
computers are miners they are mining to
the currencies and they're validating
the transactions on the blockchain
mining operations like Marcos were made
possible by pseudonymous programmer
Satoshi Nakamoto who in 2009 created
Bitcoin a decentralized digital currency
run by no one entity and beyond the
control of any one government but
Nakamoto whose true identity remains a
well-guarded secret face an obvious
problem if no physical currency exists
who tracks the ownership of a digital
coin to solve this he created the
blockchain software that records and
stores information like who owns a
Bitcoin on a decentralized ledger shared
across millions of computers it can't be
changed and it's nearly impossible to
hack the big thing about mining general
is that it's not one single central
entity that validates all the
transactions the - all over the world
that validating them so this server farm
on this kind of moonscape of Iceland
this might replace a central bank it's
not only replacing actually it's making
a central entity of the leaf
