raised in Canada two Russian parents
Vitalik boo Turin is the blockchain
movements biggest celebrity he created
the etherium block chain when he was
just 21 years old and it's
cryptocurrency the ether is second only
to Bitcoin it's market cap increased by
over ten thousand percent in 2017
Vitalik has been on a global campaign to
raise awareness of his creation and its
potential implications for business
finance and government we caught up with
him in Russia where the government hopes
that aetherium can be as transformative
for their own finances as it's been for
his so I heard about Bitcoin for the
first time and maybe February 2011
eventually I found a guy who was willing
to pay me five bitcoins per article for
writing articles for his Bitcoin blog
and what was Bitcoin worth of the time
each pick one was zero point eight
dollars zero point 8 o suta 5 per
article and now that would be $5,000 an
article right more or less okay being a
high school guy with not much money I
thought 1.5 dollars an hour was a fairly
reasonable wage so I that was a good
fight for 1.5 I can earn 20 bitcoins
then I spent 8 and a half of them on a
t-shirt and I figure oh cool this all
actually works and what really struck
out as me was this idea that it actually
is still possible for people to come
together and create an entire new
financial system and it's like seemed
kind of very empowering to me and
hearing you talk about recreating a
financial system there's something sort
of utopian about it get rid of all the
old stuff and create something totally
from scratch no no it wasn't about kind
of like overthrowing anything it was
more just to the idea that before kind
of finance and lots of other things
seems like there were all these people
way up away up there that we're just
doing these things and without them you
know there's no way any of this could
happen and here it just made it very
obvious that money is just something
that a community can make for itself
whenever at once we know what we T
centralized networks are I mean I'm sure
you've heard of BitTorrent II and all
the various file sharing networks like
all the various decentralized messaging
systems
this group of cypher punks that thought
okay you can do all those things in a
decentralized way why can't we do
decentralized cash it's for example if I
have you know some song and I wants to
send you the song over a decentralized
network I do this yeah that's fine I
have a song you have the song money is
fundamentally different because money
requires some notion of memory so I have
a hundred uh several dollars I send you
the hundred digital dollars then I make
another transaction which looks exactly
like the flat first transaction except
the only difference is it sends someone
else one hundred digital dollars I
published both transactions at the same
time clearly both of those transactions
cannot succeed you have to have some
mechanism that keeps track of the fact
that I sent you these hundred dollars
and so that after I send the first
transaction I in the system knows that I
no longer have the money and so the
second transaction fails explain to me
why this technology is so
transformational that people think it
will change the world because they
represents kind of epochal changes in
the options that we have for interacting
with each other with a Bitcoin it's you
don't need banks to send money anymore
it's just something that happens
directly peer-to-peer and aetherium
extends that to making digitally
enforceable agreements if that changes
whole industries doesn't it and it has a
debt bubble soon do you feel like the
destroyer of worlds here I mean you can
essentially eliminate how many jobs by
doing that make destroyer of jobs
creator of better ones cuz that's pretty
good
you
