British scientists say they've
identified the specific mechanism that
makes certain bacteria resistant to a
key antibiotic it's part of a larger
battle against drug-resistant bacteria
one of the world's most stubborn health
problems once bacteria gets in the blood
it generally can lead to what's called a
septic shock syndrome kidney failure
liver failure you can get central
nervous system issues but generally you
have a difficult time maintaining the
blood pressure of the patient dr.
Anthony pouchy runs infectious disease
research at the National Institutes of
Health one of their major priorities is
finding ways to stop drug-resistant
bacteria which kill about 50,000 people
a year in America and Europe alone in
February the World Health Organization
put out a list of the 12 most dangerous
of these so-called superbugs at the top
a rod-shaped bacterium called
Acinetobacter baumannii that preys on
hospital patients now Acinetobacter is
generally a microbe that's in soil and
water the threat of a sonido bhaktas
became very much on our radar screen in
the war wounds of our troops that were
fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan if you
look at the rate of antimicrobial
resistance with Acinetobacter it's high
50% of them are resistant to call the
Penan which is a very important
antibiotic that you generally treat
these infections with when they're not
resistant depending upon when you get it
you get what's called bacteremia you
have a central line in or a cassada
that's the original seed of the bacteria
and then it seeds the blood you get a
bloodstream infection you can wind up
getting septicemia and multiple organ
system failure
ouchy says it's a key to stopping
superbugs like these isn't necessarily
chasing them with new drugs but
targeting existing drugs against them
and trying to stop transmission in
hospitals and he thinks the PR campaign
might be working people like a challenge
so when you come out and you have WH o
at the CDC saying hey multiple
drug-resistant bacteria is a real
problem that's a challenge that excites
people and say well you know if I'm
going to work on something I want to
work on something that's important where
what I do will have an impact
