the AMA or C women practice a Japanese
fishing tradition that dates back at
least 5000 years with few options to
make a living
women learn to dive for abalone sea
cucumber and other delicacies to sell at
markets the AMA plunges deepest 60 feet
in freezing water with no oxygen tanks
using techniques passed from generation
to generation today of course women in
Japan have other job opportunities and
divers ranks are dwindling from 20,000
after world war ii to just 2,000 today
and a tradition unique to this country
may be on the brink of dying out vice
news followed one mother-daughter ama
team under the waves
Hey
Oh Maureen as a skater for in an idyllic
childhood
Amazon to smuggle d-day kya hai Sona
Waterloo you say no she got oh no
Anthony Michael I got the thoughts the
kilometers tall Appetit you say I
suppose I've got my good attack at all
the said Okotoks havoc with a mogul in a
cutback Genoa in Oasis's now you guys
totally - Tina - economist Amazon
neurotic Community Economic Analysis
demo Amazon the canary Dakota that I
share I can I call a dozen weight into
the Moke Nagatomo greeted my notoriety
know Jesus is the mahkumaat
arrondissement Italian Oh see God's
character at the Germany army mother
Jessica tuna Takuto course as a Sangha
suka welcomed a veteran of asana Sarah
that I all a video the more you go MA
Honda it does yoga everybody career
episode Medina no God cannot in yes he
whose Oman I say Thank You Bobby a
society votre a fair economy no joke
yoga ether ah even more to the illness
or net
you
