hi everyone I'm Christina's Durbin's I'm
an editor with vice news I'm here today
with Clint watts
he's a former special special agent with
the FBI and a current fellow with the
Foreign Policy Research Institute he
stirred things up last week after
testimony in front of the Senate
Intelligence Committee about Russia
Donald Trump and FBI investigations and
he's here today to answer some questions
about that thank you so much for coming
in Clinton it's great to have you thanks
for having me so I'm really curious you
predicted after your testimony last week
that Russian trolls were going to lob
some cyber attacks on you and try to
discredit you did that happen hasn't
happened yet if it does haven't it
usually takes them about a week to set
up their parameters I mean my guess is
that they change up their scheduling and
their trolling they have their like
daily and weekly coordination meetings
so time will tell
yeah I don't know it's happened in the
past I don't know it'll happen in the
future now we'll see well best of luck
when it does yeah if it's not that movie
an American probably so I think why your
testimony kind of stirred so many
emotions for people is because the
discussion surrounding Donald Trump and
his administration Russia has largely
been focused on Russian hacking of the
DNC as well as kind of covert
communication between administration
officials and Russia but you've said
that the bigger problem or the real
problem is actually these propaganda
spreading fake news and influencing the
election that way why is that so
dangerous for the US well there's two
two problems with falsehoods you've got
disinformation which is what a
nation-state does they use that as
propaganda against their adversary that
would be like Russia trying to influence
or manipulate the United States the
other part is just misinformation which
is you know fact versus fiction you
don't know what's true so people become
disoriented with the truth when they do
then they start to believe falsehoods or
they make poor decisions or they don't
want to engage in government and so
we're focused real heavy on Russian
disinformation right now but
misinformation writ large is a bigger
issue over the long term and I think
that's what we really need to address
we're focused on this one part but it's
a whole system the whole ecosystem
information
out there so this misinformation and
disinformation campaigns from Russia has
our president been a victim of them yeah
I mean if you looked at a sweater feed
this morning he cited a WikiLeaks
release essentially which was conducted
by the Russians to attack Hillary
Clinton yet again even after the
election right so so he's still doing it
you know I brought it up last week
people said didn't believe it then he
just did it this morning he is still
using the Russian stolen Russia stole
information he's still using it against
his opponent and he already won the
election so he's giving Russia victory
even after the election and they were
already winning before now it's one
thing for these campaigns to target the
executive branch but you were talking
about everyday people who are then not
as engaged to participate in politics
and might be making bad decisions
have you seen evidence of Russian
propaganda Central's targeting somebody
from Middle America who could be voting
yeah so if it's a Middle America kind of
person that they want to influence the
goal is to either silence people um and
so this is the one-on-one trolling it's
called people the people and active
measure strategy this is the one-on-one
trolling they're trying to take anybody
that's a real active anti Trump or Pro
Clinton supporter and take them out of
the information space but the other part
of it is you look at we've we know about
the DNC breach we know about a few
others of in cyber tech they hit about
four to five thousand people you know
crowd strikes talked about it some of
the other cyber companies have talked
about it that means they're sitting on
information from a wide range of
Americans which become these information
weapons that they can release on anybody
that rises up they're also going to
target beyond the political space so
financial experts get hit all the time
we watch that if you're Pro capitalist
anti-russia you're going to take it on
the chin the other thing is media
personalities if you're anti Russia or
even a scholar they're going to come
after you and try and get you to stop
you know talking openly and publicly and
I know scholars on Russia have had
several computers burned up with
destructive malware so Wow this isn't
graphic yeah it's not something that's
gonna likely to go away
now focusing on on the voters you said
four to five thousand people is that in
one instance of misinformation or is
that total across the election so that's
hacking that's the hacking of it and it
probably consumes some voters yeah I
don't know what the breakdown would be
but it's a whole spectrum of people so
yeah that's a wide stretch and here's
another one that you'll commonly hear is
that Oh America does this to everybody
yeah no they don't the United States
doesn't go and hack into thousands of
people's information in a foreign
country and then dump it all out on the
internet and then use it against them to
try and ruin their lives just because
they're anti us how they don't from the
internet you might think that they'd
yeah from the internet you might think
they do but I mean I'm I've never heard
of this in the US government there's no
history of it and when you bring this up
I tend to hear these sort of conspiracy
theories all the time we have a lot of
controls actually in the United States
about how we do propaganda far more than
any other country by the way maybe other
than a couple of European countries and
so I think the dangerous thing moving
forward is we've just seen how Russia is
doing influence we've now equipped every
author authoritarian regime that's got
hackers and doesn't care about civil
liberties to repeat that same playbook
so I mean arguably Russia has been
trying to gain influence in the u.s.
since before the Cold War why now why
were they successful right now what
there's two things the why now part is
they want to see the breakup of EU and
the breakup of NATO and so to do that if
you can break those two alliances and
they can go with their foreign policy
objectives one-on-one against you know
with each country and barter
so once the Union breaks up they can
either be aggressive or make deals so
that's the objectives but on the why now
it's because they couldn't do active
measures during the Cold War because
they would have to put agents inside the
United States so you'd have to build up
following with like a political party
they'd have to make newspapers and try
and gain attention that's really really
hard to do it takes a long time to do
that I guess then or not kind of change
things the internet they can do it from
afar they don't put any physical
presence in there super low cost there's
no risk of having agents in the United
States and you can do it they did it
basically
about a two year time span so
specifically how does Russia do this do
they create Twitter bots that are
spewing out fake articles
you mentioned hacking before she just
explained a little bit specifically what
this campaign would look like right so
it's got three parts to it and we talked
in in information warfare speak it's
called white gray black that's the break
out so white or overt outlets and this
is state-sponsored propaganda which I
talked about pretty extensively in the
middle is what's called grey which are
these are those that are just naturally
simple sympathetic to Russia which are
often times called fellow travelers
these are people that believe the same
things Russia does and support their
cause then there are those that are
deliberate proxies and then on the far
end is the what I call hackers hecklers
and honeypot so you got hackers that are
compromising people's information which
fuels the influence that's what we
missed in the United States and the
lead-up to the election then you have
the honey pots which are just baiting
accounts trying to get people to join in
and COFF up their information and then
you have the hecklers these are the
trolls that you commonly hear about
which are designed to sort of suppress
people's opinions and to amplify they
they use the bots in that space so it's
almost like you have a weapon where you
can amplify yourself amongst a target
audience you're trying to influence so
with these three separate campaign
issues the white white grey black like
you said right those seem like three
separate issues when you're trying to
combat this problem as well so how do
you develop as the US a strategy for
addressing this issue right I it's
multiple parts but I think the most
important thing especially for people
that are watching this or you know heard
the testimony is I've heard a lot about
stopping fake news fake news has been
around a long time there's you know
profit ears that make fake news we you
know there's some good stories about
that there's nation-states
there's the onion you know satirist who
do this and then there's political
groups that do this as well what's of
concern is the state-sponsored stuff and
you're not going to be able to stop them
from doing it what what you do need to
do and you heard the others that were
testifying with me say is just out those
people that are part of this system a
part of that
work that's going to take social media
companies working to make sure that they
keep the pure idea of it probably you
saw Facebook today announced that
they're bringing together a consortium
of social media companies that's a good
first step and the other thing is we
advocate rating news outlets don't try
and track every fake news item you'll
drive yourself crazy yeah
and it won't really have an impact and
so instead of blocking things you just
tell consumers hey this is the type of
outlets that you got this is their
rating on truth versus fiction this is
their general orientation and it comes
up in their search feed either on
Facebook or on Google whatever it might
be then they decide for themselves at
least you know what you're getting right
now you don't when you see a story that
like strikes that you it's social
engineering you one share it around well
then you grab on to a new disseminated a
lot of these outlets popped up in a
matter of weeks or months and had huge
audience just with fake news so we're
going to go to a question from Twitter
Sebastian Pecha berry Sebastian sorry I
might have butchered your name how do
reports of cabinet members with links to
Russia affect US relations going forward
I think every country in the world right
now is trying to figure out where does
the administration stand on things they
don't really have foreign policy if you
look at they have tactical actions that
they've chosen build a wall immigration
policy things like that but it's not a
global foreign policy strategy so
they're trying to assess if the Trump
administration doesn't have a real
foreign policy who in each of these
organizations is my friend or foe and so
all of these cabinet picks I can tell
you some of them are actually great I'm
a big fan of SEC SEC def mattis general
McMaster who was in structure at West
Point when I was a cadet is amazing I
was thrilled to see that but then he's
offset by the inner circle at the White
House yeah and that's where we really
can't figure out what the path is
moveable seems like a lot of trumps
intelligence community pics were are
really well respected and it's yeah a
lot of the pushback on other members of
the cabinet so aside from Russian
influence in the u.s. election which we
about the FBI is also investigating
whether the Trump administration
colluded with Russia to influence the
election which is a whole nother issue
and I don't think that people really
have a sense of what these encounter
intelligence investigations usually look
like and how they go right and with your
background it would be great to hear
about that yeah so it always starts with
the lead sometimes it's a tip or it
could be the pickup of something for
example if there are espionage you know
agents from a foreign country our
foreign power that we're trying to
influence government officials they may
be detected trying to do that and that
would start a counterintelligence
investigation from there it runs just
like any other investigation with one
difference between counterintelligence
counterterrorism versus traditional
crime violent crimes as you play off a
different playbook
it's the Attorney General guidelines as
opposed to like u.s. code or law and so
the standards and the methods by which
you investigate are different and that
play is very much in the discussion here
right now about collateral collections
wept up in surveillance and those sorts
of things what I don't like that I'm
hearing right now is gives the notion
that everyone's information and phone
calls and everything is sucked up and
this there there's a very rigorous
procedure for minimization and it sounds
like to justify a tweet that was fired
off by the president they're now going
back to find somebody's name right you
know through all this collateral
collection which could be thousands of
people but those are minimized and
they're sealed usually and anyone who's
not doing up to wrongdoing is put away
in terms of counterintelligence you're
going to look for physical contacts
electronic communication and finances
money those are usually the three things
that you're looking for in a
counterintelligence investigation so I
know that counterintelligence
Investigations often use technology or
techniques that American people don't
really know about any other sort of
covert or secret tactics that we don't
want a foreign agent finding out about
so how difficult is it to translate
those techniques into a criminal
investigation that if you were to ever
want to bring charges against somebody
yeah so once you do your counter
investigation you then looked what what
the US attorneys would do is look to
assess where any US law is broken so
you've heard about the Hatch Act and
some of these you know laws that are out
there that's when they do the assessment
if it is then they do basically a
declassification and they omit that to
the court for trial and that's pretty
much how the process works so do you
think that this investigation I mean I
know that counterintelligence
investigations are notoriously difficult
and often take a really long time do you
think the fact that this is the first
one if you've ever had on a sitting
president especially somebody as
outspoken let's say it's Donald Trump
would make things more difficult or take
longer yeah I think there's a point
there we should definitely clarify which
it doesn't sound like the president is
under investigation you know what was
said by director Comey is and people
around potentially in the staff or
people that work on the campaign right
and so with that it's going to take a
real long time what part of the reason
it's even going to be harder is the more
the president talks about it the more
leads dry up or it slows down the FBI in
doing their work these investigations
kind of like you have 48 hours to solve
a murder investigation and the
percentage decreases it sounds like
right you know in television world
everything solved in an hour
counterintelligence I I would say it's
not under two or three years if at all
so those are much tougher investigations
and they move much slower because people
are trying to hide what they're doing
you know well I think you just answered
one of our questions from Twitter Jason
Van Slyke wanted to know how long before
the American people learn what the
government knows do you think two to
three years is accurate no I think it I
think it'll get pushed to months you
know and they'll try and get this
resolved but it's not going to be in the
next two weeks and I kind of keep seeing
this sort of churn every time one of
these issues comes up I think the FBI is
actually doing the right thing and
they're going to take it slow if you
remember back to the Hillary Clinton
emails being reviewed or whatever that
took months and but they went through
everything at nauseam I mean the amount
of data that they went through for those
investigations is phenomenal and so I
think people need to understand probably
that again you know that has to be
assessed
so another question from social media
Nabil wants to know does the current
divide between the executive branch and
the FBI have any precedent and what
effect is this growing divide going to
have on the FBI's ability to perform its
job ah in terms of precedent I would say
yes I would have our time citing
specifically which ones you know off the
top of my head I'm sure during Nixon
administration you know other
administration's there's been challenges
with all right what was the second part
of the question would this growing
divide have any effect on the FBI's
ability to do its job and carry out
investigations like these I think the
biggest issue is every time there's an
erroneous claim about wiretapping or
voter fraud it sucks up the energy of
the entire US government so just give me
prove it yeah they have to disprove it
and so if you're Admiral Rogers the NSA
director you're now going to Congress to
say that there was no wiretapping when
he only Maat his agency only monitors in
if you saw him he kept emphasizing only
monitors things that are overseas and
outside the United States right the FBI
is the only FBI is domestic power that's
why he kept reasserting and saying this
is not in my responsibility and now
you're wasting my time and then you have
the president sort of tweeting out a
video of that testimony mr. stirring it
so I'm sure that that adds to the burden
every time it calls then you know
Congress has to correct and correct the
record which they should and it just
creates all this you know inefficiency
in the US government we could be doing
other things like protecting Americans
that's really interesting so it sounds
like you're saying this growing divide
really could prolong and affect the
investigation at hand
sure absolutely it's a disrupting effect
both on trying to get the investigation
done and it just keeps extending it
because you have to react to whatever
conspiracy the president throws out on
any given day so I know that this is a
hypothetical but if you can answer it
these investigations rarely lead to
charges if it were to you know let's say
that some kind of smoking gun
information is revealed how would the
FBI go about bringing charges what that
look like yeah I mean in general the way
it looks like is they go then
the Department of Justice and they make
a recommendation so if you remember when
director Comey came out so I'm not going
to recommend charges that's generally
how it works the law enforcement group
whatever the federal law enforcement is
then takes those charges to the US
Attorney's and then ask them to or
recommend the case or not a case and
then the Department of Justice decides
this is very essential in the sessions
why he had to recuse himself because he
may be asked then to move in terms of
charges on other people that were in the
campaign with them that's why he had to
recuse himself so is the DOJ involved in
the investigation up until that point or
are they sort of like the red team at
the end that goes over everything and
decides whether there's a case it
depends I would assume they they're kept
in the loop to a certain degree they
don't reveal everything you know until
it's time to make the recommendations so
that's why it sounds like Ross rose and
Steen's you know his confirmation has
been so key two people to determine
what's going on with this investigation
before he's confirmed right that's
exactly the problem though the whole
system is kinked up you can't get
appointees through you don't have
efficiency in the system
the whole executive branch has been
slowed down by this yeah absolutely
so speaking of complications that have
come from this investigation know Mike
Flynn obviously had to resign because of
his revealed ties to Russia or
communication with Russia right and now
he's offering to give testimony in
exchange for immunity we were talking
about a smoking gun and again I realized
that hypothetical but do you think that
he could bring the smoking gun
information what what do you make of his
offer I don't make much of it at all
other than and it's not clear to me what
he's really being charged with or would
he be vulnerable to I don't think it's
all tied up with Russia either he did
other foreign consulting it sounds like
particularly with Turkey he retro
actively registered for the flight and
so he it sounds like he's trying to do
the right thing no he's trying to get
immunity but honestly I don't think
there's going to be a smoking gun at the
end of it it's a bargaining chip as my
guess so in your experience when people
have
pulled the same card as Flynn have
offered to testify in exchange for
immunity do they always have something
big or is it just a move it's oftentimes
just a move and I think it really
depends it's probably on the advice of a
lawyer who told told them look here's
what you might be vulnerable to so why
not if you got nothing - I go ahead and
testify ya get and get yourself immunity
while we're at it yeah smart legal
strategy absolutely um so another
question
this one's from YouTube's new social
media platform wolf blass he said more
of a comment really but he said remember
if they had any caught babying they the
government had any concrete and
substantial evidence they would have
shown it by now instead of endlessly
speculating so I think what these are
trying to ask is if the government has
any concrete information why haven't
they shared it with us you know they're
not gonna share anything until they
close the entire case out you don't
share in increments that's that's
standard practice okay it's just not how
it works right so what would be the next
steps in the investigation then what
what do you think is the next public
move that's coming in terms of the FBI I
have no idea you know what they're
pursuing but I think the Senate Intel
committee you know I was there last week
and I was nervous about it going in just
because I had seen how the House
Intelligence Committee was sort of
running and the senators were fantastic
when I was there it was much better than
I thought
chair member and co-chairman Warner were
excellent and all the senators asked
really good questions I did not feel
bipartisanship you know or gotcha stuff
so it was one of the few times in recent
memory that I was a little bit inspired
by how government actually worked the
way it was supposed to yeah and and what
we might find is that the upside of
President Trump is that it reeked Ickx
the Congress in certain ways to be the
legislature that we hope it would be
instead of the one it has been for a
long time so maybe there's a light at
the end of the tunnel it could be it
could be I mean they seem to be very
focused on getting to the bottom of what
these connections are what was the
influence that was there and I have a
lot more confidence in them having been
there and sort of out of there pursuing
it
the lack of grandstanding you know the
speeches or whatever senator Rubio you
know disclose and things about his own
campaign afterwards I've got a lot more
confidence today than I did seven days
ago well that's a great positive note to
end on is there anything else you want
to add before we wrap things up no
that's it great well that's all the time
we have but before we go I just wanted
to say a quick thanks to Clint for
joining us here today it's been great to
have you and keep checking
pase news.com for updates on the
investigation
thanks for joining us take care
