it's football
hello team barber began his sophomore
season at Auburn as the third string
running back but he ended up rushing for
a thousand yards and 13 touchdowns
despite the high risks of the NFL draft
process Payne decided to leave school
early to help support his mom who didn't
have a home of her own
thank you for this opportunity to come
to kind of those family and friends with
Peyton and whatever happens when a
trustee was Peyton you press the Holy
Name Amen
why did you decide to clear for the
draft we've been having like some family
you know problems and stuff like that
for a while I like you didn't really
know that was going to you come home
it's like you got all these people
living in your house and including me
it's like five people sleeping in one
room sometimes that's a hard thing
that's it like and now I just wanted to
help my family up and provide fun
that was my main reason your son's made
a big decision he's leaving school early
so he can help you out
how does that make you feel he said look
I need to help the fight for my family
you know I kind of like wanted to cry
when I heard him say that but you know
of course I just you know just kind of
like was all I could lose I thought
that's the way he feels do you think he
would have left college early if you had
been in somewhere compensated
no honestly Peyton was featured in our
vice on HBO documentary and of
amateurism covering the debate over
whether college athletes should be
prohibited from profiting officer
athletic ability do you think college
athletes should be paid I think we
should and you know I'll probably go on
a backlash for her a lot of people say
oh I get a full scholarship and a lot of
these kids ruin it but it's like what
about the kids who actually work hard
and go to class and you don't care about
their education but at the same time we
at least for our school we bring in the
majority of the money you know you're
bringing in 480 million to 100 million
dollars a year something like that for
school and it's like I'm not asking for
anything but the same time and kind of
access for change like that's hard yeah
it wasn't like seeing all the ticket
sales seeing them sell all the stuff the
coach is making over a million so much
money being brought into the school and
they'd be paid it's kind of like these
people don't see how the things that we
have to go through and then getting up
5:45 in the morning going to work out
during the season go to class until one
o'clock
and then you get ours you go to practice
you have big booms all day and I mean
your days and really not over until
eight or nine o'clock and then you're
expected to maintain a good GPA you see
it as a job oh definitely
J would be today an unpredicted began
the job top NFL draft picks immediately
signed million-dollar contracts but the
financial security drops significantly
as the draft progresses into the later
rounds experts predicted Peyton would be
drafted in the last four rounds of the
seven round draft Payton and his friends
gathered to celebrate the beginning of
his new career in the NFL good good
through the Sunnah better I want to sell
my money on without the more money okay
like that you should be like every other
deficit right go get this kid a little
done go make it save me money that's the
problem happen hopefully I got a call
from so soon
you
don't maintain the 2016 Royal Republic
promise me I'm signal Sabatini
because applying it a bit during drive
League angel number going I don't know
hello sorry
mine is I don't know Thunder dynasty
footballs football
oh hello going to be all time for
election watch honking honking oh thank
you yes that's all good but it'll do
anybody
everyone asleep pretty much each round
each cake that goes by less money for
him if he eventually gets sick just kind
of like the not knowing the
uncertainties it's public art today so
it's calling got picked up by the
Seahawks not the alcohol instead hello
okay hey are you doing
they're pretty good
I wish apart
people talk about creating really if I'm
gonna get picked up stuff like that we
just watch
remember over the clock into the world
come on bears wonder why one a 10-1
invited me
mom's group only window
which were not right now
we've had about 12 teams that have been
calling and they want in automatically
for creative people yeah so what they're
doing right now is making some offers of
what they offer basically as far as for
him signing that's created right now we
have a small window yeah
so his agent is working with and talking
to a few teams right now Tampa Bay is
bleeding right now so they want you
immediately we have to make a decision
within the next couple minutes so I like
those are those or mean I mean wonder
whether we have the money that you like
don't tell me what it is but it how's it
looking they've all both offer same
thing small February offers more morning
so good well that helps a little bit
it's canceled
laughs you have
Gunja sample undrafted players still had
the opportunity to sign with pro teams
but they have a slimmer chance of making
teams and received far less money
Payton attended training camp with the
Tampa Bay Buccaneers he was cut from the
team just before the season began but in
the days after an injury to a teammate
gave Payton the opportunity to make the
active roster and he's been on the team
ever since money the money's definitely
been helping been helping us out a lot
average lifespan of a running back is
two-and-a-half years or something like
that new guys coming in every day you
know competing for the same spot that
you had this can be here today and be
gone the next
that Sunday Payton scored a 44 yard
touchdown his first in the NFL my mom's
good mom's good uh I got her an
apartment um but uh hopefully in the
season you know if I make enough money
I'd like to get a house after the season
Peyton's mom Texas Payton is a true man
of his word he bought us a house
