President Trump
signed his energy independence executive
order today it clear cuts through a
swath of environmental regulations
including President Obama's clean power
plan which rewarded states that invested
in renewable energies like wind power
with today's executive action I am taken
historic steps to lift the restrictions
on American energy to reverse government
intrusion and to cancel job-killing
regulations but the state that wagered
the most on wind turbines wasn't
California or Vermont
it was Iowa and that bet has paid off in
the form of a powerful local industry
that won't take kindly to Trump's
threats against it newton iowa is a
small town of 15,000 people located
about 30 miles east of Des Moines in
2007 the wind blade manufacturer TPI
composites set up shop in Newton
bringing 500 new jobs along with it did
you always expect that you'd end up
working in a place that makes blades for
wind turbines
nope didn't really even know it was a
thing and you know till about nine years
ago when I started my dad worked at
Maytag for 26 years and he raised his
family with that company and now I feel
like I'm raising my family with this
company starting in the early 1900s
Newton was home to the Maytag washing
machine company which employed around
3,000 people in payday but Maytag movies
factory to Mexico in 2007 causing many
in Newton to lose their livelihoods and
along with it a sense of what the town's
future held
Newton's story isn't an isolated case
either throughout the American heartland
when jobs are on the rise according to
the Bureau of Labor Statistics wind
turbine technician is the fastest
growing job in the US and most of those
jobs are found in agricultural places
like this throughout much of the Midwest
the wind belt runs from Texas up through
the Dakotas and in Iowa strategically is
a great location to develop and
logistically maneuver and distribute
blades to various locations throughout
that big Western window four out of the
top five states are actually located
throughout the Midwest in traditionally
red districts Republican communities
much of this comes in rural areas you
wouldn't expect to see wind bans in
suburban areas or metropolitan areas
because there's other obstructions to
the wind but none of this economic
success paints that have had any impact
on the politics President Trump won Iowa
by 10 percent and yet he railed on the
wind industry on the campaign trail and
I wouldn't exactly say it makes your
farmlands look beautiful you got all
these windmills all over the place going
driving you loco when you look at him
right such rhetoric to make the future
of renewables seem tenuous
but it wasn't always this way chuck
Grassley has represented Iowa in the
Senate for over 30 years and he
remembers when renewable energy wasn't
so politically divisive when this got
started 30 years ago it wasn't
Republican or Democrats we were running
out of fossil fuels right the frame of
mind was that we got to do all we can to
be energy independent so that's where
you dealt with every sort of alternative
energy you can think of and a tax
incentive for some of those taxes sent
he still exists in 1992 Grassley
sponsored the production tax credit
which cut costs for wind energy
companies and gave them the momentum
they needed to install more than 50
thousand turbines across
u.s. the credit is scheduled to be
phased out in 2020 though some are
concerns that the current administration
will attempt to accelerate that timeline
when tax credits for renewables expired
in the past construction of new
installations dropped by up to 93
percent and an industry funded study
projects that if the credit disappears
again 37,000 jobs could be lost
you know you've mentioned President
Trump prior to his election you were
quoted as saying that if he ever
attacked the wind industry he would do
so over your dead body do you still feel
the same way now anybody that wants to
cut short the phase-out of wind energy
which will happen in 2020 let's say they
want to get rambunctious and do it in 20
17 18 or 19 I think we can stop that and
I said it would be over my dead body I
guess it's over my dead body
