Rachel Dolezal used to run the Spokane
Washington chapter of the n-double a-c-p
the legendary civil rights group
chartered to support black Americans the
Dolezal isn't black she just identifies
as black are you african-american
I don't I don't understand the question
are your parents are they white and when
that fact emerged in 2015 she lost her
job and got famous as a national
laughingstock Dolezal has legally
changed her name to an cachi Amari
Diallo but she's using the name that
made her famous to publish her new
memoir in full color
Dexter Thomas went to Spokane to meet
her um I think he's a little too radical
really the King has been so sanitized
yeah some people don't even know that he
has anything else that's radical since
the controversy Rachel Dolezal has been
spending her time at home in Spokane
Washington trying to rebuild her life
now she's hoping to tell her side of the
story through a new book what's the
point of the book would you say I really
wanted to kind of set the record
straight
you know subtle things about that have
been misconstrued about my life and
document my personal journey and how
things fit together for my sons and I
know you're aware of this but there's a
lot of black people who feel like what
you're doing is selfish I mean it's
almost like if you got voted off the
island shouldn't you just go did I get
voted off an island you tell me it's
kind of a manufactured frenzy and
controversy that got stirred up in 2015
right by white media the white parents
the white police you know like those are
the people that instigated that
controversy it's basically you're saying
this is basically black people being mad
at you is a white conspiracy based off
of a white narrative about me yes
in her book Rachel Dolezal puts a lot of
the blame for society's view of her on
her family two years ago she was
preparing to sue her brother Joshua
Dolezal for allegedly molesting her
younger adopted sister according to
criminal charges the victim claimed the
abuse occurred over multiple years and
included forcing her to perform oral sex
on him
but then her parents appeared on TV it's
rachel creating her own reality it was
just completely heartbreaking that that
case actually got shut down because they
went on a whole national media circuit
with CNN and ABC NBC Fox News they did
every major Network and my credibility
was shot so the case got dropped the
case got dropped so basically what
you're saying is your parents save their
oldest white son from being locked up as
a child monster and from their actions a
young black woman suffered I mean that
was like the tragedy that nobody saw the
charges against Joshua Dolezal were
dropped by the prosecutors in 2015 when
reached by Vice news for comment Dolezal
said the lies my sister tells about me
and my family are obscene and that
celebrity is still her goal not social
justice I'm hoping that with the release
of the book and getting my true story
out there I'm able to rebuild enough
credibility to where we can get that
case you know brought back Rachel
Dolezal is also hoping that her memoir
in full color will start a conversation
about how we think about race in America
you know what is whiteness or blackness
or you know what does it mean to fall in
between or and what ways are we who we
are I'm not part of that owning praising
living whiteness it's like that's just
not that's not me well being I mean
being able to distance yourself from
that is is kind of a privilege right be
able to say you know what I don't want
anything to do with the whiteness
distancing yourself from from privileges
privilege when the police show up I
can't say whoa whoa whoa whoa just so
you know I'm not black I'm actually
white they doesn't work that way
part of me wonders I'm like are people
actually saying you have privilege and
you've been privileged or people more
interested in just calling me white
Dolezal says that because of all the
negative press she's been having trouble
getting a job so a lot of her income
comes from a side hustle she's had it
for a long time doing black hair she
says she's one of the few people in
Spokane who can do black hair and she
still has loyal clients
she's also selling her artwork which is
something else she's been doing since
she was young
but recently she's been having trouble
doing that too this is kind of all
pieces of recycled magazine paper right
now I'm pretty broke so I can't afford a
lot of paints she hopes her art can
serve as a medium for people to better
understand her and her identity so the
concept here is saying I care what color
rachel is blue or purple or green I just
care about the work that she did but I
paint like I'm still me in every single
piece Dolezal is launching her book tour
in South Africa she says the climate
there is more receptive to the ideas of
racial fluidity and self-identification
some of the freedom fighters
they're from the mandela era are working
for a non-racial south african society
they're bringing me down there because
they're just like we want to have this
conversation do you think we're ready to
do that here too people just are you
know not ready to progress and evolve
and move forward on the issue of race
and I think part of what's holding that
up is there's still a sense of like a
score needs to be settled you know we
still haven't had reparations we still
haven't had like this healing truth and
reconciliation can have reparations
would you begin to check no I'm not I
don't I don't actually identify as
African American identifies black like
what somebody who moved here from
Nigeria get a check no there's a Pan
African Diaspora so I'm part of the pan
we all go back to Africa we all have a
black mother eventually
