a Syrian refugee has been stuck in
Malaysia's main airport in Kuala Lumpur
for more than a month the Malaysian
government hasn't given Hassan Alcantar
permission to live and work in the
country and the airline's won't let him
get on a plane I'm stuck in here at the
transit zoo they did not allow me to
enter vice news met up with him in the
terminal he's calling home for now up
here no no no this is the tricky part
you yes me I will stevia sold at the
morning I just protect my stuff not
anyone to see it what are the night I
just open this for somebody to see so
that's everything you own
yes that's everything this isn't a
blanket so I just want this here but
it's a home now and every home should
have a door actually this is my daughter
I need to be sure that it's closed yep
everything is cool Hasan left his home
in south of Damascus five years before
the Civil War started he moved to the
Gulf looking for work opportunities the
first time I traveled from Syria was
2006 and until 2011 life was very good
that was in the UAE and I was also a
changing my job forgetting the better
officer charged three times what were
you working on
manager in January 2012 my passport
expire so my company could not renew my
residence my work visa I got fired so
from that world my tragedy started he
was eventually thrown out of the UAE in
2017 and ended up in Malaysia it's one
of the few countries that let Syrians
enter without a visa but since he wasn't
allowed to work there he tried to leave
he says Turkish Airlines refused to let
him board a flight to Ecuador and
Cambodia deported him back to Malaysia
and at this point he's overstayed the
maximum 90 days he could be in Malaysia
that means he can't go beyond the
transit zone Hassan says returning to
Syria is not an option he fears he'll be
arrested because he didn't complete his
military service as required by Assad's
regime no one wants him and I am not
that bad it hurts me
my hands wash my face but I don't have a
towel this is not challenge but I asked
for a towel some people are giving it to
me by tomorrow afternoon but again after
two days it will be a belongings how to
clean that about how to dry it
so this is easier for now her son
remains in limbo
he says Malaysian government's officials
came to the airport on Tuesday to
discuss offering him a visa to stay as a
Syrian refugee but he's rejected it
because it won't allow him full rights
to work airlines still won't let him
board and his temporary Syrian passport
is about to expire refugee aid agencies
in Malaysia Canada and the United States
have been in such to help him and the
United Nations refugee agency the UNHCR
told vice news are talking to the
Malaysian governments to try and find a
solution
there must be frustration absolute
frustration that there are all these
countries in the world and you can't
find a place to be
when I was a kid I asked my father to
bring me artlessly
and I was trying to memorize it now it
keep coming to me the photos of that
Atlas that all these countries was I was
looking at no one accepting what you
know as son has tried to keep his
predicaments from his mother when they
speak and has asked his brother and
sister not to let us see the videos he's
posting on social media this is me just
counting this I'm trying to have a
solution but I'm a Syrian thank you
Hassan's aware there is precedent here
plenty of people have made the obvious
comparison to that Tom Hanks film in
2004 we headed for home
I am delayeth long time her son's been
tweeting Hanks directly and started his
own hashtag about his real life draw
I rewatched the movie yesterday of
ammonia thoughts on the daily basis a
lot of same things but he was having
problems at the Georgia I have no but
that's ok it's the real show
you
