last year the Department of Defense came
under intense criticism for demanding
that nearly 10,000 California National
Guard soldiers returned their enlistment
bonuses which the Pentagon said it had
paid by accident now a vice news
investigation has uncovered a separate
accounting debacle the Department of
Veterans Affairs says it gave tens of
thousands of vets too much money in
benefits and it's demanding that they
pay up Josh Hirsch explains in June of
last year
tad Steckler got a letter in the mail it
told him he owed the VA more than ten
thousand dollars he'd been overpaid in
benefits it said but it didn't tell him
when or how two months later he got
another letter that told him his debt
had actually been miscalculated and now
he owed the agency $21,000 the next
month his entire disability check
because withheld it turns out Steckler
wasn't alone the VA sent more than a
hundred and eighty six thousand of these
letters last year telling veterans that
they owed money to the government
the number of these letters sent out by
the agency each year has nearly tripled
since 2013
but these debts don't make sense to some
veterans who argue that the VA hasn't
provided them with enough information to
determine whether they were actually
overpaid or if the VA created the debt
in error they also say the VA is
processed for appealing these debts is a
bureaucratic mess and that has been
virtually impossible to get answers
before the VA starts withholding funds I
served 22 years in the US Army as a
combat engineer specializing exposed to
demolition when I got the first letter I
was honestly in shock I thought it was
just one big mistake once we got
notified of the death every single
officer or individual we have spoken to
has yet to give us a full accountability
of who what why wouldn't where a couple
years ago the VA took a lot of heat for
their backlog and processing claims
now they say their efforts to reduce
that backlog is one of the reasons
they've suddenly turned up so many
overpayments in processing the claims it
took another look at the data and
noticed discrepancies essentially in
trying to solve the problem of a backlog
the VA created a new one the VA wouldn't
tell us how much the average veteran
currently owes for example but they did
tell us there's no limit to how much
they can ask a vet to repay and no limit
on how far they're willing to go back to
collect an overpayment from a veteran
