much is known about Adolf Hitler he was
vegetarian partial to the toothbrush
mustache and a failed artist but as the
new bestseller blitzed reports an
incredible detail
Hitler is also a hardcore closeted
junkie ingesting mass amounts of
narcotics for much of World War two as
was most of the Third Reich how do you
know that Hitler was on drugs in Germany
we keep a record of everything and I was
fortunate enough to find the records the
notes of T Omaha was the personal
physician of Hitler is there a certain
aspect of it that's like a Rorschach
test like it requires like what does it
say about you that you looked at that
evidence you're like oh it's totally
drugs as a novelist and as someone being
hardly socialized in Berlin in the 90s
drugs certainly are not as alien to me
in my field of work or life or research
as they might be for a tweed wearing
historian in a small German or British
town so maybe it had to be in
out-of-the-box person to to go that - -
to approach it that way
dr. Morel was a well-paid celebrity
doctor of the 30s who was a pioneer in
treating people with vitamins he was a
sort of man who when the war started
designed himself a fantasy uniform with
a lavish SS belt buckle that the SS
forced him to remove it was an important
part of the fuel accounts to portray
Hitler as a teetotaler who wouldn't even
drink coffee
who wouldn't smoke to the cigarette no
alcohol no meat the problem started in
1941 in August when Hitler for the first
time became sick and morale gives him a
hormone injection and gives him an
opiate for the first time 43 when he
gets an opiate called a kadhai which is
very strong stronger than heroin with a
very strong euphoric making effect we
oh no oh qoodles oxycodone which Hitler
was mainlining but the Fuhrer wasn't the
only one who was high during the war
there's a lot to be found on the meth
abuse by the German army methamphetamine
reduces your need to sleep and also
reduces your fear this actually happened
before the attack on France for the
campaign in the West 35 million dosages
of methamphetamine were being shipped to
the tank troops the West was sure that
any army in the world is just what human
nature is has to rest at night which the
Germans just didn't do the meth that was
so successful in early campaigns would
eventually fail them later and in 1944
when the Brits bombed the factories that
made the drugs Hitler and his doctor
found themselves at odds so we all know
what happened to Hitler but what
actually happened to Hitler's dr. marell
at one point writes in 45 that he's
sending two of his aides on motorcycles
through bombed out Berlin in order to
find pharmacies that still had drugs in
vain when he cannot even give Hitler a
strong drug on Hitler's birthday April
20th 1945 Hitler fires in a few days
later but does painting Hitler and his
cronies as drug addicts humanize the
Nazis it's very important to realize
that the politics the planning has
nothing to do with drugs drugs were used
later on in the war effort but what
drugs lessen the responsibility and my
conclusion is known
