looking good is Jane from the singing
about perfect 10 I saw this imagine that
Jane Fonda is his perfect 10 in her
current incarnation which would be
really cool I realized when it comes to
girls that chemistry means way more than
Anatomy
wow this is a lot of Ryan right up top
alchemy chemistry Anatomy
oh he's repeating just repeating the
first part out sometimes I think like
when people completely repeat a whole
thing it's like showing your cards
because you're sort of saying like
listen I think this is pretty great
I'm going to repeat it just so you know
Windy City is it Chicago Chicago
kidnapped this woman's boyfriend I guess
you gotta you got to look into that
rules at all getting the fun has a good
grip I don't know I just said on a no it
is
yeah it's on there after this I'll be
buying this on their album the Fifty
Shades darkest on track and Ed Sheeran
the Fergie album god I guess I I never
have to buy another indie Punk record
again I'm cured
I'm totally cured got it all
