by the end of the century unchecked
climate change is expected to cost 5
trillion dollars in property damage in
the US alone and tens of trillions more
around the world governments will face
enormous expenses but several individual
homeowners and if their homes are going
to be destroyed by climate change should
they be able to sue polluters
responsible for the damage before it
happened
Sallu louia lives in what as a prevent
city of just over a hundred thousand
people located in the Andes Mountains he
works as a mountain guide lives with his
family in the Hills nearby but he also
inherited a house in town that he's
trying to fix up I've noticed that
there's a lot of construction going on
here why are you changing up this house
what are you trying to do la
construction interior air daddy Adobe
horas esta camión de se puede a
confession de concrete o por el tema de
que es más seguro contra todo para Mo's
contra todo I was worried about a flood
from a nearby glacial lake so she's
doing one of the largest greenhouse gas
emitters in the world for a climate
change really a disaster that hasn't
happened yet
yomo pupil keba pasado cuando ella
luteum DNA destroy say foul isn't just
being paranoid Juarez has been flooded
before in 1941 the same glacial lake
broke free of its embankment and killed
an estimated 5,000 people
según la locura hecho un estudio
scientifico de la merced de texas real
alluvium core area wrecker area el mismo
camino que lo hizo la gente you know
e-juices esta la lo these changes have
been linked to climate change which is
happening in part because of major
greenhouse gas emitters like the company
he's suing rwe RWE is a german energy
company that according to a 2014 report
is responsible for roughly point 5
percent of all greenhouse gases ever
emitted so 2015 cell will sued them
demanding that they pay for 0.5%
the cost required to build
infrastructure that will protect his
town and home from the major flood which
comes out through around $20,000 why is
this case happening in Germany with a
German company as opposed to somewhere
in South America or Peru with the
Peruvian company well in Peru there is
no such huge emitter we could have gone
to a colleague of mine in the US or in
Oman to try and take a similar case
against the company there but he didn't
rota there haein is a Hamburg based
lawyer who cell was introduced to by a
German environmental group he met while
working as a mountain guide she decided
to take upsells' case in German courts
this Lake is now changing very much due
to climate change and he's now asking
rwe simply helped him make that Lake
safe so that a flood does not occur so
that he can safely live in his house
with his neighbours with his family
holding a major corporation accountable
for the global side of Texas their
business isn't easy however there is no
law prohibiting greenhouse gas emissions
but the provision that I'm using in our
role is basically a nuisance type of
emission it says yes what you do might
be legal but actually what you're
causing me here is unbearable so you've
got a stock or you've got to remedy the
problem is it possible to link RWE to
the glacier in Peru and what's going on
with that Lake it's not as if a molecule
of co2 kind of wanders over to the
Peruvian Andes but what you can do
definitely is you can say this amount of
emissions you've caused they travel to
the atmosphere thereby increasing the
greenhouse gas effect and that you can
link to the local impact and thus to the
glacial melting what are you hoping to
accomplish with this case I'm hoping to
get a statement out of quote that says
in instances like that where a multitude
of emitters actually calls a problem
each of them will be responsible for its
sphere what rota and so we'll are hoping
to do is create a legal pathway that
forces companies to pay for preventive
measures people take to protect
themselves and their property from the
effects of climate change we reached out
to our weg
for comment and they told us that mr.
Lewis claims against us have no judicial
basis according to law there is no
liability of individual emission sources
regarding global phenomena like climate
change
therefore it judicially is impossible to
relate specific and local matters to an
individual emission source if you
compare this kind of case with the case
of taken into faster or even sabbatical
and you look at how many cases it took
around the world to actually grasp the
problem and to actually get there it
took hundreds of cases and even if I
lose this one it will not be the last
in December cells case was dismissed by
the local court in Essen the town where
our debris is located he has already
appealed the decision y alguien esta
pasando su casa barukh Lamar's
simplemente Tomas estamos haciendo algo
que el frente todo para persona normal
natural area non nosotras cosa
