since the dawn of the nuclear age of
1940s global stability is rested on a
certain set of assumptions most of the
world's nuclear capability was split
between the US and Russia and the
umbrella of American protection meant
that its allies didn't have to develop
nukes of their own that appears to be
changing president Trump has famously
been less hawkish about standing up to
Russia now the European Union is
reportedly considering a nuclear
deterrent of its own and sharing
France's weapons between member
countries the situation in Asia is even
more unsettled North Korea's fanatically
pursuing its own arsenal of nuclear
tipped ballistic missiles on Monday it
tests launched four of the rockets into
the ocean just 200 miles shy of Japan
and the American president has
unconventional ideas about how Japan
should prepare North Korea has notes
Japan is a problem with that I mean they
have a big problem with it maybe they
would in fact be better off if they
defend themselves from North Korea maybe
with it would be better including with
new PS all this has experts worried
about an era of renewed nuclear threat
from jittery States and rogue actors who
might seize on the instability
among those sounding the alarm is
William Perry who served as Secretary of
Defense under President Clinton
bill Perry has spent most of his life
watching the world prepare for nuclear
war and he thinks we aren't nearly as
scared as we should be
I think the professionals if you have a
pretty good understanding and the impact
of the use of nuclear weapons but the
general public to me does not and many
of our leaders streamline Perry's 89
years old he lectures at Stanford
launched an online seminar last year and
travels the world two or three months a
year to talk about how close we've come
to catastrophe and how close we still
are he often talks about his nightmare
scenario where a small amount of
enriched uranium ends up in the hands of
a terrorist group if they had maybe 42
grams they could make an improvised new
bomb but what would be the consequences
the consequences are 15 killing time
Rome will be Hiroshima and beside the
80,000 100,000 casualties the social
political and the economic consequences
are just really hard to believe how
realistic is this no isn't this just
some sci-fi fantasy fear I think of all
of the nuclear catastrophe that could
happen this is the most probable I think
I would say is probably even chance
because what happens sometime in the
next 10 years an even chance even chance
sometimes the next 10 years
you may desperately want to dismiss
Perry as an alarmist but he's a renowned
expert often called upon by world
leaders I met him in Mexico City where
he was attending the celebration of a
50-year old nuclear ban treaty and
running a closed-door planning meeting
for top nuclear proliferation experts
from around the world known as the group
of eminent persons they made us turn off
the camera the truth is the chance of a
nuclear war is not what it once was
in the late 80s there were 70,000 nukes
around the world today there are only
about 15,000 but Perry's not comforted
by better odds we have the possibility
of a regional nuclear war between text
and India's example even if they use
only half of the nuclear arsenal those
bombs would put enough smoking here in
the best in the year that weapon fell in
the stratosphere and distribute itself
around the planet would block the Rays
of the Sun for years to come we knew
we'd die from that alone that's a Horus
excision to keep you up at night one it
really keeps me up at night is the one
which is not as probable and that is
that somehow Russia and United States
blunder into a nuclear war an all-out
general nuclear war between the United
States and Russia would mean no less
than the end of civilization that's not
being dramatic I'm paying hyperbolic
that's just what would happen today
Russia and the US have 90 percent of the
world's remaining nukes many of them old
and prone to error and false alarm and
they're in the hands of leaders who
parry sees as having cavalier attitudes
about their potential other things you
see with President Trump that concern
you yes I think unlike President Obama
he doesn't have any clear understanding
what the nuclear issues are and what the
nuclear dangers are exactly I think he
demonstrated an impulsive temperament
the first been insolvable we can learn
more if he cares to do it
the temperament issue I'm afraid is is
just there and that's why at the age of
almost 90 years here in Mexico City and
not on a golf course
exactly right what one person can only
do so much and I think I do more than
most
you can scare us better than I can scare
you you deserve to be scared
