huge surprise happened last night
academy awards that you're probably
still talking about suicide squad won an
Oscar for the first room full of
schadenfreude of the night came on the
red carpet from the editor of People
magazine would clearly just finished
reciting don't stay hidden senses
repeatedly in a dressing room mirror
these extraordinary movies like hidden
senses and moving lies are even features
but not everyone with tuning in
mike huckabee publicly announce to the
world he would be busy having a
colonoscopy and president Trump was our
hosting the governor's ball though he
was gracious enough to leave an early
review of the new york times that
running that evening Hollywood seems
heard the TV watcher in chief for them
glued to a pageant honoring the
beautiful popular people who universally
despised him after making fun of a poor
president throughout the show host jimmy
kimmel finally just tweeted at him jump
in reply but remember that it's
impossible to get his attention on
Twitter unless you're a retailer has
dropped his daughters clothing line
the ceremony's produces sure they
learned since last year's Oscars so
white controversy by training the
cameras almost exclusively on one man
who's your favorite actor that man right
there
one of the first people who da man act
was in the Washington and I just know
nice the first time
thank you I mean four hours into the
ceremony we were finally added Senate
the award for best picture two films
with the frontrunners moon-like
single-handedly representing the
collective hopes of every
under-represented person of color in
sexuality both loud I'll and a movie
that Hollywood in Hollywood star in
Hollywood people so when i land was
announced the winner everyone resigned
themselves to the status quo of the
Academy for about a minute this is not a
joke
moonlight has won best picture
moonlight that picture as a dust
continue to settle website had to throw
out their freakin hot takes well Warren
Beatty courageously came back to ensure
the whole world the whole thing was not
his fault i open the envelope and it
said Emma Stone lala land
that's why I took such a long look at
say and add you I wasn't trying to be
funny
linux that made the internet question
everything like he was dead and who was
alive
turns out producer john chapman whose
photo was used in the obituary montage
is very much alive following the mixup
with the process that the only way it
knows how with exhausting metaphors of
politics but comparing the race the best
picture to the election is a little
problematic because of Hillary's
campaign with Lyle and whose Donald
Trump
