London just concluded its fashion week
and again the proceedings were upstaged
by Daniel Lismore Lismore is a 32 year
old designer who transforms himself with
a different self-made outfit every day
he took us along as he showed off his
maximalist aesthetic on London's streets
and after party circuit thank you I feel
like I know everybody I'm not a
performer but my lives are performance
so you know people may say I'm a
performance artist but I don't agree
because I'm not putting on a show for
them I'm putting on a show for myself
okay hi fellas
when people see me on the street I don't
really want them to think anything
hopefully one day it'll be the norm to
go as extreme as possible and be
accepted all around the world to create
art is a human instinct that barrenly I
spent two hours last night making these
at home just spontaneously I look in the
mirror and think how do I feel right now
and I kind of put the basics on
underneath my gloves a hijab a candor
and then start mixing it up usually I go
just by am color text to a safe and just
go with the feel of it
more is more
every time I walk into a room it either
glows or something happens in that and
my life isn't boring think I am I think
you're quite fabulous the greatest minds
in the world of fashion usually stem
from London I really want
we're here to celebrate the iconic
Legion Derry underdressed
Daniel is in the fashion world I'm
really not sure how I'm perceived and I
don't really care I just hoped that
people would take away the idea that
they could live their lives the way they
really want to to the shop since we're
platitudes you know a dress is like a
Hollywood agent they look at me and they
go that person really does exist then
you know why can't you exist the way you
want to exist
