I really am NOT a fan of that like
remember when music was good when it was
just old time rock and roll fun by white
guys I don't know
and he's covering it Michael Bolton oh I
mean that's just like that's white on
white that's rice and yogurt Oh Dirty
Projectors I loved a long force so much
his orchestrations are great his
instrumentation his beautiful voice yeah
I think use a genius oh it smells so
good the sandalwood how do you feel
about sandalwood as a fragrance no well
it just remind it's like so much like a
dad or like an uncle or like you're
you're babysitting and then the parents
get home and the dad drives you home and
you're just like sitting awkwardly in a
car while someone smells of sandalwood
when you're just like thank you mr.
Smith yes thanks for driving me home
that kind of like driving music it has
like a motivating quality like it's
always sounds kind of uplifting you just
get on that kick drum and keep going
