in the days after the Trump
administration imposed a temporary ban
on Syrian refugees coming to America the
Prime Minister of Canada announced that
his country would be happy to take them
in but Canadian generosity is more than
a government initiative in the City of
Guelph Ontario one man is going to
extraordinary lengths to help people
resettle mourning Abdul arya morning
feta or in rows one morning Sima how are
you excellent tamari methyl is the CEO
of Danby an Ontario based company that
makes refrigerators and other home
appliances it did four hundred million
dollars in sales last year there are a
hundred and fifty people who work at
danby's warehouse in Guelph and 16 of
them are Syrian refugees
Estill has put aside one and a half
million dollars to sponsor 58 Syrian
families he covers their rent food and
living expenses for a year that they
settle into their new life and if they
need a job he offers them want to stand
the taste Arts at $12 an hour will you
tell me how this whole program got
started one of my managers I always say
is do the right thing and that's
actually a good way to run a business
so I tell all my my staff at Danby do
the right thing how you treat your
co-workers well you treat them well you
do the right thing how do you treat your
customers do the right thing I still the
numbers guy he wakes up every morning at
6:00 a.m. and carries out a series of
rituals throughout the day tracking his
steps on a wrist monitor pre-work
push-ups so when he saw the refugee
crisis unfolding in the Middle East last
year he applied the same kind of
methodical precision to that problem we
can't really go and say you know we do
the right thing and all this things
happening across the road and we're just
not going to do anything I didn't
actually think was a big deal while his
population 120,000 to bring in 50
families maybe 250 300 people
that's very absorbable
it was a logic based approach to a
problem that has recently been
characterized by ugliness and fear
America is closing its doors out of
worries of terrorism Europe is
struggling under the weight of a refugee
influx for now
Canada is holding firm it's letting in
25,000 refugees this year okay so I'd
like to get this started first part of
the the presentation next meetings
February after estill took in his first
refugee last January he goes through
stacks of emailed pleas to choose who to
invite and then after a government
security check helps organize English
classes and a welcoming committee
it's one of hundreds of Canadians who
have volunteered to privately sponsor
Syria it's a system that places a lot of
burden and a lot of power with the
volunteer host but is there an incentive
for you to take people who could
actually benefit you in the business and
then to sort of cast aside people who
wouldn't be able to work or wouldn't be
interested in working oh yes there is an
incentive to bring in people that are
whatever I want to bring in but the key
is a free country you don't have to work
here and you're not indentured when you
come in off madaba has been at danby
since november so tell me when did you
leave home 1:40 2014 what did you do for
work before you before the war although
I have a small foreclose lick and
clothes for how many years were you
doing that I mean like 25 years 25 years
yeah what happened to the factory do you
know what I think it's wrong it's gone I
mean my house my proper house also the
family I mean the area there all the
areas good doctor yeah
so I discussed do you imagine going back
there ever
I don't think I don't think so what did
you think when you met Jim the first
time
I don't believe this guy
and she builded even I don't know my
life but the great man ruler drives
often asked me do you get pushback from
people for doing like I do get some
pushback from people doing it yes in
whatever way well the most obvious is
there is some xenophobic people who
think I'm bringing in terrorists and so
I get a little bit of that I don't get
as much of that in Canada as I do from
the Americans are you worried that if
there were a terrorist attack this would
become harder to do of course I worry
about that I worry about that but the
people that we're helping are the people
to fear the same terrorists that we fear
because you think it would make the
program harder to do or they make the
program harder to do and it would make
it would make more people turn against
the program that's the that is the
concern but it's not if people think
rationally about
