tonight Paul Ryan Unchained preparing
for Zuckerberg and I love this amount of
gold in the morning
Algerian officials have launched an
investigation and declared three days of
national mourning after the country's
deadliest air disaster more than 250
people were killed today when a military
plane crashed into a field west of the
capital the plane was taking off from an
airbase and the government says most of
the passengers were military personnel
and their families Lena I need to that
motuhake my annamund commercial schedule
Bellavia a novena carry diyannika rita
at the United Nations Security Council
today the Russian ambassador as the u.s.
not to attack Syria
Roza khutor vicious Qatari suggests
pretty much the same city does minister
spoke with this morning President Trump
tweeted a warning that US air strikes on
Syria quote will be coming in
retaliation for a suspected chemical
attack on the town of Duma the World
Health Organization is now demanding
access to Duma where it believes 500
people may have been affected and more
than 70 people killed President Trump
has ramped up his attacks on special
council robert muller after an FBI raid
on Trump's personal lawyer's office now
Republican senators Thom Tillis and
Lindsey Graham are working together with
Democratic senators Chris Coons and Cory
Booker to propose the special council
independence and integrity act under the
bill only a senior official at the
Justice Department could authorize the
firing of the special counsel and only
after providing the justification and
right in the bill would also let a fired
special counsel ask a judge to review
and potentially reverse the termination
former Speaker of the House John Boehner
is joining the board of acreage holdings
one of the country's major cannabis
companies while in office boehner
opposed legalizing marijuana but in a
statement posted on Twitter this morning
he said his thinking on cannabis has
evolved and that he'll now be pushing
for D scheduling the drug to expand
access to weed for veterans and people
struggling with opioid addiction a
proposal that now stands to make Boehner
a lot of money the ex speaker will be
joined at acreage by bill well the
former Republican governor of
Massachusetts
the hottest trend for Republicans in
Congress these days is leaving Congress
and today the trend guides first real
celebrity endorsement the job provides
incredible opportunities but the truth
is it's easy for it to take over
everything in your life that's why today
I'm announcing that this year will be my
last one as a member of the House House
Speaker Paul Ryan the leader of the
House GOP is quitting after little less
than three years in the top job Ryan
made his name as a fiscal hawk
for too long Washington has not been
honest with the American people we've
been making empty promises from a
government that is going broke his
biggest achievement is a tax cut bill he
got through at the end of last year but
that bill is helping to drive deficits
the Congressional Budget Office says
we'll reach a trillion dollars by 2020
that'll be the next speakers problem to
solve the cool kids in the Republicans
leaving Congress club use their
retirements as a chance to become truth
tellers you see these guys and they're
all guys on TV all the time people want
to remember the Republican Party has the
decent party and and it is not right now
if you've done nothing wrong you should
want the investigation to be as fulsome
and thorough as possible you would think
he would aspire to be the president
United States and act like a speaker
Ryan has had plenty of his own
frustrations the House GOP caucus is a
difficult group to corral and President
Trump has been a messaging nightmare
pretty much every day of the presidency
just about every week since Trump was
inaugurated there have been stories
about Ryan privately getting annoyed at
a presidential tweet or subtly
complaining about the whole situation at
a press conference so you have my this
morning's tweet yeah I just sought a
little bit ago obviously I don't see
that as an appropriate comment I think
look what we're trying to do around here
is improve the tone and the civility of
the debates and this obviously doesn't
help do that as speaker Ryan is third in
line to the presidency and the face of
the major
so he's got the goods and the megaphone
can be the biggest loudest truth teller
in the GOP especially now is enough to
worry about being elected or keeping
Trump happy I asked Michael Steele
former top aide to Ryan when he ran for
vice president but whether it's
realistic to expect the speaker will cut
loose corker flake Goudy all these guys
are leaving Congress right if you put
them all on a bus the bus would have the
no given to movement on the side
of it is Paul Ryan gonna join that bus
no I don't think so I think that he's
gonna do everything he can to help the
House Republican team do as well as
possible in the midterms in 2018 and he
knows that the best way he can help them
is by staying on the team doing all the
things necessary to make sure that there
isn't a blue wave in November what can
we expect Congress to do under Ryan's
leadership for the next few months well
I don't think the dynamics change very
much on that I think that you always
have to be ready for big emergencies you
always have to be ready for disasters
and there's going to continue to be
pressure to get things done on
infrastructure and on immigration Paul
Ryan knows a lot about Congress I know
it's a lot about Washington but it
sounds like we're not gonna know what he
actually thinks for quite a while if any
sort of Ryan Yolo thing were to happen
and I don't think it will I think he's
been pretty straightforward throughout
this process but I wouldn't see that
until after he leaves the house a new
leadership the new leadership is elected
and we're moving on to the next thing
Mark Zuckerberg was on the hill for his
second straight day of questioning this
time before members of the House Energy
and Commerce Committee vice news went
behind the scenes with the committee's
chairman representative Greg Walden as
he got ready for the big event
well no but we prepared a briefing book
for you which includes everything from
the memo to recent articles and all the
other part materials you need for the
hearing what does this day before before
the hearing look like it actually starts
before that weeks before when an issue
evolves and then we reach out to get a
witness in this case it's Mark
Zuckerberg and then we begin working
about what what are the issues we need
to delve into what are the public policy
concerns what are the unanswered
questions we want answers to so what do
you think our strongest line of
questioning I think your strongest line
of questioning and your first question
should ask mr. Zuckerberg why users in
the American public should trust that
they can make these changes and actually
effectuate them do you trust him to be
upfront with you guys tomorrow I think
the question he asked the answer is has
does he have a way to earn back the
trust of the people who use his platform
so you don't trust him in this way I
work you know I I trust people along the
way but he's got to prove to his
consumers to the people that use his
platform can hearing back their trust
this is what I saw this morning that's
on my facebook profile so that means
that they took my public profile my page
likes my birthday and the current city
that I had never agreed to share those
big well so that's the the open question
at one point I did have the platform
access turned off but then I do know
that I had it turned on at one point I'm
pretty sure it was one my mom wanted to
play words with friends I prefer to have
the marketplace the exact punishment if
you will and in the Internet community
nothing moves faster than Internet users
in terms of disciplining a marketplace
good
if if I can get everybody's attention
we'll get started before major hearings
we always get together with our members
and kind of walk through the run of
schedule what to anticipate what the
purpose of the hearing is what we're
trying to get from it the country is
watching and I think the country is
really desperate for some answers here I
do think that if we need to be careful
that no one grandstands here we also
want to make sure that we keep in mind
these have been some great companies
they left a lot on the table the
senators that were questioning him today
for you guys to tackle this is where the
staff has been watching they will
evaluate look at what hasn't been asked
get clarification on issues they felt
weren't fully addressed and be ready
tomorrow
hearings like this cause entities and
corporations to sit up realize they have
a serious matter before them and I've
seen it time and again where they want
to clean up their act they want to get
ahead of it they don't they don't
benefit from getting punished by
Congress did it ever cross your mind
that you should be communicating more
clearly with users about how Facebook is
monetizing their data I understand that
Facebook does not sell user data per se
in the traditional sense but it's also
just as true that Facebook's user data
is probably the most valuable thing
about Facebook I can't be clearer on
this topic we don't sell data that's not
how advertising works and I do think we
could probably be doing a clearer job
explaining that given the misperceptions
that are out there can you manage the
issues that are before you or does this
Congress need to intercede I'm gonna
leave that because I'm out I'm over my
time they got a problem on their hands
we have to be understanding I think of
the challenge they face they need to
understand the obligation they have to
the consumers is having this platform
and profiting handsomely from it today
is the 50th anniversary of the Fair
Housing Act the last major piece of
legislation passed during the civil
rights era the law promised not only to
outlaw housing discrimination but to use
the federal government's power to
actively promote fair housing but five
decades later residential segregation
persists especially for black Americans
so why did the Fair Housing Act failed
to do what it was designed to do in part
it's because of how segregation took
hold take a look at Baltimore which is a
microcosm of the problem like most
cities Baltimore today has a largely
black urban center and mostly white
suburbs but Baltimore wasn't always so
divided segregation really took root in
the 1930s when the federal government
concocted a plan to create the suburbs
as a way to help working-class families
the government subsidized home building
and it insured mortgages which made them
much cheaper both black and white
Americans could have benefited from
these programs but government maps drew
red lines around black neighborhoods to
mark them as too risky to insure by 1949
when one-third of all home construction
was government assisted 98% of all
insured loans had gone to white people
that meant black people were mostly
stuck in densely populated urban
neighborhoods while the government was
helping whites settle in the suburbs in
the 1960s the civil rights movement in
the north said about breaking down the
barriers to fair housing and in the wake
of Martin Luther King's assassination
Congress finally passed the Fair Housing
Act but it turned out you couldn't
desegregate housing with the stroke of a
pen if we abolish segregation on buses
the next day people can ride anywhere
they want on a bus but we abolish
segregation in neighborhoods the next
day things don't look much different to
pass a law that says in effect okay
African Americans you are now permitted
to go to these suburbs was ineffective
because the suburbs were now
unaffordable even today just 40 percent
of black people live in the suburbs one
tool that's supposed to make it easier
for people to live where they want is
the Housing Choice vouchers program
otherwise known as section 8 the program
offers rental subsidies to approximately
2.2 million low-income families
but it can be difficult to transfer a
voucher issued by the city to a suburban
County and in most places landlords
don't have to accept them
so black voucher holders typically end
up in minority neighborhoods in
Baltimore the vouchers are used in
what's been called the black butterfly
Baltimore though has come up with a fair
housing program that actually works 16
years ago in response to a lawsuit the
city created a new kind of voucher known
as the Thompson voucher it could only be
used in integrated neighborhoods that
didn't have many poor people the program
also offered counseling transportation
and security deposit assistance and
significantly higher subsidies it was a
huge success
recipients moved from areas that were
80% black and 33% poor to areas that
were 21 percent black and 8% poor but
with just 4300 vouchers the program only
reaches a small fraction of Baltimoreans
and in most of the country nothing like
the baltimore program exists at all we
have the evidence that these kinds of
programs can move the needle for parents
and kids and so we should act on that
knowledge I just think the big question
here is can we find the resources to
improve the existing voucher program
don't count on the federal government to
help though Trump's housing secretary
ben Carson has already scaled back
efforts to fight discrimination this
January instead of implementing an Obama
error rule that required cities to
actively desegregate Carson postponed it
effectively killing any chance that it
would make a difference
five ranges all in their 20s were
ambushed and killed on Monday a Virunga
National Park in the Democratic Republic
of Congo the ruger is home to about a
quarter of the world's critically
endangered mountain gorillas Park
authorities blamed the murders on the
mai-mai
a violent militia that's been operating
in the DRC since the mid 90s guarding
the park is a dangerous job over the
past 20 years
175 Rangers have been killed Monday's
attack was the deadliest year we met
some of Rhonda's Rangers last year there
is some people who are cutting trees
some means that they're cutting trees
for just making choco it's a lucrative
business the charcoal gets sold to the
four million people who live around the
park and you know if the poachers are
targeting Rangers because they're
stopping the char culture yes recently
Rangers have been attacked yes recently
who have been attacked he during the
battle because we was fighting against a
choco but the pillaging of Barranca is
just one symptom of the violence that
plagues the DRC the government is locked
in a constant struggle with an array of
militant groups in the country's East in
the last year alone the problem has
gotten worse 32 new armed groups have
sprung up bringing the total to 127
so far five million people have been
forced from their homes and more than 13
million people are in desperate need of
humanitarian aid according to the
Norwegian Refugee Council recently
militant attacks have gotten so bad in
North Kivu where the Virunga park is
that the DRC's army stepped up
operations against the rebels and the
murders earlier this week showed that
even for the people working to save the
country's endangered wildlife
there's no refuge from the violence in
Keith Barron found the largest gold
deposit in Ecuador's history in sold his
stake for almost 200 million dollars now
he's back and he's looking for more
on paper chief Aaron is the CEO of a
publicly-traded company called Aranya in
reality he's an actual gold digger
barons team of explorers is here in the
middle of the Amazon because he spent a
decade studying old Spanish maps and
documents which reference to lost cities
in the jungle of Ecuador lugar Daniel
and Sevilla the auto where the
conquistadors mined gold in the 16th
century and Baron thinks the area could
still be home to massive gold deposits
unfortunately it's not x marks the spot
and it's not super accurate so we still
have to do the exploration to find the
places the team spends up to three weeks
at a time in the jungle splitting open
rocks and gathering samples they're not
expecting to find gold sitting on the
surface they're looking for geological
clues that indicate there could be huge
amounts of gold underground
this is what we call elephant country
it's never been explored before so there
is a chance to go and find an elephant
size deposit how much money would that
be oh-ho way way in the billions Ecuador
has a tortured history with foreign
companies looking for riches in the
Amazon in the 70s and 80s oil drilling
in the jungle led to water pollution
soil contamination and deforestation it
culminated in a multi-billion dollar
lawsuit against Chevron which has been
bouncing around international courts for
more than two decades
so Ecuador is being a lot more cautious
this time around after barons last
discovery in 2006 the country banned all
exploration for nearly a decade while
created a formal system for collecting
royalties and enforcing regulations does
Impreza's angle Ecuador por la ley de
mine area tienen algunas condiciones que
somos bastante strict OHS frente es o
logn top or siento del personal tiene
que ser contratado in a liquid or yadaim
s pour normative ambiental nuestra por
ejemplo el agua tiene que ser de vuelta
su casa en el mismo estado que se
encontró cero por ciento way de a ver
contamination Ecuador has licensed land
concessions to 27 foreign companies
including barons he pays about two
million dollars a year for the exclusive
right to explore an area more than twice
the size of New York City in return the
country gets 50% of whatever he earns
negocio mineral meseta mucho dinero en
el inicio de un proyecto yo y nosotros
no tenemos si recurso además no tenemos
una experiencia lo c Fras moody alisone
de que cada CM proyectos exploration
possible meant a uno termini
but in the jungle you need more than
just the government's permission
there are indigenous people who live
here too do you ever think about the
optics of dynamics of this white man
going into indigenous community no I
don't think it's like that at all I mean
I'm not King Leopold going into Belgian
Congo
if you don't have social license to
operate there you're pretty much not
going to operate I'm in a foreign
country and you know I have to respect
the stakeholders hola does the land
Baron is exploring overlaps with the
territory of an indigenous people called
the Schwar who've traditionally opposed
commercial activity in the Amazon but a
growing number of indigenous leaders
have recently changed their mind about
people like they're even Picchu is one
of those leaders he's the president of
 ash Warren ization with almost
20,000 members no important area
according to the mining law 60 % of
Ecuador's royalties go to local
governments there's currently no
guarantee that money ends up in the
hands of indigenous communities but
mining can mean jobs for people that
desperately need them no se preocupe
appalled como se toca la selva boost our
patrol us Carl
a Oro y otra manera lays low podemos
Rainier no estas silva pero tampoco
podemos morir cuidando la selva el total
de civil da de oportunidad a's polish or
no puede que ver solamente centauri
Macerata aceton plata known this
demotion involucre disease process and
foreigners need all the help they can
get
okay where we going now coming up the
side of a waterfall
at this point the team had seen enough
to suspect there was gold in the area
but finding something called buggy
quartz could mean they're standing right
on top of it this is a buggy buggy
quartz which is like an injection and
the sedimentary rock can you smell it
nice note I love the smell of gold in
the morning well very well done to find
this needle in a haystack
yeah it is on Friday barons company
announced that this area will likely be
the first it's going to drill the team
meanwhile is still in the Amazon hoping
to eventually stumble upon whatever's
left of the two lost cities and whatever
else is hiding underground my favorite
thing about the job is actually finding
something the Eureka moments and it's
only happened a couple of times in my
life and it would be great to to do such
a thing again
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
April 11
you
you
