Navajo Nation is the largest native
American territory in the country
sprawling across nearly 28,000 square
miles and three states it can be hard to
find your way around and not just
because the lands are mostly rural the
majority of homes and businesses in
Navajo Nation don't have addresses
Nellie bull went to meet the people
trying to change that
oh I passed you okay so I'm doing a
u-turn your mothership number two two
buildings that look identical and the
one that's closer to fire-dependent
Navajo Nation is split into 110 chapters
chapters are kind of like counties but
was more autonomy and about 70 of those
chapters don't have street names or
number two dresses that adds up to at
least 50,000 unmarked properties we
don't have fancy roads and streets that
go northeast Southwest in a grid system
our roads are going all over the place
MC Baldwin is a rural addressing
supervisor for Navajo Nation who lives
in one of the chapters without addresses
we followed MC to a chapter called
Burnham a three-hour drive from the
capital central office where he
installed a house number on an elderly
Navajo woman home she's getting badges
remember so this is off of Road ATM 8:05
okay this tablet that you're actually
part of the database now the woman who
lived here didn't want to be on camera
but her nephew spoke to us how do you
describe your address when friends come
and visit I go to the road sit down
there and just wait for him to come by
and you know didn't bring them up this
way those are the ones that can
understand your issues to you why is it
important for your auntie to have an
address for my auntie you know it was
great for her you know because anything
could happen you know because she's up
in her age and they ought to be able to
find us too you know
having an address isn't just about
convenient to the safety issue we need
it for nomination we need it for the
grandmas and grandpas out there who need
that for hemorrhage purposes has anyone
ever died because an ambulance couldn't
find their house yeah that has happened
over the years where would they say they
are where were they to tell an ambulance
to come they're just going to
immediately say I'm two and a half miles
from this particular chapter in this
direction and then it's up to the public
safety personnel to to navigate
themselves to that location the change
is hard for everyone and despite the
safety concerns some people in Navajo
Nation don't want addresses they like
being off the grid and think the new
signposts ruin the natural landscape the
traditionalist first instinct I guess
would be why would you want to interrupt
a nice skyline a nice horizon sunset
we're not here to tell the people what
to think what to do however we have a
job to do
this one was actually run over
intentionally the reason was it
obstructed somebody's line of sight to
see the bus coming off the highway so
they had enough time to walk from the
house to the bus stop so that was the
only visible perspective and the sign
this happened in up there once this is
laid out it'll tie us in to the grid
with the state to the county and we're
on the map you unify the community
beyond a Navajo reservation beyond the
county beyond the state you're no longer
talking about Navajos Anglos Utes
whatever have you you're talking about
humans working together integrated on a
single system addressing at least 50,000
locations is laborious and expensive
especially in such a rugged place it
requires figuring out a numbering system
building a database of addresses drawing
a base map and putting up signposts
and in the chapters that do have
addresses it's usually because there's
someone like Sadie dead but time
it's frustrating from the community
there was really no involvement I was
the only one working on this project you
know I needed help baby lives in Sheep
Springs in northern Navajo Nation sheep
Springs unlike some other chapters as
running water electricity and other
basic amenities so it was able to find
about $20,000 in its budget for mapping
at this point they've put addresses on
about 300 properties which means they're
3/4 of the way done but to keep the
project going in 2017 Sadie will now be
volunteering for Talia what will it mean
when all Navajo Nation is addressed ah
that would be so awesome I mean you know
we'll be all and like on one page but I
don't know why some other chapters are
not starting on this project maybe they
don't have the people to do it what do
you think it'll be done maybe never
maybe never I don't know a lot of people
I guess they don't want to be found
