in Bentonville Arkansas the hometown of
Walmart a trial is about to begin over
the mysterious death of a former police
officer at a local residence but vital
information in the case may have been
recorded by an Amazon echo and the case
may help decide an issue emerging in a
connected world whether prosecutors
should be able to subpoena a virtual
assistant well the details basically are
this that on the day of November the
21st of 2015 Razorbacks played
Mississippi State in the defendant in
this case mr. James state had a couple
of friends over he was home to watch the
game and after the game was over the
evidence is that they had all you know
had a good time that night they've been
drinking and hanging out and about 9:30
a.m. James Bates call 9-1-1 reporting
that a work associate of his Victor
Collins was found dead and James bassist
hot tub and so the investigation
progressed and as a result of that
investigation mr. Bates was arrested for
murder Bates has pled not guilty
Kimberly whether a member of his defense
team with Quinta points out that the
police have not mentioned a motive or
any DNA evidence linking Bates to the
crime I would call this case less than
circumstantial and that makes it a
pretty weak case I hadn't seen a case
that is so light on evidence connected
mitts it's a difficult case and a few
days after the initial crime scene
examination investigators went back to
Bates his home with a new and unexpected
line of inquiry one of the detectives in
the case found that the Amazon echo and
that was among the items that we
obtained a search warrant for so why did
you think that might be you know
important evidence in Amazon says we
have a device that could have been
activated and could have recorded
something that night it could have
recorded portions of the crime itself we
don't know that the mere fact that this
is an this is the device is i
understanding that it's always listening
and sometimes recording depending on if
it has
been given the proper voice command by
someone it's certainly relevant to know
what's on there it's not totally clear
what the echo does record and when
Amazon's programmed Alexa to respond to
a question on the topic I only send
audio back to Amazon when I hear you say
the wake word in an email the company
said that the echo is sending audio to
its servers only when the blue light is
on and that users can check and delete
any recording to make one research firm
estimates that Amazon had sold about 5
million echoes and Alexa was the hit of
this year's Consumer Electronics Show it
was baked into speakers robot and a
fridge among other things whether things
there's a bigger principle at stake here
it's always on it's not always recording
that's always on but those inadvertent
recordings I think could be misconstrued
and taken out of context you're in your
home what you say in your home is
different than what you put out on the
Internet
so if a client came to you and he was
under investigation by the police and he
was about to get online ordering Amazon
echo what would you say to that client I
would probably tell him at that juncture
in his life he needed to wait until the
criminal allegations were resolved I
think that we live in an increasingly
technologically dependent world and I
think people whether they're carrying
cell phones whether they're carrying you
know have computers in their home or
Smart TVs or whatever the case may be
again that's going to be where where the
law has to to conduct searches because
so much of our lives are on our on those
devices so so you don't think there's
any area technologically that the police
should not be allowed to go if we say in
the United States that there is no basis
ever for law enforcement to obtain a
search warrant to search a technological
device then we're essentially creating a
police free zone we're creating a zone
to tell criminals this is where you go
if you never want to be found
our myth files is search warrant a year
ago at Amazon which would not comment on
this specific case has not yet provided
him with all the data he's asking for it
seems likely the two sides will meet in
court Smith says the case will probably
come to a head in the coming weeks as
the first hearing in the trial
approaches
