general david petraeus went before the
House Armed Services Committee today
with a strongly worded message Americans
should not take the current
international order for granted it did
not will itself into existence we
created it
it was a clear rebuke to the
isolationist leanings of the Trump team
whose Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
was confirmed by the Senate today
Tillerson will inherit a State
Department reeling from Trump's
polarizing immigration order and the
abrupt departure of longtime diplomat
like Tom countryman Josh her spent the
morning with him on his first day out of
the Foreign Service in more than 30
years Tuesday was Tom Countryman's last
day at the State Department he was one
of a half-dozen senior career officials
who were notified last week that they
needed to clean out their desks
countrymen who was acting Undersecretary
of State for arms control and
international security was considering
retirement this year anyway but new
administration's usually wait until
there's a replacement before dismissing
high-level officials the day he got the
call
countryman was busy in Jordan on a
diplomatic mission have worked for six
presidents for Republicans two Democrats
and I have liked my colleagues in both
the Foreign Service and the civil
service always adhere to the dictum that
we must implement faithfully the
policies of the president and that if we
cannot do that in good conscience then
it's our obligation to leave I think
most diplomats have had crises of
conscience at some point my own example
is in 2003 President Bush's decision to
invade Iraq I swallowed my disagreement
and I went up and down Italy giving
speeches defending the president's
actions in Iraq that's what a loyal
public servant does do you think you
would have been prepared if they'd asked
you to stay on to advance some of their
policies I was prepared to stay for
several months I think
the kind of crisis of conscience that I
described would have become extremely
acute for me in a very short time but I
was prepared to stay until there was a
successor appointed but what's different
this time why more acute than than the
Iraq war I think there are a number of
indications of foreign policy
malpractice that this administration is
going to pursue first is its inclination
to build economic walls around the
United States second I fear that we are
already giving up u.s. leadership in the
world when the president said we will
not participate in the trans-pacific
partnership trade agreement there was no
one happier than the president of China
who immediately stepped forward and
offered to lead an alternative trade
arrangement on Chinese terms not on
American terms
and finally I'm concerned about whether
this president is prepared to be firm in
standing up to Russian intervention in
the Ukraine and Russian attempts to
interfere in other countries in the same
way that they interfere din this country
are they just policy conflicts or is it
something more fundamental what I see in
terms of the vocabulary and the steps
that the president is taking they are
frightening ly similar to what I've
witnessed up close in Serbia what I've
witnessed from a greater distance in
places like Russia and Hungary
and I think that it is essential that
Americans stand up and push back not
against all the distractions not against
all the alternate facts that are peddled
by the White House but to stand up
against the concrete actions that this
White House is taking
that corrode our democracy Rex Tillerson
did you deal with him at all I've heard
good things about him I know people who
have worked with him directly who tell
me that he's serious highly intelligent
well-organized individual and a born
leader I hope that he defends the State
Department not only the people but the
State Department's role in foreign
policy formation and that he doesn't
simply cede all of that authority to the
White House do you think he's maybe
speak for some of the people still in
the building
I think that a lot of people in the
building share my views but they are
disciplined and I would not have
expressed these views publicly yesterday
because as I said I considered myself a
public servant and I'm very proud of the
service I gave to the public but you're
still a diplomat I'm still a little dip
LeMat I'm a little bit less diplomatic
than I used to be
