nobody can do it like me nobody nobody
can do it like nobody's stronger than me
nobody has better toys than I do there's
nobody bigger or better at the military
than I ain't nobody loves the Bible more
than I do nobody builds walls better
than me nobody's better to people with
disabilities than mad nobody's fighting
for the veterans like I'm fighting for
the veterans there's nobody that's done
so much for equality as I have there's
nobody more pro-israel than I am there
is nobody more conservative than me
there is nobody that respects women more
than I do nobody would be tougher on
Isis than Donald Trump is nobody has
ever had crowds like Trump as head
there's nobody that understands the
horror of nuclear better than me but
nobody even understands it but me is
called evaluation the sale of the
uranium that nobody knows what it means
I know what it means nobody knows more
about trade than me nobody knows the
game better than I do but he's in the
history of this country has ever known
so much about infrastructure was Donald
Trump I know the h-1b I know the h-2b
nobody knows it better than me nobody
knows politicians better than I do
nobody knows more about taxes than I do
nobody knows more about debt than I do
nobody knows the system better than me I
have many friends many many friends all
of my friends so many Steve I see over
here Marco Rubio is a very very good
friend of mine Tom Brady's a friend of
mine my friend Elton John George
Steinbrenner was a good friend of mine
Howard Stern was a friend of mine we've
been friends for a long time friend of
mine is a great manufacturing friend of
Mines a great excavator I have a friend
who builds plants I have friends a
friend of mine is in law enforcement my
best friends have become fire marshals
the generals had become very good
friends of mine my biker friends a
friend who's a doctor friend he's a
farmer I know the insurance companies
their friends and might have many
friends that are liberal and I think
they're wonderful people I have friends
that are wonderful business people I
have friends that are very wealthy
people friends of mine go bankrupt I
have many many friends who are women and
I have some very smart friends don't
agree with me I had a friend who's a
very smart guy in a very streetwise good
friend of mine
a friend of mine who happens to be a
great great athlete he happens to be
african-american and I have a friend
big guy one of the biggest in the world
I have a friend he's a very very
substantial guy
tough tough cookies I better not mention
their names and 2 of them are friends of
my friends also that have become
addicted to drugs my friend he was my
friend he passed away who's my friend i
have a friend every year he goes to
Paris I have friends they won't go to
friends friends that live in California
so many friends and a lot of good
friends out in Iowa friends that live in
Texas friends in Wisconsin friends that
love to go to their church they have
friends that frankly aren't Christian I
have many Jewish friends you have many
friends that are Muslims many Chinese
friends France and Saudi Arabia friends
in Mexico France Japan so many friends
in Turkey many friends in South Korea
have so many friends from this area
friends that live all over the place I
have no friends as far as I'm concerned
I have no all right let's get back to
the fun I think when you come to sarin
gas
there was no he was not using the gas on
his own people the same way dead Ishod
is doing it meters clearly
the information is analyzed
I think
it's real happy
brought him into the to the Holocaust
Center I understand it but I was hanging
in the way that the son of Assad used
them where he went into towns dropped
him down to innocent into the middle of
towns it was brought to it so the use of
it I appreciate the clarification there
that was not the intent let's run
through the numbers a negative number a
lowest number every catastrophic alena
load number a very very small number
small number actually the numbers
getting up that number is raising rising
a large numbers a big number big big
number very big number bigger number
than that big big-league number a huge
number a very significant number a very
very high number some fairly vast number
a staggering number a record number the
number is through the roof the numbers
are astronomical ever-growing numbers
numbers that you've never seen before
numbers that nobody has ever seen
numbers that you wouldn't even think of
believable unbelievable numbers a
massive number the biggest number ever
it's a ridiculous number and when you
add it all together a lot of good things
are gonna happen gonna happen billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and millions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and millions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and millions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and millions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and millions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions of billions and
billions and millions and millions of
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions the being I love
it I love it I'm sitting that's waited
being big big you press a button being
big they all hand you checks being Bing
Bing Bing
we had our beautiful marine standing
there Bing Bing Bing Bing you know the
old days being bong you know with the
map being being big little mouth on him
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing they're cleaning up
accepting being being 14-point plan Bing
Bing Bing Anthony Weiner you know the
little thing being been everyone's
attacked me has gone pink everyone else
Bing where have they gone
being wow what a tackle being playing
cards Bing Bing Bing those tunnels Bing
boom right under the toilet being bomb
right up being like a rocket ship except
in the wrong direction I'd fly over drop
him right on top you know just being
they want me to use the pump because the
other one which I really like better
than going b-b-b it's like puppets Bing
Bing Bing Bing bong bong bing bing bing
bing bang bang bong I was imitating
puppets and I said maybe I shouldn't do
that anymore by being Bing that's the
end of that you know it's the only thing
he can say
