today NASA released new global surface
temperature data confirming that last
year with the hottest year ever recorded
for the third year in a row sea ice is
also at the lowest levels ever measured
that analysis is crucial to global
security and wouldn't be possible
without precision data from NASA that
captures exactly what's happening on
Earth's surface but some House
Republicans and at least one Trump
advisor want to defund NASA's climate
research arm for now NASA's earth
scientists are forging ahead with plans
that include a research satellite that
will measure my new changes in the
world's ice sheet using lasers beamed
down from space
erielle do M Ross visited the Goddard
Space Flight Center in Maryland to see
how it worked there's a lot of noise in
this building what exactly are we
hearing mostly what we're hearing is a
pump and air circulation in order to
simulate the vacuum of space and the ice
bath satellite is here that's right the
ice cloud and land satellite or icesat-2
is massive next-generation technology
for measuring melting sea ice in the
Arctic ice fu is just one of the tools
we have to study how the planet is
changing nasa build satellites like
landsat that take imagery of the earth
that you can look at changes in the
color of the earth or the extensive
forest ISAT to really adds another
dimension it adds that third dimension
lets us measure the height and how the
height is changing with time it'll send
out little pulses of laser light bounce
them down off the Earth's surface back
up to the satellites and if we can time
precisely how fast the laser light moves
and how long does it take to go down and
back we can figure out what the height
of the surface of the earth is beneath
the satellite so I set one took 40
measurements the second with its single
beam laser and that's basically equated
to having a measurement in each end zone
of a football field a icesat-2 fires
10,000 times a second and that will get
us data every football
okay that's a huge difference so we're
going to get so much more detail with
icesat-2 than was available with ice
that one
we don't even know some of the things
that we'll see because we've never been
able to look at the ice sheets and this
kind of detail before in order to catch
a glimpse of the laser inside the ice
tattoo we entered a cleanroom with
protective garments for more than a year
scientists tested a prototype of the
laser to ensure that it works
continuously before it's launched into
space in mid 2018 to get proper
measurements from the Earth's surface
researchers have to make sure that the
photons returning to the satellite hit
optical fibers that are less than 1/100
of an inch apart that kind of precision
is what will allow the new laser to
measure changes as small as one
centimeter on the Earth's surface
once I statues on orbit it's going to
collect measurements of the ice sheets
of the polar ocean for at least three
years we're hoping for more as long as
the instrument stays healthy by
comparing that with the first ice that
mission will build in almost 20 year
pitched
of how the polar regions are changing
through time the amazing new piece of
technology doing things we've never been
able to do before
and understanding the planet in a way
we've never been able to before
