on Friday the Department of Justice
released a report highlighting the
urgent need for reform in the Chicago
Police Department citing among other
things the disproportionate targeting of
african-americans at the moment more
than half of the city's police force is
white even though white people make up
less than a third of the city's
population officials are trying to
change that as part of an effort
launched in 2015 to hire almost a
thousand new officers Chicago is
specifically focused on attracting
minority recruits but convincing people
to join ranks with officers they feel of
oppressed them isn't easy with two weeks
to go before the application deadline
roberto furred men went to meet one
recruit who's torn about joining the
force
it's Martin Luther King jr. Day and the
Chicago Police Department is recruiting
minority officers mark Winne McDonald is
exactly the sort of candidate the
Chicago Police Department is looking for
he grew up on the south side of the city
and a family of cops and feels strongly
about his community his fiancee teaches
at a local public school but he's not
sure he's ready to join the force
mark Quinn is getting ready to go to the
police department's recruiting event to
see whether it helps him make his
decision why did you want to be a cop
when you're young I want to be a police
officer because we had police officers
in my family who was and he was the
person I looked up to unfortunately you
know the love of what seemed to be a
police officer was sort of died with how
I got treated by some police officers
that I've encountered when I see a
police officer pulled me over why do I
get nervous I'm nervous because I'm
afraid that I'm might get shot for
nothing at all that feeling isn't
specific to Marc Quinn between 2008 and
74 percent of all police shootings in
the city targeted african-americans
Deborah farmer is the president and CEO
of the farmer group one of the
chicago-based PR firms the city hired
last year to come into people like Marc
Quinn who have mixed feelings about the
police to join the department in all her
company will be paid eighty five
thousand dollars how have you
experienced the process of trying to
convince a population that has reasons
to be wary of the body that you're
asking them to join or telling them that
they can change we want to make certain
that people understand that they can be
a part of the solution this is not a
time for you to complain if you can't
you know beat them join them right so
this is a great opportunity for them to
be a part of the change that they want
to see that seems just to like push
forth this idea of us versus them which
i think is what the city and the
community would like to get rid of I
don't want to look at it as a you know
us versus them this campaign is a legacy
and a bridge builder with officers of
color that have served on the Chicago
Police Department with a new generation
of conscious minded people that want to
put on a unit
to protect and serve the community the
city has also made a point to emphasize
the fact that officers earn upwards of
seventy two thousand dollars a year
after 18 months and enjoy full benefits
even though they don't need a single
college credit to apply but even when
the pitch does motivate young men and
women of color to apply there are more
barriers ahead it takes one to two years
from the time that you apply to one at
the time you get called to company the
Academy these are young people who are
looking for a way to make a mark in the
world but we're gonna lose them to other
opportunities that might be out there
for them in 2015
Rahm Emanuel launched the Chicago police
accountability task force to help
investigate problems with the city's
department and make recommendations for
how to fix this year Lori Lightfoot was
chosen to run it
she thinks the city could be doing more
to support minorities once they joined
the force
like appointing someone to specifically
focus on diversity efforts somebody
needs to be solely focused on that issue
if you really want to make sure that you
have traction not just on the pipeline
and recruitment piece but also on the
retention and the promotion which is
critically important as well we need to
make sure that the supervisors are as
diverse as they can be and in the police
department that means matriculating
through the supervisory process has
there been pushed back to appointing a
chief diversity officer has there simply
been no implementation of it there's
been no real conversation about it that
I'm aware of on the part of the
department or the mayor's office on that
issue
actually considering the party tonight
today by the time mark Quinn arrived at
the recruiting event on Monday she was
pretty sure he wasn't going to join the
force he said he was afraid the
potential repercussions of becoming a
cop to make it more difficult to have a
positive impact on his community the
question I have for myself is would I be
a good cop why do you question whether
or not you'd be a good cop because I see
what some police officers go through one
of my friends became officer real joyful
real playful and then it's gonna change
like I'm like this is great rule
everybody spotted one or two I'm
definitely thinking about it man uh it's
swaying ovie so right now my life is
good right now I have a beautiful family
right now I work with the community and
the community seems to love me and
giving me good energy back but Ben and I
put on that badge when you see me as the
bad guy based off of what happened to
laQuan McDonald but based on the the
situations that we see countless
countless time on time again will I be
viewed as the bad guy and not only that
will I become the bad guy after talking
with veteran black officers and other
older members of the black community
mark Winne consulted his family at one
point we talked about it
a while back he was kind of like no I'm
not with that right if daddy became a
police officer how would that make you
feel okay all right well I'll see you
when I get home okay you know see what
happens I've applied which is a big
moment on this big day so yeah I'm happy
