in 2006
Keith Baron found the largest gold
deposit in Ecuador's history and sold
his stake for almost 200 million dollars
now he's back and he's looking for more
on paper chief Aaron is the CEO of a
publicly-traded company called Iranian
in reality he's an actual gold digger
barons team of explorers is here in the
middle of the Amazon because he spent a
decade studying old Spanish maps and
documents which reference to lost cities
in the jungle of Ecuador logroño and
Sevilla they odo whether conquistadors
mined gold in the 16th century and Baran
thinks the area could still be home to
massive gold deposits unfortunately it's
not x marks the spot and it's not super
accurate so we still have to do the
exploration to find the places the team
spends up to three weeks at a time in
the jungle splitting open rocks and
gathering samples they're not expecting
to find gold sitting on the surface
they're looking for geological clues
that indicate there could be huge
amounts of gold underground
this is what we call elephant country
it's never been explored before so there
is a chance to go and find an elephant
size deposit how much money would that
be oh-ho way way in the billions Ecuador
has a tortured history with foreign
companies looking for riches in the
Amazon in the 70s and 80s oil drilling
in the jungle led to water pollution
soil contamination and deforestation it
culminated in a multi-billion dollar
lawsuit against Chevron which has been
bouncing around international courts for
more than two decades
so Ecuador's being a lot more cautious
this time around after barons last
discovery in 2006 the country banned all
exploration for nearly a decade while
created a formal system for collecting
royalties and enforcing regulations the
same presses angle Ecuador por la ley
Domini RIA tienen algunas condiciones
que somos bastante strict O's Renta ESO
ellos cinta por ciento del personal
tiene que ser contratado in a liquid or
yadaim s pour normative ambiental
nuestra por ejemplo el agua tiene que
ser de vuelta su casa en el mismo estado
que se encontró cero por ciento way de a
ver contamination Ecuador has licensed
land concessions to 27 foreign companies
including barons he pays about two
million dollars a year for the exclusive
right to explore an area more than twice
the size of New York City in return the
country gets 50% of whatever he earns
negocio Manero say meseta mucho dinero
en el inicio de un proyecto yo y
nosotros no tenemos sa recurso además no
tenemos la experiencia lo c Fras moody
alisone de que cada CM proyectos
exploration possible meant a una termini
but in the jungle you need more than
just the government's permission
there are indigenous people who live
here too
do you ever think about the optics of
dynamics of this white man going into
indigenous community no I don't think
it's like that at all I mean I'm not
King Leopold going into Belgian Congo if
you don't have social license to operate
there you're pretty much not going to
operate I'm in a foreign country and you
know I have to respect the stakeholders
Ola goes thus the land baron is
exploring overlaps with the territory of
an indigenous people called the Schwar
who traditionally opposed commercial
activity in the Amazon but a growing
number of indigenous leaders have
recently changed their mind about people
like Baron factor Ruben PTU is one of
those leaders he's the president of OSHA
a schwöre organization with almost
20,000 members no esta in contra de la
malaria hearing
according to the mining law 60 % of
Ecuador's royalties go to local
governments there's currently no
guarantee that money ends up in the
hands of indigenous communities but
mining can mean jobs for people that
desperately need them como se toca la
selva boost our petróleos car a Oro y
otra manera res no podemos a year no
esta silva pero tampoco podemos morir
cuidando la selva in total DC Valverde
oportunidad A's polish or no puede
quedar solamente Centauri Macerata
Macedon Plata known this demo involucre
disease process and foreigners need all
the help they can get
okay where we going now coming up to the
side of a waterfall at this point the
team had seen enough to suspect there
was gold in the area but finding
something called buggy quartz could mean
they're standing right on top of it look
at that this is a buggy buggy quartz
which is like an injection and the
sedimentary rock can you smell it
nice knowledge I love the smell of gold
in the morning well very well done to
find this needle in a haystack
yeah it is bloody hell man on Friday
barons company announced that this area
will likely be the first it's going to
drill the team meanwhile is still in the
Amazon hoping to eventually stumble upon
whatever's left of the two lost cities
and whatever else is hiding underground
my favorite thing about the job is
actually finding something the Eureka
moments and it's only happened a couple
of times in my life and it would be
great to to do such a thing again
you
