no but we prepared a briefing book for
you which includes everything from the
memo to recent articles and all the
other part materials you need for the
hearing
what is this day before before the
hearing look like it actually starts
before that weeks before when an issue
evolves and then we reach out to get a
witness in this case it's Mark
Zuckerberg and then we begin working
about what what are the issues we need
to delve into what are the public policy
concerns what are the unanswered
questions we want answers to so what do
you think our strongest line of
questions I think your strongest line of
questioning and your first question
should ask mr. Zuckerberg why users in
the American public should trust that
they can make these changes and actually
effectuate them do you trust him to be
upfront with you guys tomorrow I think
the question he asked the answer is has
does he have a way to earn back the
trust of the people who use his platform
so you don't trust him in this way I
work you know I I trust people along the
way but he's got to prove to his
consumers to the people who use his
platform can he earn back their trust
this is what I saw this morning that's
on my facebook profile so that means
that they took my public profile my page
likes my birthday and the current city
that I had never agreed to share those
big well so that's the the open question
at one point I did have the platform
access turned off but then I do know
that I had it turned on at one point I'm
pretty sure it was one my mom wanted to
play words with friends I prefer to have
the marketplace the exact punishment if
you will and in the Internet community
nothing moves faster than Internet users
in terms of disciplining a marketplace
good
if if I can get everybody's attention
we'll get started before major hearings
we always get together with our members
and kind of walk through the run of
schedule what to anticipate what the
purpose of the hearing is what we're
trying to get from it the country is
watching and I think the country is
really desperate for some answers here I
do think that if we need to be careful
that no one grandstands here we also
want to make sure that we keep in mind
these have been some great companies
they left a lot on the table the
Senators that were questioning him today
for you guys to tackle this is where the
staff has been watching they will
evaluate look at what hasn't been asked
to get clarification on issues they felt
weren't fully addressed and be ready
tomorrow
hearings like this cause entities and
corporations to sit-up realize they have
a serious matter before them and I've
seen it time and again where they want
to clean up their act they want to get
ahead of it they don't they don't
benefit from getting punished by
Congress did it ever cross your mind
that you should be communicating more
clearly with users about how Facebook is
monetizing their data I understand that
Facebook does not sell user data per se
in the traditional sense but it's also
just as true that Facebook's user data
is probably the most valuable thing
about Facebook I can't be clearer on
this topic we don't sell data that's not
how advertising works and I do think we
could probably be doing a clearer job
explaining that given the misperceptions
that are out there can you manage the
issues that are before you or does
Congress need dinner see I'm gonna leave
that because I'm out I'm over my time
they got a problem on their hands we
have to be understanding I think of the
challenge they face they need to
understand the obligation they have to
the consumers is having this platform
and profiting handsomely from it
you
