I actually got this Russian soccer scarf
a little bit like a Russian whiskey
bouche could just to like you know get
it get it across
remember the monopoly man who crashed a
congressional hearing last fall on the
Equifax data breach that was Amanda
Lerner a political activist who works at
a progressive advocacy group in
Washington but today they took the day
off to attend Zuckerberg hearing once
again in costume hi are you Evan nice to
see you thanks for having us tell me
exactly what it is you're doing today so
today I'm attending Mark Zuckerberg
testimony in front of the Senate
Judiciary and commerce committees and I
will be going you know with my signature
sense of style so you're going to a
committee hearing dressed as a Russian
troll yeah I think it's appropriate you
know it's about Russian trolls okay so
what I tried to do is just kind of
create a troll doll new delusion I
actually originally considered buying a
body suit it's just like flesh-colored
but I figured - senator grassley would
not be a fan of that so I've got the
shirt in the pants and then I've got a
little jewel for my belly button I
thought I was gonna have to make this I
thought I was gonna just buy it on the
wig and like put a bunch of hairspray
and stuff but you know turns out there
are a lot of options for trolls on the
go yeah honestly this is a really tiny
wig it's kind of like a child-size so it
can't actually cover all my hair oh so
we're just gonna try to make it work
how do you get into a Senate hearing
dressed like this I've always been able
to get inside the room it's more what
happens when I'm on the inside so we'll
see it's honestly the key to doing this
part is just not being embarrassed and
luckily that's a skillet ass I actually
got this Russian soccer scarf a little
bit like a Russian moose Boosh again
just to like you know get it get it
across oh yeah this is 100 rubles
if you recall from my monopoly man stunt
I had a moment where I wiped my forehead
with a hundred dollar bill so you know
the best comedians know to call back to
their most popular materials the jewel
actually really makes it I have to say I
was skeptical of the jewel until I see
the whole thing put together yeah why
are you doing this um I mean there's a
lot of reasons but you know one of the
most personal ones is actually just this
morning that I found out that my dad I
was exposed to Cambridge analytic ethroo
this weird you know personality quiz app
and so I'm one of the 87 million
Facebook users whose privacy was
violated
so I'm attending not only to you know
kind of call attention in this point I'm
also attending because I want to see
what Zuckerberg says this is how I'd
choose to express my anger and I think
you know honestly you know in 2017 2018
and I feel like you can burn out really
easily if you keep getting angry and so
I think we have to find creative
channels to you know put that energy and
use it to hopefully create a better
world I think part of what I want to do
is use how ridiculous I look to
highlight how ridiculous the things that
the Senators and Mark Zuckerberg are
gonna be saying you know cuz i think one
thing senators often do here is they try
to use this as their kind of moment in
the spotlight their time to be like hard
on these terrible CEOs and they don't
actually back it up with any legislation
so what's it like in there it's tense
they have it all set up basically so
that the audience the people in the
crowd are really far away
unfortunately so I'm not able to do what
I was able to do last time you know kind
of sort of bomb them the whole time but
it wasn't the whole point of this that
there would be a shot of Mark Zuckerberg
and then there would be this troll
behind Mark Zuckerberg yeah I watch this
on TV but if you didn't get the shot
doesn't I mean this whole thing was kind
of a failure Oh first of all people are
enjoying it the media is paying
attention I think people are talking
about it on social media so as long as
that's working out I think it's good
also you know frankly I think seen the
number of creative protesters in there
really shows me the monopoly
is working and starting to spread as a
movement and that's really my biggest
goal
you
