I can't I can't watch
Simoni like i watch like a few minutes
of it and then I can't my heart hurts
I can't like it doesn't feel like
anything good
like anything will ever get better I
just have to say that I am proud of her
as a woman
and also as a survivor of sexual assault
myself listening to her testimony
actually brought me to tears because her
story is so eerily similar to mine and
it made me so angry that the narrative
hasn't changed I don't feel like this
narrative is going to be changed easily
it is difficult to determine the facts
of the case at the end of the day it is
determining who do you believe in what
do you believe the truth of that night
may never come out which will hunt both
of them for the rest of their lives not
only watching it but I have shut down
the company and we are all watching it
and think that Ford is amazing and our
hearts go out to to what she's going
through I knew it was going to be tough
to watch as a woman like found myself
thinking about some crazily
I guess you would consider it a minor
sort of like sexual assault situations
that I hadn't thought about a very long
time you know you realize that like
nothing you shouldn't have to call any
of these things later shouldn't happen
you know what I mean I turned it off for
a little bit and I'm trying to push
through but it's rough
I believe that Christine Blasi food is
extremely credible incredibly clear this
process is absolutely destroying the GOP
plan to bring bring her down or to to
find any type of breaks in her story
whatsoever the prosecutor that was hired
by the Republicans honestly she seems to
be completely vindicating forward and
that she's telling the truth and that
her stories are completely valid and a
hundred percent true I just want to
vomit being a survivor of sexual assault
in my childhood as well I cannot believe
that the Republican Party appears to not
have one single human being in it
anymore and I cannot believe that all
that Lindsey Graham is getting out of
this is that he's threatening revenge
for the next Democratic nominee this is
disgusting and I'm not even a Democrat
yes
a moderate Republican I think that mark
judge be required to testify
I'm just really struck by she seems just
like me she could be me I'm really moved
by her testimony any woman who has ever
been 15 years old can relate to what
she's saying
I think she's extremely credible and I
believe what she says I'm somebody that
husband was subject to a lot of sexual
assault very similar to the one that dr.
Ford this guy he did it his
excuses are so flimsy and so weak and
regardless women do not lie about this
time I was raped it took me over a year
to even say those words because and why
men it happen this is disgusting
please excuse my swear word why is
anybody surprised that sexual assault
victims sometimes tell it years later or
Never edge because people don't
believe you oh my god if I were a juror
watching a trial with dr. Ford I would
believe her it's very tough out here dr.
Ford recalled experience I feel shame
that we live in a country where this
type of behavior and this type of
attitude in this culture is embedded
deep in this country I felt embarrassed
that bill just discussed it who is this
man young guy we trying to prove the
changes and what do you do you scream on
national television
what are you Sean Hannity you can
believe this nonsense man need to go
just go
we just hurt my brain just sitting here
thinking about this by
