tonight the Supreme Court case that can
blow up the Congressional map the
Scorsese of Oppo research and vegans
take the pitch
Facebook announced a revamp of its
privacy and security settings today in
an attempt to defuse complaints over how
it's handled user data the new steps
include bringing all settings under one
menu on its mobile app so controls are
easier to find and use making a new
shortcuts menu specifically for privacy
settings and creating a tool called
access your information where you can
find and delete any data you don't want
on the platform Facebook also announced
that it will update its Terms of Service
in the coming weeks to clarify how it
utilizes personal information
the young man who opened fire in a
Quebec mosque last year killing six men
while they prayed pleaded guilty today
to six first-degree murder charges and
six attempted murder charges
Alexander Bissonnette reversed his
original not guilty plea to avoid a
trial saying he didn't want to make the
victims families relive the tragedy a
first-degree murder conviction in Canada
carries a life sentence without the
possibility of parole for 25 years
Bissonnette may have to serve his
sentences consecutively thousands of
people marched in Paris and honor of
Morreale Canole an 85 year old Holocaust
survivor who was murdered last week
officials believe it's because she was
Jewish some of the rally's attendees
expressed concern that anti-semitism
seems to be on the rise in France fights
broke out when former far-right
presidential candidate marine lepen
showed up the more
her party the National Front has been
accused of anti-semitism and Frances
leading Jewish groups specifically as
lepen not to come today the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London which is housed
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange for
nearly six years cut off his internet
access in a statement Ecuador said it
was because Assange as social media
posts jeopardized relations with the EU
the UK and other nations WikiLeaks
responded this evening accusing the
Ecuadorian government of trying to gag
Assange over his stance on the catalan
separatist movement in Spain Michigan
State University paid a public relations
firm more than a half million dollars to
track victims of the disgraced
gymnastics team dr. Larry Nasser earlier
this year according to the lawyer who
represented more than a hundred and
forty of them the PR firms work included
gathering information from victims
social media accounts and collecting and
evaluating news coverage about their
cases more than 250 people have accused
Nasser of sexually abusing them the
Lansing State Journal originally got the
information through public records
requests MSU didn't respond to vice
News's request for comments President
Trump fired his embattled Secretary of
Veterans Affairs today via tweet David
Shulkin had come under intense criticism
for misuse of taxpayer funds and for
performance issues in the VA system
he'll be replaced by Admiral Ronnie
Jackson the current White House
physician who gave a memorable press
conference in January defending the
president's health the president's
overall health is excellent you could
say he nailed the audition
gerrymandering the practice of drawing
electoral districts to disenfranchise
certain voters was used for decades to
strip black voters of their civil rights
the Supreme Court has ruled that that's
unconstitutional but gerrymandering is
also used much more widely by whichever
party is in power in a given state to
dilute the power of the opposition and
this is an area where the Supreme Court
hasn't reached a conclusion but today it
heard arguments in a case that could
change that the Supreme Court justices
are pretty uniformly an agreement that
gerrymandering is a bad thing they just
don't know what to do about it here's
how Justice Samuel Alito put it in
October when the court heard its first
gerrymandering case concerning
Wisconsin's congressional maps
gerrymandering is distasteful but if we
are going to impose a standard on the
course it has to be something that's
manageable and has to be something that
sufficiently concrete so that public
reaction to decisions is not going to be
that this three-judge Court decided this
way because two of the three were
appointed by a Republican president or
two of the three were my Democratic
president in other words if the Supreme
Court knocks down a map is
unconstitutional because it's too
partisan they have to have a concrete
standard that's equally applicable
nationwide so that other judges can use
it to evaluate whether other maps are
constitutional the justices didn't seem
totally convinced by the Wisconsin case
which proposed a mathematical equation
to evaluate whether a map was too
partisan Chief Justice John Roberts
called the equation quote sociological
gobbledygook
but today they heard another option in
Venice ik forces alone a challenge by
Republicans to Maryland's Democratic
drawn congressional map the case focuses
on Maryland six district before
redistricting in 2010 nearly half of the
districts registered voters were
Republican and it was represented by
Republican congressman roscoe Bartlett
for two decades after the Democratic
controlled State Legislature read
through the maps partisan control of the
district flipped and Democrat John
Delaney is represented it since in
benetech versus Lamone the plaintiffs
are arguing that the map violates GOP
voters First Amendment rights because it
was drawn in retaliation for their
support for Republican candidates and
because it dilutes their political power
in the area they cite public statements
made by Democrats in the state
indicating they purposely drew the
district to elect Democrats when I sat
in on the oral arguments today though
the justices didn't seem like they were
buying it I think they understand that
this is a real problem for democracy and
the question is just whether they think
they have the legal framework to get
where they want to go with that and on
that question I'm not sure but whatever
happens in the Wisconsin or Maryland
cases could have a huge national impact
if the Supreme Court sets a new standard
by which to measure partisan
gerrymandering conceivably dozens of
states could have their Maps challenged
in court couple scores of new
congressional maps with presidential
cycle level turnout and you have a
recipe for seismic changes coming to
Congress in 2020 less than three years
from now
as our target tonight Dino Rossi he's
running for Congress
target target is that's that's who we is
an official lingo I am a tracker your
tracker
I'm a tracker what's what's a tracker a
tracker is someone who is paid by a
campaign to go to that campaigns
opponents public events and record what
they say break down the messaging get it
back to the campaign
what's that conversation like like you
come up somebody at a party's like oh
hey what do you do I follow
politicians yeah they say something
racist that's one big misconception is
that we're trying to catch the bad thing
that misconception started with
something real in 2006 George Allen was
running for Senator in Virginia he was
up 16 points in the polls
but then during a routine stump speech
he singled out his tracker the person
he's pointing out is a young Indian
American college student who's born in
Virginia Allen lost the race and with it
his entire political career other
candidates learned to avoid having their
own macaca moments one of my biggest
strategies is to show up about 90
seconds before the events supposed to
start that lets me get in get a seat sit
down without too much time for anybody
to come and and escort me out
Moorea good it's a public building it's
an open meeting you're having a PCO
meeting you need to be in a certain area
you can stand no no problem good no
worries no no that's good
and if Dino's not coming I can bounce -
is he standing you up again this is
twice if you pay a tracker with the
expectation that this is an investment
in getting my opponent to say something
dumb it's you're wasting your money so
what is the point of paying the track of
this so you want to follow their message
so you want to know what they said in
the Rotary Club in a small town versus
what they said to a union hall in a big
city because a lot of times that's
different
zach has been trailing Dino Rossi for
eight years he's kind of like a spy for
the Democratic Party except everyone
knows him this is Zach's daily routine
get up early watch some Fox News and
then hit the road for a political event
it's not glamorous and it doesn't pay
much either last time
I was here you had a different car I did
I did I've added three different cars
since the last time you were here I buy
them just for a couple of hundred bucks
on Craigslist I'm hoping that I can
squeeze it a few more months or
hopefully years out of them you spend
about the same amount if you were to
like keep diligent maintenance on a car
you know with a good payment I keep my
drivel a membership I get the premium
that gives you like 200 miles and towing
and it's not what I want to hear when
Zach is headed from Seattle to Pasco to
record cathy McMorris Rodgers the
highest ranking female Republican in
Congress Democrats have targeted her
ahead of the 2018 midterm elections she
might not show up tonight we're driving
for hours yeah over the mountains yeah
in the snow yeah lady might not be there
yeah yeah out of your mind dude zach is
so prolific that it pretty much any
Republican events in Washington people
recognize him the moment he walks in so
we hired a new trainee named Rachel to
go in and run the camera for him so this
will be a one that I would that they
probably won't let me into because I've
been tracking them for a long time so
we're gonna have you go in okay I'm
gonna have you working with the the
handycam should probably be further in
the back of the room okay if you get
asked to leave if someone comes up to
you and says hi are you here for a
political purpose you know yes I am well
you know what it's a private room and
we're just gonna go ahead and ask you to
leave Leave
sure enough cathy McMorris Rogers was a
no-show she was stuck in DC as Congress
struggled again to keep the government
open instead she sent a pre-taped video
message I join you in celebrating the
American farmer tonight and thank you to
the Washington Policy Center for your
friendship your leadership on so many
public policy issues how'd it go inside
there it was boring yeah
that's it's gonna happen yeah got some
video of it got good video I got the
whole thing about 15 minutes awesome
cool it's all we need great you you feel
good about this
hey we got we got the captured most
people who do the work that you do a lot
younger they do it for a little bit yeah
out of college they get of the gay huh
why are you still here I love it
I mean I love what I do I like the chase
when I can put that puzzle together that
turns all my lights on you just don't
see yourself getting out as long as
there's still people who'd think that
they could just walk into a room and lie
to whoever's in there when they're
saying one thing in one room in another
I'm still willing to show up in the room
and stick a camera up their nose
this is an historic moment from which
there can be no turning back
Britain is leaving the European Union
one year ago Britain pulled the trigger
on brexit giving notes to the European
Union that it was gonna leave on the
calendar at least it's now halfway there
exactly a year from tomorrow at 11:00
p.m. on the 29th of March 2019 to be
precise Britain will officially separate
from the EU
that leaves 365 days to finalise the
remaining details about how brexit is
actually going to work there were three
major phases of the split phase one is
the divorce settlement an agreement on
what will and what won't be on the
negotiating table and exactly how much
it will cost the UK to go in December
the UK agreed to pay alimony an
estimated 40 billion pounds to fund its
existing commitments to European
projects until the end of 2020 it's a
huge Sun about equal to what the UK
spends annually on national defense
this makes EU negotiators happy and the
brexit is who thought the whole point of
the split was to stop funding the EU
less happy then there's the states to
the EU citizens currently living the UK
then mildly pleased while most would
prefer if Britain stayed inside the EU
they'll be able to claim permanent
residency in their non EU home
phase 2 is a transition from brexit to a
new economic relationship between
Britain and its former partner this is a
complicated bill so last week both sides
did the easiest thing and kick the
details down the road by Greens keep
trade status pretty much exactly as it
is until the 31st of December 2020 the
UK will be able to start negotiating new
trade deals with 90 new countries until
2021 it'll also have to put up with the
things that brexit is really disliked
like maintaining open borders for EU
citizens and following EU regulations
including letting European companies
fishing British waters once the UK
actually leaves the EU training Bach in
not only does no one know what happened
talks to figure it out haven't even
started the two sides have published 130
page working draft on what the deal
looks like so far
Mart's in green is everything that has
been agreed Martin yellow and white are
subjects where there's no agreement on
paper it looks like progress about 3/4
these pages are green the things they
can't agree on the same things that
disagreed on since day one
like jurisdiction of European courts in
the UK the exchange of classified
information between intelligence
services and the stickiest one of all
northern ireland's relationship with the
rest of ireland which will remain within
the EU we spoke to gina miller who took
the government to court last year over
how it was going about and brexit it's
an absolute shambles I mean it's taken
them 12 months to do the really easy
stuff in phase 1 and now we've got 7
months left so don't be fooled by this
idea that we have till March next year
we don't we actually have 7 months to
resolve not just the Irish border but
actually the deal we want why explain
that because October would be the time
when we go into a legal process called
ratification what's the best scenario
you can imagine I think the best
scenario would be that the vote is put
to Parliament in October and the MPs
decide that this is such a big momentous
decision that it goes back to the people
but what's the worst case no you can
imagine the worst case scenario who is
already very possible that we leave with
no deal and that we just crash out and
at the end of the transitional period
which hasn't actually solved the cliff
edge it's just postponed it for 20
months that would be the most damaging
thing we could do
last week China announced its already
met its emissions targets for 2020 three
years early
given the China is the world's largest
source of greenhouse gases that should
be a big deal but if China is suddenly
doing so well why did we also learn last
week that world emissions hit a record
high in 2017 and who's to blame the
answer might still be China when China
pledged to tackle its emissions in 2015
at the Paris climate summit it never set
out to reduce its overall emissions
rather it pledged to reduce the carbon
intensity of its economy which
essentially means how much carbonate
emits per dollar as its economy grows
and it did that China reduced emissions
per dollar by a massive 46 percent from
2005 to 2007 teen but over that same
period the economy also grew massively
so total emissions grew to by 1.7
percent in 2017 so even though China is
showing it can successfully regulate its
environmental impact it's not enough to
make a dent on a global scale
talk about British football culture an
environmental conscientiousness probably
isn't the first trait that springs to
mind but try telling that to Forest
Green Rovers the aptly named Club has
been based in a tiny English village for
a hundred and twenty nine years for the
last eight
they've been owned by wind power tycoon
Gale Vince who also owns a multi-million
dollar green energy company eco tricity
with his investment the Rovers have won
a place in England's professional
leagues for the first time they've also
become the greenest sports team in the
world and they're completely vegan every
year we reckon about 20% of all of the
electricity we use comes from our own
solar panels and the rest we bring in
from the grid using our own windmills
and solar panels in other parts of the
country so we unab sent powered by green
electricity and about 20% of it is made
here on-site well I would occasionally
call myself a hippie I would say more
than anything else if you're looking for
a label I'm an environmentalist
sometimes people call me a businessman
Erdem like that I think they're smartly
insulting we've got a series of drains
dug across the pitch and we collect the
water that falls on it and we pump it up
into a big tank up in the corner there
and put it back on the pitch laces like
in a motorcycle one of the things we've
done is to take the club vegan and we
are described often as the worst first
or any vegan football club and we did it
for the environment reasons primarily
but of course there are human health
reasons and animal welfare issues behind
to drive to veganism as well and I
personally support all of those first
thing we did was stop the serving and
red meat and that went down you could
say like a lead balloon with some people
it was it was a bit shocking bit
controversial Nietzsche called it a red
meat ban to our players we said look
this is a performance issue serious
athletes then he read me and they took
that on board we've done really well
last season and we were on a vegan diet
around the club so this year is all
about staying in the league and we're
doing a face over when you first sign
here you hear a lot of things about the
club and how it's run takes you awhile
to get used to X is completely different
to any other football club but when
you're here you really take it on board
and you really understand with what he's
trying to do at the end of the day
they're trying to save the world two
seasons ago now we just took the cows
milk away you know and it was a little
bit hard for a couple of people you know
what are we gonna do you know but you
know push comes to shove I say we'll
look to have a beer you know
are you trying to steal my limelight
have you put the timer on fantastic so
what we got here
kept super 8 pickled vegetables and
pickled ginger it's not typical football
food and actually there were there was
some resistance and naturally it's
changed but sales have gone up people
have realized actually are not being
punished you don't get punished a good
pretty good food that's your celebration
of what we've got look at the size that
fire out there you don't need florists
green hungry
well I think the classic stereotype of a
football fan in England is it's going to
be somebody that doesn't eat healthy
food perhaps isn't the most progressive
in their outlook I don't think it's
actually holds true like most
stereotypes and if you look at our fans
talk to our fans you find that actually
once they're introduced to these ideas
around the environment they're very keen
to pick them up and run with them which
is what fans have been doing oh it's
great because we've been coming up about
three or four seasons now and all of a
sudden people know us for the vegetarian
site in the club so it's great for us
club this small to be talked about
around the world is brilliant football
has given us a massive platform and
dreamt of really to talk to people all
around the world we've got fan clubs
springing up in so many different
countries of the world is quite
incredible and these are people that
aren't necessarily football fans but
they are people that are concerned about
the environment and are adopting for a
screen as a football club because what
we stand for off the pitch
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
March 28th
you
