tonight the next teachers strike for ten
years you never got a pay raise
deciphering the trans BAM and gun
violence in black and white
Russian investigators said that there
had been several safety violations at a
mall in Siberia where a fire on Sunday
killed at least sixty four people
including what's believed to be an
entire class of school children the fire
alarm system was silenced and emergency
exits were blocked forcing people to
jump to escape my chat was gonna annual
bullying Bush was legit
authorities have opened a criminal
investigation the family of Stephan
Clark the unarmed black man who
Sacramento police shot 20 times and
killed broke their silence today Davis
who joined the Clark family today are
calling for an independent investigation
into the Sacramento Police Department
they want the records of both officers
involved in the incident to be released
the officers have been put on paid leave
today the State Department announced
that it will expel sixty Russian
diplomats in response to Russia's
alleged poisoning of a former spy and
his daughter in the UK earlier this
month it's part of a coordinated effort
17 new countries and several others made
similar moves in addition to the
removals the US will also close Russia's
consulate in Seattle which the White
House said was because of its proximity
to a submarine base and to Boeing a
major defense contractor the expelled
Russians have seven days to leave the
country for study Lucia would NASA
engineers at America Anusha or Yahshua
to issue a stylus of a seasick American
scheme of machine a Sadiq Mateen the
father of the man who shot and killed 49
people at the pulse nightclub in 2016
was an FBI informant for a decade
leading up to the shooting
that's according to newly filed court
documents in the federal case against
North Salman the wife of the shooter
Omar Mateen Salman is accused of helping
her late husband plan the attack and
obstructing investigations afterward and
could face life in prison
her lawyers asked for a dismissal or
mistrial because the prosecution didn't
disclose her father-in-law's
relationship with the FBI but the judge
denied the request this afternoon the
elder Mateen hasn't commented South
Korea and the u.s. announced they would
renegotiate their trade pact in a
victory for the Trump administration's
new tariff policy on steel and aluminum
Seoul has agreed to reduce steel exports
to the US by about 30 percent and open
its car market to more American vehicles
in exchange South Korea will be exempt
from the White House's metal tariffs the
country is the third largest exporter of
steel to the United States
last month teachers in West Virginia
went on strike to demand a raise and
better benefits and they want teachers
in Oklahoma
save a maybe next they've gone more than
10 years without a raise and after
continual budget cuts their salaries are
the lowest in the country they're giving
Oklahoma legislators one last week to
fix the problem and strike a deal
bonding Green has been teaching pre-k
kindergarten and first grade in Oklahoma
for the past 30 years
she's a devout Christian and
conservative Republican who prides
herself on living modestly so I'm gonna
take you out here to my 11 year old
honda pilot but she's about to do
something she never thought she would do
after three decades of teaching she's
preparing to walk out of her classroom
on April 2nd with an estimated 30,000
other teachers across the state in the
hope of forcing Oklahoma to raise her
pay and restore funding to education my
first year here I got a thousand dollars
just for supplies just for supplies to
add to the classroom this past year was
220 dollars all of this materials right
here are things that I bought out of
myself the record players something that
I purchased myself so I I do a lot of
shopping at garage sales during the
summertime Bonnie says the last time she
got a raise was more than a decade ago
but most of that money was eaten up by a
20% increase in insurance costs now she
and her fellow teachers are demanding a
$10,000 raise for themselves of $5,000
raised for a support staff and a 200
million dollar increase in school
funding so far legislators have not been
able to agree on a solution this problem
has been going on for 10 years why are
you taking action now West Virginia was
probably the catalyst
we decided they can do it you know so
can we
they said enough is enough and that's
what we're gonna say have you ever been
able to save money during your career as
a teacher I would say never more than
maybe three or four thousand dollars and
we might have garage sales to supplement
we might sell off pieces of furniture or
we go buy second-hand everything you
know is about secondhand even the
clothes a lot of times that I would wear
would be second-hand clothes so we
started our day with our coffee and a
few verses
first Corinthians 10:16 because of
health bills we ended up having to file
bankruptcy because we had gotten
ourselves in over $30,000 in debt just
with medical even if the teachers
demands are met Bonnie will struggle to
make ends meet and pay for health care
so last month she decided to dust off
her resume after 30 years and apply for
a second and third job I saw a company
that's been advertised called shipped
I'd go buy the groceries then take them
to the people's homes and deliver it to
them there's another company that I just
applied for and it's called VIP kid so I
would be teaching online children from
Beijing China when would you be doing
that and it's the hours would be from 4
o'clock in the morning to 6 o'clock so
you would be getting up at like 3:30 in
the morning then teaching from 4:00 to
6:00 and then going to teach my kids yes
how are you gonna do it well you can set
your hours so I'd probably be doing
about 15 hours a week and they said that
that's $25 an hour is it common amongst
teachers here in Oklahoma to have a
second or third job yes
teachers will work in places like
Walmart like JC Penney 7-eleven may be
babysitting after school tutoring
anything to help make that paycheck if
there
stretch a little bit more a pay raise
might help teachers going forward but
Bonnie still worries about the damage
that has already been done by ten years
of stagnant wages and funding cuts you
would not want to be working in an
industry that for ten years
you never got to pay rice you know that
you you would walk away from that
industry and you would go to some other
company let's say there is a young
person who comes to you and says I would
love to go into teaching and you know I
want it to be my career could you if
things don't change with teacher
salaries here could you in good faith
tell that person to stay in Oklahoma and
be a teacher no I could not no I would
not this is a walkout this is a school
closure across the whole state that we
are saying you need to look at how much
you're spending and how much you have
cut back on spending in education
education is the future of Oklahoma so
you need to invest in that future
in a tweet storm last July President
Trump announced a blanket ban on
transgender people serving in the
military it was a sharp reversal from
Obama administration policy which
allowed trans people to serve openly for
the first time and required the Pentagon
to pay for transitions the Trump
administration eventually issued a memo
formalizing the president's tweets and
setting last Friday as the deadline for
producing actual guidelines to implement
the ban those guidelines are now public
and they're anything but coherent policy
the memo Trump signed basically endorses
recommendations made by defense
secretary James mattis after he convened
a quote panel of experts to review
available data and research on the issue
maddis wrote in his recommendation that
there are quote substantial risks to
letting some transgender people serve in
the military and I talked to Blake
dreaming an active duty Navy lieutenant
commander who's also transgender about
that we're already here we're already
doing the job we're already deployed
we're already writing contracts being in
the infantry out in the field doing our
jobs every single day with no
demonstrable impact on any sort of
readiness or unit cohesion we have a
medical thing that needs to be treated
and once we're treated we're back in the
field and ready to go Matt assigned off
on a handful of policy changes most of
which hinge on a diagnosis of gender
dysphoria a conflict between your
physical gender and the gender you
identify as the policy carves out an
exemption for a small group of people
who happen to get in at the right time
transgender military personnel who were
receiving medical treatment for gender
dysphoria in other words transitioning
to the gender they identify as before
this new policy change they can continue
serving and they can continue with their
transition for everyone else it's a
different story if you've been diagnosed
with gender dysphoria after joining up
but aren't yet getting treatment you can
still serve
but you won't be allowed to transition
if you were diagnosed with gender
dysphoria before trying to enlist
you're banned unless you've been quote
stable in the sex you were born as for
three years so if you've been living as
the gender you identify as you can
enlist the biggest change for future
recruits it bars any transgender people
who have undergone gender confirmation
surgery in the past or plan to in the
future from enlisting but this policy
isn't going into effect anytime soon
because it was already blocked in the
courts after a handful of LGBTQ rights
organizations challenged the proposal
following Trump's tweets but Blake told
me that doesn't mean transgender people
currently serving aren't feeling the
effects of this administration's 180 a
lot of our soldiers and sailors airmen
and Marines have been confused as to
okay am I going to get med boarded am I
gonna get kicked out and so we've had to
go back and do a lot of Education with
our own service members that know this
memorandum grants you are recommends
that you be grandfathered in and that
you should be safe now if you haven't
come out or you're still in the closet I
recommend that you make that decision
one way or the other fairly fast because
the moment that policy is in place and
the court injunctions are lifted then
you risk your you risk your career by
coming out why do you want to serve in
an organization that just put forth sort
of a policy paper saying that they don't
think you're fit to serve or that you're
not helpful to the organization this
country is bigger than that view our
calling is to serve the nation and the
nation is bigger than the small subset
that would wish us to not serve
the Saudi government said over the
weekend that it intercepted seven
missiles fired from Yemen by Iranian
backed Houthi rebels debris from the
missiles killed at least one person the
war between Saudi Arabia and the Houthis
started three years ago today when a
coalition led by Riyadh and backed by
the u.s. launched a campaign to retake
Yemen's capital Sanaa and undercut
Iran's influence on the Arabian
Peninsula since then at least 10,000
people have been killed and the number
of coalition airstrikes is tick past
15,000 and nearly a third of those have
hit civilian targets vice news got a
rare look at what one of those targets
looks like up close
90 mine who was a llama Johnny cat
effect how did that go we're dead mother
my camera how you
eunetta's home was destroyed in one of
the first air strikes on phenom the
strike hit a Houthi missile Depot
causing a massive glass just 200 yards
from methods doorstep
Wow a cooler name I'm camel a little
rare but yeah another light because a
job just right but missiles 10 kids and
his brothers family chose to stay in
what's left of their home around two and
a half million people have been
displaced because of the conflict his
brother Muhammad has to live with the
daily reminder of what he lost
Ramsey his 14 year old son was home
alone when the bomb fell he was among
dozens of others also killed
all the massage suffered a stroke right
after he found out about his son he's
been paralyzed ever since Yemenis like
the massage are caught in a proxy war
between Iran and Saudi Arabia the Saudis
are hoping to force the Houthis out of
Sanaa and install a more Pro Riyadh
government but the Houthis are dug in
which means the airstrikes are certain
to keep coming sana Hotel birthday an
emergency and Morocco column
jerison alhamdulillah honey
fellas Santana from the masturbation we
have in a low ball game a lot of young
fan of Anna Baba like an uneasy live -
outside Chicago I have to think about
gun violence I don't worry about people
coming up to shoot of my school and I'm
more scared of traveling from school to
home and vice versa a lot of shootings I
hear gunshots all the time I mean you
hear like gunshots make sure you're not
by window mushy like stay low that's
just common sense to us no one would
ever try to help us they feel as if
we're black kids meaning that we're
we're ghetto we're ignorant
we're causing the problem they don't see
us trying to fix the problem we want to
formulate a message how are we gonna
come back go - I want us to say the same
thing but first we got to figure out how
violence exists to us in our minds not
to know whether you've group not to
nobody else but to brave brave stands
for bold resistance against violence
everywhere and we are at violence
prevention huge program
I'm just had a beer
scared to do whatever I feel like ah I
should be allowed to do with Tina's like
I'm gonna go outside I'm gonna go walk
around my neighborhood skill feel happy
like you can't do that because you
scared like you just got fit right you
feel like you fully is prison whether
it's a prison without bars honestly if
the shooting never would have been at
parkland do you think we would be
marching in DC on Saturday
I don't feel jealous about how the
Parkland kids sparked up the movement it
wouldn't have happened in Chicago
between gangs shootings and school
students I think that the problem is
similar because the problem is the easy
access to guns meeting students
participated in the March from different
parts of the country I think that I'll
get to understand their background and
where they're coming from you know
because we go to two different types of
violence but I would hope that they
would understand how much we go through
here and help the head dealers
I am experiencing so many emotions right
now I'm happy I'm excited I'm nervous
anxious
I really see how this all over now
okay I want to remind everybody while
we're here while this is I get away from
Chicago we're here to try to accomplish
something so we're not just the
representations of ourselves we have a
cessation of Chicago so remember stay on
your best behaviour there y'all game
have fun and enjoy the moment in the
past nothing has really worked out
unless you've got up and did something
about it it's a lot that adults can't do
I want to start off with a chant
everybody repeat after me every day
shootings every day my name is Giovanna
Bosley and I'm here with the brave youth
leaders of safe survivor and I'm here to
speak on behalf of Chicago's yoo-hoo ice
around it and affected by gun violence
every day
I'm here to speak for those Chicago you
can feel their voices have been silenced
for far too long
since Chicago represented on a national
stage was really great because usually
we are just seen as the bass city that
causes the most trouble and you see all
those people supporting us I really
scented by us was really great
we're making a statement and I feel like
now the politicians have no choice but
to listen to us my memory of Brown began
in the fall of 1950 in the quiet Kansas
town of Topeka where a mild-mannered
black man took his pop seven-year-old
daughter by the hand and walked briskly
four blocks from their home to the
all-white school and tried without
success to enroll his child the child of
whom I speak was I Linda Carol Browner
yep get out
my mom would not like that at all
I thought it was a really good solo the
sort of moment when you go like okay now
you're merely showing off never happened
I did I didn't expect it to go jazz wise
I thought it was gonna stay in kind of
more the soft rock style I'm not going
to say it but I have a guess who that is
Stone Temple Pilots wait I don't I don't
know Oh anything about this band
wait clearly I don't either that's
surprising
is that Rob Halfords voice he's got like
a 12 let's call it 14 knocked of range
nothing but power a little disconnect to
me about hearing a song so defiant but
recorded that christine lee and just
that little dejar like lick that comes
in after the first line it's just so
tasteful and then yep that was either
Stone Temple Pilots or Judas Priest I
can't decide which one it really is a
very awkward position because people
work extremely hard on what they do and
to like sit in judgment of it it's
probably not something that I would put
on
I enjoy a screaming voice screaming the
town's joyful there should be more of
that in general in music I think it's
Alice bag Wow
also current far-out killer here a lot
of music out there we're not aware of
yeah that's vice news tonight for Monday
March 26th
you
