tonight gun control goes to the States
fake news in Kenya and turning down the
big labels the Syrian government moved
closer to retaking one of the country's
last rebel held territories today after
evacuating thousands of rebel fighters
and their families from a town in
eastern Bhutan part of a new deal
brokered by Russia which also included
prisoner exchanges the families were
bused to admit another one of Syria's
few remaining opposition-held enclaves
Eastern hooda has been under siege for
more than a month at least 1200 people
have been killed tens of thousands of
striking public sector employees staged
nearly 200 separate protests across
France today
seriously disrupting schools flights and
other state services the workers are
opposed to President Emmanuel macron
economic plan which would slash the
number of public jobs by more than a
hundred thousand and reduced some
retirement benefits the demonstrations
were mainly peaceful but scuffles broke
out in Paris and Nantes prompting police
to throw tear gas and makes a
the US has dropped assault charges
against 11 of Turkish president reg of
ty of Iran's bodyguards 15 of them were
indicted after a bloody fight in DC last
May when they beat up anti Turkey
protestors unprovoked the bras sent at
least nine demonstrators to the hospital
it's unclear why the charges were
dropped but the indictments had strained
relations between the u.s. and Turkey a
critical ally in the Middle East assault
charges are still pending against four
of the bodyguards John down one of the
lawyers representing President Trump in
the special councils Russia
investigation resigned today doubt
joined the president's legal team less
than a year ago and according to the New
York Times decided to step down because
the president was ignoring his legal
advice Dowd advocated for cooperation
with Robert Mulder's team Trump instead
has taken a more aggressive approach
accusing Muller of leading a witch-hunt
and stacking his team with Democrats and
Clinton supporters but Trump has also
said that he's willing to meet with
Muller and he reiterated that today
john bolton will be the trump
administration's next national security
adviser replacing general HR McMaster
who's retiring from the military Bolton
is a hard-line neoconservative known for
being the most hawkish member of the
Bush administration and for his hatred
of the United Nations where he served as
ambassador President Bush's top ethics
adviser Richard painter tweeted last
week that Bolton was quote the most
dangerous man we had and that is
selection for a national security
adviser quote must be stopped at all
costs McMaster isn't the only member of
the foreign policy team making an exit
outgoing Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson gave his farewell speech at
the State Department today after just 14
months on the job this can be a very
mean-spirited town
for what purpose does the gentlewoman
from Texas seek recognition
consent to address the house for one
minute
Congress moved closer today toward
passing an omnibus spending bill to keep
the government running for another six
months the deal includes two very small
changes to American gun law it
incorporates the fixed NICs bill which
would encourage states to improve their
reporting to the national background
check system and it includes language
allowing the CDC to study gun violence
bigger reforms don't have a shot at
passing in DC so activists are trying to
apply pressure where it has a better
chance of being felt in their states
Tom Mauser has become a sort of regular
in the Colorado Capitol okay let's see
what's going on in here another member
of our club for the past 19 years he's
been advocating for tougher gun
restrictions oh thanks thanks he's
testifying in front of Colorado
legislators debating to gun bills one
that would ban bump stocks the devices
that allow semi-automatic weapons to
fire faster and one that would repeal a
ban on high-capacity magazines where
we've made progress has been in the
states at the state level where the gun
lobby can't be quite as strong armed as
they can in Washington what makes
fighting on the state level easier than
tackling all this at a national you know
I think one of the things that makes it
different is that when you have people
from that state testifying at the state
legislature and really personalizing it
that makes a difference is there
anything different about the atmosphere
right now post parkland after having
done this for 19 years I've seen how
things slip and we just go back in the
same old ways but I really feel an
energy here that I think could really
make a difference if they stick to it
this is their issue the same as you know
for my generation it was Vietnam you
know we had to speak out about Vietnam
and we did you know in a big way it's
personal for mowzer because his son
Daniel was one of 13 people killed at
Columbine High School in 1999 mass
shootings like Parkland which claimed
the lives of 17 just over a month ago
are painful reminders of his own loss it
it hits you each time this one was
difficult because of the video
that's the same kind of thing that we
saw at Columbine students running with
their arms up in the air the tearful
reunions between parents and kids that
got out it takes you back and it also
gets you pretty damn mad it's 19 years
later and what have we done to stop this
what have we done to stop this we
appreciate you being here
reigning for Senate bill 51 please
present your bill Mauser has a few
allies after every shooting new people
come to the Capitol ready to tell their
stories over time they become a group
brought together from their shared
experiences Tom Sullivan lost his
teenage son in the 2012 mass shooting at
a movie theater in nearby Aurora that
killed 12 people there are dead bodies
lying here this is this is what happens
when someone has one of these bump
stalks attached to it we don't need that
in the streets of Denver in the in the
towns of Colorado are you Jane Dorothy I
am oh great my reason for supporting
this fan is very personal my sister Mary
sherlach
was murdered at Sandy Hook along with 20
little children and five other educators
with the use of a dangerous weapon the
ar-15 rifle now used by many mass
shooters along with high-velocity
bullets you connect with other people
who had terrible losses a severe loss
and grief you you share that same
feeling five days from now there will be
thousands of young people right out here
marching for their lives and asking what
is being done to protect them as it's
common thing that said in this field is
you belong to a club a club to which
nobody else wants to belong
but once you're gonna you cannot break
those bonds you cannot break those bonds
though that picture of that killing
field that doesn't look like freedom to
any nuts everyone is gonna know somebody
that's been touched by gun violence what
challenges are you up against in
Colorado there are certain certainly
some people the more extreme gun rights
people who feel that you know I am
dancing on my son's grave trying to take
their guns away and who think that oh
emotions shouldn't be part of this
discussion but really what we're dealing
with is common sense most people in this
country support the right to bear arms
and they also support the need to have
limits on those rights
most people are there what we're really
trying to do is get our political
leaders to agree to join us there in the
middle in a state known for its second
amendment support Mauser and other
survivors have had more losses than wins
in the years after Columbine advocates
push through just a handful of
restrictions they thought their chances
might be better this year but pro-gun
lawmakers like Patrick Neville didn't
budge he's a Columbine survivor too on
the complete opposite end of the
spectrum every year since 2014 he's
introduced legislation to give teachers
conceal and carry rights well I think if
you actually look at specifically my
bill I think that would actually stop
this from happening every circumstance
you look at if we actually allow good
people to defend our students that
actually prevents it or stops it early
and I think we need to move in that
direction because my circumstance I can
tell you a Columbine the shooters obtain
their weapons illegally they were in the
middle of an assault weapons ban and
everything being discussed other than
actually ending the gun-free zones
wouldn't have stopped calm when from
happening do you think that the tide is
moving with all the national level
conversation right now to ward more gun
restriction no I think it's moving more
towards actually letting good people
defenders
students and her classrooms they see it
the proof is there that this actually
works when you actually have resource
officers and can get people that are
allowed to protect our students it
prevents these why can't we have a
second amendment with some reasonable
compromises attached I'm not seeing any
sort of willingness to compromise
you don't mean I've seen a politician do
and I've seen a lot of dumb
politicians because Mauser Doherty
and Sullivan lost on both fronts no and
Senate bill 51 is lost
senator Sonnenberg thank you madam chair
I move to postpone indefinitely by
reversing rule for Senator quick we have
to publicize the three legislators care
that have prevented you know something
that seventy seventy nine percent of
Coloradans watch yeah and that they are
the ones that stopped it different years
after Columbine what continues to
motivate you that's the fact that we
haven't taken care of this problem we
have a long way to go still
Kenya's disputed election last year gave
way to violent protests and cost at
least 33 people their lives then just
two weeks ago following months of
bitterness president Uhuru Kenyatta
and his rival opposition leader rila
Odinga made peace
but now revelations about Cambridge
analytic --is alleged role in Kenya's
election risk turning things upside down
just ahead of Kenya's election last
August Facebook did something unusual it
took out a full-page ad warning citizens
about the spread of fake news surveys
that summer had already indicated it was
a problem for a majority of Kenyans
during the presidential campaign and on
social media voters saw plenty of attack
ads against opposition candidate Raila
Odinga even today no one knows for sure
where these ads came from Cambridge
analytic AHA's denied promoting quote
negative content in the election but
footage from the British channel 4
investigation is raising questions about
the firm's role in the vote and what you
have done in Kenya we have rebranded the
entire party twice written their
manifesto done two rounds of 50,000 so
certain amounts of research analysis
messaging I think would rise all the
speeches and we'd staged the whole thing
so just about every element of his
campaign now campaign officials for rila
Odinga are asking President Kenyatta as
political party how deep Cambridge
analytic --is involvement goes I think
there is every reason for Kenyans to be
outraged because we have been treated to
a charade in the form of an election
have dared them to make public the
contract that they entered into the camp
with analytical so that we can look at
the veracity of that contract what were
the terms of reference and the degree or
length of participation of camp regional
itical in the Kenyan election
Cambridge analytic told vice news that
it rejects allegations that it quote
conducted a negative media campaign in
the recent Kenyan election and that it
quote did not promote any fabricated
news stories for Kenyatta's part
his spokesman maintains that the
campaign didn't have a direct
relationship with Cambridge analytical
and downplayed data mining as an
American issue this is something to do
with Trump did something to do with the
brexit for us in this particular
environment it is a non-issue for us
mining data from say Facebook to
determine how say for example people
will actually vote based on
psychoanalysis information that has been
gleaned from Facebook is kind of
far-fetched but in Kenya the Internet
reaches lots of people at least
two-thirds of the population according
to one study last year and the number of
Facebook users there is growing
what worries some experts is the lack of
regulations on how people's data can be
used so because Kenya has no data
protection laws it means that companies
like Cambridge analytical could have
been gathering any kind of information
with no limitation and no safeguards
Kenyan citizens can't exercise the
rights that they would have if data
protection was there such as asking the
companies to tell them what data has
been collected perdón says the problem
could be compounded in countries like
Kenya where ethnic conflicts have turned
deadly the country has a history of
political violence and very tense
elections that have been run along
ethnic lines the kind of intensive data
analytics and data gathering that a
company like Cambridge analytical does
is actually untested ground that's very
risky
President Trump today announced 50
billion in new tariffs against China
citing rampant Chinese intellectual
property violations and theft of trade
secrets this new round of tariffs comes
one day before Trump's steel and
aluminum tariffs announced early this
month go into effect together these
could be the first salvos in a global
trade award one Trump says he's
confident American Quinn it's gonna make
us a much stronger much richer nation
but no one really knows how to open a
trade war because no American president
has engaged in a significant one for
nearly a century in 1930 just months
after the onset of the Great Depression
Herbert Hoover signed what we now called
the smoot-hawley Tariff Act it imposed
tariffs on roughly 20,000 imported goods
a coalition led by Canada retaliated
that hurt US exports which were already
weakened by the depression senator Smoot
representative Hawley and President
Hoover all lost their bids for
re-election in 1932 and smoot-hawley was
repealed in 1934 but not before it was
blamed for deepening the depression
creating long-lasting commercial ties
between Europe and the Soviet Union and
contributing to the rise of global
fascism other presidents have taken a
more targeted approach to tariffs
George W Bush imposed a 30% tax on
foreign steel in 2002 but even that
limited approach caused problems
European Union filed unfair trade
charges against the US with the World
Trade Organization and was authorized to
exact two billion dollars in retaliatory
measures Bush dropped the tariffs in
2003 claiming victory even though
studies suggest his tariffs may have
cost the u.s. 200-thousand steel related
jobs 15 years later trade with China is
still a challenge last year the u.s.
imported 375 billion dollars more in
goods from China than it exported to
China in a recent report says Chinese
counterfeit goods pirated software and
stolen trade secrets cost the u.s. up to
600 billion dollars a year this is what
Trump's administration thinks can be
changed with tariffs there are some
areas that you just have to protect
yourself from they're not going to
change their attitude on these things
but we can at least be in a position
where US industry isn't wiped out
because of it and if we don't do that
then shame on us it's too early to know
the consequences of Trump's actions but
China is almost certain to retaliate
China could cut off or restrict imports
of american-made planes cars and
financial services American farmers are
also likely to be a big loser which
would not just harm the American economy
but karma and place is crucial to
Trump's reelection there's already been
quite a bit of pushback among his space
on the steel tariffs because a higher
price of steel is going to have a
negative impact on a lot more jobs than
can possibly be saved in the steel
industry farmers are very worried the
Chinese retaliation will be focused on
agriculture the other thing is if they
try to avoid the technology products
then you're gonna have to go after
clothing and footwear and a very large
share of US consumption particularly
among low-income people is the footwear
in clothing Walmart's and so forth and
if the prices of those things all go up
25% I think the Trump base is going to
recognize that and I think the reactions
that will be negative
last year 22 year old R&B singer Brent
fiies caught a break he was featured on
the song crew which ended up getting 67
million YouTube views and a Grammy
nomination a record deal would seem like
the logical next step and all the big
labels Atlantic Interscope and epic
offered one but Brent and his manager
turned them down
what were they offering well I know the
highest offer we got was kind of like a
quarter minute I'll advance and it was
like a $300,000 recording budget before
Apple won
I always said it was never about the
money it was always about the terms I
look at everything from 100% of a pot so
when people say what industry standard
for a new artist is 18 percent royalty
and they're gonna say 18 percent royalty
is very high and I'm thinking to myself
I'm like 18 percent out of a hundred
what are you doing in 82 percent of our
music you know me like it's tough just
don't make no sense
for instance I are comfortable with
trading more work for more control so
comfortable that they broke the music
industry taboo against opening their
books and showed us what they make and
how they make it it's bound to happen
they began by incorporating lost kids
LLC and investing thirty thousand
dollars out of their own pockets to
record Brent's debut album they then
went on a three-month tour using
streaming data to guide the way chance
the rapper brands and ty were inspired
by chance the rapper and his partner Pat
the manager Corcoran who found wealth
and acclaim on their own terms it's
something music attorney Richard Grable
has seen much more of over the past two
years instead of looking for deals
artists come to him for advice on how to
avoid labels streaming changed
everything you can be a moderately
successful indie artist having a couple
of hundred thousand streams on each
track you're not going to make much
money from that but at that level if
things break the right way you can play
large clubs and small theaters and make
money
artists have to be smarter and they they
have to tour more and they have to do
more to keep making sure that the fans
come and that they not only pay for a
ticket but you know buy a t-shirt yeah
definitely we need to know about our
analytics our death
there has been several babies deaths
file community Pandora
in January Brent made twenty five
thousand three hundred and fifty dollars
from streaming in Spotify and Apple
music which pay out point zero zero
three five of the dollars and point zero
seven one of the dollar respectively tie
mines the data for those streams to find
out exactly where and when a show will
sellout spending roughly eighteen
dollars a day on ads targeted to those
areas the data tells me what a demand is
in the market so I just know in certain
markets how screaming correlates to like
how many tickets out potentially can
sell I'm looking at my Spotify and my
soundcloud analytics like the top 50
markets so I'm doing a spaced on those
top two the markets I will spend the
money there because that's what the data
are returned Spotify data not only
highlights basic fan metrics but it also
tells artists specifically where their
super fans are these are fans that have
streamed the artists music for 45 days
in a row
Spotify targets time with updates about
upcoming shows and ticket pre-sales and
turns all of this data over to the
artist for free in Philadelphia
brett has thirteen thousand six hundred
listeners in three thousand one hundred
and eighty six superfans ty use those
numbers to sell out the venue and earn
almost four thousand dollars and in
Baltimore there were ten thousand
listeners and 5743 superfans that turned
into five thousand dollars
after 17 tour stops and royalties from
song placements they walk away with
around $30,000 a month ty takes 20%
after the data showed him there were
strong fan bases in Europe ty was able
to extend the tour and sellout stops in
London Paris and Berlin I didn't want to
be in D you know I mean it was like I
really wanted to come out like stuntin
long you just put like the indie route
kind of showing me I'm impressed by what
chance and Pat was able to create so for
me I'm a competitor so when I see that
we can do this and put up points on the
board and get nominated for Grammy and
be a part of those type of records I'm
impressed by that
you know
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
March 22nd
you
you
