for what purpose does the gentlewoman
from Texas seek recognition yes her name
is consent to address the house for one
minute
Congress moved closer today toward
passing an omnibus spending bill to keep
the government running for another six
months the deal includes two very small
changes to American gun law it
incorporates the fixed NICs bill which
would encourage States to improve their
reporting to the national background
check system and it includes language
allowing the CDC to study gun violence
bigger reforms don't have a shot at
passing in DC so activists are trying to
apply pressure where it has a better
chance of being felt in their states
Tom Mauser has become a sort of regular
in the Colorado Capitol okay let's see
what's going on in here good another
member of our club for the past 19 years
he's been advocating for tougher gun
restrictions oh thanks thanks he's
testifying in front of Colorado
legislators debating to gun bills one
that would ban bump stocks the devices
that allow semi-automatic weapons to
fire faster and one that would repeal a
ban on high-capacity magazines where
we've made progress has been in the
states at the state level where the gun
lobby can't be quite as strong armed as
they can in Washington
what makes fighting on the state level
easier than tackling all this at a
national you know I think one of the
things that makes it different is that
when you have people from that state
testifying at the state legislature and
really personalizing it that makes a
difference is there anything different
about the atmosphere right now post
parkland
after having done this for 19 years I've
seen how things slip and we just go back
in the same old ways but I really feel
an energy here that I think could really
make a difference if they stick to it
this is their issue the same as you know
from my generation it was Vietnam you
know we had to speak out about Vietnam
and we did you know in a big way it's
personal for mowzer because his son
Daniel was one of 13 people killed at
Columbine High School in 1999 mass
shootings like Parkland which claimed
the lives of 17 just over a month ago
are painful reminders of his own loss it
it hits you each time this one was
difficult because of the video
if that's the same kind of thing that we
saw at Columbine students running with
their arms up in the air the tearful
reunions between parents and kids that
got out it takes you back and it also
gets you pretty damn mad it's 19 years
later and what have we done to stop this
what have we done to stop this we
appreciate you being here
bringing forth suit bill 51 please
present your available Mauser has a few
allies after every shooting new people
come to the capital ready to tell their
stories over time they become a group
brought together from their shared
experiences Tom Sullivan lost his
teenage son in the 2012 mass shooting at
a movie theater in nearby Aurora that
killed 12 people there are dead bodies
lying here this is this is what happens
when someone has one of these bump
stalks attached to it we don't need that
in the in the streets of Denver in the
in the towns of Colorado are you Jane
Dorothy I am oh great my reason for
supporting this ban is very personal my
sister Mary sherlach was murdered at
Sandy Hook along with 20 little children
and five other educators with the use of
the dangerous weapon the ar-15 rifle now
used by many mass shooters along with
high-velocity bullets you connect with
other people who had terrible losses we
come from this place of fear loss and
grief you you share that same feeling
five days from now there will be
thousands of young people right out here
marching for their lives and asking what
is being done to protect them as it's
common thing that said in this field is
you belong to a club a club to which
nobody else wants to belong
but once you're in it you cannot break
those bonds you cannot break those bonds
though that picture of that killing
field that doesn't look like freedom to
any of us right
everyone is gonna know somebody that's
been touched by gun violence what
challenges are you up against in
Colorado there are certain certainly
some people the more extreme gun rights
people who feel that you know I'm
dancing on my son's grave trying to take
their guns away and who think that oh
emotions shouldn't be part of this
discussion but really what we're dealing
with is common sense most people in this
country support the right to bear arms
and they also support the need to have
limits on those rights
most people are there what we were
trying to do is get our political
leaders to agree to join us there in the
middle in a state known for its second
amendment support Mauser and other
survivors have had more losses than wins
in the years after Columbine advocates
pushed through just a handful of
restrictions they thought their chances
might be better this year but pro-gun
lawmakers like Patrick Neville didn't
budge he's a Columbine survivor too on
the complete opposite end of the
spectrum every year since 2014 he's
introduced legislation to give teachers
conceal and carry rights well I think if
you actually look at specifically my
bill I think that would actually stop
this from happening every circumstance
you look at if we actually allow good
people to defend our students that
actually prevents it or stops it early
and I think we need to move in that
direction because my circumstance I can
tell you a Columbine the shooters
obtained their weapons illegally they
were in the middle of an assault weapons
ban and everything being discussed other
than actually ending the gun-free zones
wouldn't have stopped calm when from
happening do you think that the tide is
moving with all the national level
conversation right now to Ward more gun
restriction no I think it's moving more
towards actually letting good people
defend their students in her classrooms
they see it
the proof is there that this actually
works when you actually have resource
officers and can get people that are
allowed to protect our students and
prevents these why can't we have a
second amendment with some reasonable
compromises attached I'm not seeing any
sort of willingness to compromise
 dumbest thing I've seen a
politician do and I seen a lot of
 dumb politicians
fast because too many kids are dying in
too many schools I know and Senate bill
51 is lost
senator Sonnenberg mowzer Doherty in
Sullivan lost on both fronts we have to
publicize the three legislators right
there that have prevented you know
something that seventeen seventy nine
percent of Colorado's watch and that
they are the ones that stopped it
different years after Columbine what
continues to motivate you that's the
fact that we haven't taken care of this
problem we have a long way to go still
you
