Facebook and Alex Stamos its chief
information security officer our parting
ways the departure comes on the same day
that Facebook said that it's
investigating whether it allowed a data
company called Cambridge analytical to
access and allegedly keep data profiles
of 50 million users former Trump adviser
Steve Bannon sat on Cambridge analytic
ha's board and the Trump campaign ended
up paying the company nearly six million
dollars but before CA could land that
contract it had to show that its voter
profiling model worked on a mass scale
and to do that it needed an epic bundle
of data vice news spoke to the
whistleblower who made it all happen my
name is Christopher Wylie I'm a data
scientist and I helped set up cameras
analytic I when's the abandon wanted to
build an arsenal of weapons for his
culture war he liked the idea of working
with a company that has lots of military
clients fundamentally white Cambridge
analytical wise was the transposition of
military style information operations
and propaganda to a an American
political consultancy so that it can
create a web of disinformation on
Facebook and other platforms some people
would say watching this is basic data
analysis Obama did it Hillary Clinton's
the different saying this is the
difference
first of all Obama didn't win because of
of disinformation the fundamental
difference between standard political
targeting and information operations is
this idea of informational dominance I
inject my messaging in all the streams
of information around my target so that
they start to think they start to
perceive things that aren't necessarily
true but in their mind it is and they go
and behave in a particular way that I've
led them to so that I can exploit that
vulnerability the premise of of
Cambridge analytic app is to warp
people's perceptions to gain an
objective in a statement today
Cambridge analytic has said it's deleted
all the data and that it didn't use the
data or personality targeting and it's
work for Trump where is all that dates
now I don't know you have to ask camera
channel Innoko but did Facebook contact
you and asked you to delete it yeah
Facebook asked me to sign a forum which
I did I filled it I just like put in
your name and check a box and then sign
it saying what that I promise to delete
or destroy the all the data that was in
and did you delete all the data yeah in
its own statements Facebook said it's
conducting an audit to determine what
happened with the data what is Facebook
referring to when it says that several
days ago we received reports that
contrary to the certifications we were
given not all data was deleted you know
what that's about
ask do you general that occur what this
is the thing that's really frustrating
me right now is everybody's asking me
this I'm the one putting it out and
saying hey guys let's investigate this
matter and for some reason I'm the one
that's being questioned if your other
than Cambridge I don't think that you'll
have insights oh you'll be able to do
that I've offered and I've offered and
offered and offered to help Facebook
they turn around and without telling me
banned me from their system after they
realized that I was going public about
this matter why do you think they've
taken such a strong response I don't
know
I think they claim that is for the
security of their users but like banning
me on Instagram so that I can't see like
well-curated avocado toast isn't really
going to help the security of the
platform I'm sorry Facebook it's silly
I'm here willing to talk it but but but
but punishing me for being a
whistleblower is not appropriate
you
