I wasn't really in the community
especially while I was using the opiates
percocet specifically I had gotten so
deep with them I could just feel the
stares on me when I was using and I kind
of kind of lost her for a while with the
culture
Gabe Stuart lives on a small island
reservation with 800 other members of
the Penobscot nation in the heart of me
a state hit hard by the opioid crisis he
spent the last year and a half in a
special tribal court program that takes
an unconventional approach to helping
criminal drug offenders overcome
addiction morning we're on record in
Rob's cotton nation wellness court the
healing to wellness Court is different
from other drug courts it was designed
to meet the unique needs of the
Penobscot nation which like many Native
American communities struggles with
issues related to substance abuse
most of the major crimes that are
committed on the reserves involve
substance use or abuse as with other
drug courts the Wellness Court gives
offenders a path to having their charges
dismissed but it places special emphasis
on reintegrating addicts back into their
community by including them in Penobscot
cultural practices and traditions when I
first came in we were wrestling with an
Anglo style court people sat two tables
prosecutor sat at a table public
defender side of the table that's not
relevant to the community the circle is
relevant to the community we took the
tables out move them aside and had
individuals sit in a circle we started
to include the participants speaking and
as you see they have some of the most
amazing insights to offer with every
bump in the road that you've hit your
attitude you've just been like perfect
my attitude was just half as good as
yours when I came in I probably would
still wouldn't be here I definitely
still won't be here so proud of you and
anytime you need anything just ask
because we want to see you succeed one
of the ideas I had was to add the
cultural and historic program we've done
basket-making
sweet grass picking we hosts sweats
last night we had a sweat launch
ceremony so I don't know if it was the
heat mixed with like the drumming I
don't know why but the drum it just
connects with me I can feel it no matter
how far away from it I am by doing
things in the community people see
somebody actively engaged and it kind of
changes the perception that you know
people can change
well the opioid crisis has ravaged the
country rural indigenous communities
have been hit the hardest between 1999
and 2015 overdose deaths for rural
Native Americans have increased more
than five hundred percent compared to a
211 percent increase nationally we all
know that there's trauma underlying why
this is happening and why these
behaviors are coming out there's
historical and there's personal I went
from using maybe once or twice
throughout the week to roughly every day
which became multiple times a day I had
to turn somewhere for money that I
didn't have my grandparents I was
actually pretty much dealing most of
what I stole from them they decided that
enough was enough and that they needed
to press charges when people are
struggling with addiction they have
these crimes there's this perception
within the community of not maybe being
welcomed or part of it and nobody should
have to feel like that more than
1-hundred wellness courts operate in
tribes across 26 states that use native
practices to help people with addiction
make a cultural recovery which can be
more effective than traditional
treatment alone in the Penobscot court
if a participant successfully completes
the intensive program their criminal
cases are dismissed
Gabe first came in he was one of those
individuals wore the hoodie up head down
I go please remove your hood
and there'd be time for he wouldn't even
speak I just I pushed back definitely
with the meetings with them that was one
of my biggest problems so like their
support and their acceptance of all the
stuff that I was going through and the
fact that no matter how pissed off I got
at them they still stayed by my side I
haven't had a lot of that in my life
individuals who are in the throes of
addiction often feel alienated community
doesn't want them anymore
as I started to rebuild that community
individuals start to feel like they
belong again as his mother of all the
accomplishments have seen him go through
this is my proudest moment it makes me
so happy to see that you've stepped back
up into your place in the community at
Penobscot we've been running this
program for five years we've only had
one person ended up back in jail now
we've had some people fail out but if
they complete this program they're not
likely to end up back in jail I think we
have one thing we have to do from a
legal perspective your honor this time I
would like to file a motion every motion
to dismiss the charges against keep what
withdraws a guilty plea is there any
objection to the motion to dismiss no
objection the matters are all dismissed
and it gives me great pleasure to do so
congratulations everybody no community
can see the difference in me I feel like
I'm a part of a whole not so much just
alone in the world
you
