last month New York's police officers
union reportedly slashed the number of
courtesy cards cops get the so called
get-out-of-jail-free cards sound like an
urban myth but they're real basically a
fringe benefit for cops are they really
a free pass for bad behavior so police
courtesy cards often time is given out
by police officers to family members and
friends and the idea is that it's a
signal to officer this individual in the
future New York people with their names
written on the back it said his name and
then my name and then please extend all
courtesies the only time I've actually
used the card was when I was driving in
Manhattan for a job and I was on Canal
Street and I made an illegal left
immediately I got pulled over by an
undercover cop I always keep my PBA card
directly behind my license and it was
handed over to him it's like one unit he
looks at the back and sees that my uncle
is a Nassau County police officer and
that so he called him and said hey I'm
not gonna give him the ticket I'm gonna
let him off this time he handed me back
my license and me back my PBA card and I
put it in my wallet and I drove away and
parked the car I've did 13 years in the
New York City Police Department I can
tell you now from inside experience they
don't have a clue that how many cause it
printed because they're not see realized
they don't inventory the cards he's give
them out these girls all the way up the
ranks all the way to the police
commissioner's office where he may not
give out Union cars for example but they
give up walking track so it's almost the
same principle
I never give them out because you never
know what people do outside of your
presence and I never want my name to be
affiliated with anything remotely close
to improper conduct so I never forgave
my
you
