tonight sitting out the Russian election
get-out-of-jail-free cards from cops and
chipping away at Bank regulations
I'm not wearing camera-ready pants
police in Austin Texas say three
explosions contained in packages are
linked today a 75 year old woman was
badly injured and left in critical
condition earlier this morning a 17 year
old boy was killed and a 40 year old
woman was injured by one of the devices
in ten days ago a packaged explosion
killed a 39 year old man in all three
instances the packages were left on the
doorsteps of city residents none were
believed to be delivered by the Postal
Service the first two were placed at the
homes of African Americans the third
victim was Hispanic
police haven't ruled out the possibility
of a hate crime at least 49 people died
and more than 20 were injured after a
plane crashed at an airport in Kathmandu
Nepal the passenger plane was coming in
for a landing when it skidded off the
runway into a field and caught fire 71
people including four crew members were
on board the flight that was arriving
from Dhaka Bangladesh the cause of the
crash is under investigation British
Prime Minister Theresa May says it's
highly likely Russia is responsible for
the poisoning of former double agent
Sergey skree Paul and his daughter
they're still in critical condition May
said they were poisoned by a type of
military-grade nerve agent that Russia
has developed either this was a direct
act by the Russian State against our
country or the Russian government lost
control of its potentially catastrophic
ly damaging nerve agent and allowed it
to get into the hands of others earlier
today Russian President Vladimir Putin
said British authorities should first
quote get to the bottom of things then
we'll discuss
the vice news investigation shows what
looks like the early stages of an ethnic
cleansing campaign in the eastern part
of the Democratic Republic of Congo
conversations with more than 80
officials activists community leaders
and displays people reveal evidence of
targeted violence against the Hema
community by the ylenne do people
victims told vice news about raids by
ethnic Glen do men armed with machetes
bows and arrows axes and in some cases
firearms some analysts say the attacks
are similar to what happened during the
brutal ethnic war between 1998 and 2003
but leaders of both communities dispute
that and say that this time the fighting
is politically motivated the Republican
members of the House Intelligence
Committee issued a summary today of a
soon to be released report announcing
they hadn't found any evidence of
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia and that while Russia did
interfere with the election it didn't do
so with the goal of helping Trump win
Representative Michael Conaway of Texas
said the report would be given to
Democrats tomorrow so they can comment
on it
the committee's ranking Democrat
representative Adam Schiff said his
Republican colleagues quote placed the
interests of protecting the president
over protecting the country
Alexei Navalny ought to be one of the
leading challengers to President Putin
in Russia's elections this weekend
instead Navalny is barred from running
his political party remains uncertified
and Putin is polling at 70% since the
only real question is how much Putin
will win by the Navalny camp is fighting
for any leverage that can get the Alexei
Navalny presidential campaign may not
have a candidate but it's still
campaigning Brazil a grandma cotton
kinda in the middle f2g lunch enough
Ruslan Chevette enough is a regular on
the one√≠s YouTube channel which can
reach hundreds of thousands of followers
a week was pretty nasty political the
best of crispy rice in a nipple is
92-foot bluffing but is I mean nearly
gets you minute now he in the campaigns
400 employees are urging supporters to
boycott Sunday's presidential election
can a boycott really have any actual
impact on this election I mean Putin's
going to win kind of time solution by
cotton emotion debates in the DTV item
original Vladimir Putin is Nagaraju
Thomson Iran has been positioned just a
little bit absolutely no business you
want to have some impact on Putin even
if it doesn't change the actual result
his name is Jamie Varner vitami Johnson
toaster boy is fortissimo planning he's
personal president
it's not a totally symbolic gesture the
2018 presidential campaign has been a
subdued affair with no meaningful
competition
the election is hardly registered in the
streets of Moscow but the Kremlin does
want a high turnout at least 70 percent
of the country supporters of the
president have turned to booster parties
like this one at a Moscow skating rink
over the weekend to gin up enthusiasm is
the fact that it's a Putin thing is that
part of why you came or not okay to shop
I mean are you supporters of Putin Putin
a tax cut abortion iacovone ashes
trepidation at my left good cough is one
of the last independent posters in
Russia Luda Pristina milestone a nice
new suit was put in this alternative
knife Agora
yes teachers which anniversa now we see
Lady Elizabeth abou stop infinity the
ordinate MC Meade is the present of
technical Daniela Kaka desde hace be
specific cuts other words my problem no
panel Malaysia to me Africa does not
match the meniscus of say presidents
k-member
Navalny party officials are also worried
about inflated numbers the rolling out
teams of volunteers to independently
count the vote at this Moscow field
office 1,500 volunteers have attended
training sessions in the past month all
as an oyster with its basic a
spiritually that would be a factor at
every age with a Chinese bisque is
better actually touched on worship his
Christian I was most established or
least risky because it was commotion of
energy reserves furniture Anton LaVey
dense key is 33 in voted in every
previous election now he sees the
boycott as a small but meaningful way to
register his discontent east siesta
notify tomorrow's stewey Malaya it's a
prayer in Seattle guru Guevara notation
delineate what does the portable Panos
service technologies to taste so is
there any point to even boycotting why
bother if you consider the final result
probably know we know we know the result
you guys in Stacy you are your crew you
are so crazy that you don't know who
your next president is and we do they
call it stability but it is quite on
contrary we don't have it we're quite
unsure about I'm quite unsure about my
future and future of my children I feel
that I should do something and this is
the best option I can see for myself
at the moment
on Sunday
China's legislature the National
People's Congress voted to do away with
presidential term limits of the roughly
three thousand delegates only to opposed
the amendment that extends the horizons
of Xi Jinping's presidency indefinitely
and incorporates his political doctrine
into the Constitution the near unanimous
agreement wasn't a shocker Communist
Party leadership had more or less
decided on these changes in advanced and
we're just waiting on the delegates
rubber-stamp
state media has trumpeted the party's
view that getting rid of term limits
will harmonize how the government runs
but it's a significant departure from
the way politics in China has been done
since the 1980s China heads up home loss
of term limits it is politics and most
of them were bought in in 1982 when Deng
Xiaoping came into power and the reason
for that it was a reaction to the
dictatorship that often bloody and chaos
his dictatorship of Chairman Mao Martha
doll China decided it didn't want
anymore absolute dictator after that so
why is the Communist Party going along
with this one reason is that she spent
his entire first term consolidating
power including a huge effort to get rid
of his rivals through an anti-corruption
campaign she's got the anti-corruption
Commission and under his control is that
the military under his control he has
the secured and services under his
control he has the Communist Party's
personnel department under control he
has the policy under control so there's
no easy way to take him on and I think
you know anybody who does want to do
that really has provide their time
another reason is simply self-interest
many of the highest ranking members in
the Communist Party's Politburo are on
the cusp of the unofficial retirement
age
68 and she who's head of the party
already looks like he's gonna blow past
that he hasn't named a successor and
that paves the way for him and his older
cronies to stay on well into their 70s
in the short term that's all fine and
good for the people who are already in
power but in the long run these shifts
could cost the party dearly they
undercut the smooth transitions in
leadership that everyone's come to rely
on I think many Chinese government
officials massive Chinese intelligentsia
absolutely furious about this they can
understand and respect seizing Kings
need to provide strong leadership even
authoritarian leadership but I think
they're very angry that he's taken such
a retrograde step because they believe
that the term limits and the various
other restrictions on politicians have
helped to modernize the Chinese system
and in fact have helped the stabilisers
by allowing for orderly transfers of
power and by taking away the
predictability of that system the
Communist Party could be robbed of the
things that values above all order and
control
News broke over the weekend that
President Trump told Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that he
would be ditching the Iran deal unless
major changes are made by the deadline
he said two months from today almost
everyone who's serious about foreign
policy thinks that's a terrible idea
even if Iran's behavior is far from
perfect it's a vivid example of how
political foreign policy has become and
what the fate of any North Korea deal
might be someone in a good position to
know all about that is Jake Sullivan he
helped negotiate the Iran deal and he
just started a new group called national
security action to go after Trump on
foreign policy
so if President Trump does come out of
this meeting and he has clear
commitments that North Korea will stop
ballistic missile test ins etc are you
ready to give him credit for that
first of all I've already given the
administration credit for enhancing this
sanctions regime in a meaningful and
material way that's having an impact on
the North Korean economy if we got a
meaningful sustained verifiable halt to
further progress in the North Korean
testing program that would be a very
positive step and I hope that that is
what the administration is aiming for as
one of the pieces of this diplomatic
strategy a lot of Republicans would have
agreed at least that halting Iran's
nuclear program was a good objective but
then the Iran nuclear deal became a
political football
regardless of what it had achieved so
isn't there the possibility for that to
happen with this North Korea potential
deal as well if Barack Obama had come
out and said that he was meeting with
Kim jong-un Republicans almost to a
person would have criticized it as weak
and feckless and giving some huge win
away to the North Korean dictator
the fact that Donald Trump did it made
meant that Republicans not to a person
but in a pretty broad way said oh look
at this this is the result of good
tough-minded clear-eyed American
diplomacy Iran is instructive though in
an important way the reason people
criticize the Iran deal in my view is
because Iran didn't come out with
wholesale surrender didn't just say
we're giving everything up and we're
asking nothing in return
that's not diplomacy that's as I said
that's surrender you're heading up a
group of sort of democratic national
security professionals who hope to make
that an issue in the midterms so aren't
you giving up the possibility of you
know talking about Trump's failures on
North Korea by cautioning let's not set
the bar too high well absolutely not I
mean first of all the security of the
United States itself should not be a
partisan issue my first obligation is to
make the case for what is going to keep
our country safe and keep us out of war
number one number two I believe that
there is a target-rich environment when
it comes to this president and the ways
in which he is both making the u.s. less
secure and less respected in the world
the more that we're talking about this
the more politicized it comes I mean
after 2018 2020 starts right up
how much tougher does it become for
president Trump to be successful on
something like crafting a deal with
North Korea time is not your friend when
it comes to these high stakes diplomatic
negotiations because the more time and
the more attention that's placed on the
negotiation the more people focus on
both sides on the concessions rather
than the things you're getting we
recognize that in the Iran case part of
the reason that the first several months
of the negotiation were conducted in
secret was to give the process time and
space to be able to move forward without
it being subject to all of those intense
pressures this is not that kind of
circumstance this is playing out in
living color on the global stage the
team is going to have to have the
discipline and the wherewithal to
withstand that and discipline is not a
strong suit so far of this
administration's diplomatic
so it will be interesting to see how
this unfolds over 2018 the Senate is on
the verge of passing a bill that will
weaken dodd-frank the landmark 2010
banking reform law the new bill will
exempt mid-sized banks with less than
250 billion dollars in assets from
strict regulatory scrutiny and loosen
some rules on small banks it's a
Republican bill but it's also being
supported by more than a dozen
Democratic senators Vice News spoke with
former congressman Barney Frank the
architect of dodd-frank about what the
new bill means I'm not wearing
camera-ready pants America's banking
system is very different we have a
number of very large banks people will
be familiar with Bank of America city
court JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo they
have assets in the trillions of dollars
then you have the kind of midsize space
and then you have the community banks
the smaller banks that they'd like to
become too many banks and sounds very
nice
and those are banks under 10 million
dollars in assets there's a very
important reason for getting different
sized banks differently this has truly
been a Manic Monday on Wall Street the
stock market suffered one of its worst
days in years Monday investors reacted
to a stunning reshaping of the landscape
of Wall Street what happened in 2008 was
a couple of institutions failed whose
failure went beyond hurting the people
they were doing business with to the
whole economy that's the reason for
regulating the big ones so strictly so
we've had three categories under 10
billion clear-cut the largest ones in
the trillions then you have the
mid-range and that's debate about what
where where you should stop being just a
mid-range bank and then move into a a
systemically important category for
banks who if they fail and can't pay
their debts could threaten the economy
beyond just the people who they owe the
money to
in our bill we said above 50 billion you
would get put into the systemically
important category the controversy about
the current bill is they went to 250 as
to the Democrats who voted for I don't
want them losing in 2018 because the
community bankers were trying to get
them defeated people think of the big
banks JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo is the
most politically influential
they're not the community banks have the
most influence because every single
member of Congress has community banks
in his or her district if you're a
product of rural America like I am you
know full well the consequences when a
bank leaves town it's just a matter of
time before that community scribbles up
I am glad to give those Democratic
senators a chance to
satisfy the independent bankers without
a cost to the whole bill the Senate bill
makes a couple of changes I don't like
but 95% of the dodd-frank act is
unchanged for all of the complaints
about the bill when we passed it in 2010
and for all of Donald Trump's ranting
about it the fact that this bill is
passing and making fairly small changes
in the overall bill is evidence of how
well it's worked last month
New York's police officers union
reportedly slashed the number of
courtesy cards cops get the so called
get-out-of-jail-free cards sound like an
urban myth but they're real basically a
fringe benefit for cops are they really
a free pass for bad behavior so police
courtesy card oftentimes officers family
members and friends and the idea is that
in the future new york names written on
the back it said his name and then my
name and then please extend to all
courtesies the only time i've actually
used the card was when I was driving in
Manhattan for a job and I was on Canal
Street and I made an illegal left
immediately I got pulled over by an
undercover cop car I always keep my PBA
card directly behind my license
handed over to them it's like one unit
it looks at the back and sees that my
uncle is a Nassau County police officer
and that
so he called him and said hey I'm not
gonna give him the ticket I'm gonna let
him off this time he handed me back my
license and me back my PBA card and I
put it in my wallet and I drove away and
parked the car I've did 13 years in the
New York City Police Department I can
tell you now from inside experience they
don't have a clue that how many cause it
printed because they're not see realized
they don't inventory the cards just give
them out these girls all the way up the
ranks all the way to the police
commissioner's office where he may not
give out union cards for example but
they give up clock in fact so it's
almost the same principle another gear
amount because you never know what
people do outside of your present and I
never want my name to be affiliated with
anything remotely close to improper
conduct so I never gave my vest
that's vice news tonight for Monday
March 12th
you
