this is freestyle bullfighting and it's
dangerous as it looks unlike classic
Spanish bullfighting and freestyle
bullfighting you're not trying to kill
the bull you're trying to do tricks
enter points here's how it works
each bullfight lasts up to a minute the
more stylish and dangerous your moves
are the more points you get assuming you
don't get trampled first you can get up
to 50 points for your tricks and then
additional 50 points based on the size
and the ferociousness of your bolt add
those up for a total of 100 possible
points whoever gets the most points
takes on the cash two years ago a bull
fighter from Canada named Aaron Ferguson
started a professional league called
bullfighters only what's a bullfighters
only event like it's nothing like a
rodeo at all we don't play country music
or anything like that I always thought
that if we could portray our sport as an
action sport and use video and you know
slow it down and zoom in and use high
quality cameras and you know do like
every other action sport has you know
follow that exact same blueprint they
have freestyle bullfighting this type of
bullfighting the vfo promotes you know
it would just go it they follow that
extreme sports blueprint pretty closely
they've got a slick social media account
and a partner clothing brand that makes
both Western Wear and street wear they
also attract outsider talent like Justin
Josie
four years ago he'd never even been to a
rodeo but now he's one of the top
freestyle bullfighters in the country so
this is the this is the morning routine
right now yeah we routine for a
bullfight just kind of loosen it huh hmm
get things you know and so what what is
what is watch it is the day of do for
you just try to get in the mindset of
the booth it might say the bull yeah try
to know what he's thinking
spending almost calendar in he caught
himself though man a lot of people
Winnicott themselves
Josie lives in his van and travels the
country in between competitions I'm
nervous right now you know I think
everybody's a little bit nervous you
just got to go out there and do what you
know how to do right now the only thing
that I'm really thinking about is fight
bulls like this whatever happens happens
trying a lot of thing out trying to put
on show and shut the whole place down
today BFO has brought six of his
bullfighters to the San Antonio rodeo
they'll be competing for more than
25-thousand dollars in prize money
Ross Hill is 35 years old and
bullfighting is the only job he's ever
kept normally he'd be in the arena
himself but he's taking a break to
recover from a torn ACL he sustained
while doing one of his signature moves
taking a selfie with a charging bull so
you're gonna do it again
while the rodeo heats up inside the
arena the bullfighters are trying to get
in the zone
hello and welcome to Justin Josey dusty
just needs to hit me up Siegert he's
coming to fight bulls every time a good
smooth clean jump
he just heard order fighting do any
trick anytime he wears his shades
he is mr. cool I bet you that he
backflips him right out here Grilli
right off the bat he's gonna run and
turn it back flip that's right yeah all
right all right let's fly
tobey's backflip was just enough to win
the event
Josie came in fourth place and took home
$1500 between prize money and
sponsorships a top-ranked bullfighter
can make six figures a year but back in
the locker room nobody is really talking
about money this is our goal my fishes
caught there and hang out with all these
guys and you know just go to bullfights
who go to these rodeos and yeah
get drunk afterwards just have a good
time you know that's what we're here for
you
