I'm looking for humanity here dignity
poor ah originality wall wall wall wall
something something that's what we're
looking for
boom that's what in art world we call a
polyp tick a many parted single painting
and the Warhol needless to say had eight
Jackie's eight Maryland's or a thousand
think of Andy Warhol doing this no you
cannot because Warhol put those two
colors together no one had ever put
clashing primary loud colors before this
person has no original idea of what
color could be that this is what you're
doing with your computer
okay other than it looks a little like a
kid's blanket or something out of a
Disney film it's a generic idea of a
beautiful threatening mysterious tiger
but other than that I'm not getting
anything my guess is it just sort of
tiled a lot of different patterns into
another pattern this one a tiger
I'm interested in how evolution works
and now I want this artist to take that
beginning and go from there
this is only a beginning if this scraped
pornographic images from tumblr it
doesn't show
that's not very pornographic man think
about all the Japanese wood prints
that's pornography in India every god is
having sex with a thousand other people
animals each other and then this you see
how it's been tamed and held in just let
go
open your sphincter and let go man
initial thoughts incredibly dull generic
boring if the ultimate test is could
this have been made by human the answer
is yes it has been a thousand to the
thousandth power in times what I feel is
bored when I looked at it what I feel is
a lack of originality in the idea that
generated it and the object everything
if we have learned anything today from
this we've learned that the programmers
are not freeing up the program I want
the robot to tap into its inner robot be
free I would give the computer a word
and I would say computer make a collage
stuck and then put it in hell and then
put it in the 45th century bc see what
the hell came out
you
