this is Shamika Chiana he's 13 years old
and has been training as a ballet dancer
for the last four years how did it feel
the first time you put the tights on and
you looked in the mirror I feel kinda
weird because I've never put on tights
my friends were enjoying me telling me
tighter four girls and I told them then
it's okay I'll still do ballet belief
shaped type just for girls this is how a
room this is my bed and this is Georges
bed a year ago shamekh moved out of his
family's home to live at a boarding
house in Nairobi and trained on an
intensive schedule of 10 classes per
week and would saucer me sometimes not
sometimes you actually miss her you know
you you are used to hi
she knows everything about you you know
everything about her so staying away
from her
it's a bit difficult
shamiqua reppin kubera
a huge densely populated slum in Nairobi
and one of the least likely places for a
budding ballerina to be discovered but
this is where Mike were mayor who
teaches dance to kids living in poverty
found shamekh it's my tool to use dance
to transform education system in Kenya
because compared to other countries like
in the first world countries we're still
struggling to bridge the gap between
rich kids and less privileged kids dance
is a process is a journey and through
the channel you get to dream and through
that dream you get to become who you
want to make do you miss your life so
much I don't miss here that much but I
do miss my family
we met she makes mom and sister in the
one Burma house where he grew up twice a
month he goes back to visit what was it
like to raise shamekh for media queries
cheerful self person needless one of the
physics
told me about Danny my mind you cannot
even when we had that shamak response
that we were so happy because he any
better there are so many struggle the
Islamic is a hard-working mm-hmm very
had so anyway one day in the same room
but I didn't mean literally
yeah she milks mentor Chow Kyoko is also
from Kibera and has become a national
sensation in Kenya when I see him
dancing I want to become like human do
such stuff that he does
every time after we finish class he
looks like he's come from the pool but
she was he was in class dancing Cole has
been accepted to the English National
Ballet where he's training on a full
scholarship for three years I wanted to
make the their world clear for this kids
to pass in so that's what keeps me going
and as for shamekh his instructor says
with just four years of training he's
already a stronger dancer at than Joel
was with his age what is your dream for
your ballet career I really love to
dance to be a professional dancer I feel
when I do when I feel like I'm free
