even as fashion has gotten faster
cheaper and more disposable there's
another cost to stocking up on fresh
looks fashion is now one of the most
polluting industries in the world the
textile industry alone produces more
greenhouse gas emissions than the
aviation and shipping industries
combined and the sheer amount of clothes
we consume majority accounts for more
than half of all the textiles produced
is expected to keep going up from 62
million tonnes in 2015 to 102 million
tonnes by 2030 at that rate the fashion
business would need to use 35% more land
and 50% more water there's this cute
expression in China that you know the
color and fashion next season by the
color of the rivers in China
Linda Greer with the Natural Resources
Defense Council has studied the fashion
industry in China for more than a decade
China makes more than half the world's
clothing and textiles adding up to a 267
billion dollar business there but the
government's tolerance for all the water
the industry uses and all the waste it
leaves behind is running out
China has gotten much more serious about
its high polluting industries over the
past several years they have closed down
a lot of factories they have really
pressured a large number of companies
and factories to upgrade their equipment
become more energy efficient and less
polluting I use less toxic chemicals etc
China's also tired of being a
destination for textile recycling
another surprisingly big cause of
pollution this year authorities banned
the import have used fabrics and
clothing and that band could make the
global fashion industry even less
environmentally friendly China is the
largest source right now by far of
recycled fabrics and recycled fibers in
China bands all the source material and
they can't feed in producing the
recycled yarns and fabrics and fibers so
working with the US government and
others to prevent China from fully
implementing the policy be on recycling
there's another idea that's catching on
with some labels the circular economy
Ellen MacArthur who runs a foundation in
the UK has been pushing this solution
she believes the fashion industry needs
a drastic redesign so it doesn't even
create waste in the first place a vast
majority of textiles that are produced
end up new incinerated or burned we lose
about 500 billion US dollars worth of
value every year because clothing
hardens worn the majority of what is
made is turned into a product it gets
used and then at the end of its life it
gets thrown away basically if you design
an economy where there's no waste it has
to be circular it has to feed back into
the system so the product would stay out
there and used for as long as possible
it would then be designed so the
materials can be recovered or someone
else could use it and then it would feed
back into that economy as the raw
materials brands including Stella
McCartney Nike and H&M have already
signed up to work on ways to implement
the circular economy concept into their
fashion lines but for now it's still way
more likely that the clothes you love
today will end up in the landfill the
next time you clean out your closet
you
you
