this is James Anderson he oversees the
chimp management program at the National
Institutes of Health where chimps were
used in biomedical research to study
diseases and test medicines and vaccines
they're really the closest species to
human so they've been useful to
understand some aspects of human biology
and disease processes they've been used
for a little over half a century
they've been most useful I would say and
into developing vaccines for hepatitis A
and B which are basically non-existent
in the country now because of the
vaccines and they were used a lot in HIV
research as well they were initially and
the premise there was we assume that the
human HIV came from a chimpanzee virus
and did it actually turn out to be it
doesn't they don't typically develop
AIDS in 1995 after researchers
discovered chimps weren't useful for HIV
research the NIH canceled its chimp
breeding program then in 2011 an NH
Commission included the chimps were no
longer needed invasive medical research
which was banned in 2015 but that left
the NIH with a unique problem what to do
with all those chimps the NIH owns
millions of lab animals and in the vast
majority of cases it euthanizes them
once they stopped being scientifically
useful but for humankind's genetic
cousin Congress made an exception and
passed the chimp act for these
chimpanzees who are no longer needed for
research can spend the remainder of
their lives in humane sanctuaries
setting up a retirement system which
costs about 10 million a year to
maintain we just don't euthanize chimps
it's just out of respect to their
proximity to humans there's no
regulation essentially but Ben's these
chimps from being euthanized right yeah
I would have to check it's just not our
policy we don't do that
the main federal sanctuaries Chimp Haven
Amy to Lindsay and Michelle we're ready
for the Butler habitat release
so this is Magnum right here he is the
alpha male the federal government pays
75% of the cost associated with housing
his chimps at Chimp Haven the rest of us
funding comes from the public and other
American institutions like noted animal
lover Bob Barker and what kind of
biomedical research were they using most
of the issues that we actually deal with
with the chimpanzees are related to
aging some of the chimps have been used
in HIV and hepatitis studies and that
can sometimes affect their immune
systems some of the things that we deal
with the most are heart disease heart
disease is the number one killer of
great apes in captivity then we have
things like obesity and diabetes and
arthritis but moving just half of the
518 nih chimps to chip Haven has taken
more than 10 years much longer than some
would like why aren't all the chimps
that the NIH owns here right now so
there's still over 200 chimpanzees that
are remaining in research facilities and
in order to bring them here we're gonna
need to expand our facilities we didn't
know that all the chimpanzees and
research would be retired in fact I
didn't think that would happen within my
lifetime
but for the chimps who've already made
it to Chimp Haven retirement from a life
in research is a pretty sweet deal if
you think about chimps in the wild in
Africa they're traveling constantly
they're encountering a lot of novelty
and so it's really important to keep
them mentally active here so this is
Kaylee here come on Kayla my back they
keep the chimps engaged through
something called a positive
reinforcement training ready yes good
girl dr. Ravin Jackson Jewett is the
veterinarian who cares for all 230
chimps
she says chip Haven is the best place
for America's aging great apes to retire
what do you think of the fact that
you're working with essentially an aging
population that you know with the
ultimate goal that eventually they will
die out and there will no longer be
retired chimps that had been used in
biomedical research we can't change the
past the research has occurred in them
but we want to make sure that we can
give them the lives that they deserve
and ultimately because they are aging
you know death is going to happen it's
the inevitable my job is just to make
sure that they have the best quality of
life
you
