of course I'm heartbroken by what has
happened but it's so saddening that I
wasn't even shocked it's amazing and
powerful that high school students from
around the country are like standing up
and saying like never again we're
marching for our lives
together we must love it
luckner cute older dude his jerk in the
days after happened with us
the vigils the funerals but dude like
trying to make change has been a great
distraction and it been a great way for
a lot of us to channel our grief into
action making change in doing something
we spoke about possibility for gun
reform mental health reform and
obviously grief counseling at the school
in the wake of what's happened we
launched this organization called teens
for gun reform on Friday really just to
create a protest the idea behind it was
to have 17 people laid down for three
minutes we found on social media that
junior high students had made posters
and were sending them around and trying
to sort of walk out which was really
impressive that has never really
happened before I never really see young
as kids that young orchestrating this
kind of stuff so we're like okay we're
gonna have to hop on this and try to
make it as organized as possible we are
organizing a national walkout on March
14th it's going to be 17 minutes the two
high schools in this community are
holding sessions Thursday after school
to call our state representatives our
state senators and also register to vote
we were organizing to show our
solidarity and like let those kids in
Florida know that like all the way here
in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania we're
thinking about you
relax everybody relax which Isis the
police Japan's Ralph return just calm
students are marching out of fear
because the videos and things I've seen
inside the shooting like I've seen
inside this school and we were the
generation born after home but we've
grown up with this and this has been a
legacy that's left to us and we don't
want it to be the same legacy that we
leave to our kids the adults aren't the
one sitting in the classrooms feeling
scared when they hear a loud noise
outside and wondering somewhere in the
back of their mind where the nearest
exit is that's the kids that's the 16
year olds and that's the five year olds
I have friends who I was super super
they love goodness they go to gun shows
and even they they agree there's
something has to change we can keep
doing this too many lives are being
bossed
I live in an area where there's a lot of
hunting and there's a lot of guns and I
don't have a problem with guns
whatsoever like I totally understand why
people would like why people enjoy
hunting and shooting in their backyard
but I just think that it should be
harder to get guns there should be
background checks before all gun sales I
would like to see at least a two-week
waiting period mandatory background
checks like as federal law something
that a lot of students and I want to go
to our school board about is having
drills in case of a school shooting
having training we have never had any
discussions in school we've never had
any procedures that we need to take at
this happened it's kind of like if this
happens you're on your own
we want lawmakers to know specifically
that we are scared to go to school we
are honestly terrified that we could be
the next victim this is directly a
message to Congress and lawmakers that
we are the next generation of voters and
we will not stand any longer for this
NRA money to influence the decisions
that they make if you have to ask why
we're protesting you are a part of the
problem and you need to sit down educate
yourself and listen to these voices and
listen to the next generation that's
coming up here and make ready to make
change my own senator from Georgia David
Perdue spoke at the NRA convention in
2017 that is a disgrace and we will not
stand for that we will not stand for
congressmen who are bought by the NRA
and who do not protect us we will not
vote for them we will not support them
and we are ready to stand up
