tonight professionalizing the protests
we're here because we were there the
coldest route to Europe and making
dating great again
for almost an hour today President Trump
held an emotional listening session with
parents and students from parkland
Florida and Newtown Connecticut as well
as educators from DC and other cities on
what needs to be done about gun violence
in schools I'm very angry that this
happened because it keeps happening 9/11
happened once and they fix everything
how many schools how many children have
to get shot it stops here with this
administration and me I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna sleep until it's fixed one
photographer caught notes Trump brought
in with him at the bottom of the list
the words I hear you among the proposals
he discussed were strengthening
background checks looking into raising
the purchasing age for certain guns and
arming more school employees new charges
have been filed in the case against Paul
Manafort and Rick gates as the Special
Counsel investigation into Russian
meddling barrels forward the charges
reported by Politico today were filed
under seal so the details aren't public
but it appears that the document was
filed after prosecutors said they found
evidence of more criminal conduct an
accused man afford of bank fraud last
week both Manafort who was once
president Trump's campaign chairman and
gates were charged last year with crimes
including money laundering and serving
as unregistered foreign agents
they've pleaded not guilty to those
charges
Macedonia started taking down road signs
today that pay homage to Alexander the
Great and his kingdom Macedonia
removing the signs is an attempt at
offering an olive branch to neighboring
Greeks they're furious that the country
Macedonia a former Yugoslavia uses the
name of their largest province the feud
over national heritage goes back more
than 25 years but it's taken on new
urgency since Greece has blocked
Macedonia's recent efforts to join NATO
and the EU the UN is mediating talks
between the two sides a prominent
activist in Bahrain has been sentenced
to five years in prison for tweeting
about the torture of prisoners in his
home country and about Saudi Arabia's
involvement in Yemen's Civil War Nabil
Rajab was a key player in the
pro-democracy protests that started in
2011 in the Gulf state and he's already
serving a separate jail term for quote
broadcasting fake news and undermining
the prestige of the kingdom were job as
president of the Bahrain Center for
Human Rights which called this most
recent trial a mockery of justice her
job son told vice news how his father
responded after today's sentencing he is
very determined to continue his struggle
even behind bar he told me the more they
targeted me the more determination I
have to continue
a witness in a Myanmar Court has
contradicted police and prosecutor
accounts of how to Reuters the borders
were arrested according to Reuters the
witness corroborated the journalists
version of events that they were
arrested at a restaurant and not at a
checkpoint as authorities have claimed
that detail has become a sticking point
in the case against the journalists who
had been reporting on violence against
roe hanga muslims after a military
crackdown they face up to 14 years in
prison we didn't do anything wrong
so you know we are we are in the prison
just like with all my time I should be
in the newsroom
Brandon Carrasco is a freshman at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school I
sat down with a group of brave students
here we're joined by a senior at the
school joining us now are two students
joining me now Haley Betancourt Isabella
Gomez joining us now is Melissa
falkowski we turn now to a young woman
named Samantha Grady she's a junior at
that high school
the US has the highest gun ownership
rates and the highest gun homicide rates
and minors under 21 he was 18 he was 18
no Saturday yeah just to like we just
like we know what we're talking about
when we go there because I feel like a
lot of the Republican lawmakers are
gonna try to like pick out little things
that we say just they're not gonna focus
on the overall just remember but you're
feeding with state representatives and
state senators or anybody else for the
government speak from the heart
tell them how important this is to you
and tell them you're not gonna stop
until there's change we're at the
Florida State Civic Center and we're all
here we're all gonna rest up tonight
we're all gonna make change happen
tomorrow
we're not like wishing for an overnight
solution we're here to get the
conversation started and we're here
because we were there by Allah he only
played 16
Philip ta ncil Philip PhIP
that was last night are you prepared
this is 100% a lot of us didn't get much
sleep we got one or two hours of sleep
we were doing research we were preparing
about what we're gonna talk about I know
my group is talking to all Republicans
hundred students my photographer
Williams having to walk backwards right
now we're gonna try to get up
okay I would ask for senators and guests
in the gallery please rise to a moment
of silence which 14 students and three
adults who died at Stoneman Douglas high
school on Wednesday February 14 and to
everyone at the NRA and everyone
affiliated with the NRA we are not
afraid of you we will not be silenced by
anything that you have to say they say
they play over 70 meetings but we've
only been to two and I know we're going
to more throughout the rest of the day
but I haven't been getting like good
some vibes and uh feedback when
someone's being vacant you can tell what
they're like and they're just like
they're like they're they're not saying
anything
the media scram surrounding the parkland
students is pretty overwhelming and all
of that attention is giving fodder to
partisan conspiracy theorists for much
of today the top training video on
YouTube suggested one of the students
was a paid actor he's not and YouTube
has taken the video down then there's
this tweet from Sheriff David Clarke
theorizing that the students are funded
by conservative boogeyman George Soros
that's probably not true either as of
now this seems like the real thing a
grassroots movement for changes to gun
laws organized in a student's basement
run by a bunch of high schoolers but
there's always the risk of these things
being co-opted when politicians get
involved today a couple of Florida
Democratic gubernatorial candidates did
show up to the rally and there are a lot
of gun control groups waiting in the
wings who might want to make the
parklands students their new
spokespeople celebrities are trying to
get involved too George Clooney's
already pledged half a million dollars
though his office said the kids haven't
set up a non-profit to take it yet
Oprah and Steven Spielberg have pledged
money to as far as we can tell that
money is helping to fund the March for
our lives in Washington DC paying for
kids flights and other organizing
expenses
that's what Steve shale Democratic
strategist who's helping the kids with
their media strategy told me he also ran
Obama's Florida campaigns Republicans
already attacking them as potentially
funded by sort of liberal interests and
being co-opted by Democrats in
Washington what's your read on that
what's your response well I mean if
liberal interests are a bunch of people
in Tallahassee but giving money to a
GoFundMe to help pay for busses for
these kids to come up here and some food
then maybe that is but no I mean this is
this is very organic
and I'm sure you've talked a bunch of
these kids they want to be here they
really feel like they owe it to their
friends and colleagues that didn't make
it to be a part of change you are a
national operative though and your
involvement kind of gives fuel to this
criticism you bring it on any of the
kids I met with would tell ya that my
job was basically to get them from a
camera to a camera this is these kids
are all on their own voice I said they
began they want to be here they're
excited a lot of them this has given
them real purpose he said he was helping
the kids out pro bono totally on his own
and emphasized that it's a grassroots
movement and that it's important to keep
it that way frankly if you look at any
successful social justice movement in
the last 50 years whether it was civil
rights or the LGBT movement and the me2
movement recently I mean these are all
being driven by real people and that the
nation's attitudes on guns is not gonna
change because people run television ads
or politicians give speeches they're
gonna they're gonna change because kids
talk to their parents parents talk to
their friends and one on one that's how
we're gonna get there and again I think
the risk is that frankly politicians get
in the way of that
last year one hundred and seventy one
thousand migrants reached the shores of
Europe that's down from more than a
million at the height of the crisis in
2015 the majority of them now passed
from Libya to Italy on the central
Mediterranean route a perilous crossing
that took the lives of almost 3,000
people in 2017 but even those who do
reach Italy safely have to confront a
new set of risks if they want to make it
farther into Europe just up to dark six
young men arriving barred in a queue and
quickly take off for the mountains they
came to this small town on the border
with France after spending the last 10
days trying to cross along the coast
that's a much easier route but they were
repeatedly sent back by the police she
fell for videos who My dear Angela
powerful vascular chilling winter Andrea
the frontier noir now they're attempting
something far more dangerous a 20 mile
overnight passage into France directly
through Europe's biggest mountain range
in Italy Contador negative until midday
or Todorovic love Rolla settlement even
Navarro checked every - Divya foo of
Italy for Allah
tomorrow she'll be charged Abu Salah of
coffee Italian for harsh this group
didn't make it after several confused
hours in the snow they turned around and
went back to town
Barton Acura is a popular ski Brazil but
this winter is becoming unlikely at the
centre for the migrant crisis in Europe
at the local train station a constant
flow of men has set him crossing the
frontier the mission area allows us
vascular deep relation she know about
this allow for a parvenu ze French
speakers like TR BIA the largest group
in the waiting room many have friends
and family in France but everyone shares
one common frustration
lack of opportunity in Italy illiteracy
or not to fear pour etre liqueur calm
layers and family on poverty a lot you
know ASEAN will prepare 11 loving you do
Munem a preparing Avenue promotion for
and doing you low migrants a granted
special residency but only in the
country where they land arrived in Italy
and you have to stay in Italy
this allows France to close its
otherwise open border to migrants
carrying Italian documents and French
police have been strictly enforcing this
policy since the middle of last year
even venturing into Italy to do so let's
go to Fair Play you see I'm doing I made
a deal and one day a DVD look good local
volunteers come to the station each
night to hand out food and suitable
clothes for this outlined setting and to
give advice to those intent on climbing
the mountains rushing by feet you cannot
even hope to do that before March April
timeframe
not before please don't try my pardon
IKEA because this is the closest railway
station to the French border simply
because of this boat in a queue is as
close to friends last year's is this
year yeah boy what's happened this year
it meant that more people coming
last year they crossed by Ventimiglia
now that path is blocked right the
Italian police and the French police did
closed completely and so they have to
look for other passages despite knowing
the risks do be and three others decide
to test their luck the next morning one
of them documents the journey on his
cell phone
vice in foreign sovereign over on third
column move along before I didn't offer
a three four hours into that track a
struggling in the deep snark the life
item managers at line number in Allen or
Sims Maserati revolver written as a
little as he mascara so deadly
Italy's Alpine rusty tree monsters the
mountains for anyone in danger
they've assisted migrants more than
thirty times so far this winter compared
to twice all of last year
my record ODI intervene in cuiabá mo
hitori chamber adele do middle it's a
set al Cunha DeLauro era no senses carpe
essence aguante the vivo no personnel on
eBay
oka Pete okay Aaron Moto's Pavan Tati
Lauren Anza Pavano qual a Perico Lola's
pet ABBA
the RV's group is the latest to be saved
the rescuers return them to the train
station in bart Nakia
kalila sous la pluie dtc yeah true love
for lamb Sita the opportunity for coma
before whatever the sudden
but they are got a victim alibi and I
say a new vote we where we gonna see
tomorrow the state of Alabama is
scheduled to execute 61 year old Doyle
Lee ham by lethal injection ham was
sentenced to death in 1987 for murdering
a motel clerk during a robbery
but while hams been waiting on death row
he's also been dealing with lymphatic
cancer diagnosed four years ago although
the State argues hams cancer is in
remission his attorneys say the
condition is terminal and it's a point
that advocates have seized on to ask
Alabama to halt the execution this
morning Alabama Attorney General Steve
Marshall said no to that request the
petition includes a lecture to me from
all people the United Nations describing
this as quote the ghoulish execution of
a terminally ill man it gives you no
understanding of the victim and the
consequences to the victim's family of
this heinous act
the case is opening up a new front and
the debate over the death penalty what
it means for the state to keep inmates
alive when it's already sentenced them
to die he's been on death row for 30
years and yes they're aggressively
trying to execute him Bernard Harcourt
has been representing doily ham pro bono
since he first came across the case in
the early 90s this is the dahle ham room
you have a whole room for Doyle ham yes
that was his mug shot family pictures
hawk what gets a phone call from ham
several times a month
how much pain does the cancer cause you
right now for the better part of three
decades parkour was fought to get ham
off death row but in the past few months
he's changed his strategy ham has
collapsed veins as a result of his
cancer treatment which could make lethal
injection incredibly painful
so Harcourt is now trying to get Alabama
to kill ham in a more humane way what
we've proposed is medical aid and dying
essentially because we're dealing with
someone who's got lymphatic cancer and
who's pretty much at the end of his life
he should receive an oral injection that
would not involve torture or unnecessary
pain or suffering Harcourts motion was
denied yesterday which means Alabama
will finally be able to do what it's
been trying to do for decades execute
ham during that same period harcore
estimates Alabama has also spent tens of
thousands of dollars making sure ham
stayed alive why did the state of
Alabama spend their time trying to treat
his case the only thing that they
treated was the bulging cancerous mass
behind his left eye that was going into
his cranium what they're doing is
they're doing a delicate balance of
keeping him alive just long enough that
they can be the ones who execute him and
that he doesn't die of natural causes
do you find it absolutely absurd that
that is what the state of Alabama is
spending their time doing keeping
someone alive so that they can be the
ones to execute him I wouldn't use the
word absurd I think I would use the word
unconscionable we reached out to the
Alabama Department of Corrections it did
not respond the attorney general's
office acknowledged our request but
declined to comment claims like hard
courts aren't new there has been a
terminally ill prisoner executed in the
United States before in 2007 Oklahoma
executed Jimmy Dale bland who had
terminal lung cancer but is going to be
a problem more states will have to deal
with the death row prisoner population
is getting older and more than 40% of
those sent to death row since 1977 are
still there it's the legacy of massive
incarceration in this country and a
punitive system in the 1970's and 80's
and 90's that has left us this legacy of
aged and infirm prisoners and so yeah
this it's it's where we're making a turn
into this into hell
oh yes there's meditation and there are
all kinds of things that can give you a
high but the real permanent high comes
from the Holy Spirit and he gives you a
high even in your low moments and you
know in preaching I like to have Liberty
in preaching we call it but that has
nothing to do with power many times when
I have not had Liberty in preaching
there has been the power of the Holy
Spirit in the service
have you ever been on a date you know
you're there the night's going great but
then when you try to start a chance lock
her up locker they suddenly get all
weird thankfully there's a new sight for
our hyper-partisan times Trump dating
the dating site for Trump supporters
that promises to make dating great again
as long as you're straight
Trump datings launch has been a little
bumpy it initially allowed users to
classify their relationship status as
happily married or unhappily married
which would have been great for when you
want to meet up with another happily
married person so you can both discuss
your shared passion for the sanctity of
marriages other than your own the site
also had to change its feature image
after it was found that the man
originally featured was convicted of sex
with an underage girl you know just use
your website launched hiccups and before
any of you liberals snow-flakes asked no
Trump dating isn't racist the fact that
there's only images of white people on
the front pages are relevant because
when you sign up you can record your
ethnicity with great specificity it's
not just being whites but being
Mediterranean Western European Eastern
European or Scandinavian or black Latino
or Asian as long as you're straight trap
dating is the newest hyper specific
dating experience made possible by
friends worldwide the creators of what
appears to be a hellscape network of
generic dating sites inviting people to
bond over shared interests such as love
of movies being in the army the Navy the
US military being French or loving Nazca
of course you don't need to be just a
straight man a woman to sign up for any
of these other websites which only goes
to show just how exclusive Trump dating
is it's just the latest safe space to
appear on an increasingly fragmented
Internet where every niche is worth
catering to there's a creator platform
that allows hate speech a social network
that allows hate speech and soon a
streaming service for Fox News viewers
who need more over-the-top opinions so
if you're a straight male and/or female
a trump supporter looking for love but
Trump dating $17 monthly membership fee
is too rich for your tastes don't worry
there's always reddit Facebook Twitter
4chan and the rest of the internet for
you to find someone who feels their
identity it's just as threatened as
yours and when your grandchildren asked
how you met you can proudly tell them
about how decades ago a president
named Donald J Trump tour the country
apart that brought two hearts together
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
February 21st
you
