hello everyone this is big man Terran
president of Kyrgyzstan and you're about
to watch a video about me on vice news
take two
this is Gordon hurt a Cameroonian born
youtuber who lives in the UK and who has
become the face of the nation of
Pakistan Pakistan is not a real country
it's a long-running internet joke but
kekaa stan has been adopted as the
fictional home of all tried trolls heard
started producing videos as a way to
make some extra cash and has since
started profiting off of the caki Stan
phenomenon caki Stan has often
characterized in the media as a
fictional haven for white supremacists
on the internet but caca Stan fans claim
they created their own identity to troll
identity politics on both the left and
right the ethnic Pakistani or CAC for
short
- this army of meemers Pepe the Frog is
a prophet of the actual Egyptian god of
Darkness Tech who has returned earth in
the form of memes to create chaos
caki Stan ease mock media coverage of
refugees and they claim they were exiled
from their own homeland thousands of
years ago being kept asthenia is is it's
like being oppressed you know it's were
the new marginalized people they even
have their own national anthem the 1986
song shadow lay from Italo disco singer
Manuela Pepe
which coincidentally features a frog on
the album this dedicated fandom has also
chosen an unlikely spokesperson big man
Tyrone vice News spoke to big man Tyrone
about why he presides over kekaa Stan
and how he makes money off of it I am in
video actor . the way that I look at it
I am a taxi and when the taxi goes on
the road it doesn't discriminate if he
picks up a prostitute or if it picks up
drug dealers it's just a taxi I don't
get into the ideological game three
cases of all that because it's too
complex heard got his start creating
silly messages for anyone on the
internet even then some of his videos
came directly from the web's dark heart
4chan Pakistanis flocked to him after
the infamous youtuber PewDiePie gave him
a shout-out now more and more of his
videos reflect keka Stanny scorned of
identity politics for centuries my
people bled on the Nomi oppression heard
makes most of his videos on a commission
for a base price of $35 for a 30 word
video the price goes up with add-ons
such as elaborate stage directions sing
a song happy birthday to you and the
popular long Tyrone laugh heard also
creates videos to promote his own brand
and merchandise so in half of his
t-shirt inventory Pakistanis every month
he says he doesn't mind associating with
a group of self-described posters
for him this is about making money
I don't form an opinion about what I
read on the Internet I am NOT an
ideologue of course I've got my own
principles and there are certain things
I cannot see but that's up to me you
know I decide what I want to say and I
decide what's going to make my fans
happy I would not do any script that is
explicitly racist I will not do any
script that is explicitly sexual I will
not do any script that is explicitly
hateful you know scripts like that I
just done them down it doesn't matter
how much you pay those scripts can never
come
we've created things on the internet
that we both you know that we all enjoy
let's just enjoy them and leave all the
ideology behind us
despite the controversy in politics of
his work heard surging popularity means
he'll be having the last long Tyrone
