I met IRA the world's largest robotics
convention in Tokyo Japan riding on this
robotic unit cycle through the
exhibitions which showcase every
imaginable variety of robot
there are robotic snakes for looking
through drains
there's rescue robots climbing robots
breast examination robots
this body armor connects me to the robot
which mirrors all the movements I put my
hand in the robots hand and then held my
own and that using my hands control the
robot
definitely has an uncanny valley effect
where it's just human-like enough and
almost repulsive in a way some of the
most popular robots were human-like
machines built for dangerous tasks in
disaster recovery though impressive was
surprising how slow and limited these
robots were at moving likes humans I
visited a robotics lab in Tokyo to talk
to Shige O'Hara say a pioneer in
robotics technology about why that's the
case
why is it that this mechanical
innovation moves slowly relative to the
innovation in software and electronics
and if we try to imitate a human body
the function cannot be so good the
development of the computer performance
is always evolving exponentially but
mechanical development is developing
just linearly
this is a fact
essentially for robots to become more
functional they need bigger brains not
better mechanics and a key to unlocking
that brain power is developing
artificial intelligence or AI even the
tech giant Google is said to be moving
away from the physical and doubling down
on AI AI is the science of programming
computers to perceive their environment
and make rational cognitive decisions in
order to achieve a goal and it's one of
the most rapidly progressing and
sought-after technologies in the world
at Harvard Center for brain science dr.
David Cox is hoping to model AI of real
biological functions by mapping the
brains of animals a major drive of the
experiments we're doing is to understand
how brains learn and if we understand
how brains learn we need to have the
brains be learning and we have rooms
full of these kinds of rocks and
basically what this is is like a video
arcade for rats and if you look inside
you can see there are different little
ports that they can lick basically those
are the buttons on the game controller
for the rats and there's a monitor in
the back of the rig and we can train the
rats to distinguish between different
things
once the rats are trained dr. Cox
observes the neuronal activity inside
the rats brains while they're thinking
we've injected a virus into their brain
that carries a genetically engineered
protein which lights up a little bit
brighter when we shine a laser on it
when the cell is active so this is a way
that we can actually watch the animal
the most intelligent rats brains are
divided into slices thousands of times
thinner than a human hair and then
imaged through a powerful electron
microscope and then modeled in 3d space
so what we're doing is we're marrying
behavior what the animal can do it's
actual it's learning and how it's
improving with the activity of those
neurons and then marrying that with the
neuroanatomy and from all of this
massive amount of data we're gonna try
and really understand what kinds of
algorithms might be easier on systems be
computing
what allows biological systems do all
these things that we haven't yet figured
out how to make artificial systems do
that's gonna unlock a huge renaissance
in practical robotics practical machine
learning vision things like that one of
the major milestones in creating human
level intelligence is for machines to
attain self-awareness Columbia
University's creative machines lab may
have already done it when you look at
this robot you can see it has four legs
but the robot itself does not know that
it has four legs all it knows is that it
has a couple of motors a couple of
sensors so if self awareness works this
machine should gradually learn what it
is as the robot comes to life and takes
its first steps it tries to understand
what it is we turn it on and we can
watch what it thinks it is we can
actually look at its memory and
understand how its modeling it stuff is
it recognize that it has four tentacles
or eight joints in the beginning it's
completely wrong but the robot very
quickly knows that they're wrong and it
basically hones itself image to a point
where it pretty much matches its
experiences in reality using that self
image it can learn how to walk by
playing out lots of forms of locomotion
in its mind these robots learn over time
to simulate themselves in a future
situation they have an actual experience
in other words they don't have to learn
by doing they can learn by thinking if
these robots are in the infancy of AI
their counterparts at UC Berkeley are
going to kindergarten
I'm in the arms of Brett a Berkley robot
for the elimination of tedious tasks
using trial and error brett learns how
to fold laundry assemble lego blocks and
fit pegs into holes it goes from scratch
it has no notion of how its arms move
notion of anything except for electrical
and it does some random set of actions
and depending on whether it's doing good
or bad it evaluates that and keeps
updating its policy to do better better
better and like a child Brett can watch
someone perform a task like tying a knot
and actually learn it
as to use voted and
so that's how it's supposed to work
to make robots like Brett even smarter
some AI developers are using gaming
principles to teach their AI is to
strategize in 2014 Google reportedly
spent more than five hundred million
dollars to acquire deep mind one of the
world's leading AI developers led by
gaming prodigy demis hassabis what is
the significance of games in this sort
of research
gays are invented to be a kind of
microcosm of aspects of life they're a
very efficient platform to sort of
develop a our algorithms and test them
they can have some of the richness of
the real world but there are more
constrained ways advancements in
computer science have been tested with
games before like supercomputer deep
blues stunning defeat of world chess
champion Garry Kasparov in 1997 well
beyond my understanding
now deep mind has set out to beat the
most complex board game in the world
the ancient Chinese game of go he talked
a little bit about what makes this a big
deal why it's important there's more
possible board positions in go than
there are atoms in the universe if you
ask a great go player why they made a
particular move they'll often answer
that it just felt right that's quite
different to when you ask a great chess
player they'll usually be able to tell
you precisely the calculations they made
goes a lot more about feel these great
go players use all of their years of
experience to just sort of come up with
the right pattern-matching move and that
fits for that position
in other words it was believed you need
human intuition or else you can't win no
AI program has ever defeated a go world
champion before
TCF deepmind successfully built
artificial human intuition we traveled
to South Korea where Google organized a
go tournament with a 1 million dollar
prize hitting one of the world's top
human players against alphago that was
lee sedol who Franco champion walking by
this is the final game of the
co-championship this may be the biggest
board game competition in history
because this is a human champion versus
the most sophisticated computer-based go
playing system that has ever been
created lee sedol has about ten minutes
left on the clock a game is slowly
nearing its end
I wonder if we have a resonation here it
could be the lease at all as resign yeah
Lee I'm getting worried Lee has resigned
sober Lee SEDOL has lost
alphago won four out of five years it is
a champion go player alpha goes big win
reinforce the idea that we may be on the
brink of transformative artificial
intelligence but some of the world's
most renowned thinkers are warning that
there's a high risk of unintended
consequences with artificial
intelligence we are summoning the demon
is the guy with the pentagram and holy
water it's like yeah sure you control a
demon
I don't think its inherent that as we
create super intelligence that it will
necessarily always have the same goals
in mind that we do Oxford philosopher
Nick Bostrom believes that the benefits
of super intelligence must be reconciled
with these risks I think of all the
things that the human species might have
been able to achieve in the fullness of
time maybe you would have a cure for
aging maybe you would have space
colonization all these kind of
science-fiction like things but all of
those things I think might happen very
quickly done on digital timescales in
the long term I think we have an
additional and very different and
distinct and unique problem which is how
could you ensure that this super
intelligent system will actually do what
you intended for it to do how can you
control and intelligence vastly greater
than your own
there's always this concern of some kind
of telescoping singularity situation
where a sufficiently intelligent
computer is able to build more
intelligent computers which leads to
some kind of spiraling effect I think if
you ask most AI researchers or experts
they'll probably give you the same
answer that a lot of these more science
fiction scenarios are just that science
fiction most technologies they're kind
of inherently neutral but it depends on
how society uses them and deploys them
that ends up determining whether they're
not being for good or for bad as
researchers work to balance ai's risks
and possibilities much of the science
fiction of the past is becoming today's
reality and the worlds of artificial
intelligence and robotics are on track
to achieve breakthroughs and technology
and science that have never been
possible for humans before what I
think's the most important thing is to
use AI to advance science and medicine
things like diseases climate even things
like particle physics macroeconomics
these all hugely complex systems now
that we're trying to deal with him we're
trying to get an understanding of I kind
of dream about the day when they are is
good enough that we can have this idea
of AI scientists that work hand in hand
with human experts to allow us to make
breakthroughs in much faster and we're
able to at the moment do you think that
will happen soon and then I could happen
in the next 20 years yeah sure
you
