so zooming exciting flight the objective
for today is let's go up and the flyer
for the Superbowl
we're out here in Minneapolis Minnesota
it's about four degrees or negative 20
with the windchill behind me you can see
some Air Force 810 and f-16s and a
little bit we're gonna join the airforce
for the official Superbowl fly over
there are very few things as cool as a
military fly over not every competition
gets one it has to be one of the big
events as the planes pass overhead the
crowd goes wild largely because the jets
roar over the stadium at the crescendo
of the ultimate sports hype song the
national anthem I wanted to find out how
this works firsthand so you came to
Minnesota to meet with the team behind
this year's Superbowl fly open how do
you actually make sure the planes get
there on time well we make sure they
take off in plenty of time they go to a
holding point once they get up in the
holding they're gonna stay there for a
while until we get our time over target
is what we call it so that we can have
them flying over right at the home of
the brave I'll sue the TRT now just
called Nike and the radio and say hey
you know we're slipping 5 seconds 6
seconds whatever it is and he'll let you
know decide what the points you know if
they can do it or not
so what is the military application for
something like this a time on target run
well this is actually the perfect
execution of what we can't simulate very
well in peacetime so a lot of the
missions that a lot of our aircraft have
been applying lately have been close air
support missions where we are supporting
the troops on the ground and they need
fire at very specific times so if we
drop bombs at the wrong time it
increases the chance for fratricide
where we kill our own troops so what
this does is forces our pilots to go up
there and recalculate speeds and routes
and everything else Stephan Nikes job is
just one half of the equation the other
half is the flight team so I got suited
up then sat down with my pilot rain to
find out more about our mission for the
day 23 21 43 Zulu is our time that we
want to be crossing over the stadium
will be in communication with one of our
representatives who's at the stadium so
if there's any changes or flexes with
the sky
we'll adjust our time over the state and
make sure that we're crossing right into
the national anthem you're ready to do
this yeah I'm ready sim ever gonna be
not a bad view well we have I think one
of the most unique formations that's
going to be crossing it there is a p-51
that is probably the most popular
fighter from World War two with that
p-51 out front we're gonna have you know
two a-10s
and us an f-16 you really have
representation of seventy years of
American airpower ten minutes to go Oh
about the 10-minute point is when we
should get our first update we're
getting changes now so 23 21 31 we
expect another update at five minutes
and then at three minutes the party's
gonna race start alright once we start
inbound now it's just lining up with a
stadium making sure our formation is
looking good
Studios off they're a little closer so
many things have to go right for a
flyover to work the planes have to be in
perfect formation which is a lot harder
than it sounds with three generations of
aircraft flying wing to wing and the
timing has to be perfect
so when pink stepped on stage we began
our final approach
and nailed it oh yeah
the p51 peeled off and we made our way
back to base
then the team raced to the Super Bowl
led by a police escort although the air
force wasn't able to tell us the exact
cost of the flyover we were told that
the funds come from training budgets for
time over target missions more often
than not the average American never
hears about the missions these men and
women conduct as most of these flights
take place in conflict zones half a
world away but at events like the Super
Bowl the military gets the opportunity
to put their skills on display for the
whole country to see
