the women who accuse Brett Kavanaugh of
assaulting them at parties for just
teenagers at the time Cavanaugh was a
teenager too
last year the Department of Education
investigated a hundred and fifty claims
of sexual violence at elementary and
high schools a jump of more than five
hundred percent from just three years
before changing that may require
changing students attitudes in Illinois
teachers with a publicly funded
nonprofit are going class to class where
a high school in South Chicago where
they started program called what's up
with manhood whether essentially trying
to open up a discussion about sexual
consent and trying to teach consent from
as young an age as possible
Luciano Moline and Cordura Lewis are
community educators working with mostly
14 and 15 year old boys how do you all
define consent I feel like it's not that
simple I feel like girl like the work
they weigh like around what they want
you to know and like what guys say
straight up what is so hard with waiting
to hear yes we can or no we can it's not
it's not hard just like in a moment
it'll be awkward to interrupt and I say
something like that so if they've gone
along with it then you notice yes but if
they like stop you then you know snow
then you stop no silence is a yes
no no silently all kisailus not in all
cases is it confusing where that line of
consent Falls why why is that so
confusing you're not always sure about
what they're gonna say until they
actually say it if she says yes and you
can see that in her eyes like you could
notice that like if you know her you can
see that what does it look like in her
eyes you get that vibe like you know
she's you know what she's trying to say
but she still tells you something else
you know she's trying to say yes but you
could see like her body language like
we're all talking about like she's
saying no basically and sometimes the
guy just wants to take advantage of that
oh she said yeah so
to get what I kind of want to get into
is is the concern of not knowing and
still going that way because let's be
honest you putting yourself in a very
dangerous legal situation are you
worried about
at one point getting having someone
accuse you of not asking for that
consent or not being clear I thought I
would say no I'm not worried because
like I can't name a handful of times
where the girl wanted to do it whatever
but as soon as they break up she gets
mad so she says they he raped her of
course like I feel worried in the future
because I you would never know like what
she's gonna do how much of gender norms
and this matchu ism plays a part in in
terms of the challenge that you guys are
up against you guys don't talk I mean
that that's a that's a whole mighty
small thing right there I'm not gonna
tell you what I feel
yeah I'm crying so well I'm crying you
know it's and it's breaking that down to
actually get to the root of an issue get
to the root of a problem and knowledge
that they don't want to be seen as weak
and that's also thing and then you know
being like a very hyper masculine thing
you know to not show weakness even if it
is to my detriment how often does that
gray area of consent come up for these
kids who say all the time and it's not
just as far as sexually you know I think
the gray area is in all aspects of their
lives as far as dealing with each other
you know the guys feel as though the
girls want a certain thing but they not
communicating it the girls feel of the
guys want a certain thing and they don't
want to necessarily communicate that
that's not what they're about or the
program that Medellin and Lois run sent
us on a discussion about manhood they
don't typically reach out to young women
but we wanted to learn what girls at
this age of experience almost
immediately the gender gap in attitudes
became very clear how many of your peers
felt that they were pressured yeah
majority Wow
okay maybe they were scared that their
boyfriend/girlfriend wouldn't move them
and move in it and sleep with them maybe
that's what it was the word consent can
mean obviously many different things to
each person but like in my opinion it's
like when you're okay with the encounter
before during and after
does that make sense ladies what do
y'all think about that yeah we agree and
it's also that like during at any point
that if you say no they're not just
gonna be like well you already gave
consent it's at the point where they're
like okay I understand that now you
don't want to do you feel like this
pressure from guys have sex what do you
feel like do you think guys come under
pressure to have sex
guys pressure other guy stars actually
give one of them is having sex they're
like oh why aren't you doing it or
you're lame for not doing it yet
no I freaked when it comes to girls I
feel like it's different you know like
if they haven't done it then we don't
really care boys think that certain
things girls do is giving consent such
as they see any little chance of it
being consent they'll be like okay
they're gonna go for it they just scare
about getting what they want they would
probably say something like oh I thought
she lost me or oh don't you trust me or
stuff like - I kind of manipulate you
and like I mean get you to overthink it
so to extend what you feel pressured to
say yes and you feel pressured to do it
because they're you love them so much
and you care so much for them have you
been in a situation like that yeah yeah
I've been in the situation before how
did you resolve that I really cared
about that guy but it got to the point
where like he would like he told me like
oh like if you love me then you would do
this and then since I was scared letting
God's and I've gotten so attached I I
like I would sound like oh no I don't
want to but then hehe when I kind of
started nowhere like if I didn't then he
would just walk out I was scared for him
to do that
yeah and so what happened or I got
pressured into it and that became my
first time in my last it taunted me it
turns me I didn't say no but I also
didn't say yes I didn't give him an
answer he just automatically assumed
you
