this is like heaven right now
Alexis Bromley is from Nebraska she
needed a break from white people in
Omaha it's very segregated it's it can
be very isolating if you're a person of
color it's hard in Nebraska because it's
a red state and so you just don't know
who you interact with on a daily basis
if they believe that you're or lesser if
you're inferior and how that in turn can
affect me
she says the current political climate
has only made these feelings worse so
she decided to go on a women of color
healing retreat in Costa Rica I'm this
beautiful smile thank you guys so much
for coming my blackness is bold my
blackness is uninhibited my blackness is
strength the idea is simple for 10 days
black women come together to eat vegan
food meditate do yoga the breath in is
the reminder that we are safe and to
discuss the frustrations of being black
in America it's like a mental game all
the time and then in these spaces where
you know constantly poked and prodded oh
let me get your hair oh you're really
pretty for a black girl black people
don't exercise that people don't hide
people are automatically gonna have this
perception of me before I even open my
mouth so many people's ideologies are
being validated that don't see us as
human that don't see us as people this
retreat is one of more than a dozen
black owned travel groups marketing
trips specifically to people who look
like Alexis in the few years that most
of these companies have been open more
and more clients are calling them up at
least five say they've seen a spike in
interest
coinciding with Trump's election the
idea of black women reclaiming control
over their own mind body and spirit is
exactly what's needed to survive in a
system that constantly tells us that our
wellness isn't important we stopped
taking care of ourselves because we were
taught you don't matter the retreat is
the brainchild of Andrea X a former
Brooklyn I turn expat I left the United
States
because I was sick of gentrification
racism just dealing with being this
black woman trying to figure it out
there it was 2014 and she just lost her
job as a health care facilitator what
started off as a vacation in Costa Rica
became her entire new life she used all
of her personal savings to form this
retreat we needed a safe space that was
outside in the United States to hold
certain conversations and just a hill I
don't think that we can do that in the
United States I think that we're
suffering and suffocating and just dying
every single day trying to survive there
you know not every woman can afford to
go out to Costa Rica what can we do for
the racism day experience for one who
can't afford to be part of your retreat
I think that it's important for people
in the United States black and POC
people to start forming their own spaces
they're easier said than done
white Americans find themselves in white
only meetings and places all the time
without even trying or noticing when
black people want a break from feeling
like a minority they often have to make
an effort
Alexis made the effort and it cost her
2222 dollars but for her and several
other women that's a reasonable price to
pay for a retreat that bans white people
but having white people on this trip
ruin it I don't think we will be as open
and as honest as we are with the group
that we're in now
do you all feel like you've been
stereotyped one thing I always got is
you're so well-spoken and I don't think
people understand how much it's how it's
something that is what else would you
expect from me I'm curious if it's been
no different for you since the election
of President Trump for black we knew
that racism has been around but it's a
bit more in our face now it's made me
had to pivot my interactions to people
and like you know people who actually
support truck I can't trust you on
friendship level family level any level
if you actually are supporting someone
that you know it's completely racist is
some of that anxiety what do you feel
you need to heal from here we're looking
for ways to coping mechanisms you know
and ways to take care of ourselves
because we're not on the agenda do you
feel like you've increasingly lost the
ability to see any shot at a
relationship with white people every
time I have a conversation with them I
just pick up on certain things that they
say whatever I pick up on the
microaggressions the passive
aggressiveness I pick up on it so I
decided one day to just eliminate white
people from my personal life and ever
since then my life has been way more
breezy do you think it's at all possible
that the fact that white racism white
people have should have made you leave
the u.s. start your whole life over
somewhere else feel the need to avoid
them means that they've they've won they
didn't push me out the United States
because if that's the case they could
push me out of any of these countries
because they are here they're everywhere
you know I feel like white people
shouldn't even have passports because
they've done enough patent especially
white Americans leave them in the United
States they do not need to come here
they do you know they should be even
able to travel you need to stay in the
United States but do a white person is
doing their best to be the best white
person they can be I have noticed quite
seriously I have my tip to white people
is to let us have our space let us have
our room and go hang out with other
white people we're okay you know you've
done enough damage no kaha samastah
sukhino bhavantu this retreat much to
Andrea's dismay is held at a white owned
resort that doesn't bother the retreat
participants they haven't cut white
people out full-time but 20 minutes down
the road Andrea and the business partner
have quietly invested nearly a hundred
thousand dollars to build up their own
private retreat space this is where
we'll have the workshops is this just
like a long con to start building your
own black nation out in the middle of
starting with yoga next is gonna be like
a mini government I don't want to have a
mini government but at the same time it
will be a community of just like black
people living here what would you say to
someone who's like you know it's nice as
this sounds like paradise for black
people in some ways like it's motivated
by the same hate that white people who
want to create white nations and white
spaces have um I would say it doesn't
have anything to do with them this is
about us feeling our community is it
practical to create a black nation in
the middle of a jungle or to chase all
white people off your property probably
not and most black people don't want to
do that but the feelings of isolation
that drove Andrea to build her own
community aren't that different from
what drove Alexis to this retreat in the
first place
Andrea has completely given up on the
u.s. I don't blame her I have been
places outside of the US where I have
felt more at home and more included than
I have ever in my community is that an
upsetting thing you know you say it with
like this serene face but to like go
visit somewhere that you're not a
citizen of and feel more at home than
you do in your own country yeah that's
reality unfortunately that's the reality
of our country
you
you
