yeah c'mon yeah
yonathan Eleanor cousin Dave and last
March vice news followed jose castillo
an undocumented immigrant who uprooted
his family and hid them in the basement
of a church in Buffalo and baguette day
I'm not the lawyer Yamaha and snuck them
across the border to Canada to seek
asylum after almost 12 hours of vetting
he and his family were finally granted a
refugee hearing and allowed to animals
bottom a good old certainly not a lot
the more of this look like tens of
thousands of immigrants Jose thought
Canada would welcome him with open arms
but now just ten months later the
promise of Canada isn't all that it
seemed
Zota do a piece a guitar soloing of
evallo who mundo king salmon dollar in
the gallery narrow solo como la la ver
bonito meetin a holla larga avatar me
dinero v10 a op le r un caso maintained
a high in cierto pass on future insert a
solo medieval abogado mira jose castillo
is the ansari / demo tu casa
Jose's refugee claim was denied even
after he appealed in December he was
told to show up to an immigration office
with all of his documents which is
usually what happens before you get
deported
Aloha Co you know me present as I said
that Omonoia are regard limited they
have a harem e familia trehala trehala
day i'm a pozer con permiso traveled all
the way till alla basura instead of
turning himself in he moved his wife and
kids to Vancouver to live with his
sister which shifted his case from the
top of the pile in Alberta to the bottom
of the pile in British Columbia moving
to the back of the line has bought them
some more time but it's also separated
them Jose stayed in Edmonton to try to
make back some of the money he lost
during his case commercial no est√° cerca
de la familia
say mention attorney Ron no no tener mi
familia Tyson cinto Soler
yes or Brenda Starr Anita situatio we
had the canoe command paralyzed
inclusive are epithelial area Arabica
really when the poor came until innocent
Okamura salah water by kimonos and t /
mucho hanyate a lil is really about Jose
thought he was said he's from El
Salvador which is one of the highest
murder rates in the world in Canada
loves immigrants just ask its prime
minister but getting refugee status
isn't that simple it's not enough to
come from a dangerous place you have to
convince a judge that you specifically
would be in danger of sent back
there are many many times when an
extremely heartbroken and angry at the
same time because people have uprooted
themselves based upon expectations that
were completely false
Lauren Waldman is a prominent refugee
and immigration lawyer he's been hearing
from a lot of people like Jose lately
and wishes they had been better informed
a refugee is someone who if they go back
to their country can convince an
adjudicator that there is a serious
possibility that they will be persecuted
so if you've been outside of your
country for 10 years it's harder to
establish that you're gonna get into
trouble when you go back the false hope
that Canada welcomes everyone led more
than 20,000 people to cross the border
from the US last year about twice as
many as the year before the vast
majority of those cases are still
pending which is backed up the entire
system
Canada can't stop the people from coming
but it can try to dissuade them before
they do and that's exactly what it's
been doing with targeted infographics
cautionary tweets and personal visits
from multilingual government officials
it's really important to speak with
people that you with people that do your
job that know that communities are very
involved earlier this month Pablo
Rodriguez a Member of Parliament from
Montreal flew all the way down to Los
Angeles to meet with Central American
community leaders a lot of people they
serve had just learned that their
temporary protected status or TPS will
run out next year now somebody will say
okay Prime Minister Trudeau's enthusiasm
toward immigrants inspired so much false
hope last year that he's even tried to
walk some of it back we are a country of
laws there are rigorous immigration and
customs rules that will be followed make
no mistake we enforce them but the
message clearly hasn't gone far enough
I'm here basically to counter some
misinformation that's circulated in a
lot of media's in Latin American
community for example that Canada has a
special program for TPS beneficiaries
which is which is not the case or that
you can just come into Canada and stay
there for the rest of your life and
which is also as you know not true so is
it fair to say that Canada is maybe not
quite as open of a border as people view
it well it is as long as as you follow
the rules or requirements and the
regulations one
he craves your tacos Joe please sir
Canada Keira Keira Keira El Paraiso que
je first a move for you
por que if in a naturalist semana de
carrera crosses on possibly wanna be a
nolo son yeah come here again
Jonathan Eleanor cousin Dave and Jose's
last hope is that Canada will let he and
his family stay through something called
humanitarian and compassionate grounds
an exception sometimes made for
immigrants who have already settled in
Canada and have young children or family
in the country but it's not a guarantee
and it could be years until he finds out
yeah yeah yeah Sir Handel can poco para
para para comprar algo ya know again for
the civilian equivalent Bonifant I love
you
you
you
