in the Czech Republic voting is underway
in the second and final round of the
presidential election
pitting a pro Europe academic yet Hedra
hosh against the incumbent president
Miller Zaman a fierce nationalist and
critic of the EU the race appears to be
close but it's less about the two men
running than it is about the country's
right to self-determination and what it
means to be from there young Duke sir
has been shooting since he was 12 years
old he believes that owning a gun is a
cultural right and check law backs him
up all that's required to purchase a gun
here
is that the buyer is 21 has no criminal
record and passes a quick test to decide
reality I don't have to start with a
participatory I call super dramatic
Arizona pajamas tacky procedure why'd
you have done so much submission easy
cash teach awake math so behave sorry
school officer ah ignore topology 32
version of Rico knock knock now packet
are washing stolen but buying guns is
harder now because of a new EU directive
passed last year after investigators
discovered that the guns used in the
Charlie Hebdo attack had been purchased
legally in Eastern Europe
the Czech governments filed lawsuits
against the EU saying that the directive
discriminates against Czech culture
presidents Miller's a man publicly
backed the suits are you voting in this
presidential election well who you
voting for Zaman Audra hush Lamar
why this team says yep she representant
Prochazka republic ooh yep or Lamia is a
man salmon's opponent Yugi drew hach√©
former head of the Czech Academy of
Sciences is a classic pro-europe liberal
in the man's view a threat to national
identity
the man practices a brash style of
politics displays like that makes a man
unpopular in big city progress but his
rural supporters see him as a defender
of the country he now calls Czechia from
Muslims and from migrants migration is
connected with terrorism because some
jihadists are hidden inside migration
wave Brussels is now suing the Czech
Republic
along with Hungary and Poland over their
refusal to take in refugees
but the Muslim community here is
actually very small there are fewer than
22,000 in a country of 10 million which
guards film Belet filbert akela hamsa
according to Vedic erotic a local Muslim
community leader the anti Islam rhetoric
has left Muslims struggling with the
rise in hate crimes he moved to Prague
15 years ago we lost a man
you little Muslim in and hamsa artha
most le fer Allah which time add Czech
Republic called Jeremy Jeremy la
cara he said dollar Yanni Oh shucks Adam
Lee ballad luck in another time real
Islam Jui dhankasur
Oh Jude any animal halal water harder
empty hacia for vida by Allah and Haku
my guys love our logic the
anti-immigration anti-europe nude is
being driven in part by hardline prism
and websites and the man himself is
doing what he can to help he's given
dozens of interviews bashing the EU to a
Czech news sites notorious for being
loose with the facts
Jakub yonder is a disinformation experts
based in Prague if presidents a man is
elected again and his populist style of
politics continues and his digital army
are allowed to continue what could that
mean for the relationship with the EU
the problem with Czech president is that
they are by our constitution ceremonial
figures so they don't have many real
powers but they said the rhetoric yes
but they send a trend they speak a lot
and they also have can have quite a lot
of impact on foreign policy of the
country
which can mean that president Simon
already said several times that he would
support a referendum on Czech Republic
leaving the you like a brexit style
won't do you think there's a real chance
of a check that referendum I think it
can happen I'm not saying we are leaving
the you tomorrow
but this trend is very much here and if
they have a president who is supporting
this agenda there is very dangerous for
the whole country
do you think referendum should be held
here in Isla De Niro's autumn sistema
dude any boy actor Ajith Raja Petrovic
salumi me resist imagine a tomorrow
cadre politic Theresa Restonic vote
citizen I do miss Li ji hae na bone
marrow euro dosage Ganesh mastani
doc attack totally knee Raja be near
post local the bhagavad support Lazaro
baggage an honorable Frances and Abram
said to Jacob
