do you feel like this is something
that's really impacting your life in a
big way
like interfering with your ability to do
your work I was doing this interview
with John Cho we all good we decided for
some reason we're gonna do it at the top
of this building I did it I couldn't
refuse I mean it's my job yeah you know
I mean and it's kind of hard to explain
but I have a fear of heights I feel like
it's not like a normal fear of heights
I'm worried that I will jump off of
things basically is what happens
regardless of whether or not it's fear
of heights or you know a form of OCD the
good news is that this sort of issue is
one of the most effectively treatable
conditions not just in mental health but
also in all of healthcare really yeah
okay yeah Wow that conversation was real
what's not so real is the way dr. Arana
vich wants to treat me he's one of about
200 therapists testing a new virtual
reality platform with his patients most
people have only used VR to play video
games but now the VR technology is
getting cheaper people are starting to
use it for other things like therapy
limbic startup in Palo Alto is
developing VR experiences that mimic
real life you can tell me what you're
seeing right now it's a good place to
start
welcome to limbic cor take a moment to
adjust your headset get comfortable and
prepare for therapy like this driving
scenario with variable intensity and
danger the idea is that if someone's
afraid of something the best way to
treat them is to gradually expose them
to it and over time their fear will get
less intense or even go away
what other kind of environments do you
have already put together so public
speaking is obviously a really common in
xiety for people if you want you can
stand up in front of the crowd you can
look around in all directions see your
presentation and then once the therapist
decides ok Dexter is comfortable talking
in front of this positive casual
audience you can then make the audience
angry I would not have thought of this
one I would I mean
Heights yes cars sure this is this is
kind of this a little bit off the beaten
path limbic slunk turn plan is to sell
its software to large institutions like
VA hospitals and drug and alcohol
treatment clinics so far limbic says 3
million dollars in VC funding and
there's six months into their testing
program with therapists so are you
saying something yes looks like sand
maybe a beach yeah great
if you feel like comfortable my plan
would be to kind of take it up a notch
sure yeah let's do it okay I think this
one might be a good option take it to
the edge here nope
I would never do this in real life okay
what's the essence right now the sense
is why am I here okay
hold on one second I think you should be
transported to a bridge Gabe yep
did you just take it to 11 is this 11
just be honest with me this is it I mean
it's dependent on you does it feel like
an 11 uh I mean I don't know how much
higher you could take it this is pretty
bad
that's a hundred out of a hundred we're
pushing 80 and 90 yeah this is this is
up there let's stop here whenever you're
ready I would say go ahead and take that
sure headset off yeah so um yeah how was
that for you so I felt realer than I
thought it would interesting yeah you
know it's still different than actually
being there sure right but it's
impractical to go there yeah and so this
really kind of bridges us between you
know office-based imaginal exposure
where I just asked you to imagine it and
being there
dr. Arana vich says the properly
treating my fear of heights could take a
few months of VR sessions considering I
figure that have to be terrified alleges
for the rest of my life that doesn't
sound so bad
you
