tonight teaching the children of
terrorists Democrats next move on Dhaka
and keeping the government out of
homeschooling
at least two students are dead after a
classmate opened fire in a Kentucky high
school today the victims a boy and a
girl were both 15 years old and 17 other
people were injured the shooter who is
also 15 hasn't been named yet he was
armed with a handgun and was taken into
custody in what the state's governor
described as a non-violent arrest
prosecutors are set to charge him with
murder and attempted murder the Kentucky
State Police has been in this area
recently teaching students and faculty
how to respond to an active shooter
situation and everybody that high school
reacted appropriately the Justice
Department confirmed that Special
Counsel Robert Muller's office
interviewed Attorney General Jeff
Sessions last week and former FBI
director James Comey was also reportedly
interviewed last year sessions is the
first known interview of a member of
president Trump's cabinet for Muller's
investigation into russia's election
interference and the question of whether
the president obstructed justice
sessions recused himself from the Russia
probe after he failed to tell Congress
he met with Russia's then ambassador to
the u.s. twice during the 2016 campaign
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
says the remaining members of the
trans-pacific partnership or TPP have
reached a revised agreement exactly one
year ago today President Trump signed an
executive order pulling the u.s. out of
the trade deal but 11 countries are now
going ahead with plans to take down
trade barriers anyway though under the
heading of a slightly longer name
they're expected to sign the
comprehensive and progressive agreement
for trans-pacific partnership or CP TPP
in March
a judge in Myanmar has postponed a
decision on whether to grant bail for
two detained Reuters journalists until
early next month
the two men were reporting on the
military crackdown that's pushed
hundreds of thousands of Rohingya
Muslims to flee to Bangladesh today in
court
according to Reuters it was revealed
that Myanmar police went straight to the
country's president for permission to
investigate whether the journalist
violated a colonial-era secrecy law by
passing the usual channels and timetable
for that kind of request if convicted
the journalists face up to 14 years in
prison
Pakistani police have arrested a suspect
in the brutal rape and murder of
seven-year-old zeyneb Ansari who was
found dead in a garbage dump on January
9th
police say the 24 year old man has
confessed last year there were at least
11 similar cases in the Kosar district
where ansari lived and her death led to
protests across the country
demonstrators say the police and the
government aren't doing enough to
protect children and they're criticizing
a culture of silence around sexual
assault
Secretary of Defense James Madison
Jakarta today to meet with his
Indonesian counterpart to talk military
cooperation and counterterrorism
strategy Indonesia is one of the USA's
most important security partners in the
Pacific but it's also a major exporter
of terrorists
hundreds of Indonesians have traveled to
Iraq and Syria to join Isis and at home
authorities are monitoring more than
2,500 people linked to extremist groups
the government has implemented D
radicalization camps for convicted
militants but getting a handle on the
problem may mean starting earlier
these 20 boys attend LGD of an islamic
boarding school in sumatra founded in
2015 it's the only school in indonesia
dedicated to the children of terrorists
the man behind the school is ferrell
Ghazali he's actually a convicted
terrorist himself he was a member of
Jamaat is Lamia a terrorist organization
behind bombings on the island of Bali in
2002 and 2005 Demon Deacons well I mean
you can t kasaya
Panera Cowan cover need to young Bhutto
sekolah leaders Cola samus galley pearl
on terror the new Bahia I know I can
demand party knowledge adding and Sarah
Sarah terrorism did occur when you de
terrorist there or a Subaru when you are
a preacher a terrorist preacher did you
also brainwash children into the idea of
carrying out violent jihad yeah because
you have experience in brainwashing as
you say that you did what you're doing
now is reverse brainwashing the new law
so brainwashed you get to moonin Vatican
my candidate that obvious the students
take classes like engineering and music
and help out on the school's farm the
ghazali thinks that the way they teach
Islam is the key to changing the
students minds
Davina listen ammonia when I kept on
occupancy and Cappadonna gara about the
system you and Roger can be salami - -
party - yeah Melania maracas anonymity
policy my Lancer Karen Arden Cheeta
Cheeta imagine a policy many of the
students have come to the school through
Cazale sold networks he believes there
are as many as 3,000 children of
terrorists across Indonesia Assam and
his two brothers were some of the
school's first students saying it yeah
legitimately
me doing sniffing it though ingeras how
I really talk what did you think about
that then yes Anya
what was it like when your dad was sent
to jail did people treat you differently
and somebody another did you do not
there or they said their father drummer
in spends five years in prison for
robbing banks and helping to fund
extremist training camps if your son's
didn't come to the school do you think
that there is a likelihood they would
have become terrorists themselves
believe Kaimuki none or indeed a
philosopher teeny him a popper said
bogeyman upon and I don't Oh Sarang I
Anya lady will get to America silly
American should have time development oh
sorry
the government has now taken notice of
the school's progress giving
administrators money to buy land and to
construct new buildings including a new
mosque yeah you needn't bang master plan
from Yunnan pesantren supporter hood
incur depan next year's class will
triple the number of students and
include girls for the first time a decir
the john tom hollie then the guna canada
but about lying back an iranian
when the captain Tejada terrorists
mainly pukka pukka can you comment
across on the poppy do girl when the
catenary hottie karate the UN special
envoy to Yemen has announced he's
resigning next month the second to step
down from that role in three years of
fighting in that time the country's
civil war which has pitted a saudi-led
coalition against Iran has shown
virtually no signs of letting up just
this week the UN announced that a
record-high three-quarters of the
population is badly in need of
humanitarian aid another indicator of
what's already been called the world's
worst humanitarian crisis vice news met
with one man last summer who thought
he'd been promised a chance to escape it
all and start over in the u.s. we caught
up with him again now back in Yemen
just over a year ago college student
abdul rahman Zaid left his home in
impotent Southwest Yemen for a fresh
start in the US velocity V and now
jollity Canasta lumber and safari
lalettan with the hotel Amriki bhai
Patel wallop Saudi no Anna in 2016 Zaid
had won what's known as the u.s. green
card lottery he was chosen for one of
the 50,000 green cards available to
foreign citizens every year aha Kamala
Feldman a fraud Allah Allah myself and
myself as well adam-11 Suhani Sudha
hellenistic resident the diversity visa
was going to be zade's golden ticket out
of Yemen which has been ravaged by civil
war famine and cholera since the u.s.
closed its embassy in Yemen because of
the war he would have to travel to
Malaysia to finish interviewing for his
green card yeah bad foes evil eyelash
whaa ya later with the heddle and icky
economy we're having out of an idea no
soul Allah arrived in Latin tidal and
rikiya with about twelve thousand
dollars in his pocket he headed to
Malaysia in December 2016
to complete the visa process and to
begin planning for a new life in the US
in a New York Brooklyn
I'm inshallah vanilla the Rasool Allah
and get easier
I was holy master why I'm 11 Zaid had to
wait months as the embassy processed his
application meanwhile Trump's travel ban
made its way through the courts and the
State Department changed up an important
policy
Zaid would now need to have a family
member living in the u.s. to vouch for
him in order to qualify for his visa but
he didn't have any relatives in America
and in September the State Department
told him all the visa spots had already
been filled
Alan Ladd very delicate Powell a dream
Alhassan out of money and with no other
options he had to return to Yemen surely
dad
nikasha oh yeah yeah oh sorry man
welcome to Hawaii I need the normal
terracotta terracotta aida they were
given earlier I needed the holy weekend
they dropped out of college to focus on
moving to the US now with no chance of
entering he's starting his studies again
turkey leader as I can a subsidiarity
cotton and then interact derasa tea
school I had forgotten in school who I
had met in Tanah Abang had Utley the
Syrah ha colored photo da da da
since they returned he's been detained
twice by the Houthi forces who now
control his city most recently for
selling bags on the streets just trying
to earn some money to pay for school
and a half kid he liked my stuffed belly
is that having it easy a little bit
about lacking the need as I didn't
listen after asking you I gotta say we
sell a lot a day after agreeing to end
the government shutdown Washington
Democrats are dealing with an unfamiliar
sensation the wrath of their own base
dreamers and their progressive allies
are furious that Democrats in the Senate
gave in after just three days the
message from Democratic leaders we've
got this and we're fighting for you but
there's a difference between having
principles and having a plan of attack
Senate Democrats know what they want a
pathway to citizenship for dreamers they
just don't seem to have much of a plan
how to get it we know from a couple of
bipartisan immigration bills that Dems
are willing to offer some concessions to
Republicans for instance making the
diversity visa lottery program
merit-based and hiring more immigration
court judges but these are minor
concessions and Republicans pan them and
today Chuck Schumer took one of their
major bargaining chips off the table
when he told the White House Democrats
would no longer support funding the
border wall that was their main selling
point for house conservatives who were
already digging in their heels against
anything that offered a pathway to
citizenship for dreamers and the house
is probably the biggest roadblock to a
deal
find that a bill makes it through the
Senate in the first place when I ask
Nevada senator Katherine Cortez Masto
how Democrats will get a bill through
both chambers she didn't really have an
answer
what do Democrats want to see from an
eventual deal on dot that has to be a
pathway to citizenship and they don't
start there then we're gonna continue
this fight that's something that House
Republicans have said is a non-starter
though so how do you expect to get
something passed through both chambers
if that's your demand well that's where
negotiation comes in they want certain
things we want certain things at the end
of the day I don't know about you but
it's gonna be hard pressed to tell these
kids that sorry we want you here but we
don't want you to be a citizen that
makes sense for Democrats but for
conservative House Republicans it
doesn't seem like they care about that
kind of thing so how do you convert the
good news is this they don't need
unanimous consent we need a hundred
percent voting to support this well Paul
Ryan's not gonna bring it to the floor
unless it has majority support from
Republicans and well I'll tell you what
though what what my colleagues both
houses need to understand is eight
percent of the country supports this
this is the right thing to do you want
to stand on the right side of history
but being on the right side of history
doesn't mean much if you don't have the
votes to pass your plan into law
Democrats do have one hardball tactic to
win those votes shutting down the
government over daca again but that's
risky a CNN poll last week found voters
didn't think saving daca was worth the
shutdown and there's no guarantee it
would work it didn't this weekend which
may be why Cortes Masto is fundamentally
non-committal do you think Democrats
should be willing to force another
shutdown and if a doctor deal is not
reached it'll be interesting to see you
know again we're in the same boat
another continuing resolution more of
the same I don't trust Mitch McConnell
we've seen him break promises to his own
not only to Democrats but his own caucus
masae wonder hold our feet to the fire
now let's go after that sounds like a
yes to a potential shutdown in the
future I can't speak of what's gonna
happen the few
but I can tell you from my perspective
the Republicans have now publicly said
this leadership has publicly said what
it's willing to do and everybody is
watching David and Louise Turpin
appeared in court last week to face a
mountain of charges including torture
false imprisonment and abuse news
reports that the two had kept their 13
children shackled and starving well into
adulthood shocked the country and it's
already prompting California legislators
to push for more oversight of home
schooling which shielded the Turpin
children from any interaction with state
authorities under the current system
setting up a private home school in
California is as simple as completing an
online form with basics including the
school's name and address who's in
charge and the number of students it's
education with few rules and that's not
an accident Dexter Thomas sat down with
one advocate who's helped lead the fight
to keep the state out of homeschooling a
lot of people I think are looking at
what happened in Paris California and
they're saying oh my gosh how could
these people have been running in this
this home school that was like a dungeon
or something why is it that there was
not more oversight over the school right
and you have to the school part is the
red herring if you if the family didn't
say that it was running a private school
and just kept its 12 children in a
dungeon like environment just take the
school out of it what rights does the
state have to oversee how parents raise
their children and you know the truth is
the state has no right to come into your
home without reasonable cause okay and
you want that you do not want to live in
a society where the state can enter your
home and inspect what you're doing you
don't think I think the tough thing
there is that if there's nobody checking
period because there's no sort
outside check to see are these kids safe
so if you're sending your kids to public
school
god forbid you're abusing them right a
teachers gonna hopefully know right
hopefully or you know these people were
hell-bent on hiding their children from
the world and I don't know what the
remedy for that is there's I think there
are a lot of people now who feel like
homeschooling is enabling bad parents
they basically evil parents to do these
really terrible things and we must stop
this somehow you know but it isn't and
bad parents are gonna be bad parents
criminals are gonna be criminals
regardless crime will happen it is bad
but do you really infringe on the rights
of every other citizen to try and
prevent that case there and and my my
belief is no you don't do that
I can head-banging but I want to damage
these headphones this is a little peep
with marshmallow and lil people of
course is the young man who
unfortunately passed away recently the
processing on the vocals and the
productions there's a lot going on there
there's a fifth harmony maybe even a
fourth but it's not consistent it comes
and goes
but from other things I've heard of
little peep that's somewhat consistent
with his delivery it's just very sad
that he won't be making any more music
on this plane maybe on another in
another realm there's a appetizing
quality especially to the bass where the
bass is being distorted slightly crappy
audio playback devices in this current
age have actually led to interesting
innovations like that bass sound
well he's singing about supernova and I
was curious as to how that related to
the idea of an imploding star but
perhaps he's describing his life as
imploding
boy oh boy girl in her
I thought a lot sort of a saxophone
sound motif and that sort of reggaeton
beat it's also for better or worse
guilty of what is said to be one of the
worst rhyme offenses which is world and
girl and I like music that has this
drone doesn't need to be a lot of key
change action or parts it's just you
just could listen to it forever
that was excellent there's this feeling
of perfect love that comes out of a
certain kind of I guess what you call
p-funk specifically and then you can
just zero in on any particular elements
all stacked in and focus on the baseline
focus on the high-hat focus on the vocal
part it makes me feel better about
everything it's it's a healing feeling
it's extremely powerful that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday January 23rd
you
