just driving towards the very southern
tip of Hawaii's Big Island which not so
long ago was an absolute paradise but
this one-time paradise has become a
magnet for the oceans plastic
oh you can see as far as the horizon as
the remains of human refuse this could
be from Asia to be from mainland America
and all of the stuff comes from Great
Pacific Garbage Patch
the Garbage Patch also known as the
North Pacific Gyre is where ocean
currents converge to create a
concentration of plastics a lot of the
plastic at Camilo Beach has been
circulating in the ocean for so long
it's been broken down into tiny
particles or micro plastics which are
nearly impossible to clean up
how frequently do you do these beach
peanuts you know we've done 32 so far
this year we're gonna pick the stuff up
and come back down here next week and it
could potentially be just as dirty if
not worse this plastic it doesn't just
ruin a day at the beach it's estimated
that nearly 700 marine species have
encountered man-made debris at Hawaii's
oceanic Institute dr. David heimbach is
studying how plastic is becoming a
permanent part of our ecosystem so this
bird was incidental killed Beast then
you see the hooks coming out of them
what is this is the gizzard not some of
the hearts out of the way a 2015 study
predicted that as many as 90 percent of
all sea birds worldwide now consume
plastic as part of their diet
how about you think most of this plastic
has traveled it could be coming from
anywhere
I mean we're finding plastic in
Antarctic species you know places where
people don't really go so this is really
a global issue and it's not just birds
eating of plastic oceanographer dr.
Anela chai is studying the plastics
impact on the entire ocean food chain
this is a pelagic fish and what's great
about these guys is they sample the
environment for us
silly sample the stomach's from
different locations in the ocean take a
look at what what they're feeding on
whoa look what we have here that's a
giant piece of plastic these pieces of
plastic are made out of which all we
have and other chemical contaminants
when pieces of plastic are in the water
column they sort of act as little
sponges they actually accumulate toxins
and then they get injustice
by animals and so we're still learning
about the chemistry of what happens when
fish like that eats it how out of hand
does this situation goes like animals at
almost every single trophic level the
food web in the open ocean area
ingesting plastics yeah it's the biggest
habitat on the planet and if there's
plastic throughout that habitat it's
gonna have some really serious impacts
many of the species humans eat prey on
lancet fish meaning plastic is likely
finding its way up the food chain and
into our dinners are you worried that
any of that plastic might find its way
into the fish of course it happens you
know I mean how we're gonna stop it I
don't know it's coming from all over the
world so what happens when you've got
the fish on the boat fine like a plastic
bag or like bottle caps things like that
you are what you eat
depending on what the fish is yes so
it's probably not the best for the fish
and for you plastic in our world's
oceans is reaching crisis levels since
the Great Pacific Garbage Patch was
discovered in 1997 for additional
patches have been found across the globe
accumulating more and more plastic we
spoke with Dominic quarry at the World
Economic Forum who is tracking the
problem on a global scale plastic is one
the most pervasive human-made materials
that we have where the problem will be
make a lot of plastic we kind of use it
once or the most twice and let me get
rid of it and ultimately it can you go
into three places it can be burnt it can
be land filled or it can be dumped and
dumping of
means the sea don't forget in the mass
urbanization that we're going through a
lot of this is in coastal areas most big
cities are by the sea eight million tons
of that plastic goes into the ocean
every year that's about equivalent of
one garbage truck every minute that one
garbage truck will become for garbage
trucks by the 2050 or so if we carry on
that rate there would be more plastic by
weight in the ocean than fish so as a
human to the conundrum is surely can't
be good what is the wake-up call with
165 million tons of plastic already in
the ocean and more being dumped in every
day it's hard to imagine how we would
even begin to clean this up but there is
someone who is attempting to do just
that when talking about environmental
issues and I think a common responses
well that's a long way off that's for
our children to worry about
so hello since Boyan was 16 he's been on
an environmental mission now six years
later he's crowdfunded millions of
dollars to start his own company the
ocean cleaner along with the team of top
engineers and scientists their goal is
simple to rid the world's oceans of
plastic we caught up with Boyan at the
ocean cleanup offices and plastic
laboratory there's a Great Pacific
Garbage Patch this is the concentration
of right so there are five of them in
the world and because the North Pacific
is most polluted we'll start with that
or trying all these different variables
like how large should it be what angle
should it be to get to a system that
collects most plastic for as little cost
as possible
Boyan and his team spent years mapping
the Great Pacific Garbage Patch to
understand how to go about cleaning it
up so talk me through how the ocean
cleanup works really the problem is that
although there is a lot of plastic it's
spread out over a very large area so you
first need to concentrate it before you
get it out so what we propose is to
deploy sort of an artificial coastline
where there is no coastline so we have
this very long array of floating
barriers that is anchored to the seabed
the
ocean current does the hard work for us
brings the plastic towards it and
concentrates in the center and once it
in the center it's so dense you can
hardly see the water and that's the spot
where we can easily take it out and
store it before shipping it to landfill
recycle over 95 percent of the mass is
still in those big objects which is so
urgent to clean up because all that big
stuff will become micro plastics over
the next few decades which is the
problem why is no one else attempted to
clean up on the scale you're proposing
people assume that a complex problem
requires a complex solution but I think
the simpler solution can be the better
when I started this I didn't know
whether it would work but I thought
considering the scale of the problem
that it was just important to at least
try after months spent perfecting the
design buoyance invention is ready for
the ultimate test to find out whether it
can survive in the ocean
neat ocean cleanups prototype unveiling
boy I didn't even fill that bus party
type in the
we're gonna go see the progress and
getting it out and it's gonna be test
for all-weather swords which is a
perfect baster here on the North Sea it
gets pretty stormy out here
the conditions in the North Sea are
pretty severe though with the first -
storm will get forces higher than during
a hundred year storm in the Pacific
Ocean it's pretty safe to say that if it
survives here it will survive anyway but
to scale the array to be scooping up the
Pacific Garbage Patch
Boyan has a way to go what we're seeing
here is just one segment and eventually
the thing will be about a thousand times
larger than this and then somewhere in
the center of this giant v-shaped array
we would have this conveyor belts and
pumps to extract plastic I mean a
hundred kilometers it's very large for a
man-made structure but it's peanuts
compared to the size of the Pacific
Ocean
assuming everything does go to plan
what's the next step we should be ready
to deploy the first full operational
system by late 2017 so that will be the
first time we're actually removing
plastic from the ocean at the large
scale and then if that goes well we
should be ready to start the largest
cleanup in history by 2020 so this is
just the beginning is not the end
while Boyan works towards hitting the
next milestone of his experiment he's
simul Tanous leap planning what to do
with the degraded plastic he's able to
collect and how to make it valuable
again this is one of the companies we're
working with to actually produce the
recycling product because eventually
this is sort of how we want to finance
the the whole ocean cleaner this is a
machine where we put in the flakes so
the ground-up ocean plastic objects so
to get the the highest quality of of
plastic we really want to sort it first
before recycling it
and then it shoot Oh exit here it is
exactly as a fast solution the process
involves chopping up the plastic into
tiny beads myrdal these are then sold
and melted down into the objects we use
in everyday life yeah so this is sort of
the whole currency of the plastic
industry so car companies buy these
noodles to make their products and
furniture companies use them as well so
it's sort of giving ocean plastic a
second life this is pretty cool to know
that this plastic has been around for
the last few decades and could have come
from anywhere in the world oh yeah in
this sort of well being some of the
first plastic that was ever produced at
scale in the fifties and sixties while
Boeing is recycling ocean plastics and
to more permanent uses vast majority of
the world's plastics are never recycled
at all in fact even the most commonly
used are only recycled fourteen percent
of the time but at IBM dr. Jeanette
Garcia is developing a process called
chemical recycling that could change how
we think about plastics altogether how
do you see plastic is a big problem or
is a great invention I think of plastic
as being a great invention because it
permeates our entire life plastic is
ubiquitous in everything from shoes
pills to healthcare to disposable
syringes and so to try to do away with
it completely is probably not a viable
option
tell us about chemical recycling and why
you think that fianza
the main difference is that in
mechanical recycling what you're doing
is you're taking the material and you
have to shred it down and then melt it
down remoulded and it can only happen at
a certain number of times before it
loses the properties chemical recycling
is different because what you actually
do is you take the material and you
chemically react it so it goes back down
to its most fundamental unit that
fundamental unit can then be reacted
again back into the same thing or into
something different and we can reach a
100% like full cycle process if we can
scale this process up we could take the
hundreds of millions of tons of
discarded
we cycled them and move towards a
zero-waste economy people are gonna
start realizing that we can save money
and a lot of money by recycling
materials and so that it makes sense
from all stand points we have to start
thinking of our landfills as gold mines
with the right approach and the will to
make it happen all this trash would
become valuable again and solving this
mammoth environmental task could create
an economic miracle economically if we
had to pay for all our plastic which we
could do something better with between
80 and 120 billion dollars a year that
you can make valuable with straightaway
effectively but like anything in life if
there's a problem then it's going to be
opportunity we know through history in
terms of disruptions and industries or
new products that its kind of innovators
and disruptors it kind of take us to the
next level the fact that we now are
creating a path in which there is a
chance that we can have clean oceans
again that could potentially inspire a
lot more people to get involved in this
problem human history is a long list of
things that could not be done and then
we're done
really the challenge this century is to
convert a lifestyle created in a
previous century into one that will
still be around in the next century
you
