tonight the workers the guys like you
who voted for Trump they're not getting
me can I speak freely yeah we got
on protesters are getting moved back by
the police they're blocking the highway
here and stopping traffic and really I
sleep with my computer by the bed when I
get an alarm I wake up and I go into
action Pakistan High Court suspended the
sentence a former prime minister Nawaz
Sharif two months into a 10-year jail
term Sharif his daughter and son-in-law
were convicted on corruption charges in
July after failing to explain how they
bought several expensive London
apartments Sharif supporters celebrated
outside the court which suspended all
three sentences saying the prosecution
failed to show the apartments belong to
Sharif the poster child of 3d printed
guns was charged with the sexual assault
of a minor Austin police say Cody Wilson
learned he was being investigated before
leaving for Taiwan's capital where he
was last seen an arrest warrant
affidavit alleges the 30 year olds met
his 16 year old girl on sugar daddy meet
calm paying her five hundred dollars for
sex in an Austin hotel room last month
Wilson didn't respond to a request for
comment Germany's top spy chief has been
pushed out of his job after being
accused of having far-right sympathies
for claiming that a video that appeared
to show him all the far-right protesters
chasing an immigrant was fake
directly contradicting Chancellor Angela
Merkel but firing hans-georg Maassen
who since walked back his claims denying
he favors the far-right would threaten a
delicate power balance in Merkel's
coalition so instead she's promoted him
guys appear to have it guys do have it
the bill is amended he's passed the
Senate unanimously passed the biggest
change to US copyright law in 20 years
the music Modernization Act aims to
catch up with the streaming era by
creating a new agency to collect and pay
out royalties a feeding how royalty
rates are set compensating artists for
recordings made before 1972 and
formalizing how royalties are paid to
producers the first time producers have
been mentioned
US copyright law
this should be a great time to be an
American steel worker demands up hirings
up this guy is in the white house we're
going to be instituting tariffs workers
are back on the job and we are once
again pouring new American steel into
the spine of our country Trump kept
those promises about time right and for
now at least it seemed to be giving the
steel industry a shot in the arm in the
first quarter after Trump announced his
steel tariffs the industry's profits
more than doubled for steel workers
though it's another story they're still
struggling and they want their share of
the steel boom I've been it still worker
for 18 years and I've never seen
anything like this in my life or this
company
won't even negotiate with us in a hotel
in downtown Pittsburgh leaders of the
United Steel Workers Union and the u.s.
steel company are trying to negotiate a
new contract the word around town as the
talks aren't going very well
steel workers are preparing for historic
strike that could come any day now
in the Mon Valley just south of
Pittsburgh
US Steel has giant plants that date all
the way back to Andrew Carnegie workers
here have voted to strike if they don't
get a new contract with a raise quick
too soon hit right into me Justin
Ellsworth is 37 he's worked at US
Steel's Clairton coke Works plant for 13
years you know when it comes to beer he
drinks local I live two of those and
right next to them when it comes to
politics
he's a bernie guy why am I sitting in a
town yeah where industry has this
industry that was promised it was gonna
come back yeah has come back uh-huh why
am I sitting in the town talking to a
workers thinking let me be going on
strike well there's a difference between
a company making the money and its
workers making money it's the long and
short of it while the tariffs have done
wonders for our industry so far that
hasn't filtered down box u.s. steel says
his proposed contract contains
significant base wage increases lump sum
bonuses and choice among high quality
benefit plants workers don't see it that
way they agreed to a pay freeze and
reduce benefits in their last contract
they sacrifice through the bad years now
they want to enjoy the good ones we
never threatened a labor stoppage
because they were you know the industry
was where it was at and this time for
them to come to us and say I mean some
of the original proposals were just
insane so all we're asking us for you
know kind of fair wage increases instead
of just kind of you know making 2
billion dollars and then kind of coming
around the backing me okay let's see how
much this we can shove up your assets to
save conant we're making all this money
a work stoppage could literally be
announced at any moment
that leaves workers to ponder the loss
of income a strike would bring guys like
Eric Collins he's got a new bike and a
new bank note to go along with him
Eric is 44 a veteran of the Iraq war the
last 13 years
he's worked for us deal eric is a Trump
guy Eric and the people who run us deal
agree on a lot of stuff they both
thought a vote for Trump would make the
money the steel industry got everything
it wanted out of the president I said
yes yes and then the workers the guys
like you who voted for Trump they're not
getting a cannot agree freely yeah we
got on by who by the corporation
itself but when the president talked
about steel on the campaign trail mm-hmm
he talked about the guys who go in the
factory yes the workers us the
blue-collar do you think he understands
that you guys are not feeling like
you're getting taken care of
hopefully it caught his attention and I
hope he would be listening to the
workers and not just looking it look
u.s. steel stocks are up they're doing
good what you want him to do if you
could do something it feel like I'd like
to have him have a sit-down with this
CEO and tell him to stop being an
asshole and this isn't what I gave the
tax breaks for so guys like only him can
benefit and reap from what we sow the
politics could get really awkward
conservatives generally don't support
strikes but what are they gonna do if
the industry that strikes is when the
Trump loves to love
this is gonna be the real test right
because Trump is a businessman and he is
a friend of the working man or so he
says
so this is where we're gonna have the
division about to decide which sides
gonna win out which I didn't know went
out as a hardcore you know right-wing
person I would be extremely disappointed
if he sided with you know the corporate
greed side I'd be really disappointed
five days after Hurricane Florence made
landfall in the Carolinas
president Trump paid a visit he chatted
with residents handed out food and was
all compliments when he met with
emergency officials the job you've done
has been incredible incredible they're
talking about it all over the world and
we've done a real job and we've got to
continue to do that real job because
another phase is coming in right now and
we're gonna meet that face just like
we've met phase one if it seems like
Trump wants to show that their response
is moving quickly that may be because
his administration has been on defense
ever since Hurricane Maria struck Porto
Rico killing what's now believed to be
about 3,000 people his stop in North
Carolina was in the town of New Bern
where waters have been receiving but
that's not the case everywhere in the
state here in Pembroke a small inland
town with about 3,000 people it kind of
feels like day one military vehicles
have been making their way in and out of
flooded streets rescue crews are
searching for people and animals and
during by boat and flying over by
helicopter most of the town which sits
along the lumber river didn't flood
during the storm or even immediately
after it it flooded early this morning
surprising families who thought they had
made it out unscathed my yard I mean
they had to see to take a boat out in
order to get here starting what's
happening here in Pembroke is exactly
what public officials have been warning
about since Monday when the rain finally
stopped many rivers in North Carolina
are still sitting at or near record
levels threatening makeshift provisions
that were put in place to stop water
from flooding on the streets they can
only hold the water for so long and when
they give the water can flow into
neighborhoods for days it's rising as we
speak if you look when we first got here
it wasn't in the highway right here but
now it's in the highway so it's
definitely rising it's still rising FEMA
adjusters say they're only a day or two
away from making it to the ground to
assess damage the very first step in
giving money to homeowners so they can
pay for repairs but it could be weeks
before folks in some parts of the state
know how they fared Pembroke is not the
only place that is going to suffer a
second flood officials in Lumberton
about 10 miles away where water has
begun to recede have already started
warning residents that it could flood
again whenever people do make it home
it'll still just be the start if
something folks here understand better
than most
hurricane Matthew hit two years ago but
it was just this past June that Robeson
County announced it would be getting 11
million dollars from FEMA to repair
replace or demolish 119 buildings I
think he takes years because even
there's some people around here that
it's been two years not even two years
ago soon I better sleep
messieurs I think it definitely takes
years inhale Positano see anubhav
hamdulillah and I have been here many
climb above this is kana LACMA a Bedouin
village in the West Bank five miles east
of Jerusalem where fewer than 200 people
live on Kasim Yousef a Buddha hook and
therefore kids call this home which I
was known to be wrong for love no hate
no Coulomb it may not seem like much but
the land is ideal for veterans who take
their hundreds of sheep and goats to
graze in the open fields
but the set of worship Mahadi love ya
know about idea with ania ania when
zhenya but now they're waiting for the
bulldozers two weeks ago Israel's
Supreme Court upheld an order to
demolish the village and forcibly
relocate its residents in 2009 the
Israeli Ministry of Defense ordered the
demolition citing zoning concerns since
the village is so close to Route one a
major highway connecting Jerusalem to
the Dead Sea it's now one of 46
communities facing demolition orders
neighboring Israeli settlers for filed
for petitions urging the Supreme Court
to move forward with the demolition
finally this year the government decided
to go ahead every Friday since the court
announced its decision activists from
around the West Bank have descended on
kana lakum are what's left now after
this decision what are the options now
we will have to turn up with our bodies
this decision is a decision of
occupation it is not a real court they
are paying even with our board with
their rules you can see the protesters
are getting moved back by the police
they're blocking the highway here and
stopping traffic and failing
this is the kind of thing that's been a
flashpoint in the past Corrales MA is
sandwiched between two major Israeli
settlements and villagers say Israel
wants to evict them to build more
creating a giant block that would
physically separate Jerusalem from
Palestinians in the West Bank since
President Trump was elected the number
of settlements approved by Israel's
government has nearly tripled
Palestinians say this administration has
given Israel past to do what I want in
the West Bank Palestinians make up about
88 percent of the population but have
been allocated less than one percent of
public land
this village has been here since the
1950s well before group 1 was paved the
tribe was relocated here after they were
kicked out of the Negev desert when the
State of Israel was formed can you
measure una canción a loose cannon and
Nick rivers of Vietnam in master llamas
I'm shy alienation young hallelu see
anything somehow a big dumb luck Nguyen
my famous hello honey
no not 60th Avenue clearly and sub the
UN issued a statement condemning
Israel's actions saying the forcible
removal of an occupied people violates
the Geneva Convention and may amount to
a walker the Israeli government is
proposing to build the villagers about
70 structures with running water and
electricity at this site in a Buddhist
and let's compare the in mantra and
either been idle mantra that via eye
candy right worried an even open em
another Illuminati latina CB not a fan
yeah no problem
beam up linearly in month aha yeah
Anakin but a little better you cut them
I haven't alert for a drone so let me
find out the location start prison
lockdown 3:13 it takes the same word for
five to seven minutes to lock down the
entire person to clear the yard and get
the end base in the dorm I did spot a
drone in the sky back towards the back
field he was flying along that field on
the signal has ceased now that we're
locked in the institution down
this was probably a failed attempt to
smuggle drugs in about time we spiked a
drone that's located at the North in our
prison the drone could have flown over
the prisoner we just not gonna take
those chances my job here is the warden
of the prison oversee 265 staff and over
1600 plus inmates we typically see
country bands from the levels of tobacco
meth we find in syringes appeals
actually flew in through drones and
actually dropped inside of the prison
contraband actually can actually corrupt
the entire prison when you don't control
contraband you don't control the safety
of the inmates you don't control the
safety of your officers and you don't
control the safety of the community
there's other drone detection systems
that are used at other prisons but
nothing comparable to the one that we're
currently using ours tells you where is
that and Wars moving to them we know
where the controller is where the drone
is where to go how far it is from the
prison I sleep with my computer by the
bed when I get an alarm I wake up and I
go into action
this is when we call in a tree line they
take a s hook like you hang a plant on
and then they attach a bag to that with
the contraband inside 99.9% is at night
every time it hits the ground it
releases the package this is the stuff
we found
they had these prepackaged Bowser
tobacco people transporting this stuff
in like three gram for this much tobacco
the other stuff I've got in here as cell
phones and as you can see they have they
keep these things taken up
gather tight and this one particular
drop we we have 22 cellphones this is a
bundle of three taped together so this
is a real-time flight here what you're
seeing here is a depiction of a drone
flight and this shows me its path and as
you see this drone flew over the
facility and that's where they start
throwing resources in and it's tried to
start throwing some heat in on these
people we want this to stop
it's not common to catch the people at
the moment because we know they can see
you from the air so there's a chance
big chance they're going to get away in
the past we've caught people that were
probationers and then known
gang-affiliated
people flying in they pay somebody that
may be inside the game they know very
little information so when we catch them
it makes it hard to trace down there's
not a prison
that's not fight this issue if they say
they're not facing it they're just not
admitting to it could mean so many
things
yeah I like that one I was gonna say it
sounded pretty 90s and then it's
centered really 70s because he's always
been really into that kind of retro
nostalgic I was getting a heavy heavy
like seal yeah 95
I like the chorus all if I was high on
ecstasy I'll probably really enjoy it
the stones are great though the program
is great the shape of the arc whatever
different undertones like an upside down
drop it like it's hot to me is about the
last thing I expected any of you guys to
savor this okay okay that's the one who
gives you the shoulder like looking big
sorry this thing take your hands away
don't you know that was immediately
identifiable which is a strengths in
this day and age when it's hard to stand
there people really love to party and
listen to that bend imagine being the
bass player in that band that big
laughing either you guys so much fun as
evidenced by our trap cooler basic
it reminds me of a kind of an electro
Siouxsie and the Banshees a little bit
the sequence is really odd as well
yeah like cats you see yeah it's really
unperfect yes like crush crush like the
Goths like dress like executives no
executive Goths like nice trousers but
like really too sharp for you and some
statement socks and I've got Paul shot
on November were thee
yeah you got the pissed involved they've
all got short haircuts no like tight
haircuts not like like Roberts mess all
right like anymore that's all fun team
is number kind of a shame I miss that
either my favorite course
you
you
