I will strive to the utmost of my
ability to be what you would want me to
be the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints is in mourning this
week after the death of its president
and prophet Thomas Monson he was 90
years old
Monson oversaw the church during a
decade of major change he lowered the
minimum age of female missionaries
contributing to a dramatic rise in the
number of Mormon missionaries worldwide
and threw open the church's long
secretive archives to scholars but
Monson was also a traditionalist he
refused to let women become priests and
excluded LGBT families to the point
where many began seeking a community of
their own
I found this recently at a flea market
if I show it to any other Mormon mom's
they'll get it it's this idea that
motherhood
you're like pedestal eyes Daz a woman in
the church in your role as a wife and
mother and your job is to get these
little cherubic children back to heaven
to live with God again as a complete
intact family as a wife mother in life
long Mormon Diane Oviatt knows about
life on a pedestal
today she feels abandoned by the church
even though she was the one to leave it
last year my Mormonism is a little bit
complicated but I would probably mostly
describe myself as a refugee from
Mormonism to some people I say I'm on
sabbatical it's kind of up in the air
you don't leave Mormonism easily and
when you have Orthodox family members
there is shunning that happens turning
away from the Mormon Church isn't just
leaving a religion it's leaving a way of
life her three children are now grown
but Diane says that for years she
questioned aspects of her faith the
saying goes you keep putting things on
the shelf and then for those of us
who've transitioned out it's because our
shelf broke and that's for you this
shelf got heavier and heavier and then
split what really crashed my shelf was
my son coming out as gay in 2007 Ross
Oviatt came out to his mother in his
family's kitchen one night after he
senior in high school he left the church
a year later harboring a secret like
that is is just so toxic and it just
eats away at your soul it's not an
experience I've never you know want to
repeat I'll never forget what you said
to me at the table that night like he
just looked at me and he said I want to
go on a mission I want to get married in
the temple and he just saw this huge
roadblock
when he came out like now what I do what
Diane did was become an activist
co-founding a support group for mothers
of LGBT Mormon youth called mama dragons
but she struggled with the Mormon
Church's views on homosexuality the
church doesn't condemn same-sex
attraction but requires celibacy from
its LGBT members then just over two
years ago church leadership introduced a
new policy that expelled same-sex
couples and prevented their children
from engaging in church activities for
Diane it was the last straw I kind of
had this stubborn moment where I'm like
damn it this is my church - and you're
not pushing me out with this bigoted
I just felt like I'm gonna stay and I'm
gonna fight and then exactly a year
later November of 2016 I almost had this
like personal revelation where it was
like this isn't changing this thing
didn't go away and I just thought this
is here to stay this is my church thank
you so much for being here everybody I
want to give just all of you in a small
church in Northern California Diane and
her husband Tom are confronting their
crisis of faith but they didn't come
here to worship they're attending a
workshop for Mormons looking for a new
tribe and I'm lost in many ways that's
why I'm here
I'm here just to feel your vibe I'm here
just to feel the non-judgmental nests of
y'all and to find my people they came
here because doubt has affected their
relationships because of the string of
funerals for gay children in their
Mormon communities the mom is in Utah go
to funerals and it's devastating and
we've worked so hard to get people in
Salt Lake to listen and they won't
church leaders say they sympathize with
families who have lost loved ones to
suicide but the Mormon Church doesn't
publish numbers on how many people leave
the faith nor how many of its young
people have killed themselves the
anecdotes come from people like to have
who say the church is ignoring a crisis
among its youth
guiding the group is John to Lin he's a
sixth generation Mormon who was
excommunicated more than two years ago
delenn has a doctorate in psychology and
helps others who are considering leaving
the faith our job is to help you look
within not what you've been conditioned
to to think but but what inside of you
feels and seems true hello everyone and
welcome to another edition of Mormon
stories podcast I'm your host John Dolan
this November 16th 2017 John de lins
journey out of the church began over a
decade ago when he started asking
questions about Mormonism but his
podcast mormon stories he interviews
Mormons grappling with their faith in
February of 2015 the church
excommunicated tool in accusing him of
using his platform to renounce Mormon
theology and lead others away from the
church the line' says he was targeted
because of his public advocacy from
behalf of LGBT Mormons eight months
later he leaked the church's policy on
same-sex couples today delenn says the
podcast has more than 60,000 weekly
downloads
despite his public platform Elena's
protective of his family's privacy he
declined to be interviewed at its own
home he agreed to meet at his mother's
retirement complex what was the
excommunication like on you what was it
like on your family it was a nightmare
think about Mormonism as like a tribe
the elders in the community your family
your friends your neighbors it's just
all like one huge family and it's like
being cut off from the people you love
most the Mormon Church declined multiple
requests for interviews they also
declined to respond to a list of
questions sent to them about teen
suicides among LGBT Mormons or the
excommunication of John delenn we've got
a long way to go but you know it's not
as bad as it was 20 years ago and like
you said wait twenty more years and 20
more years and you can guarantee that
that will have you know gay and lesbian
Mormons see in the Mormon Tabernacle
Choir well let me say that there already
are gay and lesbian Mormons seeing the
Mormon Tabernacle Choir but they'll be
out and married and happy singing in the
Mormon Tabernacle Choir it'll come you
just have to wait about 20 to 30 years
you
you
