2017 is the year of women's empowerment
2017 is the year of Trump 2017 has been
the year of the missile seems like 2017
was the year and is the year of screwing
with your eyebrows the year of
super-heroes a year of scandals a year
of the bots a year of the trend
followers a year of the upside-down
christmas tree the year of the weird and
wild drinks the year of the invisible
box 2017 will be the year of truth for
unfinished business on the due process
structure to enforce the laws rights
2017 the year of the gender-neutral baby
year of LOL surprise big surprise the
year of the bitcoin your of natural
gifts the year of the authentic
traveller 2017 is going to be a year of
kicking russian there's a year of
advanced toys a year of voice assistance
a year of the digital speakers a year of
the protest a year of embellishment and
gemstone 2017 is the Irvan of the year
of the disaster the year of giving the
year of the targa no longer the year of
the rooster but rather the year of the
be the year of the women thank you the
year of the silence breakers I think
2017 can be defined as a year of
speaking truth to power you know I think
2017 will be kind of go down as the year
of amazing numismatic collectible is
this not the year of the ultimate age of
hypocrisy the year of the influencer
boom the year of no excuses your action
2017 will be the year of the awakening
2017 it's the year of uplifting which I
think I just made up right now okay I
like the hashtag that
