the United States has the highest
maternal mortality lay in the developed
world and the numbers are rising even
though the CDC estimates that nearly 60%
of those deaths are preventable but in
California the maternal mortality rate
is just a third of the national average
one big reason why is a simple but
powerful innovation that's keeping
mothers alive in the delivery room vice
news spoke to one of the doctors who
came up with the idea my first year of
fellowship I got pulled into a case any
maternal death changes the providers in
the room when you first see it or your
first around it it's just devastating
everybody questions what went on but not
like you question yourself you know what
could I have done different what should
I have known
I still think back on it I still can
picture the room unfortunately and just
don't forget that in California we do
about 500,000 deliveries in here that's
about 40 or 50 families that are gonna
lose the mom again I know it's not
popular for patients to think about they
want to look at the happy side of things
when you look at causes a maternal
mortality there's sort of the big three
we knew hemorrhage was always up in the
top three and it turns out 90% of cases
where the mom dies with obstetric
hemorrhage you can look at that case and
say hey there's something we could have
done sooner or something that we could
have done differently
so our first task force was to develop a
toolkit a collection of things that we
could get into hospitals in into the
delivery setting that would help the
providers intervene quicker and sooner
we came up with the hemorrhage toolkit
when a mom is in a delivery setting like
this or in the operating room the
plastic tubing that's needed to give a
transfusion or a balloon catheter that
we put into the uterus to stop bleeding
those are stuck here stuck their
medications or you know different places
so by putting them all in a tool kit you
could just roll that in to where the
event was going on and it made it sped
up the process in California fact that
we've been able to lower ours and the
national rate convenient climb says we
are doing something different here that
other states are not this hospital does
about 4,500 deliveries a year so it
definitely is less than a dollar of
delivery the bottom line it's a win-win
for everybody
that hemorrhage cart should be in every
hospital in the country
