tonight stopping fentanyl at the source
Britain sours on greggson and Santa in
the seventh ward
in a strong show of defiance against
President Trump 128 countries voted in
favor of a UN resolution demanding that
the u.s. rescind its recognition of
Jerusalem as Israel's capital nine
countries voted against the non-binding
resolution and 35 abstained including
Canada and Mexico trumpet threatens to
pull aid from any country that voted for
it this vote will make a difference on
how Americans look at the UN and on how
we look at countries who disrespect us
in the UN and this vote will be
remembered today six people who were
arrested when they attended a protest on
president Trump's inauguration day were
found not guilty on charges of rioting
and property destruction it was the
first trial for those known as the j-20
defendants a group of nearly 200 people
charged after the events of January 20th
prosecutors argued the defendants who
were cleared today including a freelance
journalist we're trying to use the First
Amendment as a cover for taking part in
criminal activity they've also taken the
position that anyone in the vicinity of
the property damage done that day is
responsible for it the trials for the
remaining 188 defendants are expected to
begin early next year
I think if similar results are found for
other cases other trials with in this
case it will send a message that these
actions are protected by the
Constitution and a jury will find them
protected
for the first time the Pentagon has
issued guidance on how transgender
individuals will be admitted into the
military starting January 1st despite
president Trump's efforts to ban
transgender people from serving the
military said earlier this month it
would allow them to sign up after a
ruling in a court case challenging the
ban the memo outlining the new
guidelines says transgender people will
be able to join the Armed Forces
according to their preferred gender
meaning the person's room and bathroom
assignments underwear requirements and
medical exams will be carried out based
on the person's gender choice Memphis
has become the latest city to remove
Confederate statues for months the City
Council has been trying to take down the
two monuments but Tennessee state law
prevented it so last night council
members voted to sell the two city parks
where the statues were located to a
nonprofit organization immediately
following the sale the statues of
Jefferson Davis and Nathan Bedford
Forrest's came down the parks will
remain open to the public
60% of international packages received
by the US Postal Service arrive here at
New York's JFK the busiest mail port in
the country a million packages per day
come through this facility at this time
of year that usually means Christmas
gifts and care packages but these
customs officers are hunting for
something else Frank Russo is the port
director for US Customs and Border
Protection his team of 100 officers is
on the lookout for illegal drugs
especially fentanyl a highly dangerous
synthetic opioid that's now flowing into
the country at a record rate so you see
they're they're protected they have the
gloves on have a mask on and they're
gonna open up a package and see what
they find
CBP didn't start tracking how much
fentanyl had intercepted until October
2015 but over the next year it found
four hundred and fifty nine pounds in
2017 it found 12 hundred and ninety-six
pounds they'll try anything we see the
fentanyl coming in toys we see coming in
food products you name it and they'll
try to use it and what technology are
you using to screen for the front of all
we use spectrometry where we can shoot a
laser at a package without having to
open up the package that's critically
important for officers to make sure that
they're safe not having the bleach is a
package to identify what it is we're
working with is extremely useful while
other purposes our safety
everybody safety here we go that's us
and this is actually cut with something
else we've introduced canine training to
detect fentanyl and just in the last few
months they've made over ten fentanyl
seizures this year
Frank Russo's team made 84 fentanyl
seizures up from just seven last year
when the officers determine they have a
package that contains fentanyl it's set
aside for testing and they have to be
very careful inhaling just two
milligrams the equivalent of a few
grains of salt can be deadly it really
comes down to training to look at
packages determine which are good and
which are bad countries that a package
is coming from is usually an indicator
of high risk most of the fentanyl that
we see is actually all of it that we
sees is from China and Hong Kong in
October the Department of Justice
announced the first-ever indictments of
two Chinese nationals accused of
shipping fentanyl to the United States
fentanyl and fentanyl analogues are
coming into the country in numerous ways
including shipments from factories in
China directly to US customers who make
those purchases over the Internet we
contacted the Chinese government to ask
about fentanyl coming into the US and
were granted a rare interview with an
official from the Chinese equivalent of
the DEA confirming we don't WA Konomi
foundation we found can go funny the
community may be bothered who Sheena
yummy with human Shanghai kanji so you
know moochin woman general agenda
Giancana Homero thought people
she's allergic on radhaji HMO meiofauna
time for mention which is remembering to
eat a large onion who you can bundle
tell Ella she did a corner the agency
took our camera crew to a private mail
facility where it said all outgoing
packages are inspected for drugs but
Chinese officials reject the claim that
their country is the only source of
illegal fentanyl financial fun can you
ordered any Lian what your thoughts of
financing on actual particuiariy movie
but I heard a movie with each you just
booked her one yeah sure oh you would
wonder how much she was legit aha me was
Hindu too had a dream tomorrow haha
Johnny hazlit how do you think I nearly
would either lying
I walk around doing American law
enforcement officials told us the drug
isn't just coming through the mail the
DEA says illicit traffickers are taking
advantage of China's rapidly growing
pharmaceutical industry and supplying
Mexican cartels with fentanyl which is
then smuggled across the border in New
York City this year the DEA seized a
total of 193 kilos of fentanyl more than
enough to kill the city's population 11
times over federal is the game changer
as far as the EA is concerned it's the
most dangerous substance that come
across in history of drug trafficking
heroin cocaine pale in comparison to how
dangerous phenols if you're able to stop
one way offensively getting into the
country how do you combat an emerging
route that may up here that's the hard
thing traffickers have established roots
already and they're using those same
trafficking routes Southwest for the
United States as poorest the spouses of
miles of border thousands of trucks pass
every day there's millions of millions
parcels come into the country every day
you can't search the wall and the
traffickers know that Rousseau knows his
team at JFK can't search every package
although he keeps track of what his
officers find it's impossible to know
how much fentanyl is slipping through
are you worried that
with 80 seizures in the past that that's
just the tip of the iceberg from 2015 to
2017 we've tripled our fentanyl seizures
across the country when we cease
fentanyl it's going to every corner of
the United States it's everywhere
a year and a half after the UK voted to
leave the EU the British public is
getting increasingly frustrated with the
way its government is preparing for the
big divorce today lawmakers released
closely held government documents meant
to analyze how brexit would affect
different industries only to reveal
essentially no analysis at all but the
central problem isn't what the
government is doing it's that a lot of
the communities that voted for brexit
are beginning to realize how much they
have to lose Grimm's bees the fish
capital of Britain 80% of the country's
fish passes through this port town over
5,000 people employed in this industry
processing fish mainly caught in Iceland
and Norway
breaks it you having to worry about it
everything that worries me bother of
you're up for it you want it's happened
quicker well if you'd been here 20 years
ago and seeing what it's gone to to this
it's really years you'd think yeah we
need someone to help us out before
nothing's helped out so far Grimsby has
been struggling the city once hosted the
largest fishing fleets in the world but
it began to face major competition when
other countries that share the North Sea
wanted a piece of its success so
business had to adapt instead of
catching fish Grimsby now processes fish
as an EU country Britain conchita and
easily received products from EU trading
partners like Iceland and Norway process
them and sell them onto the continent
when Britain leaves the EU it could also
leave the customs union the common
market and associated trade agreements
with EU partners the challenge this will
present a groom to his major industry is
obvious so why then did 70% of people
here vote for it it's a personal
question of added uber our II do you
know I voted out today because you know
it kind of doesn't matter what you do do
something and actually what we should do
is just get on with it the uncertainty
is what really panics markets patrick
salmon buys had occurred the market to
supplies artists and smoked fish
business so this year alone we've seen
price of fish go up 20 30 % and that's
due to brexit in parts you know the fall
in the pound dramatically hits our
industry there's no question nobody
would refute that
he sells wholesale to high-end
restaurants in the UK and had hoped to
start exporting soon we're fileted all
the fresh haddock this morning and we're
now loading each house which is a
four-man operation so that's a
traditional way of doing it is there any
way that you're gonna have to change
your business tool in light of what
bricks it might throw up yeah do you
know if supply is becoming any way
restricted rather than selling to
wholesalers at low margins big volumes I
could specialize this smokehouse in
supplying the public directly so that
would work in the absence of meaningful
government assessments of the impact of
brexit on business sectors the local
trade body representing Grimsby fish
processors knows exactly what it wants
frictionless borders when it comes to
the customs checks no increase in
tariffs on seafood and access to migrant
workers it also favors special free
trade status for regional ports
essentially to preserve the trade
arrangement the town voted to disrupt
but no one can say where the brexit
negotiations will allow any exceptions
for fish or Grimsby you've held this
view that Britain shouldn't be a part of
the EU since the 1970s why hasn't your
opinion change that time because the I
above that view irrespective of the
impact on the economy having got Britain
out of the EU even committed brick to
tears like local MP Martin Vickers
aren't looking for too much change we
need some sort of a system that will
allow the free movement of it will of
the fish and I think they're one of the
benefits of a uni you well no no because
you know they were still having to
travel through Norway for example so
what we want to ensure is is that there
are no barriers put in there wage you
don't know whether there will be
barriers or not do though you cannot
assume that won't be but there is no
reason to assume that there will be can
you foresee a situation in which you
would vote against the far
I would very much doubt it but you you
know you you're leading me into the the
thing that politicians should never do
and that's the hire and answer the
hypothetical question everything it
assumes a bad deal why would the EU want
to harm itself by not coming up with a
deal that allowed trade and business to
continue not exactly as it is now but
very in a very similar arrangement the
government's Department for exiting the
EU told us in a statement that they are
pursuing the best deal for places like
Grimsby and are committed to the freest
possible trade with the EU Grimsby is a
long way from Westminster Breck six
progress so far
hasn't brought politicians and people
here any closer together they've made a
balls of it okay we got delivered a
message that was wrong there were lies
but this is an opportunity for brand UK
brand Britain brand Grimsby to really
get out there and look after itself
yesterday President Trump commuted the
prison sentence of Shalom rube Ashkan
the former CEO of Agra processors a meat
packing plant in Postville Iowa Roux
Baskin was arrested in the wake of one
of the largest immigration raids in US
history he was ultimately sentenced to
27 years for bank fraud and money
laundering but his sentence wasn't the
biggest consequence of the raid when
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
agents descended on the plant in May
2008 they detained nearly 400 people
almost 20% of the town's population many
were workers from Mexico and Guatemala
ever since Postville has become
synonymous with the government's
militarized approach to immigration
enforcement and the effects of the raid
are still being felt
in total the total margin for me Laura
and the other man
Alicia an undocumented immigrant from
Mexico had been living in Postville with
her family since 2001 in working at
angry processors a massive processing
plant for kosher meats
equal no us to change tomography on to
use any chemical a paradise on I love
today Lorena putting another until this
one was over hairless the yellow head
will semester long phenomena will not
help me
it was identical came a free honey for
some we don't know yeah - 1389 workers
were shackled and loaded into waiting
buses to helicopter circled above or to
order Alicia was released with an ankle
monitor but she was one of very few who
made it out that day
the rest were detained for weeks and
buildings designed to house livestock
panicked families pulled their kids from
school and gathered at st. Bridget's
Catholic Church Luz Maria Dundas the
Spanish teacher showed up to volunteer
as an interpreter I remember that
sometimes when you ask been something
they do work something used the same
answer over and over so Junior that they
were in shock for a week the church felt
like an emergency shelter after a
natural disaster in Postville itself was
desolate like these Western towns from
the movies
what you are inspected or fearful that
the bad guys are gonna come Alysia
qualified for a special visa to stay in
the country but her brother was deported
leaving his son behind she lives on
eternal dinner Oh Monica she owned
Solomon together at the import lately
social scientists have been taking a new
look at Postville including Arlene
jarana --mess at the University of
Michigan for almost 40 years Geronimo's
has studied a process she calls
weathering the long term adverse effects
that poverty and Prejudice can have on
the health of racial minorities it was a
raid that happened without any warning
so there's a clear day it happened on a
clear time and it certainly wasn't
subtle and so as we saw it we could use
that kind of as a natural experiment
before and after so Girona miss and her
team looked at data from Iowa birth
certificates measuring premature births
and low birth weight among Hispanic
women and there's this one spike and it
happens right after the post real rage
girona ms concluded that the raid had
created shockwaves of stress that
rippled out beyond those directly
affected and the people will be feeling
the consequences for years to come so to
the extent that the baby's health is
also a measure of the mother's health
it's kind of a window into what's
happening to the mother that might be
affecting her health in the future who's
Maria Dundas saw the damage after the
raid you're creating in this country
like classes of citizens that he's gonna
come back later in the years in the
history of this country
the Department of Justice lost a fight
this week to stop two undocumented
teenage girls in detention facilities
from having abortions the two girls are
known only as Jane Poe and Jane row and
their suit follows the October case of
Jane Doe who successfully sued the US
government for failing to provide access
to abortion services this afternoon a
document unsealed in the DC District
Court revealed that one of the two
teenage girls
Jane Poe had been requesting an abortion
for a pregnancy that resulted from rape
this document makes clear why the office
of refugee resettlement keeps fighting
what so far been a losing battle that's
because the director Scott Lloyd
believes that allowing the abortion to
proceed amounts to being asked to
participate in killing a human being in
our care the filings reveal some pretty
disturbing facts about Jane Poe's
circumstances Poe was assaulted in her
home country across the border several
weeks after where she was apprehended
and brought into Ora's care when it was
confirmed she was likely pregnant as a
result of a rape she asked for an
abortion Poe changed her mind briefly
when her mother and potential sponsor
threatened to beat her if she went
through with the procedure she
ultimately decided she wanted an
abortion anyway but Lloyd personally
decided it was not in her best interest
or the interest of her child
Lloyd is a trump appointee with a long
background in pro-life advocacy but even
this is extreme for example most states
that prohibits state funding for
abortions also make rape exceptions
Lloyd doesn't he says abortion will not
undo or erase the memory of the violence
committed against her and more pointedly
that abortion has the ultimate
destruction of another human being as
call Bob Kerry had Scott Lloyd's job
before Scott Lloyd he says this level of
intervention in a girl's pregnancy is
unprecedented my understanding of the
law as it was explained to me by
attorneys within Health Human Services
was that in cases of rape or incest
where a minor elects to pursue
termination of a pregnancy that that is
what they are entitled to do so I did
not as the director of our are making
assessment about the rights of a
pregnant young woman in our care to have
an abortion that's a legal matter that
is outside the purview of the director
of orr as i understand it we reached out
to Lloyds office and they had no
additional comment Jane Doe Roe and Poe
have all had the paths cleared for their
procedures only after taking their
fights to court and it looks like every
girl who wants an abortion well in Scott
loads care is going to have to do the
same
do you wanna see photos of me okay okay
okay is fluffy soft he's cuddly if you
come in mind of what Santa looks like
that's what he looks just like that
except he's brown chocolate
this one's when I was 1 this one is when
I was 2 if my memory serves me well I
think he's actually a preacher
I sure hope that's accurate and this is
what I was 6
what did you say about him shaking hands
don't live like he he brokered the deal
he gets all the toys this Christmas - I
don't know anything about his personal
life
I just know him as if Santa Claus is
real but he doesn't live at the North
Pole he's 75 years old and he lives in
New Orleans 7 floors every year for the
past 45 years
Fred Parker's been dressing up as Santa
to people in New Orleans this guy is the
real thing when did you decide you know
what I'm gonna be Santa Claus I've been
thinking about that course Ananya know
what's coming I don't know the best
answer for you hmm I never planned this
the only thing I can say it's a gift
from heaven God put me where I need to
be with this for a lot of people the
idea of a black Santa just seems like
another example of people trying to make
everything PC how do you just revise it
you know in the middle of the legacy of
the story and change Santa from white to
black yeah I mean you can't the
tradition of black Santa goes back at
least in 1936 when famous entertainer
Bill Bojangles Robinson showed up in
Harlem dressed up as Saint Nick by the
late 1960s civil rights leaders were
starting to advocate for more black
Santa's because white store owners
wouldn't let them in but black Santa had
already arrived in pop culture and the
question of Santa's race turned into a
full-blown controversy
right around this time Fred Parker was
working as a bus driver one year he
dressed up as Santa Claus and he bought
his entire bus McDonald's from then on
he was a seventh Ward center all right
tell me what you want for christmas you
want a game merry Christmas to you you
could go there man
Santa is a big deal I saw some mom
talking on Facebook today in her mom's
poop I'm in and she was saying how she
used Santa to keep her children and
check all the time all right what you
want anyway and you've been betting you
want toys you're gonna go tell how you
want to improve okay I wanna hear you
loud all right it's important that Santa
looks like he replicates you know
somebody that you can look at and say
okay yeah that's realistic that Santa
will come to my house for me this is
really just about representation and so
this was just a part of my childhood and
I want to share that with him and have
representation so when he grows up you
bet I can
Santa Claus the black man that's a great
song exactly right
Merry Christmas to all of you catch the
camera phone
okay give me that pretty girl hey baby
girl
young lady came to me today with a baby
her mother had made a picture with me
she had picture with me and this is her
first baby she brought today is this the
first time you've had three generations
I've had four you have four generations
yes what's that feel like it makes me
warm inside when I think about it I'm
making people happy
hey hey all right
more rock backing come on now come on
there we go yes all right
you ever thought about retiring God
would have to retire me from this and as
long as I'm able to do it
so you never stop of your own with my
stand in order to my daughter is at my
demise having somebody shave me don't
kill that image would kill the better
role
you know this Godavari doing the sainted
blemish the image of faith
but at some point it is important to me
that the children see something that
they really believe it that's vice news
tonight for Thursday December 21st
