tonight the country's worst
procrastinators powerless in Puerto Rico
you could have done this work and
probably one day back in the States
and the great Christmas tree shortage of
in the nine-month battle to recapture
mosul from the islamic state between
9,000 and 11,000 civilians were killed
according to an Associated Press
investigation
neither the us-led coalition nor the
Iraqi government have confirmed that
count which is nearly 10 times higher
than previously reported the AP said it
cross-referenced morgue lists with
databases from nongovernmental
organizations it reported that about a
third of the casualties died as a result
of strikes by the us-led coalition or
Iraqi forces another third were killed
by Isis and the AP couldn't determine
who was responsible for the remaining
deaths north korea has begun testing to
mount anthrax payloads on two
intercontinental ballistic missiles
according to a Japanese newspaper in the
past South Korea has said that Pyongyang
has between 2,500 and 5,000 tons of
chemical weapons and just this week the
US national security strategy document
warned that quote North Korea is also
pursuing chemical and biological weapons
which could also be delivered by missile
Olympic gold medal winner mckayla
maroney
said in a lawsuit today that USA
Gymnastics paid her to keep quiet about
her allegations of sexual abuse by the
team's doctor Larry NASA the suit is
seeking in part to invalidate a
confidentiality clause that Moroni said
carried more than $100,000 in penalties
if she spoke about her abuse in a
statement to vice news USA Gymnastics
confirmed it reached a settlement with
Moroni but said the nondisclosure clause
was mutual and the agreement followed
state law Nasser pleaded guilty to first
degree criminal sexual conduct in
November separately he was sentenced to
60 years in prison on child pornography
charges
earlier this month
a federal judge declared a mistrial in
the government's case against Nevada
rancher cliven Bundy two of his sons and
another co-defendant the men were
accused of leading an armed standoff
with federal land agents in 2014 but
Judge Gloria Navarro said US prosecutors
purposely withheld critical evidence
from the defense evidence that could
have been favorable to the accused
when these lawyers argued that the case
should be dismissed but the judge did
not drop the charges against the four
men and tentatively scheduled a new
trial to begin in February
Turkish prosecutors are seeking more
than four years of jail time for New
York Knicks center and his Canton for
insulting president recep tayyip air
Dewan on Twitter Kanter is Turkish but
he lives in the US now and would be
tried in Turkey in absentia he's been an
outspoken critic of air tool on and
earlier this year his Turkish passport
was revoked and a warrant was issued for
his arrest in the statement to vice news
today Cantor said quote air Dewan is
becoming more and more authoritarian
each day he can't even stand fair
criticism
I believe Turkey deserves better
do you agree
Vieira oh yeah lucky
later he electrically walkie Kuan Yew's
any atomic insecto rod oh this is who
you are simply put can also return the
most apologize via Antonio Quintana
lives in a small mountain town in the
middle of Puerto Rico with his wife
Carmen de vida
she has glaucoma in late stage
Alzheimer's Hurricane Maria hit Puerto
Rico exactly three months ago destroying
80% of the islands electric grid
it's been so long since Antonio's had
electricity that he stopped waiting for
it to come back
so this attempt I think k2z a cable
without a birthday as it was to be
honest who tells him take Aaron iturra
see for me to combine no one knows
exactly how many people in Puerto Rico
are living like Antonio and Carmen but
at least a third of the island is likely
still in the dark at Oregon obviously
thermoelectric important and even the
case of tuviera and the elevated Oregon
the Oriental a delimited Oceania
but the blackout isn't just due to the
storm
human beings played a role here too back
in the 1970s prepa Puerto Rico's
Electric Power Company built its most
important plant in the south because
that's where the oil industry was the
problem most people live in the north in
Panama certain distinct o % o Allah
prozium a king eschewed se embargo
tenemos a Penta por ciento de la demanda
ella en el Ã¡rea metropolitana tohe
depend a motel Elena's d'etat mission
it's no secret that running crucial
transmission lines through the mountains
in the middle of Puerto Rico wasn't a
great idea but like all human plans gone
wrong it didn't seem like anything would
go horribly wrong until it actually
finally did but the design of the grid
wasn't the only problem the failure to
take care of it hurt to consider HOTAS
quality Kazan co-hosts s seat Emma a
moody Mojave la da de mantenimiento
mama-se lassie D go Pocoyo 2002 an
oppressor an external audit conducted
last year concluded that prep I went
years without investing in basic
maintenance and the grid quote appears
to be running on fumes and that's only
when Pepa can afford fumes since 2014
it's filed for bankruptcy played off
about 25% of its staff and routinely
skip basic upkeep it's all made the grid
more vulnerable to collapse and it's
made the task of getting the grid back
online much harder
so when we first showed up at this line
segment site the area was completely
vegetated one day we had maybe 20 25
guys out here for a whole day trying to
free a track vehicle and do work so I
mean not that that's an expensive day
right and not even working on the real
traffic there's a real job
correct we could have done this work
that has taken us over a week and
probably one day back in the states with
good access to the sites and then
there's another problem
there aren't tens of thousands of new
60-foot utility poles just lying around
I think the biggest challenge we face is
the amount of material required the Army
Corps of Engineers has ordered more than
50,000 utility poles but only received
about 11,000 so far because Texas
Florida and California all need them too
but even if there were 50,000 poles
available they'd still have to be
shipped to Puerto Rico and then
distributed to the roughly 3,600 workers
were spread throughout the island we're
not just talking about a normal
telephone pole that you would think of
we're actually he towers that you would
see along the highway
so if you can imagine one of those large
towers actually lifting it by helicopter
and transporting it on top of a
mountaintop and then emplacing it and
then flying cruising who actually are
hanging under helicopters to string line
and all the pieces of that in some cases
some of the towers on these lines were
all completely destroyed
initially the goal was to restore power
to 95% of the island by mid-december
now the Army Corps of Engineers is
targeting late February and even then
they're just restoring the system to how
it was before because you can only spend
FEMA money on repairs not upgrades on
top of it all
after power has been restored there's no
guarantee it'll be reliable say no Val
aloof casi todos lotia a solo domino to
vote ray pero a veces en opa por Cinco
cuatro hora Tamara texador who lives in
San Juan is part of a large contingent
of people on the island who only sort of
have electricity back come on come on
effect on Osiris Eva had a loose and
Quaker momento come in open air in oh
boy planet figure Lana where is conjuror
estaba CEO elon Avera DNA mojko muy poco
cosas como para el diario para el
desayuno is a comprar the Paquito
burrito porcupine no 7 Tamara doesn't
expect things to change anytime soon
but it's hard to complain she and her
family know they're the lucky ones
you lose work I don't know but I want a
pony I'll be the tiger see to
multinational you polecat abraca you
know you know the pregunta PAHO well
another will be resurrected the
character circularity
elemento Cahuenga possibly president
Trump and congressional Republicans took
a victory lap at the White House today
after final passage of their tax reform
bill gave them their first big
legislative win of the Trump era it's
always a lot of fun when you win if you
work hard and lose that's not acceptable
Congress spent nearly all of its last
five months fighting over the belly and
now has just a few days to figure out
everything else like most of us Congress
has a bad habit of leaving things till
the last minute unlike most of us
Congress's to-do list is more
consequential than finding a Christmas
present for your cousin the things
Congress puts off are the thing that has
to do but can't agree on and there are
now a ton of deadlines they're about to
run up against this weekend next funding
for the entire government runs out on
Friday at midnight funding for the
Children's Health Insurance Program
expired back in September and several
states say they'll have to start kicking
kids off the program without new funding
some government surveillance powers
expire at the end of this year and
lawmakers need to pass an 81 billion
dollar disaster aid bill at some point
to help victims of the wild fires and
hurricanes that hit the coasts over the
past six months
Republican leadership is having so much
trouble getting all of their
rank-and-file members to fall in line
that they've changed their plans on how
to tackle these year-end
literally three times since last night
we're going to conference we have plans
and Democrats are basically being just
as cagey look we're trying to get as
good a deal as possible we're not going
to negotiate against ourselves right
here if this hears anything like the
past six lawmakers will spend the next
72 hours exchanging escalating demands
until the very last minute when they'll
pass another short-term spending bill
and I'll leave Washington for Christmas
this kind of brinksmanship has become
the new normal in Congress but it's more
than just annoying it's a bad idea
saving everything important for the last
minute produces rushed legislation that
actually makes the government work horse
listen to defense secretary James mattis
continuing resolutions coupled with
sequestration blocked new programs
prevented service growth stalled
industry initiative and placed troops at
greater risk and uncertainty in the
health care market has already affected
a lot of people insurers hiked premiums
to astronomical rates in some states to
prepare for the possibility that
Congress wouldn't help offset higher
costs so even if Congress eventually
does come through at the last possible
minute people will already be paying
more next year bad process bad outcome
oregan is the nation's number-one
supplier of big beautiful Christmas
trees but not this year
from the boy scan a tree lot this lot is
usually completely full but now if you
can see it's completely empty
we were like the Christmas tree capital
of the world how can people look around
and see Christmas trees I honestly don't
know they should be everywhere it's
organ to the garden centers this whole
area is usually filled to the brim but
this year as you can see it's really
dire it's really empty out here
Christmas is looking costly and kind of
measly this year how short are you guys
on trees right now we are about 500
trees short this will be the first year
that we will sell out before Christmas
America is in the midst of a Christmas
tree shortage expected to last well into
the next decade according to the
Department of Agriculture the number of
Christmas tree farms planted by US
farmers fell by almost two million
between 2010 and 2015 but because
Christmas trees take a long time to grow
no one outside the industry noticed the
ticking green timebomb until about a
year ago we started hearing whispers its
resupply wasn't gonna be there so last
year we really started reaching out to
try to find a backup vendor but you know
just like everybody else the supply
really didn't meet the demand it was a
rough year it's gonna be a sad year it's
not gonna be sad for everyone in fact
it's gonna be a very Merry Christmas for
tree farmer Jan hunt one he's been
waiting nearly a decade a babbling trees
were on that truck I would ask to me it
on a truck like that there's probably
around 600 maybe
so what you guys loaded here was was
what we loaded noble fir sometimes we'll
do some Nordmann fir but today we only
do noble fir I mean you have you're cheb
using your Cadillacs you know before is
the Cadillac I really wish that that I
have you feels like this oh my gosh it's
got a nice shape it's nice and full I
hate to brag here the hub family has
been in the tree business since the 60s
today their farm stretches across 300
acres hop planted these trees at the
height of the recession when a market
klutz and prices plummeting and farmers
out of business at the time he was
getting as little as eighteen dollars
for a tree that cost him 20 bucks to
grow today he's getting around 43
dollars a tree he's suddenly the Pablo
Escobar pine planted this field about
nine years ago for coming out to get our
Christmas tree his field was full of
trees and now everything's gone and the
only one left is the one that I saved
for my my own house so we're gonna go
out and get a Christmas tree
since the 1960's
cabarets strip clubs and other x-rated
businesses have been a part of Parisian
culture by the 80s the city was home to
more than 50 pornographic theaters many
of them clustered around the city's
Center but today there's just one left
labeverly and now it's closing to OB
violet oh no ensel classics un paseo de
filma pornographic donkey with seven
layer dip welcome
lilulu de pommes pissed level catnip at
culet venutian al today tits were
correlated Amazon common hominis value
beliefs the VVC idea honky-tonk a
Picasso SDC but to supplement as
Europeans also cinema critique
variegated panel extraordinaire a
variety a Canadian telekinetically fear
micronet coconut when you reduce cinema
Lana project American design is nikhat
love zombie refugees came at noon with
today in America they don't know in
Suganya venkat the measures to fake move
rather pollutants also very high
achievement for the people's andronik
huh Aloha your sake since they passed a
lipid canoe personally sister so they
filmed a zani cattle market for Indies
they feel moody away our sin on you who
will deal with the bad music
they basically asha the bell cooly cooly
fam'ly antenna trio set ad on this
sunset fattoush a a sex of a deep well
avow o mateesah don't know
Jean we employ proof of Iran's oil is
cinema on this table about to city noise
on fiscal in the Louvre is kept Teresa
de viande radiates a trache velocity
natural on sale or Die Network epfp
Panos say patent male video games
exclusively on teller Oscar Darrell and
Phil ferocious rider wellness in said
nueva a vague haunting me stay on stage
America Takata newest PC Satan or MS
carotene Bell Pham
whereas say semi sin mr. Adam well it's
on the knee
a bientot in your egg vs Holly Holm and
a it's a Stephanie
hello my name is joe wright and i am the
director of darkest hour I really loved
the script but I was worried about
whether I would actually go and see a
movie about Churchill and therefore
whether anyone else would then when I
thought about Gary playing the role it
occurred to me that I would definitely
go and see gary oldman played Churchill
Winston Churchill was small I find it
really interesting that Hitler Stalin
and Churchill were all very small he had
a kind of dynamism I think he's often
portrayed and in other movies and TV
things has had been called slow and
lugubrious and kind of obese he I don't
think he was he had fast little legs he
had a brain that worked at 500 miles an
hour and people found it very difficult
to keep up with him he led with his chin
he strode through the streets through
the war rooms through Parliament with
this kind of dynamic energy Kazuhiro
that prosthetics makeup designer was
someone that Gary knew of and was keen
on I looked at his work and was very
impressed especially by his work in
looper where he made Joseph
gordon-levitt look like Bruce Willis and
I thought it was very subtle and kind of
extraordinary so I didn't really see
Gary for about three months while we
were shooting I was just dealing with
this actor who looked remarkably like
Winston Churchill let me see what
qualities you'll carried my poor
judgment your lack of vanity your sense
of humor hello I think Gary really
enjoyed being in the makeup and costume
he would dance and he would joke and I
think he enjoyed being quite fat
sometimes I put on music like I'd put on
Major Lazer's bubble-butt and and and
Gary as Churchill would start twerking
but I have it on video but I'm not going
to share that with you you cannot reason
with a tiger
I started making this movie before
brexit happened before Trump happened
before we saw this rise in in confidence
of the far right and so there is no
topicality really to the movie when I
embarked on making it and then as we
went into production suddenly these
terrifying events started happening and
and the film took on a topic allottee be
careful what you wish for
really Joan I mean I would I would
rather that those things hadn't have
happened and that the film had no
topicality and yet there was a kind of
ghoulish fascination with what was going
on I'm embarrassed to admit that though
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
December 20th
you
