when you try to correlate it you did
these tax breaks no it hasn't produced
the kind of growth in jobs that the
Republicans are claiming the House of
Representatives passed its tax reform
bill today and it immediately hit an
embarrassing procedural snag three
provisions in the house-passed version
violate the special rules that Senate
Republicans are using to pass the bill
with a simple majority removing them
will push final approval to Wednesday
still American corporations are now all
but set to get a massive tax cut what's
less certain is what that means for
everyone else a lot of economists and
even some rich guys CEOs Mike Bloomberg
for example say the corporate tax cut
that passed in the house is not gonna
lead to more jobs or higher wages this
is a great day for growth and we're very
excited about this moment thank you
personally I've never created a job I've
never given anyone a race so I figured
I'd ask an actual rich guy former CEO
where those economists are right or
wrong you got a lot of economists out
there that live from ivory towers
they're really not people that get
involved in the day-to-day workings of a
business I started scoop and I screamed
at Baskin Robbins and and worked my way
up to be the CEO of an international
corporation you know you get you get a
little bit better sense I think for how
things work when you come up that way
than you do reading a book in the
faculty lounge
Andrew Posner was president Trump's
first pick for labor secretary before he
was drew his nomination before that he
was a fast food baron CEO of the company
that owns Hardee's and Carl's jr. poster
says the tax bill isn't perfect but it's
free darn good and he says wages are
gonna rise very quickly with these
projections on where economic growth is
going in the fourth quarter and there's
a lot of data to support the optimism I
think we're going to see it very very
quickly certainly we should be seeing
increased wages by second quarter of
next year as people re-entered the labor
force then you're really going to see
those wage numbers accelerate that's an
unusually bold concrete prediction in
April of 2018 your wages are going up is
it believable we asked a former resident
of that ivory tower Posner mentioned
what she thinks it ain't never worked
that way and I'm not just talking fancy
studies fancy studies say when you try
to correlate it you did these tax breaks
no it hasn't produced the kind of growth
in jobs that the Republicans are
claiming this was the argument back in
the 1980s and what has happened since
then is right at stock profits up up up
up up up up right the giant corporations
have gotten richer and richer and richer
and richer and what's happened to wages
in that period of time plant as a
pancake these CEOs have already told us
what they're gonna do with the money
they're saying hey we get these giant
tax breaks we're gonna use them for
stock buybacks to build up our price not
surprisingly senator Warren is not a fan
of the Republican tax bill there's not a
lot of stuff that Andy pusher would like
policy-wise that Elizabeth Warren would
also like so we know well the arguments
we hear a lot is like well why don't we
just try something else try a different
wave to me this is the same answer the
Republicans have given for 40 years and
they've said if things aren't working
out well I know what let's do let's cut
taxes for the richest and less powerful
in this country
it's just delivering one gut punch after
another two hard-working people
you
you
