how many people here are from the great
state of Alabama we cannot afford to
lose the suit in the very very close
united states center we can't afford it
folks we can so get out and vote for Roy
Moore
I did not get any sleep last night
that's for sure to organize Democrats
and Alabama you've got to be hard as
like that's just that's the bottom line
you got to wake up every day and think
I'm gonna lose today but I'm gonna go
down kicking and screaming and stabbing
and slashing and tomorrow I'm gonna wake
up and I'm gonna lose just a little bit
less than I lost today what I'm doing
right here is just prioritizing the
precincts my turf that's most important
that we're going to send our volunteers
out on the day and I'm gonna put these
package together for them and they'll
hit the sidewalks hello hello hi it's
great to meet you Emily
the allegations broke it wasn't breaking
news to some people it was in fact no
news at all it was just well-known and
long overdue all right who's going out
raise your hand one more time I think
the stakes here are are we going to put
a man in office who record speaks for
itself are we gonna put him in an office
who's gonna continue to bring shame in
you know negative national attention
Alabama up until about 15 years ago
there was an elected Republican official
in holman County they were all Democrats
and the Democrats pretty much ran this
thing you know and now it's completely
switched what changed
Obama Obama wiped out the Democrat Party
here in the state of Alabama his
policies his policies yeah and but there
there's a wide difference of opinion
between Democrats and Republicans
nationwide we believe in very
four things people are talking a lot
about sexual harassment right now a lot
about sexual misconduct right now people
look at these stories and they just
don't understand what you are thinking
so here's a guy that's been a strong
public servant who served this country
and his nation in this state all his
life and we're gonna take the Washington
Post's word for it or the New York Times
word for it I don't believe anything in
The Washington Post The New York Times
I'm a Republican and I'm a Christian and
I'm a conservative
I'm not very very political but what I
hear and see I kind of base it off of
that right it's right wrong and wrong
you have to set a standard at some point
because we as adults are role models and
politicians are really a role model I
don't feel like they should be our role
models but at the same time they're out
there in the light but I will be voting
for Doug Jones because I just felt like
he's a better Kennedy and I feel like
he's going to fight on our behalf that's
what I believe and not even just for
blacks but as a people nothing saying
I'm right just just like my people right
you know you have to look at the bigger
picture and overall okay so you know why
would I vote for somebody who said I
couldn't get married I can't be happy
because you don't want me to I don't
feel that I have yet to see them say
what they don't do we would 47th in
education with number 5 and
incarceration shutting down the schools
there don't make sense then you fail oh
we're not racist oh we're not
such-and-such
oh we're not this but you don't want to
sit by you don't want to live by you
don't want us in your school but you're
trying to block put us all together what
do you call that and we should up here
and be the same complacent Alabama where
people don't get out here and make that
voices heard then we don't get what we
get we're gonna get a bunch of more
Awards because they're coming here as
long as they're allowed to do it then of
course we got no choice but to sit back
and pray and hope they don't come in
here right my kids tonight Oh Lord don't
make me a slave we can't just sit and
wait and think that somebody's gonna say
what's cause the rest of the America
don't give a about us and they
think it's funny then we got pedophiles
and running for the Senate you know
I'm saying it's ok with them as long as
they get a vote they don't do a
about us that's what it is
how many signs you think he put out here
in this county here in the city I
probably got 200 how about half of which
have been stolen stolen oh yeah who's
stealing them the Democrats I mean why
not you're right I don't know why any
Republican would
the thing that ties Roy and me together
more than anything is the same thing
that ties all Academy graduates together
and that's just the values and the
standards that you were taught and the
fact that most of us had come and
serviced and war zones together when you
see it and you share it together it's a
bond that does not break easily let's
kind of say I mean this might be the
most laid-back group of people three
days before a huge election that I've
ever seen okay is TC make it ready to
rock and roll the things that this
thing's right along right where we're
doing the same thing we're done in a
page but Judge more when it ran for
other office and he never lost Coleman
County it so yeah now Roy Moore isn't
doing any real campaigning today or
tomorrow that we can see on the schedule
really did that matter do you think Roy
is at the army/navy game today and I see
his son so that's where he's was
yesterday today and tomorrow
Debian seven final weekend before maybe
he could skip the game as he Emily comes
before politics with Roy Roy Moore wants
to get us out of healthcare all together
and the citizens of this state can't
afford it Roy Moore will not even answer
the question well hell he wouldn't even
answer any questions anymore I am so
happy and honored to have with us
tonight Senator Cory Booker
Thank You Montgomery Thank You Alabama
thank you very much
so I'm here to try to help to get some
folk woke those people that don't
understand the opposite of Justice is
not injustice it is indifference it is
in action and in silence all right here
we go to ask you today as you I am in
the United States Senate and I don't
want to be next to you wondering if
Senate pages will be safe from your
advances are you concerned than a
senator Roy Moore would make advances on
Senate pages absolutely why shouldn't I
be this is a guy that has had teenage
girls who made who made sexual advances
towards teenage girls towards a 14 year
old and it's not just me there's been
former pages still teenagers saying this
is horrific to think that that person
would come
I once was lost in sin but Jesus took me
in and then a little light from heaven
filled my soul
we know that the world thinks that we're
a little bit strange but if we do not
observe the things that God has changed
in our life the world is good at
spotting someone that doesn't live what
they say they live I know the good that
Judge Roy Moore has done I have a hard
time comparing that to pedophilia the
accusations that have been made to a
large portion with no evidence why would
you do violence against the people you
wish to show Christ to what I have a
call to do is God say this is sin and
you know it in your hearts in order to
to choose a candidate in a circumstance
you have to choose somebody that's
accused of having behaved in an
unscriptural sinful way against somebody
that admits to what we conceive as an
unscriptural belief abortion so for you
is being pro-abortion as sinful as
potential pedophilia yes it's well it's
murder versus abuse of a child how do
you draw the line there both of them are
abusive children there is an energy out
there that can't be captured by pushing
the telephone we feel great about this
election we feel great about the
messages that we've got out the
enthusiasm that we've got and so we're
gonna go forward in the next 48 hours
and we're not gonna stop thank you
everyone thank you
we're a mountain brother just a
neighborhood outside of the central
Birmingham it's one of the more well-off
places in Birmingham definitely mainly
white people live in this area have you
decided who you're voting for yet oh
well what issues are you most concerned
by or figuring out yeah I understand
that but actually abortion is a legal
issue and in the judiciary so if we
elect either more more or Doug Jones
that won't change the abortion laws and
Doug Jones also stands for them as they
are right now okay well can I give you a
fire
we used to say thank God for Mississippi
well they don't have a Roy Moore right
after I graduated from high school
in 1976 I got a call from a friend who
worked at Brookes fashions and the
godsey's mall the first time I ever
remember hearing the name Roy Moore
would have been after I started working
there at some point he was pointing it
out to me and he would just sawing her
into Brookes fashions and the guides to
mall and there was really no reason for
him to come into our store because it
was old ladies clothing as I got further
along in my job at Brookes and got into
management then one of us would have to
go to Roy Moore's office as assistant DA
we would have to sign a warrant for the
arrest of people who wrote bad checks
and we would actually draw straws to see
who had to go to his office nobody
wanted to be behind a closed door with
Roy Moore he was just known as a letch a
big flirt it makes me angry that people
will not believe a woman having the
courage to come out and
something that intimate if Roy Moore
wins this election it confirms what the
rest of the country has thought of
Alabama for many years that we don't
know one thing about politics we are
just a backward bunch of hillbillies sad
hello they're back at at talk 99/5 talk
99 five.com in the mattdonna show
getting underway thank you thank you
thank you well talk obviously it's a big
day for the state of Alabama the eyes of
America and really the world are on
Alabama right now good morning Andreea
Lyndon good morning does it bother
anyone that Roy Moore is missing is that
a problem if he's ahead in the polls all
right so where are we on the boat call
us let us know what you think the
caller's are very important that gives
you real-time you know interaction and
you know what the the listeners are
thinking and it's very important to have
that discussion because a lot of this
stuff when it came up with this election
we needed to talk it out us talking
about our decisions who were gonna vote
for there's a lot of frustration and
anger with people who don't agree with
us we've got an election tomorrow it
happens 24 hours from now as polls will
be opening across Alabama to elect to
the next United States the senator at
least for the next two years Doug Jones
or Roy Moore no suggestion that any
write-in candidacy has any has any
weight one of the reasons that I've
decided not to vote neither of those
other candidates have earned my vote and
therefore I'll be staying home we start
with Shane in Tuscaloosa hello Shane how
are you
you are the proverbial dog turd
underneath my shoes today you have been
blessed to vote and you're choosing not
to vote and I just can't respect you for
the next couple of days I'm not voting
for judge Roy more per se I'm voting for
the Trump agenda because Trump has been
fought by a Republican for Democrats so
you're saying that this Senate seat
doesn't really
better in getting the probit no hold on
a second if this if this Senate seat was
the the linchpin
if this Senate seat was the one seat
that we had to have to get the Trump
agenda passed which is what you just
said that you're voting for the Trump
agenda in that case why don't we have
the Trump agenda and that has nothing to
do with Roy Moore and by the way all of
this argument is premised on the idea
that Roy Moore is going to win anyway he
and he's gonna embarrass the hell out of
the state of Alabama for the next two
years
what a mate why ferry well dude yeah
well I'm not going to be a party to that
and when you call and say my god Roy
Moore he's playing this all wrong he's
embarrassing us yet again I'm gonna say
yeah that's why I didn't vote for then I
will come and eat crow in front of you
then all right well welcome I am begging
and urging everybody to get out call all
your friends we we got a at some point
we got to stop looking like idiots to
the nation somebody said well what are
the odds from doug jones winning is
about like getting under five inch
snowfall in Birmingham the 1st of
December it's time that we put our
decency our state before political party
I know one thing nobody could come down
here and tell folks in Alabama what to
do
the cussedness the grit the
determination well why do you think the
whole world's here you know why this
about this about raw power this is a
national election it is the Trump
miracle versus the nullification project
now that is a big responsibility to have
on one shoulders but you got it on your
shoulders
fake news would tell you that we don't
care produce so I just want to set the
record straight while they're here
one of our attorneys is it you
so without going any further let me
introduce to you the next senator from
the state of Alabama
Washington Post put out this terrible
disgusting article saying I had done
something they said these women too had
not come forward for nearly 40 years
during which I served in three public
offices in the state
I ran five state campaigns three County
campaigns in this same County and never
once was this mentioned here here's the
title of this article that was just
introduced yesterday where's Roy Moore
because I took approximately two and a
half days to take my wife out of this
mess and to let her relax with her son
at West Point the differences between my
opponent and me are fast abortion he
favors full term I want to overturn Roe
versus Wade because it was
unconstitutional when they made
believes and gender and transgender
rights in the military in their
bathrooms and then says they support
children same-sex marriage he he thinks
I'm a bigot he thinks that because I
favor traditional marriage ordained of
God that that's the wrong position the
people of Alabama don't believe that see
the mess we're in how we've given up our
righteousness for a life of indulgence
in when abortion is no longer called
murdered when sodomy is deemed to right
and good is now called evil and darkness
is down call light
I want America great but I want America
good and she can't be good until we go
back to God
which there's another week right now
holding that they are I would still say
maybe he's down two or three points we
can swing that that two or three points
just hard work on Election Day I'll be
dispatching rides to go pick up voters
to the polls
that's my specific job hey who's doing
who's doing live numbers we've seen too
many small victories when we're starting
to see an ad up across the state yeah
well yes I do intend to vote and judge
Roy Moore
I suspect the judge will win but it'll
be a lot smaller portion than was
thought earlier in the election yeah
parking is gonna be fun my dear if Roy
Moore wins it means that the people of
Christian faith and various
conservatives have their values
represented in Washington
come on with you random jumping the car
yeah
if Roy Moore wins it means Alabama goes
back 50 years cuz we already in the
thirties and the rest of the world goes
back 100 I did a run early this morning
with vandalising and the pulling of our
signs just really picked up over the
last couple days
it's more more wins it means that the
voters of Alabama have validated the
values of the beliefs and convictions of
the majority of the people in this
country it's a tear tear sir where
America is how would you allow a
pedophile a real-life pedophile
I don't look pedophile a homophone a
racist and you would let him actually
sit on the Senate little better America
so I decide this shouldn't even be a
choice it really should just do better
you
