chances are you don't know who these pre
tweens are screaming over and even if
you saw Jake Paul you still wouldn't
recognize him entertaining
he's like my top vinyl bass played me
this video and I I was Paul makes daily
vlogs on YouTube for 12 million
subscribers about to be nuts
his is that bizarro hyper localized fame
particular to social media that requires
manic efforts to sustain he recently
released a Christmas album and he's got
a singular digestible message even if
it's a little big Paul was first a
breakout star and now dead six second
video app vine but has since pivoted to
a degree of notoriety in real life
people like will be like Jake paul
duvall jake paul like i used to be jaqen
alan jay park brand jake paul isn't
doing too shabby the high school dropout
raised a million dollars at 18 through
clicks ads brand deals and investments
he wants to be YouTube's first
billionaire and the now 20 year old
needs his screaming fans known as Jake
Paul errs to get him there so who is
your average Jay Paul ur
the average Jake Paul ur is not average
well no but like I would say an 8 18
year old pushing the limits and
boundaries of their lives and be funny
and goofy and relatable and not like
live up to these crazy standards that
the world has for kids these days you
know are you on the a team or the B team
like what college did you get into or
when people should be like whoever they
want to be and chase their dreams but
relatability doesn't scale becoming what
he calls the dr. Dre of social media
however does you would incubate talent
then from there he used all of his
connections and network to build
consumer products and market them to his
audience outcomes beats by dre which is
a billion dollar company and I'm
essentially replicating his model and a
lot younger of an age his talent
incubation through his management
company team 10 for a cut of future
profits he'll sign you you'll live with
him in his Calabasas frat house become a
character on his stunt vlogs where he
spends a night in the White House
rescues hurricane Harvey victims or sets
fire to his pool it's like professional
wrestling with consequences he's beat
with his neighbor's gotten kicked off a
Disney show and suffered backlash for
what's seen as racist treatment of
certain ex members of team 10 watch the
wake
being Jake Paul is hard work Paul spends
eight hours a day filming this is the
first time I've been able to vlog like
from the floor of the pop-up shop and it
is sick this is the first time I've been
able to vlog like from the floor of the
pop-up shop and it is sick
we got like huge video screens we got my
boy Steve right here and he dictates
notes to his uk-based editor who works
while he sleeps and he's a kind of
savant of stoking his desires to become
famous themselves every day the fame
clock starts over he once made a rap
song in 90 minutes that got a hundred
and sixteen million views it's the
fourth most hated song on YouTube not
that it matters to his fans whether he's
a social media God a mogul or a
bleach-blonde Horsemen of the Apocalypse
Jake Paul is working selling merch in
160 countries to more than 600,000 kids
supporting a pop-up shop for one weekend
only for parents to part with a lot of
cash I think you have to be super
relatable like nowadays they're smart
they're getting like weed through like
what they don't want and you guys just
like make it fun and I think you have to
market to them a ton of times like make
sure that they're like reminded of what
message you want to push to them
how do you think this all ends I mean I
don't think it'll ever end I mean it's
hard to say like where it ends but I
don't know where it is I don't think I
think it's just a start
I don't know that answers your question
thank you yes
you
