I'm Michael Stipe and I'm Mike Mills and
we're from re n we made a record called
automatic for the people in 1991-1992
and we wrote the song man on the moon
mott the hoople which most people
watching this probably wouldn't know but
they famously recorded and had a giant
hit with a David Bowie song called all
the young dudes
Mott the Hoople and Andy Kaufman landed
on me as a fifteen-year-old around the
same time as punk rock
it's a very strum II song and it's kind
of washy and pushy and slushy as it
moves along and that's what I like about
one of the standout stems would have to
be Peters slide guitar because it's not
something you heard on a lot of REM
stuff if any that's kind of a one of the
secret weapons on this song
most important part of the song for me
is the bass line and I'm not blowing
smoke up your house but thank you it's
such a powerful when I feel lost in the
track I would anchor myself with the
bass one of the things just that REM did
so well between me and Bill and Michael
is there were a lot of counter melodies
and counter patterns going on in Scott
and Cliff our producer and engineer
there was one background vocal that I
just loved and they kind of did them and
guess what it kind of got remixed -
gunned down it goes well it's just it's
really obnoxious
as with almost every every REM song that
we wrote the music came first and we
handed it to Michael to finish lyrically
Nirvana had written a bunch of songs
Kurt had written a bunch of songs with
the word yeah in them and I you know
kind of joking way decided that I was
going to write a song that had more yes
in it than anything Kurt had ever
written and and I did I think I managed
to do that I think there are 54 years in
the song but I was really bad at getting
people to like clap along like it just
felt so stupid to me and at some point I
started kind of urging the audience to
sing the yes with us songs tend to tell
you what they want as they go along
and you never know how they're gonna end
up
you
