I believe that every American who wants
to participate in our digital economy
should be able to do Hey she's fine
I've been called plenty of the
four-letter words but a Jesus I work I
can work with you're a fan of Judge Judy
I do yes it's why could you explain this
oh it's she's great she just dispenses
this homespun wisdom and resolves actual
cases and my mom and I have been big
fans since the 90s yeah it's just great
it's yeah you should be impeached highs
middle America sensibilities come from
having grown up in middle America he's
the lawyer son of Indian immigrant
doctors who moved to the small town of
Parsons Kansas and still live there
you're making some changes and it's
causing a bit of controversy so I hear
yeah a little bit of upset for this you
don't know what net neutrality is if I
were to define it based on what your
critics say it would be something like
this freedom on the internet is now in
jeopardy because we're handing over
control of the Internet to a very few
very large corporations you know people
can see what what the companies want
them to see and can't see what the
companies don't want them to see is that
a fair assessment you think I don't
think it is for a couple of different
reasons number one previous to 2015 we
had a free and open Internet and we
didn't see that that type of conduct
happening secondly the concept of self
is so amorphous I mean it's essentially
changed over the years into essentially
whatever people want to read into it and
that's why I think you see some of these
hyperbolic reactions but it's not
hyperbolic for businesses that survive
and some who make a killing on an
Internet model where all content
providers pay the same price no matter
how much data they use argument on their
side is we should be able to charge
anybody anything we were investing and
the problem is is cable is nearly a
monopoly okay if cable had a lot of
competition it probably wouldn't be a
problem
Netflix do you watch I do okay
I assume they oppose the rollback of net
neutrality regulations correct yeah why
well I think they are
you that they don't want to have
Internet Service Providers potentially
threatening their ability to have their
customers stream contents I think just
making this up I mean it just strikes me
that so many of these people are so
upset about it and the volume and the
vitriol is so strong that it can't just
be for nothing can it volume and vitriol
are not substitutes for actual arguments
and if you look at the facts in the
record with good faith I think that
people will recognize that these kinds
of hyperbolic fears never materialize
prior to 2015 and but I will say there's
a but going forward we recognize that
there is a risk here we don't simply say
hands off we're out of the business of
regulating period I'm gonna read a tweet
you and Keith Olbermann former
television house from MSNBC
a tweet to you you will go down in
history as one of the Destroyers of free
speech a free press and the first
amendment to hell with you and your
fellow fascists Wow
mini mega well I mean obviously coming
from somebody who defends the right of a
people to have different points of view
and I think I give it a lot of credence
I mean everyone says this is a free
speech issue Ajit PI is the destroyer of
free speech it's very odd to say that
getting the government out of the
business of regulating the Internet is
somehow destroying free speech point
number one point number two
a lot of the people who are saying
things like that and I would include
that tweet among them or the last to
defend the pluralistic nature of
American discourse but the predictably
snarky Twitter discourse has given way
to more serious threats has it all been
worth it in the sense that this has
really affected your life it's not been
easy I've been advised by law
enforcement not to disclose too many
details about what's going on but I
think what has been publicly reported is
that there have been threats against me
and my wife and my kids including in our
neighborhood and it's not pleasant their
racist insults oh absolutely it's I mean
people on both sides some people say you
go back to India or wherever it is you
came from
I get those regularly Kansas that's
where you're from but it's on both sides
people saying you know you use a real
Indian American
the Indian community dis out disavows
him he's just a sellout and that sort of
stuff and look to me as I said I
understand that public policy is always
fraught with passion my preps naive hope
is that we still reclaim some part of
the public square where people can
disagree agreeably if you look at the
online discourse it's it's obviously
less focus on the facts and more focused
on you how many things can I get in and
280 characters do you worry that the
president is not leading by example on
this I mean I don't make any comments
about the president's Twitter feed or
whatever that's for other people to
decide he does all the things you just
described that's that some people can
have that argument and I'm focused on
getting this proceeding and generally
speaking trying to conduct ourselves
based on the facts in the law
you
you
