the town of Pripyat stands as a stark
reminder of the danger inherent in
nuclear power 43,000 people lived here
before the Soviet Union ordered a
complete evacuation after the accident
in 1986 this was your see Dima pop up
with the students at the time and can
you tell me about the day when the
reactor exploded what was that like
Thomas to appear including means
implicitly a live poll named Miriam
Bosley Estrella still motion with you
Casali possibly work wats Kedavra me or
cosmic estaba Tolkien be she not rhenium
chill Estonia will renew this abroad and
how did you feel when you found out you
couldn't come back to prepare to live
was just massively it not was bringing
the preclusion yeah my fear no store
down more ridiculous not Polamalu no
nearly the capacity was to me Rosa shot
you're not so good
right our to the disaster he took Soviet
workers three months to entomb the toxic
remains of the destroyed reactor that's
what the original sarcophagus was for it
was a quick fix it was never intended to
be a long-term solution for
decontamination and as years passed the
structure showed increasing risk of
collapsing a new safe confinement is the
solution for the next 100 years so right
now we are underneath this massive shell
that has been built over the top of the
reactor here in Chernobyl soon the
operations were taken from the
international community that are working
on it and given back to the Ukrainians
after the fall of the Soviet Union
Ukraine looked abroad for help cleaning
up Chernobyl 27 countries contributed
funding for the design construction of
this massive project it took 20 years
1,200 workers 1.8 billion dollars to
complete the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development is the
primary donor as coordinated work since
the beginning Simon Evans heads the
Chernobyl shelter fund why was it so
important to build this structure now we
needed some sort of solution that would
be able to give us a safety and security
and decommissioning over are very
longer-term period and this is what we
have now the new crane system is the
centrepiece of the work that is about to
start we'll carry the tools for taking
apart the decaying sarcophagus and
removing contaminated material for safe
storage but the confinement must be
sealed completely before this hazardous
process can begin this work has been a
priority over the past year the arch is
designed to seal hermetically to the old
structure which isn't flexible how tall
is it 110 meters and how heavy
thirty-six thousand tons biggest
removable land-based object ever the
confinement is reduced outside radiation
levels by 90 percent since it was
installed last November but the steel
roof alone could not stop all
contamination from escaping work has
installed a powerful ventilation system
designed to keep airborne particles
inside they also built 85 foot concrete
walls to cover end sections of the old
building
we've got only 20 minutes for the rules
according to the rules of the radiation
safety department some of the biggest
challenge we had in the last year is
sealing all the Arts the existing
structures so we have to have this very
carefully developed polymer system and
that's the problem there at the moment
for the dough straits we're encountering
there so currently the contracture has
guys up there drilling where they
drilled a hole there five minutes a day
what would have happened if none of this
happen if you hadn't put the shell on
your hand on all this work what was
built after the accident was a absolute
heroic effort Buddha's never designed to
last and over time it would collapse and
massively contaminate this whole area so
we had to provide a long-term solution
to slowly start taking the old reactor
apart and that's what we've provided but
the job of cleaning up Chernobyl is even
bigger than dealing with the
contaminated material under the new safe
confinement and the Ukrainians take
control they will also have to deal with
nuclear waste from three other reactors
that were functioning at the time of the
accident 21,000 fuel rods from those
reactors are currently housed in storage
that was only designed to last 15 years
when work starts next year the fuel rods
will be transported here where they will
be cut and packed for long-term storage
it's projected to take 8 to 10 years for
all of the rods to complete the journey
now we're entering the main hot cell
this is the heart of the facility this
is where all the real technology and
processing starts with very radioactive
fuel and behind me is a very complicated
what's called a damaged fuel table so
you have specialist manipulators here
you have the ability to twist a drill to
fix the weld to reconfigure it's like an
operating table for nuclear fuel
can I use it
this is nuts mate you can pick this up
with these the century's worth of
maintenance that the site will require
underscores one thing about Chernobyl
that hasn't changed it's still a pill
over the region's economy Denny's
Gadhafi is training to be a crane
operator with the confinement y'know
that of what I saw in a doctor he'd used
to me granny I'd use new media turquoise
analog of human ear to just yeah washing
her toe Sodapop st robot on some
dilution was 'no jobs connected to the
plant continued to be one of the only
sources of income in the region even if
workers have to live farther away than
they did 40 years ago after the soviet
union evacuated Pripyat many of the
residents went to slow boot Ã¤j--
built from scratch outside the 30
kilometre exclusion zone
it became the new home for displaced
workers they've made that hour-long
commute to maintain the plants for more
than three decades the nice is part of
the new generation
the other bottle with the rattles comes
running the song was the greatest answer
and how do you feel about the fact
Ukraine is about to take over operations
that you know what do you think they're
ready remove that wouldn't there's other
 oh it is
you
