hello amulet oral a regular of the
Schaben water and this is story boy
if I told you about her the princess
without voice what would I say our
concern is the Russians we need to take
it apart learn out what what happened
it's an animal just keep retain the
shape of water is a fairy tale for
troubled times when I was six years old
I was sitting in front of the TV on a
Sunday afternoon and I was watching a
strain of the universal horror films
they were showing the pictures from the
Black Lagoon
the creature swims underneath Julie
Adams in a white bathing suit and it's a
moment of great beauty and great power I
fell in love with the fact that they
were and I wished him the best
I hope they end up together but they did
it so it took me about 46 years to
correct the mistake creating the
amphibian man's the acid as he as he's
called in the movie took three years we
started by sketching him and clay we
painted that basically and tried to
check it under different lights all 360
then we enlisted Mike Hill the 1% of
makeup effects Scott use I can actually
deliver
you have to sculpt a face for example
that can work for every emotion anger
innocence joy it needs to really be as
expressive as a human face
the creature and how you react to it
tells more about who you are than what
the creature is he's a wild creature
can't ask him to be anything else it was
a Beauty and the Beast fable where
Beauty was not a princess in a pedestal
and the Beast was never gonna turn into
a prince when he looks at me he doesn't
know how I am incomplete he sees me as I
am the best way to address universal
truths is fable because you can disarm
the resistance of the audience and allow
them to this cause and be open to themes
that would seem very topical and very
aggressive it's a theater of the mind
and a theatre of the soul because every
morning we wake up and we choose between
fear and love and this movie tries to
articulate so it's a rather beautiful
little bit deranged and fully magical if
I told you about her what would I say I
wonder
you
you
