on November 22nd the FCC finally
unveiled its plan for the future of net
neutrality where telecom companies are
free to throttle or restrict what you
see and do on the internet it's a change
that FCC Chairman occupy first outlined
back in April we are proposing to
eliminate the so-called internet conduct
standard this 2015 rule gives the FCC a
roving mandate to micromanage the
business practices of Internet companies
during the FCC's proposal period
millions of comments were submitted many
trashing the plan PI's plan is titled
the restoring Internet freedom order
though in this case freedom is referring
to freedom for telecom companies not
freedom for consumers the plan has been
labeled a full repeal of the 2015 net
neutrality rules created under President
Obama which PI claims heralded a dark
period of government overreach following
an apparently flourishing utopia of
light touch regulations
needless to say PI's plan has been met
by a wave of criticism from activists
and experts but let's be clear here when
the broadband behemoth say light touch
what they really mean is hands-off
declassifying the internet as utility
what's also known as title to
classification means internet providers
would no longer be subject to the FCC's
open Internet rules which would be
replaced by open Internet principles and
those principles would be monitored by
the Federal Trade Commission which
critics say won't be able to
meaningfully punish telecoms meaning
that if ISPs want to cherry-pick what
content you're able to access they
wouldn't be breaking any rules they
would be breaking principles which are
much harder to enforce in fact the only
firm rule ISPs will have under this
order when it comes to net neutrality is
the obligation of transparency so if an
ISP is throttling your connection they
can do it so long as they tell you about
it
pi argues that regulation has led to
lower broadband investment but the
telecoms own CEOs tell investors that
net neutrality rules don't really affect
their infrastructure plans because
Republicans control the FCC there's not
much that can stop PI's plan the draft
order even has special provisions to
prevent individual states from creating
their own net neutrality regulations now
that the federal government is calling
it quits
the official FCC vote on this will
happen on December 14th maybe it's time
to get a head start on all that Netflix
you were planning to watch
