we're gonna beat your ass you just get
that through your stinking traitorous
heads excuse me I apologize only a lot
of Christian affiliates I am a Christian
but I will stop your head in if you
start a fight with me you thug scum
anyways excuse me ladies and gentlemen
bunch of cowards excuse me
ah I'm gonna control myself right now he
is a demon
damn to hell excuse me I've been trying
to control myself trying to be
professional about this but at a certain
point I just I'm just really getting
pissed excuse me we're not gonna have
Pepsi with baby flavoring in it what the
hell have we become excuse me I didn't
have a liberal from New York in the
bathroom I could wipe my ass excuse me I
apologize we have a family audience that
was wrong and I won't do it again
you think I'm a coward like you I'm
sorry dishonorable cowardly pieces of
garbage excuse me coming for ya we know
what you're doing excuse me they're
gonna burn in hell
excuse me this is a time bomb excuse me
you're a big tough guy buddy you just
ran into me how do you like that now hit
me in the face to see what happens Punk
I'm sorry there's an attack on the
species by a guild of psychopath so they
must be defeated I'm gonna somehow
become a clash 2/7 stick across a season
