I know that the Army is driving it but
can you see we're all here even I know
they brought the same party but for the
first time everyone is included and
that's what matters
living is one way we are not allowed to
express our rights
one way we don't have access to basic
rights we don't have clean water we
don't have health we don't have jobs you
know it's a kind of the battle where
people are not allowed to express
themselves free we wanted to go down
you know people asking me last year when
I was a resident this year they said
aren't you afraid you know and I said
yes I am afraid but let me tell you who
I'm afraid of I'm more afraid of my
children twenty years from now when they
ask me why did you do nothing that is a
more fearful fault
right now we are right in the middle of
the central business district
everyone is marching we are all going to
what state house now and that there is
hundreds of thousands of people on the
street everyone has come from everywhere
we don't have to wait for someone tense
a picture look at it it's a big tree
Mugabe never allowed us to do this and
this time we can get his permission we
did it ourselves
this corn is history
we're not sure what the information is
we're told that the general that came
out to address has said that thanks for
coming that it's the first step and that
will be more information coming out so
he's asked us to this is the end of an
era we have never seen anything like
this I mean this is just just incredible
I'm gonna set up my TV at the same time
as the president of Zimbabwe and as
their commander-in-chief do acknowledge
the issues they have drawn my it was
just it was crazy like the whole nation
was listening to this thing and this guy
said nothing nothing he was sitting
there with the generals and you know
everybody and when it when it finished
like the whole nation was just like what
what just happened so I think that you
know for the first time there is a
little bit of you know kind of worry
that maybe things are not gonna go our
way but you know I think the optimism is
there because you can see the process
already started
you know the voices are really loud from
all the citizens to say look we don't
want this
you
