you can cover me our guy this is Joey
okay so as well on the mannequin yeah
yeah Joey
so we're individually giving them all
names sure so and we can keep control of
where they are and what they've been
doing I have to tell you I'm surprised
that more people aren't talking about
the problem of bird poop on wind
turbines yeah I think he'll find area
within the industry they are everybody
is mourning and everybody is kind of
scratching their head what we're gonna
do what we're gonna do can you show me
how this works absolutely I'd be
delighted to I'll just pop him on the
bird sounds like it's dying no it's just
scary
it's meant to be scaring yeah if this is
on a wind turbine on an offshore wind
turbine this would also be billowing in
the wind right his extremely strong
winds up there so this this is
essentially but it would be like yeah
yeah and it's absolutely robust in our
pilot we actually had some really bad
storms out there okay and Joey stood
strong it's really good yeah so this
isn't just first saving wind energy
companies money this is also about the
workers health it's it's ultimately and
first and foremost it's about health if
you've got teams that are out there and
there is guano in an area they cannot
work there
you know the spores are carcinogenic and
there's allergens it's a slip trip risk
and it's just not safe at first when we
looked at the design and we looked at
what we were doing with it why has
nobody done this before why is there
nothing already out there but it's it's
like a lot of good inventions it's
simple but it also incorporates lots of
other technology we've come together
into one unit which is going to
hopefully solve the problem how did the
pilot study go fantastically well better
than we expected it went on for three
weeks and we actually had a hundred
percent reduction in Guana there was no
new guano at all in meaning
that no birds is no new guano I repeat
no new guano
so this is him kind of coming together
we've got the battery inside here and
we've got the bird scare and eunuch just
inside this box and that's what you call
it the birds scaring you yes very very
technical term it is it's the technical
it's a technical device to be honest
it's based on a very simple idea logy of
a scarecrow we've got a realistic head
there he would generally want these
completely do you have a helmet on but
we've got eyes we've got eyebrows we've
got the nose it's absolutely necessary
head girls and the birds are very clever
I noticed that Joey doesn't have any
pants
yeah um was that ever a discussion that
you guys had he was always gonna be
pants free okay and okay the reason that
we did that is because we need to have
access to switch the device on and off
so the pants no never an option hands
would have hindered that so so the
reason there is no pants is for easy
access yes how many Joey's are there
currently in operation we don't have any
in operation at the moment okay where
we're currently working with some
companies on some proposals to go out
there and then as soon as as soon as the
order comes in we'll be ready to go how
much this goes one of these Joey is cost
and the whole plan for us is not to sell
them but it's to rent them do you have a
figure that you can share with me for
the cost of renting one of these guys
out for for a week at the moment it is
very price sensitive because the
products just coming out there right so
just to be clear you're not ready to
share the price of renting out one of
these scarecrows with me it will be an
awful lot less than the cost of cleaning
up
you
you
