I have many friends many many friends
all of my friends so many Steve I see
over here Marco Rubio is a very very
good friend of mine Tom Brady's a friend
of mine my friend Elton John George
Steinbrenner was a good friend of mine
Howard Stern was a friend of mine we've
been friends for a long time friend of
mine is a great manufacturing friend of
Mines a great excavator I have a friend
who builds plants
I have friends a friend of mine who's in
law enforcement my best friends have
become fire marshals the generals had
become very good friends of mine my
biker friends the friend who's a doctor
friend he's a farmer I know the
insurance companies their friends and
mine have many friends that are liberal
and I think they're wonderful people I
have friends that are wonderful business
people I have friends that are very
wealthy people friends of mine go
bankrupt I have many many friends who
are women and I have some very smart
friends don't agree with me I had a
friend who was a very smart guy in a
very streetwise guy friend of mine he's
a world champion a friend of mine who
happens to be a great great athlete he
happens to be african-american you know
I have a friend big guy one of the
biggest in the world I have a friend
he's a very very substantial guy tough
tough cookies I better not mention their
names and two of them are friends of my
friends also that have become addicted
to drugs of my friend he was my friend
he passed away who's my friend I have a
friend every year he goes to Paris I
have friends they won't go to friends
friends live in California so many
friends and a lot of good friends out in
Iowa friends that live in Texas friends
in Wisconsin friends that love to go to
their church have friends that frankly
are Christian I have many Jewish friends
you have many friends that are Muslims
many Chinese friends France and Saudi
Arabia friends in Mexico friends in
Japan so many friends in Turkey many
friends in South Korea have so many
friends from this area friends that live
all over the place I have no friends as
far as I'm concerned
