tonight Sutherland Springs opens old
wounds turbulence in the South China Sea
and Roy Moore the Republican nominee for
Senate in Alabama denied the allegation
that he sexually abused a
fourteen-year-old girl when he was a 32
year old prosecutor he claims to have
never met the accuser now I've never
talked to her and never had any contact
with her allegations of sexual
misconduct with her completely false I
believe the politically motivated I
believe there brought only to stop a
very successful campaign and that's what
they're doing leak horsemen now 53 told
The Washington Post that more kissed and
fondled her in 1979 Louie CK has
confirmed the accounts of five women who
accused him of exposing and touching
himself in front of them as part of a
long statement the comedian said these
stories are true
and the power I had over these women is
that they admired me and I wielded that
power irresponsibly
the admission comes after the company
distributing his new movie
I love you daddy said it won't be
releasing the film HBO netflix and FX
have all cut ties on projects with Luisi
characters The Wall Street Journal
reports that Special Counsel Robert
Muller is investigating Michael Flynn's
role in an alleged plot to remove Muslim
cleric Fethullah Gulen from the United
States and sent him to Turkey in
exchange for fifteen million dollars
Gulen lives in Pennsylvania and Turkish
president reg of erawan has been trying
to get the u.s. to extradite him ever
since a failed coup attempt last year
Flynn was on turkeys payroll through
2016 receiving $500,000 for foreign
lobbying work he failed to disclose in a
statement today
Flynn's legal team called the
allegations outrageous and prejudicial
an American journalist who is being held
in maximum security prison in Zimbabwe
was released on bail today Martha
O'Donovan who writes for a political
satire
kog'maw gamba is accused of undermining
the government and insulting President
Robert Mugabe reportedly for calling him
a selfish and sink man O'Donovan denies
the allegation she faces up to 20 years
in prison according to the Constitution
we are supposed to fluidly be able to
speak a Marine Corps drill instructor
who was found guilty of abusing and
hazing recruits has been sentenced to 10
years in prison and dishonorably
discharged military prosecutors accused
gunnery sergeant Joseph Felix an Iraq
war veteran of punching choking and
kicking recruits and specifically
targeting Muslims because of their faith
one of the men Raheel Siddiqui killed
himself after being abused
Felix pleaded not guilty to the charges
which resulted from a larger
investigation into abuse of the Marines
boot camp at Parris Island South
Carolina
the pastor of the Sutherland Springs
Church where a gunman massacred 26
people says the building will be
demolished pastor Frank Pomeroy whose
own 14 year old daughter was among the
victims says it would be too painful to
hold services there again the Sutherland
Springs attack was the worst mass
killing at a church in American history
but it wasn't the first 37 years ago a
shooter opened fire in a church in
another small Texas town
Larry Lynam lost his seven-year-old
daughter Gina here on a summer morning
in 1980 this is the monument they
erected after everything kind of settled
down is this a place you come to
sometimes no no I've not been here in
years the significance in there this it
goes with me where I go I don't have to
come here he'd sent Gina off to Sunday
service at First Baptist Church in
downtown before heading around the
corner to another church where he was
singing in the choir everything that
happened in here on June the 22nd for
about 31 seconds was awful
31 seconds is all it took
in a small town of Dangerfield Texas
this morning a heavily armed man dressed
in army gear walked into a Baptist
Church yelled this is war and opened
fire on the congregation when it was
over four people were dead including a
seven-year-old girl at least nine were
wounded he was identified as Alan King
the third of former math teacher
residents who knew King say he may have
held a grudge against members of the
congregation the killings in Dangerfield
were a shock to the nation at the time a
mass shooting on a Sunday morning at
church in quiet small-town America when
it happened again this week in eerily
similar circumstances it brought the
past back to life and ripped open the
kinds of wounds that never really heal I
would let her ride her bicycle down this
street right here Lynam doesn't live in
Dangerfield anymore he can hardly bear
to visit I would run through the woods
watching her till she got right up here
so I told her just to make sure she was
safe that's right it sounds like you
have a very vivid memory of these scenes
you don't know these things are hard but
they need to be emphasized because there
are parents
there are grandparents down south right
now who are going to have to live with
what I live
and they're not going to get over it do
you remember what the first few days
were like after the shooting for you i
sat in a room waiting for a funeral and
I'm gonna tell you right now those folks
those precious people down there and
southern Springs are being set up for
the anger that's coming in it's part of
the darkness that came that day this
church continued on tragedy struck but
it's not permanent it's not forever we
know what's forever in 1980 Steve Cowen
was 30 years old sitting in a middle pew
when the gunman came through the
sanctuary doors behind him he was
changed by the attacks too you know I
probably wouldn't be the district
attorney to Dave and Ben for the church
shooting I probably would remain in
private practice but I felt at the end
of my career that maybe I could give
back to the community so my own petty
glee in 1980 it was hard to perceive
what happened about stand up to sing the
final chapter of a hymn among your
friends and someone break in and holler
this is war an opened fire on the
congregation I pray for every one of
those remaining
that is it also a little discouraging to
think it's been 37 years and here we are
right back here again it's very
discouraging but it's hard to be hopeful
that this church shooting is gonna be
different than Newtown or or Colorado or
all the way back to Dangerfield the NRA
and the gun lobby are particularly
strong opponents
it's only after things like this that
people are even allowed to talk about
and then they're criticized for being
too soon
today the room where the shootings took
place is a fellowship hall used for
community events and there's a brand new
sanctuary built with donated funds in
the years after the attack these books
are letters from different churches
different individuals words of
encouragement and just starting a couple
days after maybe this is yeah as June 27
that is five days later you know and
they kept every one of them the new
pastor Danny Broughton has been getting
a crash course in the church's history
so so why not we to encourage our church
to do the same to send letters to
Southern Springs did Sutherland Springs
you think it ripped open some wounds
here again yeah yes every time it's
brought up every time it's discussed
it's done
yeah they relive it again grieving is
hard to put a time limit on yes it's
gonna be hard yes it's gonna be lonely
and yes it's kind of anger you but I am
here to tell you that you're not gonna
get over it but you are gonna get
through it did you did you get a weapon
after the church incident oh yes you've
got one because of that yes really do
you carry it yes it's a beast it's a 45
and you carry that because of what
happened at the church yes how come I
made myself a promise after I buried my
daughter I put my hand on her lifeless
body and I said to her daddy's gonna
make everything right
I've been asked many many times would I
have killed alkene I would take this 45
put it in the middle of his eyes and
pull the trigger I don't think I feel
that way today but would I exact justice
on him in a heartbeat the countries that
border the South China Sea are fiercely
protective of their territorial claims
to those waters and this week a spat
over building on small sandbars put the
Philippines and China at odds Philippine
president rodrigo duterte about to
confront his very assertive neighbor
about its maritime intentions at the
APEC summit underway in Vietnam Isabelle
young has more from the Philippines the
South China Sea has about three trillion
dollars worth of global trade passing
through it every single year
so having the rights to these waters
means having access to shipping lanes
fishing oil and gas of all the Asian
nations that have laid claims to these
waters China has been by far the most
aggressive since 2015 it's been
reclaiming land directly from the sea
and building artificial islands and
militarizing to some of those islands
the Philippines has been building to but
on a much smaller scale this week they
back down from those endeavors by
halting construction on the Santee case
and those just last year I was with the
Philippines Army visiting base and ours
who are you defending this island
against absolutely for those invading
who are those invading obviously there's
only a few of you what are you gonna do
if the Chinese do come here and try and
take over this island to defend this
from a or we don't have any weapons or
the big weapons to counter with them so
it's impossible to defend against the
Chinese if you don't have any weapons or
anything right maybe is so far Duterte
has avoided confronting the Chinese
directly of the South China Sea opting
instead for cozia relationships with
China's President Xi Jinping
but he has also said that he will
address these concerns with the Chinese
in person
appearing to give a tougher stance the
Filipino citizens control of these
islands is a point of national pride and
they'll be watching closely to see what
the next steps are the u.s. is also
bound to be watching closely given that
the Philippines is a closed Southeast
Asian Ally and that China's geopolitical
dominance in the region only seems to be
growing police in Papua New Guinea began
dismantling an immigration detention
center on Manus Island where Australia
holds asylum seekers the 600 men inside
say they have no place else to go and
have refused to be relocated now the
government is warning them that they may
be moved by force tomorrow if they won't
go voluntarily the detainees have been
holed up in the camp without food water
or electricity since authorities shut it
down early last week what you want
this is my component is a to lock a car
is a Pakistani asylum seeker he's been
detained on Manus Island for more than
four years like most of the men here
authorities intercepted him when he was
trying to reach Australia by boat
deteriorating conditions in the now
unguarded camp force is a Toula to leave
and look for supplies earlier this week
we're digging and to find the water we
don't have our we don't have force I'm
looking to find some medicine Australia
immigration told don't give anything to
dis people Papua New Guinea says all
asylum claims that this detention center
have been processed and the facility
needs to be returned from Australian to
local control the government wants to
move the remaining detainees to other
holding facilities on the island until
they can be resettled or deported but
the men are scared to leave in 2014 a
detainee was killed in clashes with
locals now they're forcing to move to
East during go we are need safety even
if the man whose people don't want us so
how we can stay here how we can settle
in the community we respected and the
one local people and then they again
beat us it's true
police insists that the new facilities
like East Lauren Gao are safe and fully
operational
but is the Toula things will be just as
bad 120 people six in the detention
centre long room and there is no
medicine no power not water there are my
friends is dying
please help us lift us do we go in
somewhere we need a good life
we have feminism
three months after the unite the right
rally in Charlottesville white
supremacist Christopher Cantwell finally
appeared before a judge yesterday he's
been in a local jail since late August
accused of three violent felonies le
rêve reports from Charlottesville a
judge here at the Albemarle General
Court dismissed two of three charges
that were brought against Christopher
Cantwell the judge allowed the charge of
injury caused by a caustic agent and the
case is headed to a grand jury he
dropped the charges of illegal uses of
gases maliciously and unlawfully for
lack of evidence
the complainants Christopher goat and
Emily Gore Sinskey say Cantwell mace
them during a melee after a tiki torch
rally on August 11th video played a big
role in the hearing with countless
lawyer going through it frame by frame
can't well look different than he did in
August he's lost weight his hairs grown
out he looks less menacing in a striped
jumpsuit and wrist and leg restraints
but he kept a cold stare at Gore since
kee Elmer woulded represents Cantwell
and argued his client use pepper spray
in self defense by objecting to almost
every question he dragged the hearing on
for more than six hours Woodard walked
past the media after the hearing and was
promptly confronted by protesters
about a dozen white nationalists showed
up wearing black to support Cantwell 40
members of the community showed up too
many wearing red
I spoke to Emily Gorski after the
hearing about what it meant for her and
the anti-fascist movement the
anti-fascist organizers that you've
worked with are not known for using the
police
generally speaking anti-fascist and
anti-racist activists and anarchists
don't like to work with the police and
frankly that's because the system has a
tendency to turn it around on us
and so it is a calculated risk to
involve the state to be willing to talk
to the state but I'm very comfortable in
my position to be able to do that with
all right seeming to gain momentum and
trying to go mainstream does the
anti-fascist movement also need to go
mainstream I think it does I think that
one of the things that we've really
focused on in Charlottesville as a
community is trying to broaden the reach
of radical direct action to involve
people who wouldn't normally be involved
I think ultimately we do need to bring
anti-fascism into the mainstream because
the only that the movement the alt-right
movement is not the only fascism that
we're facing in this country what has
been the personal cost to you of
pressing charges against Chris Cantwell
you know it's really hard to quantify
that um I have lost a lot in this
process so there is you know a sense
that like any day somebody could come up
to my house and decide to shoot it up or
that somebody could attack you know my
wife on her way to work or
or harass my family unfortunately when
you go speak out against a violent
movement you can expect a violent
backlash Jeffrey just want it to be over
I want all of this to be over I want all
this to be done and I want the people
who brought violence into this community
to be punished for it I would have
really very much like to move on with my
life I didn't ask for this they came to
this town you know Chris Cantwell
doesn't live here I live here is Donald
Trump making colossal mistakes all the
time or is he playing some sort of
three-dimensional chess is this some
sort of psycho three-dimensional chess
wizardly suite dimensional chess
3d chess has been shorthand for complex
political strategy for over a decade but
since Donald Trump's rise to the
presidency the term has taken on a new
dimension Trump supporters use the trope
to explain what seemed like an endless
stream of gaffes and policy disasters
and as the gaps grew so did the
hyperbole the president is playing four
dimensional chess like eventual chess 14
dimensional chess 37 dimensional chess
so is Donald Trump playing 3d chess and
is it even a useful analogy before we
can find the answer we first have to ask
an important question what the hell is
3d chess
3d chess is a lot like regular chess
except that you play on several
different levels the idea was meant to
represent the fact that modern warfare
had landsea and now air elements
different versions were invented over
the years there are dozens of
incarnations of 3d chess today
your mind is not on the game captain
the most popular version was in 1967 on
Star Trek the only problem was there was
no actual rules going on only later did
Trekkies decide they wanted to make a
real game and they reverse engineered
some rules for this very special chess
set for more insight we found the
mastermind behind the world's most
beloved version of multi-dimensional
chess
this is as you can see a very clumsy
piece of dr. Leroy dubeck a chess
master and former president of the u.s.
Chess Federation was hired as a
consultant in the development for the
official rules for Star Trek
tri-dimensional chess I have never had a
passion then or now for 3d chess I got
my check I put away the Star Trek board
and set where it's sat in a closet for
decades you can see from the amount of
dust on it just how many decades if all
you know is 3d chess this doesn't mean
you can dominate someone who's playing
to the chest regular chess as far more
applications in the real world so we
could you show your daddies and a
playlist I do not think you need to be a
genius to play 3d chess it doesn't make
you any smarter and if you're really
smart they're too smart to play 3d chess
this you see it's a waste is 3d chess
truly useless or is the game's creator
simply failing to appreciate its
complexity is there anyone willing to
stand up as a champion of
multi-dimensional chess
my name is Tony Britton and I run the
Facebook group amateur China internal
chess league
this is my humble tri-dimensional chess
headquarters where I build my chess
boards and play out my games on Thursday
nights this is an illusion a chess board
I saw his design like wow I can do that
easy easy pan easy if we want to play a
game in the Facebook boot what we'll do
is well start a post and then you just
comment your moves you play on your
board I play on my board until the game
is finished we started this game of
physica second I use a zodiac calendar
by the way Oh Fifi Gus is the thirteenth
the zodiac
just this year alone we've had 44
members join which is the most of any
one of the years I've had so far I think
when people see the tri-dimensional
chess board they see the three levels
and they get intimidated by it do not
let the three boards intimidate you here
we go my rook is protected through the
Queen mm-hmm one of the craziest things
is to wrap your mind around the
dimensions sometimes you'll be looking
at something you think I can't move that
there and then you're like yes you can
or attacking your queen now you don't
see it do you
mmm Knight takes rook cuz your knight is
right here right oh that's where it is
see it's so confusing sometimes that's
that the different plane thing I'm
telling you to be really good at 3d
chess you have to be a genius yeah just
like in regular testing whether you're
playing globe chest circle chess three
player chests try dimensional chess you
got to understand the basic concepts of
chess mm-hm and now the final move and
that's checkmate Wow
while our experts disagree on the game's
usefulness they do see eye to eye when
it comes to Trump's ability to use
almost any kind of chess strategy do I
think Donald Trump would be good at
playing tri-dimensional chess I don't
think so
I don't think Donald Trump will do well
at chess when chess or 3d chess is used
as an analogy for president Trump's
thinking chess players are not
particularly pleased with this
comparison Donald Trump in most of the
things that I've seen do is reactionary
he appears to make impulsive moves and
that can be disastrous at chess I would
love to see Donald Trump sit down at a
chess board there's nowhere for him to
hide when you sit down at a chess board
you no one's allowed to help you every
single decision you make is yours to
bear alone and personal responsibility
is not necessarily his strong suit he
may think he's playing chess but he's
just moving the pieces and saying
checkmate and I'm like wait a minute
timeout that's not how the pieces move
that's vice news tonight for Friday
November 10th
you
