do you think Jesus would have worn Rick
Owens often people ask about that for
fashion stuff and the only reason why
they ask cuz they're just not used to
seeing a church where people look like
normal people
so if you come into our church we
already win because I look just like you
I have regular stuff on your going
church attendance is on the decline but
not at Hillsong services 90 minutes
throbbing with attractive racially
diverse people and is a cross between
SoulCycle and karaoke with a band
Jesus have pray tonight but you would do
it only you can do Pearl speaks for a
half hour in between songs in a race
against modern attention spans and it's
a formula that scales for huge audiences
conferences are held in stadiums like
Madison Square Garden Murch of course is
crucial your flock so to speak is 8,000
strong is this just a long con to sell
books this is separate from church and
that we're not bringing it in to church
this isn't like a built-in audience that
it so the the real short answer is no
God has never called me at a good time
that is exactly how you should be living
right now worship until God tells you to
stop if you've heard of Hillsong it's
likely due to lenses social media cloud
and his celebrity friends how do you
reconcile like pop culture and like
church culture sometimes being a
cross-purposes just because we connect
with culture doesn't mean that we have
sold out the culture so our job isn't
necessarily to always vilify culture so
culture is a conduit through which you
transmit your message
1 million percent we're gonna hustle
culture rather than quotes are always
hustling
maybe the church it's Justin Bieber to
Hillsong what Tom Cruise is to
Scientology no it's apples and oranges
because Scientology is so out there
they're like you're right you're the guy
so if we can get you indoctrinated quick
enough we're gonna make you the spokes
we've we've never done that Justin's
never set foot on the stage this is not
a show we're not here to put on
religious performance Jesus we're here
because we need you now say Amen like a
Pentecostal believers should Hillsong
works their global audience is
staggering six point 1 billion minutes
of Hillsong content was viewed on
YouTube last year Hillsong UNITED one of
their music groups went double platinum
it's shiny packaging for age-old
messages you seem progressively dress
cool what is your stance on marriage
equality I think we have a PR problem
marriage equality it's a non-issue
because the laws of the land in New York
City gay people can get married but I
guess my question is in your opinion is
marriage only between a man and a woman
my opinion is secondary to what we
believe the Bible's opinion is so
Hillsong Church traditionally for 30
years we would say the Bible is really
clear that marriage is between man and a
woman and I believe the Bible says what
it says and I interpret it exactly as
the Bible says we could kill from both
sides the Christian Right thinks that
we're to open this super left thinks
we're not loud enough in our affirmation
caught in the middle as they might be
Hillsong and Lentz are relevant how that
influence and reach will play out
remains to be seen
so you're an influencer and even a
hashtag influencer if you could
influence politics in the US
would you take it that far yeah I I
think I've had some some small moments
where I've had a chance to do that a
little bit yeah I'm open to whatever but
I don't think I'll be doing politics so
do you no but if there was like a
Hillsong member in the Oval Office that
would be pretty cool it would be rad
yeah I've done some White House stuff on
the slide what does that mean like been
in rooms with people who make big
decisions which administration this one
you
