tomorrow Facebook will continue its
congressional testimony and appear
before the Senate Intelligence Committee
to discuss the company's ad platform the
mostly automated behemoth that's brought
Facebook more than forty four billion
dollars in revenue over the past two
years and that a pro-kremlin troll farm
exploited to purchase hate and live
filled ads during the 2016 election the
idea that in a fake news on Facebook
influence the election in any way I
think is a pretty crazy idea initially
Zuckerberg and Facebook were dismissive
that fake news and unregulated ads
played any role in the 2016 election but
over time their tone has changed things
happened on our platform in this
election that should not have happened
especially and very troubling foreign
interference in a democratic election I
care deeply about the democratic process
and protecting its integrity
Facebook's mission is all about giving
people a voice and bring people closer
together the Senate is focusing on
Facebook's role in the election but
several people inside the company told
vice news they're concerned that the
inquiry will dredge up something much
deeper a decade-long pattern of reckless
product rollouts embarrassing exposures
and denials that put profit first and
Facebook's two billion users last
in 2007 Facebook released an ad product
called beacon it would track you
effectively on other websites that had
partnered with Facebook it would send
information about your actions on these
sites to Facebook and then Facebook
would post something to your feed about
what you had been doing when beacon
began that process would happen
automatically and not require users
consent users who bought movie tickets
on Fandango would have the movie they
saw posted to their timeline one user
had his surprise Christmas gift ruined
when the ring he bought on overstock.com
was posted to his timeline and his wife
saw it there was an almost immediate
backlash against beacon which prompted
Facebook to assure users that they could
opt out except as Stephan Berto
discovered I was recording the network
traffic that was going back and forth
between my computer and these websites
and Facebook and I was a little bit
concerned to find out that detailed
information about my Facebook user name
my email address and the exactly the
infirmity actions I was taking on these
websites was being sent to Facebook they
explicitly claimed that they were not
doing that which constitutes a lie to
their user base for which they later had
to apologize in 2009 Facebook agreed to
pay 9.5 million dollars to settle a
class-action suit brought by users
beacon was the first sign that inside
Facebook user privacy was not a priority
even to those whose job it was to
protect it unlike most of the other
corporate privacy teams I had spoken to
they seemed very focused on how they
could get us to stop calling them a
threat perhaps a bit more than how they
might actually protect people's privacy
two years after beacon Facebook
announced a change to its privacy policy
suddenly a user's friend's gender
current city and even profile photos
became publicly available by default
this to us felt very much like a bait
and switch
mark rothenburg leads the Electronic
Privacy Information Center or
EPIK alarmed by the sudden privacy
change epic filed a 29 page complaint
with the FTC what we uncovered was the
effort of Facebook to change those
privacy settings to make user
information more widely available than
they had intended doing the privacy
change for 350 million users but
criticism over Facebook's ever-changing
privacy settings grew Facebook's recent
changes to its privacy policy run a
serious risk of taking control of one's
personal information away from the user
and the whole tenets of Facebook has
been that you control your information
the FTC eventually sided with epic
creating a consent order that required
Facebook to get users express consent
before sharing their personal
information but rothenburg says the FTC
never enforced the order that sends a
message to the companies that even the
regulators even the consumer protection
agencies aren't going to act to protect
the interests of consumers and that
can't be right in 2011 Facebook released
tag suggestions the facial recognition
software allowed Facebook to tag users
and shared photos automatically users
were opted in by default
how can you users make an informed
decision if you don't actually tell them
in their privacy settings they're using
facial recognition this is a 2012
hearing on Facebook's use of facial
recognition that nowhere does it talk
about facial recognition
okay page right you haven't done that so
I mean I've done that I had I didn't
create the the visual so I I don't know
that but I can tell you that what
haven't you done so I'm sorry I just
haven't seen the visual so senator
Franken tasked us with researching how
private companies were using face
recognition technology
alvaro Bedoya was chief counsel for
Minnesota senator Al Franken we realized
that Facebook had created the world's
this commercial face recognition
database without their permission you
can clear your browsing history you can
delete your cookies and you can turn off
your smartphone you cannot delete your
face Facebook is not collecting this
information for benign purposes their
goal is to be able to track everything
we do not just in our online world but
in person as well Jay Adelson is leading
a class action against the company in
the United States alleging Facebook
violated Illinois's biometric
information Privacy Act when it scanned
users pictures to create face templates
without telling them Facebook has filed
a motion to dismiss the litigation
Illinois has the best law in the country
when it comes to biometrics it's a very
simple law to comply with according to
court filings internal Facebook
documents appear to show that Zuckerberg
was frustrated with product delays in
that quote we didn't identify privacy
questions earlier once they realized
that they weren't going to get out of
the suit quickly they hired a bunch of
lobbyists to come in and amend the bill
which would basically got it I think
their goal was to not just got it from
the future but to cut it retroactive Lee
which would end up killing our lawsuit
if Facebook succeeds in gutting our
nation's strongest biometric privacy law
they're gonna open up a Pandora's box of
privacy violations it's that Illinois
privacy law that keeps strangers from
pointing a camera at you and using face
recognition to identify you by name
Facebook declined to comment on this
piece but last Friday it announced plans
to change the way it deals with
political ads political advertisers will
now have to verify their identity and
Facebook is building machine learning to
help identify those who don't this isn't
a new process for Facebook Facebook can
regulate ads on its platform and it does
do so every day alcohol ads are heavily
regulated in every country in the world
Facebook programmatically by by which I
mean using code goes through all of its
ads figures out which are probably for
alcohol-related stuff and then apply a
set of rules but are particular to that
country or you know that particular
to the market and in a very similar way
they could do the same thing in the
political sphere if if they wanted to
Facebook has also promised to hire 250
additional employees to help something
that has previously been hesitant to do
when I ran the team believe it or not at
the end of every quarter the key graph
that I had to show Cheryl was the number
of ads being policed effectively going
up and to the right right we're
reviewing more and more ads and the
number of people employed in the team
being flat in other words we're handling
more capacity with the same number of
people or fewer so far us regulators
have lagged behind their European
counterparts and reigning in tech
companies it's unclear if these hearings
represent a new tack or the return of a
familiar pattern the moment you lift a
finger to regulate a company like
Facebook on Capitol Hill you will be met
by an army of lobbyists and lobbying
will continue to stop these efforts
unless we as a whole decide to regulate
these companies in a meaningful
common-sense way if I look you up or get
information about you I just go to the
Facebook and type in your name and it
brings me out like hopefully all the
information I'd care to know about you
Facebook began by giving away its
product and preaching the gospel of
sharing 13 years later it's one of the
world's most profitable companies with
unprecedented powers of surveillance
over its two billion users that means
that at least for now Facebook knows a
lot more about the members of Congress
who might regulate it than the members
of Congress know about Facebook
you
