how do we beat these hopefully get your
Trump's do her job inin doesn't just
play these Shaymin drums
he makes them how much would you charge
for this one say them I think three four
hundred knots in the no no these people
didn't have money that's not the only
business he's got going there's
filmmaking and an artist version of air
B&B all this will help him bring up six
kids sort of all three kids sleep in
this bar
yeah they are sleeping there but
sometimes quite often they are sleeping
on the floor or on the trampoline and
yes I'm an artist and I'm done that yeah
you nanak has died yes had you swung by
last year things wouldn't have been half
so jolly back then jobless Jew hub was
on dole money which comes with such
tight restrictions he wasn't able to
pursue any of his business ideas but
since January he's been getting six
hundred and sixty dollars a month no
strings attached
what has a basic income made possible
feudin it's making possibility to create
my own business before I needed to focus
for what employment of his once and now
I can focus what I want to do so I'm now
like I am taking control of my life
before it was unplanned office and
government you get paid about $600 a
month
what does that enable you to do is that
a lot of money for you in Finland with
five hundred and sixty years it's very
little money you need to be Medici and
to survive with that money
so it it doesn't make people just
she loved or Mustaine their couches his
apparently idyllic lifestyle forms part
of one of the biggest economic
experiments of our time Universal basic
income has rocketed in popularity since
banking crash Bernie Sanders backs it so
does tech Titan Elon Musk
now Finland is hosting the first big
trial in Europe this isn't the purest
form of ubi which would be handed out to
everyone even billionaires instead it
focuses only on the unemployed still
there's a big jump between pilot and
policy and ministers know it what's the
politics of actually giving people are
unemployed money just to sit at home I
think it's not about just to stay at
home because I personally believe that
in Finland citizens really want to work
just as ubi free juha from being trapped
in welfare it could do the same for many
others around the world in labor markets
and benefit system is the long-term
unemployed person takes a fortune job he
or she might lose some benefits and you
get more money rather than stay at home
that then going to work but of course I
understand the criticism because it's a
very open hand it because you give the
money and then you don't you text them
or then you don't ask what are you doing
with the money the link between work and
wages is at the heart of capitalism
breaking it is opposed by some very
powerful groups in Finland that includes
a finance ministry and the country's
largest trade union the problem is how
to fund the the benefits benefits have
to be funded by taxation and let's paid
by double paid by the workers if you pay
everyone enough to live upon that means
that people don't have to work which
means that many people would quite
definitely choose to work less you were
saying it's unaffordable how
unaffordable is it what kind of impact
would it have on the economy well the
current model being tested if it were
implemented or national scale would
increase the budget deficit by five
percent of GDP a more realistic scheme
would would involve a much higher rate
of Taxation to fund the fund of the
benefits and high rate of Taxation means
lower incentives to work what happens if
we just give everyone money for nothing
ways ways of the tax can they come from
the Thai friend there must be a lot of
like creative people and they would
create something new after ten years we
have a lot of new face books YouTube's
uber taxis
so it's like code I think in our DNA
that it's all the time in developing so
that makes people anyway active
you
