a federal court in Washington DC handed
down a decision on Friday evening in the
case of Jane Doe the young undocumented
immigrant in Texas fighting to get an
abortion a three-judge panel said the
government can have ten days until
October 31st to find a sponsor to take
custody of Jane Doe at which point she
could lawfully have an abortion under
Texas law if the government doesn't find
her a sponsor the judges said a lower
court could order the federal government
to allow the seventeen-year-old to have
the procedure but by that point she'll
be almost 17 weeks pregnant and every
day that passes she faces greater risk
to her health and greater risks that
doctors will refuse to go through with
the procedure in the first place
Antonia Hilton was with jane doe's
guardian Rachelle Garza as the court's
decision came down the government has a
very heavy burden of showing irreparable
harm here and they cannot show that I
think that this is a terrible decision
because it doesn't really help her it
doesn't help Janna it definitely doesn't
help anybody else in her situation I
think saying that she can go with a
sponsor is just a shortcut it doesn't
really cut to the to the issues that are
happening right now the fact that she's
being denied something that is a right
what does today's decision mean for Jane
Doe it just means that she's just gonna
have to wait longer
I'm sorry is this a win for the Trump
administration yes this is a win for
them but it's not over yet this is just
a delayed that's how we're gonna treat
it we're gonna regroup and we're going
to keep going right keep fighting for
Jade
a symbolic funeral in Mogadishu today
drew a thousand people to honor the
victims of Somalia's largest terrorist
attack the October 14th bombing of a
busy downtown street killed at least 281
people and injured more than 300 but the
Somali government has almost no
emergency services in tending to the
bombings aftermath has largely fallen to
community volunteers vice news met with
an activist who's leading those efforts
my mom and William Savannah complaining
in here hey ed man mo na honey
Inigo Serrano and Newton ago come on ISA
and it's look show got cotton I bet you
insulin they say
Munna Hassan Mohammed's phone started
ringing almost immediately after the
blast the 29 year old leads an umbrella
group of 42 youth focused NGOs and civil
society groups in Somalia her members
wanted to help I have a hate so that she
was screamin like a girl a semester I
would you're in legal I know darling how
could her now and I'm a good mother ha
ha I'm gonna know we're doing you know
gonna be a deacon Somalia has been at
war with itself for at least 15 years
and the government doesn't have the
resources to deal with an attack on this
scale so muna stepped in to coordinate
the volunteers cleaning up debris in
helping people locate their loved ones
the team has had to use their own money
for supplies
and the syllabus content you don't know
Kurama also do good grief has turned to
anger on Wednesday thousands marched in
an unprecedented show of defiance
against al-shabaab people have been too
afraid to protest in the past this
attack appears to be a turning point
vanitas really in another joke no of a
burning car now Somalia covered wagon
cover hanukkah's hopefully could be
August 8th and covered by the colonel
Danny Haren hi behind Isis again I hear
the color oh no shadow no Lana
nearly two weeks after wildfires started
turning Northern California
neighborhoods and landscapes to ash a
search for disaster aid is underway in
some residents are already facing an
uphill battle to get assistance wine
country's undocumented workers
so this was my barn and I don't know was
probably built in the 1880s you put so
much love into these plants and then it
is totally torched
ken will hurt Siebert is a Sonoma
winemaker the tubs fire first ignited on
the hills above Ken's vineyard before
flying down across the dried pasture
torching his vineyard and eventually
burning his house and tasting room to
the ground and I thought well I could
just fix e8 here or this barn is gonna
catch fire and I'm going to m/v immolate
it so I dropped the hose right there and
then I ran while thousands of people
have lost their homes countless others
are left without jobs and with 28,000
undocumented workers employed by local
businesses many feared the economy will
suffer a major hit how dependent is this
industry on undocumented workers well
it's dependent on Han labor no one in
this industry is very far from folks who
have come here to work hard and make a
better life for their family and and so
you know
current politics are an unfortunate to
say the least
we go through a checklist with yet and
then we're gonna have you register with
FEMA that's really important as the
immediate shock wears off the recovery
process is just starting
hundreds of people are lining up at a
FEMA center seeking assistance but while
all affected Americans and legal
immigrants qualify for FEMA support
undocumented workers without Social
Security numbers do not we know that in
disaster situations oftentimes
undocumented people are like the last
people to get served either because of
institutional barriers or just because
of the fear my big brother got in the
truck with my dad no primero que para
sacar am easy host no no las cosas para
la terraza folks are they they Sara
porque el paradis tourist means cosine
las cosas the musical no tienen a
mammoth
mana to fill the void the greatened day
labor center and other local groups
launched the undocumented a all proceeds
go to undocumented laborers this
delicioso latest photo status but a su
familia
so 28,000 people let's say that you
raised around a hundred thousand dollars
that comes out to about three dollars a
person what would be appropriate for how
much you would need for say this fun
knowing that FEMA has requested three
billion dollars for this I hope that we
can raise millions of dollars with this
fund we're doing the work that
personally I feel like our government
should be doing since the fund launched
on Sunday they've raised more than
$200,000 for families like the cruises
who after living in coffee park for the
last 15 years are now forced to live
with Rizal yes sister they're all Qantas
personal s nanaki and that's the say has
one else and then Thiessen is a lenient
or more according to FEMA's policy their
family should qualify for assistance
because the children for US citizens
have social security numbers Rozalia
says a recent visit to FEMA ended in
frustration
persona that they sing chorus and linear
en trauma serum cows totally sedentary
rappers Marion Marion day you don't
mother but Oscars honestly severe on
mask a to you Pentecostal analyst
applause yeah Casey okay never seen
myself on muchas cosas sitting in
sophistic so one of the criteria for our
program is the head of the social
security number anybody who's in the
household that has a social experiment
register for the household for FEMA
assistance we met a woman yesterday who
was waiting in line for about five hours
to receive FEMA assistance
she is undocumented she only speaks
Spanish and she said she walked away
learning that the only thing that FEMA
could help with was her electricity bill
not knowing everybody's case and what
the situation was we do have
spanish-speaking interpreters at the
local assistance center FEMA staff we
tried to help applicants receive as much
assistance as they need and are
qualified for
while immigrants struggle to navigate
the federal relief programs here local
officials like supervisor Linda Hopkins
are trying to fundamentally change the
system our undocumented residents are
the backbone of our workforce in Sonoma
County they are essential to our two
primary industries here which are
agriculture and hospitality so you'll be
reaching out to the federal government
directly asking that FEMA funds here be
used to support the undocumented
community solutely we expect to receive
a no answer from the federal government
but that doesn't stop us from asking
gathered the car audio championships and
every year the organizers for the event
have to get a sound permit basis compete
for two days to see who has a loudest
sound system
but for a lot of competitors it isn't
just about brain rattling bass it's
about putting on a live concert in an
everyday car we met with the organizer
of the event to hear both sides people
are putting a bunch of money into their
cars and coming here for a trophy no
cash prize just bragging right because a
lot of bragging rights and they love it
I mean this is they're like this is a
lifestyle and you know how it is
everybody loves driving down the road
with their Tunes jamming I mean that's
like as American as apple pie and we
just do it on steroids
so I want to take you out into the sound
quality Hall got 500 vehicles out here
specifically for the sound quality
league in contest we've got about 80 of
them in Mecca this weekend and these are
like the best sound in cars in the
country this is Tony Horton from
Pennsylvania just tell me about your
trunk of your system just if you can see
he's a state champion Pennsylvania okay
I strive for simplicity the three
amplifiers and a clean look okay for me
it's all about this the simple and the
stylish funds be welcome to listen to it
it's lights me sure yeah that's doing
before Tony would show off his system he
installed his custom sensory deprivation
blankets he doesn't want anything
distracting you from the sound
Tony competes for the highest quality
sound award but he can't play weekend
girl in the competition that's what
judges like Linda Kobayashi come in she
uses a high definition tuning seat to
grade each car sound stage how do you
judge sound quality we're trying to
measure it against live music and you
know this right here your dash here is
like you can imagine yourself as someone
in the audience and this is your stage
less than a thousand feet away the
competition had a slightly different
focus
sound pressure test the winners decided
by whoever hits the highest decibel
level and keeping that sound from
leaking out is a team effort
people were regularly hitting 150
decibels even in the kids power rules
competition that's like standing 75 feet
away from a jet when it takes off it's
also the level where your eardrums can
rupture
I'm ready Shannon yeah it's kind of oil
and water it's like the sound pressure
people generally don't get along with
the sound body people it's not like
they're not getting along but they you
know they don't mix I mean you're into
the music you're into the bass there's a
few people like Charles and Mike best
the bestest shows that do both but not
too many people compete in both because
it's hard
yeah congratulations
thought you wanted what is the award
that you two are going for it's called
best the bestest show you're competing
on how good your install is you're
competing on how well you know how to
tune your car which is what our ta is
you're competing on a DSP oh how loud it
is how loud it is outside the bill so if
we're talking Olympics this is instead
of just doing the 400 meter this is the
this is the Ironman this is the
decathlon exactly this is the best of
everything exactly this year Mike had
his highest score ever for sound
pressure and he also scored really high
in sound quality so we had him take us
for a ride cuz you got to hear both
sides alright you ready for some music I
had ready for some music let's do it
I think it is really clear though
absolutely that's one of the beauties of
these are you ready
yeah all right here comes pianos the
other day I had somebody at the
Tennessee state finals tell me the
coolest thing I've heard probably in 10
years and he said the reason I like
mecca is because I've made 50 new
friends 96 points
Charles Haley
Mike Hanigan at one point
thank you for being you thank you for
pushing me thank you for supporting me
and I'm very proud of you holy
you'll do it again next year no you
know I'm gonna oh yeah yeah you know I'm
gonna
that's vice news tonight for Friday
October 20th
you
