tonight Isis loses its capital Trump
flip-flops on healthcare again and
China's live stream girls rake in
billions
a federal judge in Hawaii is blocked the
Trump administration's third attempt at
a travel ban judge Derek K Watson whose
Honolulu Court also blocked Trump's
second ban wrote that the latest order
quote suffers from precisely the same
maladies as its predecessor the ban
which would have denied entry to
citizens of eight countries was supposed
to go into effect tomorrow the ruling
does not affect the restrictions on
North Korea and Venezuela the Justice
Department is expected to appeal
philippine president rodrigo duterte
says the city of meroe has been
liberated after a five month long battle
with Islamic militants that has killed
more than 900 people and displaced
thousands but fighting continued even as
duterte made the declaration and up to
30 militants were still holed up in the
city residents won't be able to return
home until the military clears the area
completely we have restored peace but
that would not be lost war in
celebration the class we have destroyed
in the process the city which I admit
because we had to do it the European
Court of Human Rights ruled that
Russia's fraud and money laundering
conviction against prominent Kremlin
critic Alexei Navalny
was quote arbitrary and unfair Navalny
was jailed after organizing
anti-corruption rallies and campaigning
as an anti-putin candidate and his
lawyers brought the case to the European
Court saying the charges against him are
politically motivated today Russia said
it would appeal the court's ruling in
the country's top election official
announced that navall d's convictions
bar him from running for office until
2028 medics and mogadishu said failures
of emergency services and the chaotic
response to Saturday's attack increased
the death toll at least 300 people were
killed and hundreds more were wounded
when a massive car bomb
detonate it on a crowded Street but old
ambulances checkpoints blocking rats to
hospitals and blood shortages made the
situation much worse according to the
director of a privately funded ambulance
service in multiple drivers a spokesman
for Mogadishu mayor disputed the claims
and said safety was the top priority in
the response the remains of one of the
Special Forces soldiers killed in
Nazaire returned to the US today
sergeant Lee David Johnson's Widow and
two children were waiting at Miami
International Airport Johnson was one of
four soldiers killed when they were
ambushed by Isis affiliated fighters the
Department of Defense announced that it
was conducting an initial review of the
mission
today the us-backed Syrian democratic
forces liberated Isis's symbolic
stronghold in Syria it took more than
four months of brutal door-to-door
fighting and coalition airstrikes to
take control of Raqqa with a terrorist
organization first declared an
administrative capital in 2014 the SDF
drove close to 300 militants out of the
31 hundred square miles of territory
this week when the offensive began only
4,000 civilians remained in the city of
200,000 at least 3,000 people were
killed in the fighting more than a third
of them non-combatants the campaign is
now over but Isis has left behind
sleeper cells as well as IEDs and mines
that could take months to clear they are
reducing the mines a lot here in
everywhere every house every room in
every street at its peak Isis controlled
a massive 3,500 square miles of land in
Iraq and Syria just six months after
declaring caliphate but it's lost nearly
two-thirds of that territory this is a
significant victory but it's not the end
of Isis although Raqqa City has fallen
Isis has been preparing for the fall of
Raqqa city and for some time and so I
think it is safe to say that Isis will
continue not only its ground campaign in
Iraq and Syria but they also are going
to continue their global attack campaign
last April Isis started shifting its
administrative functions to Dara's or a
city in the south east of the Euphrates
valley Isis dogs fall of Raqqa coming I
just saw the fall of Mosul coming and
prepared for it I just had prepared for
it and set up to make sure that Isis
will live to fight another day
at two o'clock this afternoon President
Trump said he was sure his plan to kill
Obamacare was working Obamacare is a
disaster it's virtually dead as far as
I'm concerned it really is dead and then
he said he had a great replacement lined
up and we really feel we have the votes
to get block grants into the states
where the states could much better
manage this money and then 11 minutes
later news broke that the Senate had
reached a deal to reinstate the
Obamacare subsidies that Trump pulled
last week Lamar Alexander has said he's
made a deal with Senator patty Murray to
stabilize Obamacare has the White House
been involved in those negotiations and
will you support that deal they're
coming up and they're fairly close to a
short-term solution the solution will be
for about a year or two years it was
totally confusing and totally normal in
a capital that's at war with itself over
what to do about health care and it
leaves the rest of the country with more
questions than ever the amount of stuff
that happened on health care on this
random Tuesday afternoon or seems like
it was happening anyway is more than
happens on health care in most entire
presidential terms and yet no one has
any idea what any of it meant here's
where we think we stand
last Thursday President Trump announced
that the government would stop paying
the cost-sharing subsidies that help
low-income people afford doctor visits
and deductibles this caused fears of
more insurance premium hikes it's a key
part of Trump's go it alone strategy for
strangling Obamacare even though
Congress doesn't have the votes to help
them out the problem is Trump is a
one-man wrecking ball is even more
disruptive to the health care
marketplace then Congress's failed
attempts to rewrite the law killing
these costs carrying subsidies would
boot a million people off their coverage
next year that's according to the CBO
even some in Congress think that's too
extreme
so today the Republican and the Democrat
who run the Senate Health Committee
announced a deal to end this lunacy for
now basically their agreement would
extend the subsidies for two years which
Democrats like Democrats and Republicans
agree it's unacceptable and that this
uncertainty and dysfunction cannot
continue in exchange for relaxing the
regulations on Obamacare plants which
Republicans like but for the deal to
mean anything the full Senate would
actually have to pass it and then it
would have to pass the house where
hardline Republicans are so opposed to
these payments that they actually sued
to stop them meanwhile insurance
companies filed their rage for the
coming year assuming they weren't gonna
get the subsidies so the premium hikes
are baked in already and there may not
be enough time to unmake them this is
health care and the fact that your
government can't figure out what it's
doing has real consequences I've been
talking to people today who actually
sell Americans health insurance they
follow it as closely as anyone and they
say people are confused right now and
they're scared open enrollment is just
around the corner the time when millions
of Americans left to interact with the
health care marketplace
after days like today one broker I'd
talked to said she does not expect
things to go well
California's declared a state of
emergency in response to a deadly
outbreak of hepatitis a clearing the way
for officials to buy more vaccines to
fight the disease in San Diego it's
already killed 19 people and sent more
than 350 to the hospital
now health and city officials are
scrambling to stop the spread of the
virus and it's forcing them to confront
a larger issue homelessness have you
been vaccinated before since the
outbreak started in March polina Bob
Murray has been traveling around San
Diego vaccinating the homeless against
Jefe I've been a nurse for 25 years this
is an unprecedented outbreak I mean what
makes it particularly unusual is that
the people who are getting sick are so
vulnerable and they are people that are
not necessarily going to seek out
services and so that means that our
approach has to be different all of the
nurses are out in the field right now
it's really all hands on deck until this
outbreak is behind us the virus is
transmitted by ingesting fecal matter
even in trace amounts so people who lack
access to proper sanitation are the most
at risk
near the homeless
it's race flush Jerry Lewis has been
homeless since May he's one of the more
than 75,000 people who has been
vaccinated since the outbreak started
history
how difficult is it for you to find a
place to use the restroom or to take a
shower plan before you go to bed I mean
that's how many hours I have to suffice
you can't make it this is two hours so I
think dignity is a nonprofit that
travels around San Diego offering the
homeless hot showers we have been
advocating for restrooms since think
dignity began which was 11 years ago
we've been telling people that there's a
problem with hygiene first the city to
act like they didn't know that this was
happening or this was coming that's
disingenuous as at best and it's
malicious at worst before the outbreak
the city operated just two 24-hour
bathroom facilities downtown think
dignity worked to install two more
portable ones but the city removed those
citing concerns over crime it's a city
we have to be not only attempted to the
needs of the homeless individuals but
also responsible to the impacts that and
often negative impacts that these
facilities have on the business
community and on the on the residents
and surrounding neighborhoods so it's a
tricky balance it's jonathan Herrera's
job to deal with the fourth largest
homeless population in the country part
of his response to the outbreak has been
expediting plans to set up three large
tents with restrooms and showers this
ice here is gonna be a 60 foot by 190
foot long tent the city put up similar
ones a few years ago as temporary
housing but the new ones won't be ready
until December a crisis isn't gonna go
away in just a day didn't happen in just
today so we're gonna stay working this
problem until we see some significant
improvements
the prime minister of Greece Alexis
tsipras met with President Trump in the
White House today in a bid to boost
relations tsipras a populist leader
who's become very unpopular back in
Athens could use some new friends his
former right-hand man a swaggering
socialist named Yanis varoufakis
has become his political nemesis and is
seizing momentum with a radical new
approach for Greece pragmatism Aditya
Chakraborty went to meet him
call it a comeback gig in his hometown
in Athens
Yanis varoufakis Greece's former Finance
Minister is trying to rescue a
reputation that destroyed even by former
friends he's also trying to rebuild the
idea of Europe in Greece where Europe is
a byword for political servitude
economic depression and social misery
his chosen vehicle is a particle diem25
my position and the position of the m25
is that the European Union sucks big
time allow me to use this acceleration
but it's this integration and the
narrative or returning to the bosom of
the nation-state is only going to breed
worst political monsters and the human
cost is going to accelerate
exponentially and this is something we
must prevent prevent with a mix of big
tax cuts and extra spending to boost the
economy prevent by taking wealth of
bankers and power off the contents
bureaucrats we're at a stage where
actually lots of people are asking
what's there worth saving from this
well how about hope game is how can you
sense when you got right up close you
went into the heart of the belly of the
beast this is a Europe that doesn't want
to survive it doesn't want the consent
of its people to say that we've reached
the bottom and things can't get worse in
Europe today is a major error Europe
made para Fox's name it also broke it as
the continents financial crisis began in
2009 he became a celebrated radical he
saw early on that the cuts and tax rises
imposed by the troika or the IMF the EU
and the European Central Bank were
plunging Greece into an economic
depression
it's a pursuit of political agendas by
means of inspiring fear in debate
the same organ was being made out on the
streets and squares standing for
election in January 2015 The Economist
won the most votes of any candidate
across the country he became Minister of
Finance for the far-left syriza
government European counterparts were
bemused by a finance minister claiming
to be a Marxist a middle-aged politician
dressing like an extra from shaft
third day I was in the ministry I
received the president of the eurogroup
he came to my office I was expecting
that we would have a genuine
conversation about how to recover Greece
so that our creditors could get their
money back because you know if the cow
dies you won't get any milk however much
you you strike it but there was no
interest in having this conversation
fair is quit after just six months
everyone I've said in Athens I'm going
to talk to you they're all very excited
the weight is in my hotel they've all
come up to me to volunteer there are
questions I should ask you one of them
said I'm voted for him I voted for him I
really really liked him I had high hopes
but he was too arrogant what'd you say
to him I wasn't this is the toxic
publicity they presented me as eccentric
as arrogant as a fool as a national
traitor and this wall-to-wall propaganda
has infected the mind of many people do
you feel marched for Greece's stand up
to the troika are now demoralized and
disenfranchised their representatives
ignored them their economies smaller
than it was in 2003 and over 40% are out
of work in that summer of 2015 when the
Greeks voted against more austerity that
was a big moment of optimism notice in
Greece but across Europe has that all
been betrayed of course it was betrayed
it was betrayed in the most
unconstitutional way so people got upset
and they now feel hopeless because
they've tried every political party and
still nothing
Farra focus now calls himself as a
thinking man's Trump but a populist
politician must be popular and to put it
bluntly he's not the newspaper
if history of history an editor in
another city nearly Yankees put the
games I don't send what kind of impact
that must have on you you've done all
the hard work you've come up with these
ideas you've got all these experts
around you people at Jeff Sachs Barack
Obama are telling you you're correct and
yet still they keep coming at you from
all sides but that's only because the
deep establishment why do well is the
established it does do don't give me the
power failure was that we were disunited
don't give me the cliff Lance their
personal so what impact does that have
on you personally actually a pretty good
one learning how to take this stress and
all these all these assaults
simultaneous assaults and it's actually
it was actually quite good for me and
having people walk up to me and saying
you know what I'm conservative liberal
I'm not a Marxist I don't like you
Marxist but you know you did well and
thank you for doing what you did
no idiots then I say I'm gonna trip one
on me tengo el borde not me then portion
will not yeah maybe lurch itself make up
freshly applied and boobs padded
twenty-three-year-old livestreamer Juan
Juan is getting ready to perform for her
viewers oh is it
that's about as sexual as it gets
there's no nudity or even dirty talk
for the most part her broadcasts are
brutally boring but in China where porn
is illegal live streamers like Quan
Vaughn or a four billion dollar a year
business with close to 350 million
customers you can see God's anything
else is the wired that cat was old
Millicent was still on viewers mostly
men give want one virtual gifts she
converts to cash just by chatting eating
and pouting a couple hours a day she
rakes in up to $20,000 a month that's
thirty times what a typical college grad
in China earns at their first job Ohia
doesn't what is out here okay so the
offensive it yiwen que a livestreamer
himself is one of the pioneers of this
booming industry
besides life ways about this is his
factory a converted karaoke club with
more than 50 rooms
he's the friendly manager of this
pg-rated content farm megaphone and she
said oh ho yo you got suit he had a
candida wait okay yeah I'll say see you
got too much wood here you got you got
you you go funky Austin toyoshiko know
your function but ye takes a cut from
the 200 live streamers as company
manages ninety percent of them are young
women in Hollywood casting rules apply
or some warden D versus adjacent own
why is he saw the de Ojo de Ojo just had
the ziggurats hi e there's no shortage
of young women willing to play the part
Oh Tito me oh she'd a Jo soo ah
okay that's I tell you by any chance
beat up you doesn't own it okay
I also got here it does he meanoh sit
you mean no sauce neither why were you
tendencies couldn't you just say yeah to
question she got porn has been banned in
China since the establishment of the
People's Republic in 1949 in 2000 the
government outlawed online porn in 2006
the creator of China's largest porn site
was sentenced to life in prison
in 2008 live streaming emerged in
China's censors scrambled to keep up
since last year the government has
punished more than 30 thousand live
streamers for spreading quote obscene
videos sentence a 21 year old woman to
four years in prison for streaming a
foursome and even banned eating a banana
seductively on camera because it's
impossible to censor a live stream the
industry does that in-house second Isis
for IT support al antigua it's da da da
city in certain 800 feet on that
gentleman go George Bush errotica good
job I'm hard to get suppose you can say
Allah he's shocked we find that the
hedonistic hates money used to hate the
ball you know chickity-check omen sure
I taught Sweden Junko so yeah that's on
your question I'd hear that song upon
merciful to Sally a nation of what now
she saw that announcer pay down just for
gradual maternal uncle Kansa
for now the main revenue stream is still
gifts from fans like Lucien Jehovah it's
on the Tokyo millions EAC girls me
for your mojo Joshua you're gonna meet
you Lucas mucho medium for sure what
kind of good support kinda wanna go to
public address to me you're gonna need
to pay that yep
he's a receptionist at a dance studio
makes about six hundred dollars a month
and spends a third of it on gifts for
his favorite livestreamer Amanda Midori
me the busoni also and don't you get out
of all this to top we're getting
close we were three that called chatter
wishing
as for kwan/wong she plans to keep
streaming as long as the money keeps
flowing that was fun not forgot where I
was
whoa that sounded cool is that how are
you picking these songs I like the part
where they go woof or something like
that I own I just thought like the
person has separation anxiety I've never
heard that particular chord progression
in a song before which is rare because I
mean there's only so many course right
but it was four to three yeah that was a
weird one
that's awesome they knew the chord
progression did you know who it was no
no thanks Oh God
sounds like a band that is open for us
but uh I have no idea who it is the
guitars would come in there they rest on
one and they come in after well I heard
that too I fit I almost felt like that
it was an unnatural though felt like it
was a theater bass little edit to make
that sound like perhaps I put it that
way
it's a blink-182 offshoot knuckle puck
Nickelback is it Nickelback yeah she
said knuckle but I'm not like it's
nothing upon knuckle puck got cool pot
knuckle puck okay well I wonder about
with these rapping Trax's are the
offsetting the vocal like I know in
Ableton you can offset the timing it
sounds like the vocals consistently 20
milliseconds behind the beat and I know
nobody can sing didn't you play around
with that once like you wanted to like
push your vocal back yeah sound kind of
like that I know they're doing that
we know these tricks very old-school
seshu pink it's pink oh wow cool got
like a country thing that she has but as
rad thought it's rad you thought it was
right yeah I'm cool and she goes she
sings that minor third in the major key
me who wrote without her she did with
Jack Antonoff Jack Antonoff son of a gun
this is actually really helpful for us
to tap beep beep to do this every
force-fed songs like this
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
October 17th
you
you
