the battle to drive the Islamic state
out of Iraq is nearly over on Tuesday
night the Iraqi army announced it had
fully recaptured how aegis idiot in the
neighboring towns and villages from Isis
the american-backed Iraqi army the
Federal Police and the Shia a
paramilitary group known as the PMU
all took part in the operation to
liberate the city of 78,000 people one
of the last Isis strongholds in Iraq and
Hassan was with the Federal Police as
they moved in these locals were freed
from Isis control just moments before
they arrived many still had beards which
they were forced to grow and a strict
Islamic law it took Iraqi forces a
matter of days to reach this village
just outside the centre of huido city
unlike the battle to retake Mosul in
which tens of thousands of civilians and
soldiers were killed the operation in
hurry Joe was faster and far less bloody
since 2014
locals include him or felt lived in fear
he said that Isis forced him to watch
killings
Jumana hannah0 home so badly need any
other be shy okay we didn't agree with
all of us here yes Father I saw myself
in any bonus war an American I'm gonna
add Domo whom I saw up just in my little
little buddy hello Anna hello Lois for
Gilbert eonni okay jung-min
hello na have you hidden a lead mechanic
Iraqi forces blocked off all roads in
and out of the region over the past year
meaning the only way Isis could get
supplies in and out was through the
mountains the strategy helps weaken the
group before the offensive this boss
police of Iraq victory we kill all dies
in Iraq nice finished nice finish and
dead how long will it take to completely
rid Iraq of Islamic state gist of our
article dimensionally maharathas created
an ass or anomaly after me - in modu da
darada inshallah famine or whatnot I'm
near to them
naturally I'm a team avatar anything are
they no monopoly Tommy shot more than
500 Isis fighters gave themselves up to
the Kurdish pesh MERGA that's because
the sunny Isis fighters believes that
they're less likely to be executed in
the predominantly sunny Kurdish region
then insha'Allah dirac the Peshmerga
provided security and artillery support
to the Iraqi forces on the eastern side
of huido districts and also coordinated
safe passage for villagers trying to get
out but the spirits of cooperation seems
to be wearing thin because of the
Kurdish independence Kurdish and
government forces have also been arguing
over who should keep the Isis prisoners
but there's a larger concern for both
sides and that's the possibility that
Isis left fighters behind to blend in
with the civilian population
get Valhalla but here if you learn
nothing about the Indians
estimates conformed by ad no but as
Quebec which way who knows her cuff that
about anybody's valium or halfback and
had to mad money Mike I didn't one
article no no I reach out to knit
you
you
