now this is an ache a type firearm and
this is one of the things that the media
and the Talking Heads always get wrong
an ak-47 as an automatic Kalashnikov
model of 1947
it is a real machine gun made in Russia
these are a kei types semi-automatic
sporting variants until he retired a few
years ago Rick Vasquez was a senior
analyst with the Bureau of Alcohol
Tobacco and Firearms he reviewed gun
accessories to determine if they
violated a ban on machine guns in 2010
his office reviewed a bump stock device
sent in by a company called slide fire
do you ever what you thought when you
saw this device started just like that
it doesn't fit the definition it doesn't
fit the rulings but we better run this
up the chain a bump stop creates a
cradle for a semi-automatic rifle to
rest in so that the gun naturally slides
back and forth from recoil while being
fired if the shooter pulls forward at
the same time the trigger will hit his
finger quickly and repeatedly greeting
the effect of machine gun fire as I
think a lot of people who aren't
familiar with guns would just think well
that looks like a machine gun and sounds
like a machine gun they must be a
machine gun you're exactly right and of
course we've got a lot of criticism over
this so why is it not a machine gun if
Congress wants to change the law and
come up with a new interpretation then
ATF will follow that new interpretation
but until they do that they have to go
by the guidelines they have today those
guidelines are based on a 1934 law that
defines what a machine gun is according
to the law a machine gun must fire
multiple bullets with a single function
of the trigger
but when technicians tested the slide
fire bumps docker they found that
although the bullets came out rapidly
and in a continuous flow each time you
fired a shot you technically pulled the
trigger that might sound like a trivial
difference but drawing the line between
trivial differences is precisely what
regulators are expected to do well stick
with the AR before we shoot tak all
right Vasquez took us to his local gun
range to show us how bump fire works and
to show us something else that you don't
even need a bump stock to create the
same effect when somebody bump fires
think of this as a bump fire stock and
able to move okay so what happens is I
pull the gun into my trigger finger and
then because I'm holding it a certain
way it'll continue to bump back and
forth against my trigger finger with the
recoil but your pulling is that correct
it's like a reverse energy I'm pulling
forward the recalls going rearward have
people discovered a way to bump fire
without a device without a bump stock
guys figured out that if you held a gun
loosely and practice with it you could
get the gun to recall against your
finger I've never done it I couldn't
attempt to do it now and then see what
happens I mean we should try right would
you try there he goes would you like to
try it
sure I'll shoot yeah
like for now your burst yeah I mean it
feels like a machine gun it but it's not
yeah I mean this is clearly a
semi-automatic firearm yeah
all right go shoot at us empty if
Congress banned the bunk stock would
people just find another way what are
they going to ban if they come out today
and say the slight fire stock or the
binary trigger
my name is made illegal they're going to
have to make illegal the operating
principle now to answer your question
yes immediately people will wake up in
the morning and start thinking how can I
make something that doesn't fit into
these 10-point criteria that Congress
just put out that's exactly how we ended
up with the bumps exactly - for you when
you look back on that you feel like this
was a decision that was made the right
way we made a technical and statutory
decision that was correct
you
