I'm Illinois for the furtherance of
microbiome science the microbiome is the
scientific name for all the tiny
organisms that live in and on us every
human being hosts millions of bacteria
viruses and microscopic fungi in our
guts and on our skin there are actually
more microorganisms in the average body
than there are human cells each person's
microbiome is completely unique and we
leave traces of it behind anytime we
touch something even through clothes
which is why my brazen daytime burglary
is of interest of scientist whose house
in Berlin oh there goes the reveal
anyway is the whole reason I'm robbing
this guy's house is so he can try to use
the microbiotic traces from my hands and
but to prove that I'm the one who took
the family jewels which I will now give
back that's good I really appreciate you
bringing it back you all take that that
will have some signals on it
we're shedding microbes 38 million
microbes every hour
these are sterile cotton swabs with the
ability to collect bacteria the DNA and
all of the metabolites and either
distinctive from person to person every
single person has a unique microbial
Finkbeiner dr. Gilbert and his
assistants have been staging break-ins
around the neighborhood to determine the
effectiveness of microbiotic testing for
crime scene forensics it he struggled
home his team has to find trace samples
at the burglars microbiome screen it at
the lab and then match it to the team
member who done it while being careful
to eliminate the microbiotic traces of
the houses usual occupants
it's like dusting for fingerprints but
if your whole body was a fingertip
especially your ass weak
detects who's using the kitchen more or
who's using the bathroom downstairs more
often because they leave more micros
behind in that space right now we're
still in the trial phase you know
departments of justice are funding this
research to see if it's possible the
reason for that is that we maybe have
ten twenty thousand people in our
database yeah and that's this very small
number right when when the the FBI
started to bring fingerprinting into
effect they already had millions of
people in their database they could
actually have statistical confidence
that that signature that fingerprint
would be incredibly unlikely to have
come from anybody else but that
individual we're just starting this
journey so we think that there's a lot
of power in this but we don't want to
push it too fast too soon a wrong
conviction would be devastating right
dr. Gilbert's pace of operations is
Argonne National Labs birthplace of the
nuclear reactor while the short term
goal of his research is proving the
usefulness of the microbiome to police
work the wider significance of his and
other scientists work with the
microbiome has applications far beyond
forensics and stands to revolutionize
the whole of human biology in our
previous experiment right we're
determining whether we can identify an
individual based on their microbiome and
it seems that we can and that unique
microbiome also affects how they
metabolize drugs how they process their
food even whether they are susceptible
to things like depression and anxiety or
metabolic sores like Toby CT and
diabetes everything is connected it is
an interconnected system that is stable
only because of the connections are all
working together and that's been really
exciting the discovery the microbiome is
importance to the body has led to
medical breakthroughs like fecal
transplants which if you missed or were
too squeamish to sit through a report on
it last year is where you take a healthy
person's stool and put it inside an
unhealthy person's but fecal microbiota
transplantation or fmt - the really
polite has a shocking 95 percent success
rate in treating the previously
incurable gut infection Clostridium
difficile and is being tested against a
wide range of other maladies
it's the ultimate probiotic that's not
me using slang it mean human like
from
of our ass is the ultimate probiotic
concurrent with his work on microbiotic
fingerprinting dr. Gilbert is helping to
develop the next stage of fecal
probiotic medicine this time thank God
without the feces
we know that probiotics can be useful
there are certain organisms you can buy
in the stores today that could stop you
from having diarrhea that's really good
a probiotic can be useful but there's
lots of probiotics out there and they're
unregulated as an industry what we are
very interested in doing is developing
the next generation of probiotics where
we construct the organisms and the
functions that are required to maintain
health in your body this one has about
20 different species in it and it's
applied to treat a very specific subset
of diseases right we're creating ones
for IBD suratul bowel disorder we're
creating ones to treat Clostridium
difficile infection we're even creating
ones that can help to treat depression
and anxiety by having bacteria that
produce these neurotransmitters which
signal our gut to make our brain produce
the chemicals which make us happier
right it's a biologically alive drug
which is essentially natural organisms
we're just infusing into your body
but you've curated it versus just like
taking a big patch of forest floor and
then like hopefully there's what's in
here is good for you right these are
we've designed them from the ground up
so we know how what each of the
organisms in here does we use our gust
plus platform to basically identify
their functions why they're impactful
what their role actually is so I can
tell you explicitly what every single
organism in this pill does and why it's
effective for treating the disease which
you are suffering from and that's that's
truly game-changing
you
