Saba is one of turkey's most widely read
daily newspapers tell us what you guys
have have been facing every day it's
such a huge story
this is the story of intelligence this
is the story of diplomacy as well and
this is a crime story the office may not
look like much but it's been the source
of some of the biggest scoops about the
case they were the first to report that
private jets linked to Saudi Arabia
landed in Istanbul shortly before Jamal
khashoggi disappearance and left soon
after and the first to label the 15 men
that have been accused of involvement as
an assassination squad who checked into
two hotels just a mile from the
consulate entering the building prior to
Khashoggi before two black vehicles with
diplomatic plates left an hour and 54
minutes later today
Abdul Rahman Jim Shack and his team
published an exclusive that they believe
sheds light on who was in charge of the
team for Shem Shack and his colleagues
the new images showing this man Maha
Abdul Aziz mu tribe leading the team
into the consulate tie back to Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Hugh
yes you guys broke the story yes yes his
name is maja clueless is mattress disco
that's the guy who who brought with King
Salman the Prince MBA not the King yes
you think the overwhelming likelihood is
yes he was killed he was killed yes and
then his body taken outside me that's
right but The Smoking Gun
maybe an audio tape that Sabhas
reporters might or might not have
listened to he has spoken to somebody
who has
he's getting some secondhand knowledge
of it I'm adding now I'm gonna see the
constants you can tell in the camera
various sources say sky did endure MJ
bashment solution others in the NJ bitch
I carve a doll Sora Italy give us a sky
Vaska bureau de aluminio hora de sister
you've said neighbor you so glum a
westerner which enjoy although they said
do you may wash change agree with sister
Donna finish how sure are you that this
recording exists and in the far below
vision grande misconduct lodge
Terrafugia tested in Eden and any videos
on abyss oh my another conch my
demeaning some lard and indisputably
under the Turkish government has a
record of imprisoning journalists but in
this case it is actively investigated
the disappearance of one inside the
consulate of a country it's at odds with
a lot of the information Sabha has
uncovered is from government sources the
paper is owned by omar farooq Kalyan Jew
a businessman close to turkish President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan do you ever feel
like you're being used
yo rock us on the basilica's regime
anonymous yeah nabila's Baikonur
cosmodrome aghast internet videos
especially reveal our extraction
Parrinello 15 in diplomatic context
today siren is the balusters desire at
the criminal boy therapies mr. BALCO a
chili relish Mariano's
Saba has gotten its information piece by
piece until this week Saudi Arabia
didn't agree to let Turkish
investigators inside the consulate we
spoke to a forensics expert about what
they might have found two weeks later
it's a foreign object
I think you get equivalent when Amber
Adams Yankovic an object my journey from
me then I get receptacles how long does
it take to dismember a body the key
color Richardson de kebab kebab chicken
who a lamb gotcha crystal in a key he
challenged a to be jihad sashka Nevada
slam-dunk Balaam also getting do you
think they could get through airport
security with body parts
yeah boogie a coconut milk indeed result
do a London kitchen Mideast region all
on a given day physics and directing the
bureau didn't order the lander level you
to do Lou in fact if farty reason death
Turkish police are trying to get an idea
of how long the Saudis had to plan they
spoke to one of Khashoggi friends Turin
cash lecture Friday he went to console
eight they accept him very well and
giving him tea okay they said no today
we do any bean to the car yeah before
Friday was that and they treated him
well yes very well and they said you
have to come back after four days we
have to come again so you it was a trap
I mean they need a transfer le to us for
how we can understand this there is at
work cursor on that day they give they
allowed all the Turkish who are working
in the consulate today's holiday
the second one is those people who want
to go to Umbra in Saudi Arabia for Umrah
you know pilgrim they talked them today
we can give any visa please come after
tomorrow
through Sabhas reporting we're getting a
picture of what Turkey believes happened
on October 2nd but Saudi Arabia still
hasn't presented their side to
journalists at Sabha it's pretty clear
what happened and use a public service
Kaiser
ouma kurosu each Tana jet stumbling your
own Bishop will step out of here to give
you a Bundoran suitability leg cross
Edmund I listen a bit on modern yungang
misses off his early their lenders AMA
Westenra c'mon ahhh c'mon ahhh Tabuchi
de Havana
yeah Charlie's in Korea
you
