there is an inferno raging in Washington
swamp captain Mitch McConnell has
created millions of jobs for China
people then mr. Trump said you're fired
I love that
I'm Levite silliman Washington needs
more doers and innovators never whole
town halls anymore with constituents and
now I just can't see anything agenda a
vagenda I absolutely refuse to bow down
to Sharia law this is Jake young man
interested in one of my daughters sir
that's me
shooting the cap-and-trade bill now the
threat is Patrick morsi's lawsuit he is
just dead wrong and that ain't gonna
happen
I support the Second Amendment bill ray
ready for Congress Ron loves playing
with the kids build the wall is China
family has given him tens of millions of
dollars we've got the deportation bus
that's right you heard me the Michael
Williams deportation bus it's just
unbearable it's like Slava your ice it's
gonna fill this bus with illegals to
send them back to where they came from
some people see a dumpster fire and do
nothing but watch the spectacle I will
beat Joe Manchin and ditch cocaine Mitch
for the sake of the kids
oh my god
you
