popular resistance to president rodrigo
duterte brutal anti-drug campaign has
flared up in the past week including the
largest protest so far against doterra
ties unflinching methods and an offer by
the powerful Catholic Church to
safeguard police officers who testify
about extrajudicial killings as the body
count Rises the government has been
collecting data on people's habits down
to the neighborhood level even going
door-to-door to conduct drug tests and
poor communities local officials are
under orders to turn over the names of
any suspected drug offenders to the
National Police but human rights groups
say these records amount to kill lists
in doTERRA tase bloody war on drugs
it's Sunday morning and Piatt us on the
outskirts of Metro Manila
at the local district office it's the
start of a busy day community centers
like this are the new frontline in the
president's drug war Juliet Vania
barangay captain barangay pinatas Pena
became captain of the pyatt aspirin guy
or administrative district in June after
President to tear taste suspended
district elections supposedly to prevent
drug money from influencing politics now
district captains are appointed by
duterte as opposed to elected by the
people and put in charge of intelligence
gathering operations known as drug
clearing simon anthem Amasa it's a
massive task of logistics and
record-keeping the survey forms ask
about drug use among family members and
neighbors teams carry on the spot urine
tests and red markers to draw an X on
homes of suspects
their names are added to watch lists
shared with the National Police are no
comparison pay us two hundred thousand
tomans Apapa minutes or be Doceri paisa
laga para la Poma Makita an acting
president on amazon Capitan yamakawa
when a companion to : Varma was an
armored reducers
I add this as one of the poorest of the
country's 42,000 barangay districts it's
best known for being home to an enormous
garbage dump that's the core of the
local economy the use of shovel or
crystal meth is pervasive cell phones
here surrounded neighbors on the
barangay watch list for questioning by
police but the slaughter of addicts by
death squads is well-known here coming
forward daniel-san never was the wasn't
poem bylaw mean my line Costello and her
husband moved into this former drug
house this past spring soon after police
conducted a door-to-door sweep and found
methamphetamine wrappers jer admits he
has used shabu to help deal with long
shifts on the garbage truck but he's
adamant the wrappers weren't his but
baloney important in their new dama by
young and alone as Sissoko to make a
salmon taco tea
Indian article number paisa married
Martin behind
Balam I say Mariah I know
yeah I'm budding coming
my Lennon jr. are relieved for now but
still uncertain if coming forward may
mean the next knock on the door is a
fatal one
you
you
