three years ago tonight 43 students from
a rural Teachers College in southern
Mexico disappeared after a confrontation
with security forces the case is still
unsolved their disappearance is only the
most high-profile instance of a deeper
problem according to government figures
more than 32 thousand Mexicans are
currently missing and it's the search
for the 43 that's compelled the
relatives of these other missing people
to take up their own searches scouring
the countryside for any remains they can
find Mario Bogata brings his dog with
him whenever he ventures into the hills
to find buried bodies she's there to
alert him to the presence of people in
wild animals but finding the graves is
up to a tagada himself with help from
hunters and others who stumble on traces
of the disappeared in the forest was
come here man mi hermano Tomas hallo
sequester on it cinco de Julio that
doesn't mean those in the last three
years he's found dozens of bodies and
although none of them were his brothers
the search has become an end in itself a
Caminada desierto say camino dobos
kasich a monado canal is agua negra si
te puedo salir de aquí en cualquier
parte del país puede ver una persona des
Aparecida in Terada
like the vast majority in his position
but Ghana doesn't know who took his
brother only the kidnappings of everyday
people are frequent and nobody ever gets
caught
we followed badda Gadda to an abandoned
campsite where he believes kidnappers
had held a group of hostages esta la fin
de una pistola hemos encontrado Messi
siento setenta cuerpo sent arrows enter
ADO's en los arrows become frequency
losing control circle complement those
communists see very odd is one in a
loose movement of goose colores
researcher which originated here in the
southern state of Guerrero in 2014 after
43 students disappeared in the small
city of Iguala the search for the
students remains though fruitless turned
up hundreds of other bodies in the hills
inspiring people like bid Gaara
to search for their own loved ones Yo no
lo Bousquet por miedo nunca lobos que
hace que paso la desaparición de NOS
current addresses to the antis in Iguala
the case of the 43 missing students blew
the cover off of the epidemic of forced
disappearances in Mexico now three years
later the NGO that represents their
families in court has commissioned a
full reconstruction of events from an
agency called forensic architecture
which pulls together for the first time
every known fact about the case the
students came from a school with a
tradition of radical left-wing activism
and on the night they disappear they
were in buses they had commandeered to
drive to a protest in the capital as
they tried to leave Iguala
they were ambushed simultaneously in two
different locations by security forces
all the way from the local to the
federal acting in concert with organized
crime the exact motive for the attacks
remains unclear though the reigning
theory is that one of the buses
unbeknownst to the students was loaded
with drugs or cash and the corrupt
officials brought the full force of the
state down to stop them from taking it
but that's not what the government says
according to the Mexican attorney
general which is prosecuting the case
the attacks were an act of petty
retaliation for the students political
activities and only a small number of
local officials were involved
investigative journalists an hour later
none discovered the case from the
beginning for the magazine process and
also published a book about the 43
acicular que puede si es que la Virgen
oficial del gobierno de mexico soberly
caso de las carreteras normalistas de
principio Athene is absolutamente falls
esta negligence iya del gobierno este no
resolve el caso es porque el gobierno
prefere oh no hacer justicia este caso
Peron cubrir a loss ver today
responsibility' Mo's hablando de un
crimen desta
it nun days views the disappearance of
the 43 as just one symptom of a much
larger problem untold numbers of
government officials participate
actively in organized crime and in a
country where the military and police
have been deployed on a massive scale
responsibly to fight the cartels this
means thousands of heavily armed men who
can kill with impunity l noventa y ocho
por ciento de los creaminess in Mexico's
no ser su Alvin
algo veer no no lay important OHS
desaparecidos porque como puede ser
possibly Cal gobierno no important los
desaparecidos de su propio de su propia
población yo tengo la potus's de que por
que en la gran mayoria de las
operaciones a al menos una gente del
cobre nimbo lucre the Mexican attorney
general's office did not respond to any
of our questions we did however speak
with a spokesman from the Guerrero state
government who agreed to discuss the
larger question of forced disappearances
and who acknowledged that government
corruption is partly to blame desde la
desaparición de los current interests
CNN contraltos de carreras infosys
clandestinos in los cerros de Grave so
como SEC speaker el principe Polhemus in
llaman in Puglia case a vaca ba si Jakob
ahmo's con la cour co y lo Gras Mo's
consul Adar un sistema de justicia panel
caseous oligo suerte
yeah corporaciones policia cos suertes a
violist internship or this operation for
Sanyal estaba guerrero knows he exists
didn't isn't that okay utility boy
the answer is no according to a report
by the Mexican Commission on Human
Rights there were no such sentences in
Guerrero before 2015 in the governor's
office was unable to provide examples of
a me since then that leaves Mattioli de
gata in searchers like him alone to
recover the missing
it's a risky endeavor vide gada and his
family received threats on a regular
basis he missed it by ease
mas facil encontrar la muerte kin contra
justicia Vergara took us to a place in
the hills where a worker mending a
barbed wire fence found a human foot so
dro otro es o más grande y si to romp a
circus 18 vez en contra la versus not
Chico's Easter Sunday person as better
God are prepared to dig to make sure the
rest of the body was there he heard a
car pulling up the hill from the highway
but it was a false alarm
si este carro que vino vino sido gente
Maliki knows Matt akeno's a separation V
Ramos terminado tal vez en tirado's pour
ie after a few minutes of careful
digging he found a shin bone sticking
out of the second shoe and the rest
followed mr. Leclaire eagle yo he says
the sister and even interval hace la
cabeza vatican Baraka como que lo de
hablar Oh esta su no phalange su
metacarpal posickey que una persona
hey mementos avaiana no sabemos qantas
ahí los muertos demolition no me de hond
or me
you
