well this is a very dynamic office you
have here well this is the predator did
that fought see the video real stud like
me then you fight the predator with your
bare hands
and wipe them out then here the
Terminator and traveling through time
cause if I could do this in real life I
will travel back to 1812 and wipe out
that gerrymandering arnold
schwarzenegger
is now taking on partisan gerrymandering
or the drawing of voting district lines
in favor of one party which he sees as a
huge source of political gridlock you
have president nixon nixon encouraged
with around for governor and ended his
obama do you remember what you were
joking about here it could easily be
about Democrat versus Republican Kemper
there was some joke about that here's a
picture of President Bush a few seconds
after this picture was taken we ran into
Barbara Bush when she broke her leg oh
my god it's Wyatt any sent me this
photograph as his turn darlin
turn in his President Reagan of course
the interesting thing about him is he
talked about gerrymandering way back in
lady's already I think that this is a
great conflict of interest to ask men
holding office elected from districts to
change the lines of that district to fit
the new population gerrymandering sucks
because it's all designed for helping
the politicians but not the ordinary
citizen is unfair to the voters and
unfair to the people and it's why you
have a situation where Congress is very
unpopular they're less popular than her
peers of colonoscopy that the medes all
about how do we communicate because it's
a very complicated issues it's very hard
to kind of it's not the sexy she did
that people can jump on and get involved
with you have here
you know the precincts each one of those
squares represents a precinct each one
of this represents a district and you
can see clearly the glue here in each
one of those districts
is in the majority when you start
drawing it and you say you know I don't
like the blue is in the majority
let's make red in the maturity so then
you go and you say if this is a good
straight line here you go and draw like
this you can maybe up here they come
over here go one come down further like
this you see so now if we drawn the
district you have more red precincts and
this is how you can fix the system is
happening across the country it wipes
out competition because the district
lines are drawn in such a way that the
incumbent stays in if he performs and
that we have states where there is a 50%
of people vote Republican and only 35%
get Republican seats it doesn't make any
sense and same with Democrats the
Supreme Court will hear arguments on
October 3rd about Wisconsin State
Assembly districts that could end
partisan gerrymandering in Wisconsin the
state assembly districts have been so
skewed that Republicans 163 of the 99
state assembly seats in 2014 despite
only taking 52% of the statewide vote
going against the Republican National
Committee Schwarzenegger is supporting
the plaintiffs and even helping with
their legal bills with the Supreme Court
the case is going to be about is what's
the percentage of spread that you can
have because in this particular system
there's a huge loss of votes people have
no are not incentivized to go voting if
their votes don't mean anything but in
order to really fix the issue at the
Congressional level state legislators
have to be addressed because that's who
typically Charles the lines in 2008
California voted on a proposition that
changed how they read istrict before we
did the redistricting reform in
California we had situations where we
had to
and sixty five congressional elections
and only one in ten years changed party
hands only one think about that as soon
as we reformed the system there was a
change but 26 or so percent we in
California luckily have been the way we
did so now you have Republicans you know
voting for environmental progress and at
the same time you have Democrats voting
in favor of the Chamber of Commerce
what is the California Citizens
Redistricting Commission normally it's
the politicians that or the district
lines it's the way it's set up we said
that we should take that power away from
the politicians and make war Denari
citizens draw the district lines and to
draw it in such a way where one doesn't
even look at the party situation at all
and just brings sanity into the way the
district lines are drawn so that they're
competitive so that someone that is an
incumbent should never feel at ease do
you think this model or similar models
could be used across the country you
know we always say what happens in
California happens in the nation and so
I'm always interested in how do we
communicate with the people so that they
get involved in the old days in
bodybuilding everyone says you know
you're gonna get a heart attack we need
training to become a narcissist all this
kind of crazy stuff now everyone is
working out we all know that the markers
is not a spectator sport it means that
you have to participate if the always
look at it
you
