tonight the Kremlin's war games a new
eye on hurricanes and the UN's biggest
fan is the president how are you sir can
you please sign this for me
President Trump today signed an
executive order aimed ratcheting up
economic pressure on North Korea the
order makes it possible for the u.s. to
sanction individuals companies and
institutions that trade with the
dictatorship China is one of the few
countries that does do business with
North Korea but today Trump claimed that
banks there will now cut off Pyongyang
foreign banks will face a clear choice
to business with the United States or
facilitate trade with the lawless regime
in North Korea they won't have so much
trade this evening Kim jong-un responded
to the announcement calling Trump
deranged thousands of people held
rallies across the Philippines today to
warn against the growing power of
president Rodrigo Duterte today is the
45th anniversary of the Declaration of
martial law
by the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos
we've got rid of democratic institutions
and was accused of killing and torturing
opponents Duterte too is declared
martial law and his violent war on drugs
has claimed thousands of lives Nicaragua
is going to join the Paris climate
agreement according to an interview that
President Daniel Ortega gave to one of
the country's newspapers Nicaragua
originally refused to join on the
grounds that the deal wasn't strong
enough it's change of course leaves only
two countries on earth opposing the
landmark deal the United States and
Syria within the past month the army has
quietly started deploying troops to
Afghanistan as part of the previously
announced build-up that could involve
more than 3,000 servicemembers the
Fayetteville Observer says that more
than 2,000 soldiers have been deployed
from Fort Bragg before the increase
there were about 11,000 American troops
serving in Afghanistan
the Securities and Exchange Commission
revealed that last year hackers broke
into networks containing non-public
documents filed by thousands of
companies the SEC is the main regulator
of American financial markets and the
Commission's chairman said the hackers
may have used the information for profit
but no personally identifiable
information was released in a reversal
Facebook now says it will provide
congressional investigators with more
than 3000 ads purchased by Russian
linked accounts during the 2016 election
CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced a nine
step plan to prevent election
interference in the future including
showing users the purchasers behind
political advertisements and if you
break our community standards or you
break the law then you're gonna face
consequences afterwards we won't catch
everyone immediately but we can make it
harder to try to interfere
Russia has just concluded its biggest
military exercise in years and it's
clear who the intended audience was the
name of the wargames was a pod the
Russian word for West after Putin's
annexation of Crimea three years ago and
his continued meddling in the Ukrainian
Civil War trust between Russia and its
neighbors in the NATO alliance was
already an extremely short supply he's
Abell young reports I'm really pulling
out all the stops to show us that
Russia's much mate is more than capable
of taking out
they're showing all their ground troops
work alongside that both here to destroy
a terrorist camp can also spot Putin
just up here looking on this is the army
that Vladimir Putin has been busy
modernizing following decades of decay
after the fall of the Soviet Union this
week he's been showing it off to the
world we see what we did sir let's
tackle pretty much which is to Virginia
it is okay
granular but besides the shoddy weather
there's not a lot that Russia and NATO
allies are agreeing on when it comes to
sup had Western military analysts say
the number of troops participating could
be as high as a hundred thousand
Russia's own ministry of defense claims
that it's fewer than 13,000
they also say that these exercises are
simply defensive training many of their
neighbors find them far more menacing a
top NATO official has suggested that
this could be a serious preparation for
a big war although more than 100
journalists have been invited on this
press tour the Russian military weren't
overly receptive to the idea of us
freely covering the event Russian press
tour that I've ever been on the message
is being so tightly controlled that we
have to direct our cameras of this way
director cameras that way international
observers showed up at the pad trying to
figure out what Russia is really up to a
lot of Russians that we've spoken to her
saying that these war games are just a
reaction to aggression from NATO states
around Europe do you think that that's a
fair analysis you know after the Ukraine
NATO has to take some employers member
states several NATO nations made a
conspicuous display of their own
military muscle in the weeks before
supply started these annual exercises
could save a Guardian involved 25,000
servicemembers both from the US and
Europe later has never behaved
so you think it's Russia it's behaving
aggressively yeah
yeah this Mach warfare is ultimately
orchestrated from the Kremlin
Franklin Savitch is a senior member of
the ruling United Russia party and sits
on a key government defense and security
committee so you completely fail to
understand why any of these countries
would feel threatened or concerned about
these military exercises taking place on
the back doors de niro sifaka pol√≠tica
with a trained discreet at COC focus on
EU water resistancy at the Tavor luta
the kotori's what it is ceramic Republic
of Bhushan which will advise Tony a
Latvia Porsche Tom do you establish
ownership over shafts cold water is
there a battery didn't appear the very
concerned it seems like the message
you're trying to portray here is that
Russia is the great defender against
terrorism in the world which quite
frankly a lot of people would find
laughable possible appropriate dilution
measures a silver jaw Shelby's concerns
Fuji voltages are a sphere ravika which
in java developers nearest ana-lucia
this receive the transnational sharia
rewrites it now avoids the chance to
shift which teaches biased the visitor
to extra see another deliveries I see on
both sides
Vivek Wadhwa territory you have to give
you guys a neutron
we achieve the same illusion I guess
this ratio would very much to celebrate
those analogies
no toast akashic record-- david ershon
appearance itself somehow not reversible
radiative are superior handsome he was a
conscious enter which if the child loves
you
on Sunday Germans will go to the polls
to elect a Chancellor and since
incumbent Angela Merkel has been a
strong opponent of Vladimir Putin
intelligence agencies have warned for
months that Russia would use cyber
warfare to try to sway the election
against her but with only a few days to
go there's been little evidence of that
happening
Phoebe Greenwood went to Germany to see
how and if Russia has tried to exert its
influence
biggest upset of the German election has
been the rise of the AF team on a
far-right anti-immigration ticket polls
indicate alternative for Germany could
win up to twelve percent of the national
vote and become the third largest party
in Parliament conventional Western
wisdom says that Russia is promoting the
rise of far-right populist across Europe
in Germany that populist movement is the
AFD a party created in opposition to the
European Union that is strongly opposed
to migration from Islamic countries it
has a lot in common ideologically with
Moscow but there's no hard evidence
supporting allegations that it's funded
by the Kremlin
we have only lose contacts to Russian
politicians and we don't get money from
them we don't get support from them
but German anxiety about Russian
meddling goes further than his possible
support of the AFD in June the German
Ministry of Interior warned Russia was
using internet trolls and branches of
its state media to spread disinformation
Tjuta cram needs a collective of
journalists helping Facebook to root out
and debunk disinformation circulated on
its network ahead of the election have
you seen an increase in misinformation
through social media through the media
ahead of the election especially on the
right wing side on the right populist
side we have people who are interested
in spreading misinformation hoaxes wrong
stories who don't have the big fake news
stories and if they come from Russia we
don't know yet so far RT is a
multi-platform international media
outlet funded by the Russian state it's
being scrutinized in Germany for
coverage that could be seen to influence
voters editor-in-chief of RT Germany a
van rodionov told us that accusations
his outlet is a Kremlin tool to stir
unrest I'm true if there is such
criticism of RT as a proponent of
misinformation which you're saying just
isn't true where are these allegations
coming from I think it's connected to
this whole Russian obsession so it's
partly shows really the very sharp tone
to say the least that the German amazing
uses to whatever is Russian what do you
think the Russian interests say the
Kremlin interest is in the outcome of
these elections there is no sign not
even the trace of any Russian hacking
nobody seen them
nobody detected them but everybody keeps
talking about them it's a new
incarnation of Saddam Hussein's WMD
maybe and that's that's not that's not a
joke few German political voices other
than the AFD criticized Merkel's
sanctions regime on Russia and most
think Moscow is poised to launch a major
cyber attack on Germany if not during
these elections then soon
it's the cyber experts who are so
convinced the only major hack on the
German election system so far has been
carried out by leanness he and two of
his friends revealed huge gaps in German
cyber defense when they hacked into the
electoral system to a point where they
could have changed the results what I'm
surprised about is that while everybody
is talking about this little is
apparently done to address the apparent
threat that everybody is hysterical
there were no serious security measures
and those that were there were even
fully executed it seems like a couple of
years ago everybody was hysterical but
the Chinese and eventually that changed
and now everybody's hysterical
about the Russians from my perspective
no actual reason to be worried more or
less about any country in the world
carrying out attacks
Puerto Ricans emerge from their homes
today to find an island utterly
devastated by Hurricane Maria Maria is
just the latest in a nasty string of
hurricanes that suggest that deadly
storms are hitting with more frequency
and power but scientists have upped
their game to with a new satellite
called goes sixteen that produces the
most detailed hurricane images ever
recorded Vice News spoke with Mike
stringer the NOAA engineer who runs the
program Joe 16 is better than the legacy
satellites that are up there previously
because it has three times the spectral
resolution in other words the number of
color brands it can see it has four
times the resolution as the legacy
satellites and five times the refresh
rate of being able to take images where
the old satellites they could do a meso
scale but they had to stop doing
everything else
so we can do all of that at the same
time we can look at the clouds and from
one time step to the next see where that
cloud is moving and tell how the winds
are those winds can then be put in the
models used to say how that arcing is
going to move the other new instrument
we have on the satellite is a
geostationary lightning map right and so
this sees all the light and scientists
have done some analysis showing when
that total lightning count jumps that's
usually a great purser indicator that
that storm is getting very severe into
produced severe hail possibly tornadoes
another feature that allows us to do but
we're not as focused on right now
because the Hurricanes
is to detect fires we can see fires and
hot spots around the country and we've
been able to look at the heat patterns
change and follow that direction of that
front moving through in the last about
five years on average there's been ten
billion dollar weather-related disasters
this year before Harvey I believe the
number had been seven already
estimates on Harvey are tens of billions
or even maybe hundred billion so by
creating these programs and getting
these satellites up and be able to get
the information out quicker to people
they'll be able to protect themselves
and depending on what the type of event
is they may even be able to protect
their property healthcare healthcare
healthcare healthcare health care
healthcare healthcare it's official
after leaving Obamacare repeal for dead
the Senate is now about to take another
run at it
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he
intends to rush the Graham Cassidy bill
to the floor next week but most people
don't know much about the plan at all
other than the fact that it's happening
quickly and that it just might pass
let's ask the questions you ask when
something wakes you up in the middle of
the night what was that noise and should
I be scared that noise is the Senate
trying to rip up Obamacare while you
were paying attention to natural
disasters should you be scared that
depends on who you are under Obamacare
the federal government shells out money
to help people get health insurance it
gives people subsidies makes payments
made to the insurance companies to bring
costs down and it gives money to states
to offer Medicaid to a larger group of
people
under this bill all of that money would
get converted into a lump sum or block
grant given to each state now remember
how Obamacare let States decide whether
to expand Medicaid to more people
the winners under the new bill would be
the states that did not expand Medicaid
the losers would be states that did
according to one analysis by a Valier
health between 2020 and 2026 the federal
government would cut health care
spending by 215 billion dollars and by
2027 those cuts would equal 489 billion
but here's what you should really pay
attention to
this bill fully remakes the Medicaid
program in the year 2020 right now if a
state spends $1 on Medicaid the federal
government gives them some amount of
matching funds the gramm cassidy bill
puts a cap on that effectively cutting
it this could affect the traditional
population that has always benefited
from Medicaid children the disabled in
the very poor this is a massive change
to the American safety net that Congress
is trying to draft up over the course of
a couple of weeks of legislative work so
will it pass just like last time
McConnell needs to find 50 votes from
his conference of 52 Republicans Rand
Paul has said he's and no john mccain
susan collins and lisa murkowski all
people you've heard of before who killed
the last version are back in the hot
seat they will be under enormous
pressure because this could be the gops
last chance for a while
the special role they want to use that
lets them pass something with only 51
votes expires in nine days more broadly
Republicans are desperate to make good
on a promise they've been running on for
seven years now
Republicans campaigned on this so often
that we have a responsibility carry out
what you said in the campaign that's
pretty much of a reason as the substance
of the bill if they don't pass this bill
by September 30th they may stop trying
for a while but even if they have to
wait they will the efforts might go
underground again but the Republicans
aren't going to stop trying until they
get something done or until they lose
their majority
aside from the occasional threat of
nuclear war we will have no choice but
to totally destroy North Korea UN
General Assembly week is a decidedly
tedious affair
full of boring speeches bland
pronouncements and drab cocktail parties
but for one diplomacy superfan there's
no better time to be alive this is my
hobby
I collect base full Sun by world leaders
even Pope Francis signed for me two
months ago Himani all been khalifa
al-thani signed a baseball for me I
started this collection 20 years ago
President Bill Clinton was the first one
that I got to sign this is the poll that
Mandela signed for me Barack Obama it
would it be possible to get the Emir to
sign one now well I don't know what that
would mean to the ball thank you the key
is you really want to find somebody
who's willing to be helpful and which
delegation are you with Ivory Coast yes
it would mean the world to me if I could
get the President to sign this for my
collection
okay can I wait here would you thank you
so much I do not have the Ivory Coast
Presidents on any field resin illogic
yes looking forward to getting this this
is a major score for me this is the
Super Bowl of autograph collecting for
someone like myself who collects world
leaders it's the president how are you
sir can you please sign this for me you
have 200 plus heads of state from all
over the planet conferring at the UN
it's not that easy to infiltrate the
inner circles of world leaders I
I'm at a loss right now I kind of doubt
that he's walking me back there to the
luncheon but you never know in my
collection I have approximately 350
baseball's that were signed by heads of
state heads of government and I have all
the first ladies from Betty Ford to
Michelle Obama I do not have Melania
Trump yet as an autograph collector I
never go anywhere without at least a
dozen baseball's you never know who
you're gonna meet mr. Trump
v√°clav havel benazir bhutto Paul Morton
from Canada John Dramani Mahama from
Ghana here's the Matthew caracal one the
one who didn't speak English at all look
at that signature he had no idea what a
baseball was a lot of people will
question hey that the balls for sale you
couldn't pay me enough this is my heart
and soul that's gone into this for over
20 years
you can't put a price on it in 1993 I
took a drive up to Cooperstown to the
Baseball Hall of Fame and there was this
wonderful exhibit of baseball's that
were thrown out by presidents dating
back to the turn of the 20th century
from that moment on I decided I was
going to start collecting signed
baseballs from world leaders and heads
of state and a concept in my head was
diplomacy through baseball
you guys think you can help a brother
out and just steal me a piece of bread
or something I'm diabetic I gotta get
some food or something
you guys want some bread I'll have the
guy bring out a little for Brenda stuff
No thank you very much it means a lot to
me it really does how about I just keep
the napkin I'll give you the breadbasket
back all right thank you
the life of an autograph collector mr.
president how are you sir I was I'm
Randy thank you so much all right thank
you sir
god bless you and have a great day it's
the president thank you sir thank you
all very much
all right this is amazing it was worth
the wait
let's go get some more guys that's vice
news tonight for Thursday September 21st
tune in tomorrow night for the
award-winning documentary series vice
cause if I could that is in real life I
will travel back to 1812 and by about
the gerrymandering gerrymandering sucks
because it's all designed for helping
the politicians but not the ordinary
citizen there about 10,000 students here
that's definitely enough especially a
smaller congressional election to swing
a vote oh and this is the street that
divides the campus for voting purposes
their vote is now cracked
you
you
