public health experts say that one of
the best ways to curb overdose deaths is
by establishing safe injection sites
places where people can use heroin under
medical supervision but of course not
everybody agrees that officially
sanctioned drug use is a good thing in
American cities that have pushed for the
idea have been shot down
Toronto got farther in 2016 it's City
Council approved three safe injection
sites but by this August none had opened
so a group of activists decided to open
one on their own even though they had to
break the law to do it
although Toronto Police doesn't
necessarily agree wholly with injection
site Lite is popping up because we do
have the aspect of illegal drugs coming
and going the crisis supersedes that at
this point in time
yeah watch your fingers
is there another large feature pin yeah
there's all the little sharps or
whatever just to put one in just like
one big one the first day we opened it
was like 2 or 3 o'clock and we started
to put everything up and the police
rolled up radioed and we have a
situation going on in the park and then
they sent a superintendent Hines
test who actually was like pretty nice
we had a spec of overdoses in the city
and it just seemed to be escalating we
can't just hand out in a lock zone and
we can't just like go to memorials
constantly we've had over 13 overdoses
we've reversed and assisted in and a few
of those have been quite scary opiate
overdose usually takes some time but the
kind of drugs we have on the street are
making people draw if they're trying to
move people through the injections that
they'll grab you and say like keep an
eye on this person so that person is on
you keep them closed somewhere with you
when I heard about pop up I couldn't
believe it really at first so I had to
go and see with my own eyes and it was
for real pops up kind of on its own I
explained to them that I was there to
volunteer without places like these
people are going to continue to die and
this fentanyl people are getting this
stuff laced in their heroin and they
don't know it
yeah someone just handed us a bag and
they are suspecting its pension only
result of them is down so there's some
residue in the bag there we're gonna
check that and see what turns up if it
is positive fentanyl we'll see one red
line towards the bottom here if it was
negative we'll see two red lines and you
wait five minutes but it's already to me
it's in indicative that there is
fentanyl in there
then junkie 50 years
I live here I'm all mighty bright hang
up parts lot cleaner those people that
don't judge ya I volunteer here bitching
councillors F junkies most junkies don't
have anybody in their life they were
like family like that we're all written
out for us especially I wanna stop using
the shitty life yeah
the life they want case of by the time I
went from doing a pill every couple of
days to $500 a day habit before I knew
what had happened I was what I hated so
much junkie we were to let them live
another day so they have the opportunity
to stop on their own because nobody can
stop you until you're ready to stop
you
