iPhone 8 this is a huge step forward for
iPhone today Apple announced the release
of the best iphone it's ever made for
the 10th times it's the best iPhone yet
the iPhone 10 is also the most expensive
iPhone ever so why after introducing the
most profitable electronics device of
all time and selling 1 billion of them
is Apple introducing a high-end device
now well it might be because Apple is
gonna sell too many iPhones
I'm guessing Apple would have a hard
time getting a hundred million LED
screens for production this year there
isn't as much production infrastructure
for all that screams OH LED or OLED
stands for organic light-emitting diodes
they are more efficient than LCD screens
which will save you battery life and
they're thinner but o le D isn't a new
technology o LED screens are already in
some higher-end Android phones the
rumors are that Samsung is going to be a
primary supplier and it's interesting
that your Samsung also uses OLED screens
for its own cause now if you want more
you might have to pay more for units
because they're probably producing them
as fast as they can
so if Apple can't get enough OLED
screens it can't put them in the iPhone
8 so what can they do well if you can't
get a hundred million screens and you
can't put them across your whole product
line the natural thing to do is segment
to the market have a premium model that
has the OLED screen prices premium
product high to modulate the demand this
is called product segmentation basically
it's making a different version of your
product with a different price for a
different group of customers it goes all
the way back to Alfred P Sloan in
General Motors in the 1920s who had the
low end car high volume and that was the
Chevrolet
and he had the premium line it was
Cadillac so apple can add features like
an oh le d-- screen face ID an emoji and
something called the neural engine to
their iPhone 10 and when the time comes
trickle down the tech into their
mainstream phones having the more
expensive iPhone 10 also provides Apple
with another interesting benefit so
there's a classic decision bias that
humans have which is to avoid extremes
and look to the middle when they're not
sure about which product is right for
them psychologists call this type of
decision making a compromise effect
whereby consumers are averse to choosing
an extreme option Apple could try to put
all of these screens in all their
devices but they're better off putting
them first into the very high inversion
and skimming off the demand from the
Apple enthusiasts by introducing a very
high-end phone well above the price
point of a fully loaded iPhone they may
be able to increase their sales by
suddenly making it appear as a middle
option as a compromise option that is
iPhone tear
you
you
