everyone wants a piece of San Francisco
right now that's why it's so hard to
live here I'm assistant professor of
sociology at San Francisco State
University between me and my partner we
make anywhere between a hundred and
hundred ten thousand dollars a year and
that's considered low income here my
family for my partner our two children
live in a one-bedroom apartment in a
high-rise we pay $2,400 we are living in
a university subsidized apartment so
that's why we have it a little cheaper
but it's a one-bedroom apartment for
four people it's a little tight right
I've lived in many major cities and I've
lived in San Francisco before but this
time around it's super hard to find
affordable housing so when I get up in
the morning I get my kids ready to go my
partner and I will be tag-teaming on
that I'll get breakfast started and I'll
cook eggs and sausage cut up an avocado
you don't like avocado but you like eggs
on days that I goes to child care after
we eaten breakfast we'll head over to
her daycare
we pay around $1,300 a month for daycare
for our two-year-old daughter I think
that the state should have more
responsibility to working parents and
working families to help them afford
quality child care for their children
our transportation costs monthly vary
but this is where we're trying to save
money San Francisco and the Bay Area has
a definite car culture but between mean
were all my partner we share one Kart we
pay around $60 for gas a month because
we drive a hybrid and we fill up for gas
every two weeks or something like that
when I get onto campus I'll grab a
coffee and a bite to eat come to the
office I will get my work done respond
to emails get back to paper writing or
grading or something like that in my
office after I've done some work in the
office or after I've taught I'll go to
lunch at a local sandwich shop yeah on
some days my husband and my son will
join me and we'll have lunch together
before I come back to work
feeding a family of four we really rely
on meal planning and cooking at home so
every week we try and go grocery
shopping
we are lucky enough to live in the city
where we have friends and are raising
our family in community so at times
friends come over to share a meal with
us and they'll bring dishes to come and
share and break bread together the bay
area is a lovely place to grow up in
right it's super diverse I remember
growing up here as an immigrant and a
child of an immigrant and knowing that
my mother was working a low-wage job
being a working-class family and an
immigrant family here in the Bay Area
wasn't every easy right it's not just
like it happened in 2017 where you know
it's hella hard to live here now it's I
think there is some sort of myth around
that that it's just happening at this
moment even if I am a professor and I
have these great benefits often it's
harder and harder to justify how to live
in this city because it's so expensive
homeownership in the Bay Area
feels like chasing a dream it's what
they call a seller's market there's no
negotiation someone will always outbid
you in terms of buying a home here in
San Francisco when we do buy a home it
will be in the East Bay somewhere not in
San Francisco and not in the peninsula
there's a push and pull about living in
San Francisco the you know I left my
heart in San Francisco kind of feeling
but also you're brokenhearted in San
Francisco because you can't afford to
live here
you
