hey guys I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we are
through kitchens welcome back to our
Channel
today guys today today guys we're doing
the famous Instagram controls our life
of the day except we're going to put our
own spin on it and we're doing Instagram
controls our career routine today so
basically how it works we put a heap of
different poles on our Instagram so then
you guys will decide
excuse me dougie we're trying to build
it so we put a heap of poles on our
joint Instagram page and you have
decided what we're doing so I mean you
might have been a little bit confused as
to what we're doing but I I think some
of you might have worked it out it's
you'll be all cleared up now so you see
a bit of the process of us checking
Instagram polls and seeing how they went
and then deciding what to do because of
what you've said and then today you're
going to see the whole thing put
together in like a little montage and
hopefully enjoy it yeah so guys before
we get on with the video we show
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
and don't forget guys to click that gray
Bell next to the subscribe button see
and notified every time I post a video
and be sure to follow us on all our
social media so you guys stay up to date
with us and don't forget guys if you
really enjoyed this video press the
share button okay so the first poll was
location the two options were park or
beach and you guys decided
we've had really nice days but this is
probably the worst and it's called part
of belief at the time we filmed the
major pots later on in this video it's
not a comes out but if it doesn't come
out that's all good we're here and we're
soldiering on because we have to do love
the Pulsar we have well it wasn't
we chose was outfit and we had street
clothes we were active wear and he's
picked it was where Artie and I
obviously have to look at this this
morning cause we have to get dressed so
yeah you guys picked a cute wear 62
October oh yeah and then the next poem
was our hair stuff and I'm surprised you
guys picked up so I thought you picked
down because we always have my hair up
but good I like that this one can win
yes so we asked these how we should
start the acro routine so the two
options no contortion family I think
it's only so now we're just trying to
work out which tumbling passes to do
we're trying to do different ones we
have
nailed it do it yes you decided to do
for tumbling passes and we're up to
filming the final tumbling pass right
now and that is flip flip flip choose
head so you're three back handsprings a
twist and a headsman yep you guys will
see
next poll was my hat bursting as out
from these are a Christine's but you
will probably last ones both like
dancing over the top so we are going to
attempt accra tricks with a stick and
also show you guys
subo Indian breathing
it's Oh bleeps and you guys picked bleep
so 62% from people EEP so just gonna do
like a series of our favorite leet
they're all swinging another pole at the
same time the rewind effect or the
slo-mo effect you Jerry's slow effect so
we're actually gonna shoot our leaps in
slow motion
all right we're using the iPhone in slow
motion because we feel it actually is
better quality slow cursor yeah
all right sorry for the first half of
the video legit sorry sorry about some
of the video that's gonna look bad
intent on the rocks on the high pole
give me a scotch on the rocks
don't wait for tomorrow
and that brings us to the end of the
video we really hope you enjoyed that
because that was so hard but I were
dealing with hurricane type weather
trying to have pictures oh you should
have seen I wish someone who is videoing
us trying to get our phone now my floaty
light flew all the way down the beach
night to light leg up like run on his
restaurants all of their know what to do
very interesting they're all been
laughing I'm sure and we'll try and yet
we do soul on doing a back cats
flip is in the sand trying to
communicate with each other by I just
yelling we couldn't hear it - uh it was
so but we survived so guys we really
hope you enjoyed watching our version of
Instagram controlling our acro routine
yeah hey thanks for helping us come up
with those were easy ideas and ideas
comment down below which pole was your
favorite that we didn't yeah
I really enjoyed the tumbling today I
don't know what because it was fresh
shoes in the morning it wasn't this
Whitney is great yeah the wind was it
was bad that was knives yeah hurricane
Wendy didn't come yeah but it was a lot
of fun also trying stuff with the
flippers and doors if you like to see
more of that comment down below so
remember we post every Monday on squared
and we post on our channel every
Thursday so we'll see you guys next
Thursday
