hey guys I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we got
the red kitchen
welcome back to our Channel
before we get on with the video though
be sure to subscribe if you happen early
and give it a big thumbs up if you liked
it and don't forget guys to click that
gray mail next to the subscribe button
see you guys and notified every time I
post a video and follow us on all the
social media and if you really like this
video press the share button previously
on Dance Moms
a be announced that this is actually
going to be like a national competition
she announced that she was going to take
us girls to Melbourne and there next
weekend to compete in Abby's ultimate
Australian tour dance competition which
was a take off from her us Abby's
ultimate dance competition then we found
out that this will all be filmed next
week and that would be on Dance Moms so
blue to Melbourne the next weekend and
it's really nervous
I remember lining up ready to go in to
like meet up with Abby again and the
girls and now we're gonna tell us like
wolf well what's going on was gonna
happen this weekend I was number 12 and
um yeah I think
this is exciting
because this is that's why we have some
day you can't come in so right now the
ordering that she competes you've got
one shot it's the first summer to show
us you catch I why the routine what is
your attitude
do you give a hundred percent so after
hearing Abby say well the first thing
she said was about the whole interview
thing and she was like don't say online
interviews they're like my worst
nightmare especially at that point oh my
god no it said that kind of freaked us
out a little bit I think she was
probably aiming to do that yes um that's
pretty sure that night we went to the
hotel room we actually practiced in like
we had no idea like what she was gonna
ask us or whatever right after she told
us everything that was going to happen
we started learning the group yeah and
the girls actually taught us the crab
dance now a really great teachers did a
really good job
so it came to the performance night and
it was so exciting because he the
cameras were on Abby Lee was in the
front judging and then all the audience
yeah our moms had to be involved as well
and they were interviewed and they all
sat together they weren't quite as crazy
as some of the dads no hunter yeah that
was pretty funny yeah so yeah this only
that I did was my persona and Sam did my
job
basically out of these there was only
one winner and they were named Abby's
ultimate dance off actually two minutes
because there was a junior section in
see number we were in the senior section
and you can watch
we're just so exciting I just couldn't
believe it like we both couldn't believe
that - you want out of all those girls
there's such a big achievement 90 so
this means like a lot
yes renamed like Abby's ultimate
Australian to a dancer and just because
I was like our dream to perform in front
of Abby and critiqued by her and the
fact that that all happened and then
this happened yeah it's just like the
craziest and most exciting experience
it's something that like will remember
them
yeah well never forget it was so cool so
I'm just so glad that we decided to do
it even though they didn't come to Perth
we'll just like knowing let's go to
Allied but let's do this I'm just so
glad we did yeah a couple of months
later we went to LA full dancing and wow
there soon posted a picture of us in
Disneyland like with churros and so I be
commented something like you're in LA I
have to see come to the set of Dance
Moms tomorrow these aren't acted yet the
organiser of the Australian and he gets
to us and she got us in contact with
Abby because we told her everything know
what's going on Abby told belaney
to tell us yep made up the set tomorrow
morning and we're sport clothes but
nothing with unlike a local unlike so
you can't wait added us or whatever so
straightaway we like oh my gosh does
that mean we're going to be like on an
episode of Dance Moms so we're like
freaking out I don't know why but we
brought our Abby Lee we happen to have
our Abby Lee like a power like the black
with the merch that we bought from the
Perceval we brought that with us I don't
even know what it was like meant to be
so we ended up wearing that there
I remembered the drive to third street
dance in LA we were both so nervous
because we just honestly I didn't know
what to expect gonna be on Dance Moms
and we had a friend and then we also get
half as well so she was so in love as a
Dance Moms fan news yeah so we got there
and the film crew and the production
team were there
told us that no idea we were coming yeah
I mean I don't think told them so that
were like who are you where they will be
very confused and then we were confused
so then they just told us go go down and
sit down in the cafe downstairs and
we'll let you know when to come up so we
sat in the cafe and we kind of realize
so why will who down in the cafe all the
sudden like the girls just came down
they're actually like really upset
Maddie Mackenzie and Kendall and then
Melissa and Jill came down and like Sam
said the girls were crying and I was
like oh my gosh like what is happen this
is really something I so yeah everything
that happens it's all pretty much for I
mean obviously like the emotions you see
on there generally from how the
producers make things happen so
obviously like when they saw awesome we
just kind of liked it
their eyes are you know you're like
what's going on so even though the girls
are upset they still like seunghye's
don't like spoke to us and then and we
spoke with the moms and they were still
miked up those that I couldn't actually
tell us exactly okay no fighting between
like the producers and a be like you
know Apple saying I want to be in the
users were saying yeah they were just
like a little so I don't know but anyway
they had to then go back and finish
filming and so we start they forgot
another couple of hours but one of the
production teams that or you can go up
now that finished feeling for the day
and basically we were like oh well
where's Abby we kind of want to see how
we want to make sure that she knew that
we'd show it off yeah so anyway we
caught Abby just before she was leaving
she was like in a car and ready to go
and then she I think she saw us so she
stopped ally told us that apparently
like she was furious she had no idea
that we would
in the cafe waiting the whole time none
of the production team told her that
that's where we were yeah
Abby then told us what she planned or
hoped that would happen today it was
actually the episode I don't know if any
of you get conference will remember but
this week we have a frog
and it's a big fence
Abby wanted us to demonstrate tricks
that we could possibly like that they
could integrate into the dance so it
sounded like really really cool yeah but
like you said it didn't end up happening
so look obviously we were disappointed
about we were just so grateful that IV
had even asked us to be part of the
position but yeah so that was twice that
I'm going to your now and then hey guys
oh no we were told that the two episodes
that we'd filmed in Australia at the
maths class with their interviews and
the solos and the show and me being
announces the winner and stuff was never
going to be air on TV ever there was
some stuff art with the production team
again or something they said that
footage will never see the light of day
so there was all those interviews
missile or assuming just gone twice it
will never be seen plus I got I like
little snippets that we have and it
would have been so approved at like B
yeah but again I was so appreciative of
all that it was still amazing now cuz
Abby felt so bad about what had happened
she really wanted to organize some sort
of act up at her with us in the States
and then she's like when's the next time
you're gonna be in America and we said
you're actually coming back in a couple
months time coming we're gonna be New
York it's just like I'm gonna be in you
we really did in New York the same time
yeah and so we both attended the high
strung movie premiere if you guys
haven't seen her on so we happen to be
in New York when that um premiere was
going on and our friend Haley heals you
who's actually on the candy abdomen she
was on Abby's ultimate dance competition
first and then she was
candy apples came for a little bit cuz
we were friends with her she was the one
who's my god I'm a TA I show you the two
days high-strung movie premiere yeah and
I be was there as well she got really
cool so unexpected so fast forwarding to
2016 he'd won a scholarship to the
Joffrey Ballet week so we got to New
York for a week which was amazing so
while we were in LA add new button
contacted us and we actually went out to
dinner with Abby yeah so we got to know
more about Abby you know so and she's
telling us all these experiences she's
honestly so interesting to listen to
like she just had solely stories and
before we went to dinner he told us to
meet at the LA studio which was so
exciting because obviously we'd seen it
on TV
and it was just so pretty like a zoo
studio yeah I love the shooter so the d9
if it was so cool and there's all the
red and the gold and then she was
telling us how she really wants us to do
in a cronut shop a studio one day look
like we'd love to like help you
so that's 2016 so they're 2017 we let me
know that we're coming to
States again and this was for VidCon she
said okay I really love for you to teach
in our workshop a bus you don't know
like we would absolutely love to yeah so
really quickly organizers very last
minute yeah I thought we ended up doing
it so that was really awesome because
Abby had said all along she wants us to
teach at her yeah
so we got to do that in the end we
didn't actually get to catch up with
Abby this time I'm really busy but I'm
very busy but it was so cool teaching in
that studio and now mum was there too
and she obviously helped teach as well
awesome
and basically guys that kind of wraps up
all our experiences and exciting
adventures to do with dance month we
just want to add how grateful we are for
these experiences we were legit remember
this so guys we hope you enjoyed this
week's video it was a bit of a different
one and we kind of talked a lot but I
hope you enjoy the behind-the-scenes
footage of all those experiences that
we're lucky enough to actually have yes
comment down below if you are obsessed
with death I'm sorry
you never even heard of death everyone
remember we play stones good every
single Monday and we post on action ooh
every Thursday so we'll see you guys
next Thursday
