so if you guys ever going through a hard
time with something bad happens in your
life don't let it get the better get
joint let it get to you and everything
happens for a reason
hey guys I'm T I'm Sam and Lia
derivatives
welcome back to our Channel
today guys it's story time so we are
going to tell you this story of when
Tegan had to have a chunk of my bone
removed from her leg so yeah before we
get on with the video guys be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
don't forget guys to click that crave on
next the subscribe button so you guys
notified every time Cristen video and
follow us on all our social media and
also if you really like this video press
the share bar
so when I was 15 years old I was told
that I had to give up
you
okay so from what I can remember Sam and
I were mucking around outside doing a
whole heap of background I remember
specifically we kept doing this same
stomped over and over it was a no hand
we're only pulling the air and land on
your feet cuz we saw this girl do it
well oh my gosh that looks so cool like
so much fun so we really wanted to try
it so we just every day after school
we'd like go out in front of our house
and just keep trying and trying training
until we got it and we did and once we
got it we like did it multiple times I
remember mine legs like started to hurt
know that I ignored it at first but then
cuz it wasn't going away that's when we
decided alright let's just go and check
it out just to be safe you never know so
we did and I had to have an x-ray I
remember going back to school that time
and I thought well one of the doctors I
what were the results or whatever and
then once I oh so there's some sort of
like lesion or tumor my question is I'm
gonna die as you can see the lesion
actually wasn't that big at the time the
doctor said you have to stop dancing
because this is something that has to
break down and won't break down if you
keep putting stress on it so I basically
stopped dancing a minute
well that's like taking away your
favorite thing and you can't do it
anymore so anyway my mom found this
really good specialist basically he
specialized in sports injuries and
that's kind of what we do so he
basically said he didn't say I had to
give up dancing but he did stress to me
that you know if you keep dancing on it
it's obviously gonna be very painful it
could get worse he didn't say oh you'd
have to quit dance yeah like he he
wanted to make sure Tegan could keep
dancing somehow he did say if it does
begin to hurt though like lay off a
little bit like if they're turning
obviously don't go full-out or whatever
so ii did so teens had to like not do it
or even though she did anyway because
yes i pretty much i did everything as
normal because yes the team just put up
in the pain but then at times like the
pain was just so bad and obviously
complain to my mom
it's so bad I was missing out on quite a
bit like when we used to do leaps and
stuff across dancing I used to have to
you know like just walk across and not
actually do the leaps and so it's
becoming like you know you know like
that sucks who knows crushed right
you hate missing out you just want to do
it mom decided that let's go back and
see about it let's just get an update
and see if everything's going normal or
whatever yes and you can have another
x-ray and the results were even scarier
first it had gone so much better
this thing that wasn't meant to grow it
was meant to break down it was actually
started growing
so anyway from that small thing to this
and that's when he was like oh we might
have to look into this further he
diagnosed it as a aneurysmal bone cyst
okay so this thing isn't actually gonna
break down anymore it's just gonna get
bigger and bigger and bigger it's just
gonna expand your bone so then the
specialist said we have to remove it
Teagan oh i at that point happen this
time so Tang was pregnant even though oh
my gosh you figure the hospital like I
was breaking it now it was deciding like
a time what's the best time of the year
to actually remove this thing out of my
leg because obviously once you're really
you have to have recovery time this just
takes forever you know I just didn't
want to miss out on anything so first of
all the specialists were like remember
by scraping it away from the bone but
then like the day off
ting was getting ready before the
surgery my specialist he came round and
saw me and he was like all right so
let's doing some last-minute research
last night I've kind of decided to go in
a different direction with this
operation I'm not scraping it out
anymore I'm cutting it out imagine being
told you're about to have a part of your
leg taken out like a part of the bone
completely removed yeah he was like I'm
just gonna chop on about this much of
the bone and take it completely out and
run on the side he's spoken got a great
back yeah like no idea that some bones
provide many bugs not throwing them back
you will be able to learn you if he just
scraped it out he said there's a
possibility that the cyst will just grow
back again this meant that the recovery
time had changed it was much longer and
I was a great like legit family's out
five years before I was going in and
they're losing burn all my god
so he told me that full recovery will be
12 months and he said that I'll be like
walking again on it like within three
months as I just casually have a bit of
ibero-american you can walk so the
surgery went all good Tegan had to be on
crutches for two months two months and I
was in a cars
I got changed to a Moon Boot and legit
as soon as I put the moon road on my god
you feel like I'm such a nerd seriously
so obviously even if I was teen sitting
there it's just so hard to watch Dancing
when you can't do it like you want to
get up and do it but I'm sleep she
couldn't but taking my sufficiently
flexibility and she made sure she kept
doing my push-ups in anything she could
do without putting weight yeah I was
even doing a current drugs so she'd do a
handstand cuz she knew how to control it
without looking at me oh no way because
the boot way more taking me use that to
her advantage
ng practice its develop a yes the ballet
moon where you feel like up without
holding don't really buy man it's the
arm or wrist don't stop doing everything
for the weeks of recovery instead work
on things he annually can you muscles
like waste away in just a few moments
well they basically do if you stop doing
activity and if your body so used to
doing activity at that time it allows
staff really quickly and I did not want
that to happen so I was doing anything I
possibly could to make sure that state
limber strong my life later on the week
they like you could even see when I was
standing up in my left leg just like was
getting a skinny yes taking these
electrics it was painful the recovery at
least it's hard to do stuff oh my gosh
just the pain just do it stand on it at
first to walk and then to actually start
like doing Rises and stuff like that
like it was sorry painful I was working
towards performing in my end of you
dance concert because there was no way
in the world that I was gonna miss that
so I wasn't a hundred percent for that
but I the main thing was that I could do
most things and got on stage like that's
all that matter at that time all during
summer break I was doing basically
everything to get back to where I was it
legit took a whole 12 months for me to
be back to north so a whole year to be
back to normal but II still have pain
as you can see like it actually kind of
looks worse than what it started with
you I mean he did say do you ever have
to have like another extra in your life
on that leg make sure you tell the
people that I might start to read there
because it doesn't look too good a
little summary it was a really scary
time for me
obviously at times it was really hard
and I got upset and like frustrated in
that but I didn't want to give up and
just like forget about dancing kind of
thing because I mean I love dancing so
much and that's our passion in life so
ting made sure that she didn't let what
happened stop her from being the dancer
she was before that if you're not I mean
to work even harder after to make sure
she was better than she was because in
to catch up again and be better than
yeah so if you guys are going through a
hard time was something bad happens in
your life don't let it get the better
and don't let him get to you and
everything happens for a reason so maybe
that happened to me because well like it
taught me to work like really hard or
taught me to not give up and just like
keep going in maybe it made me stronger
I don't know so guys that's the end of
the video we hope you enjoyed it it was
a bit of a different one but we didn't
probably lengthy as well but we hope you
guys enjoyed getting to know something
but I think that shanty doesn't he
listen to that doctor who said stop
dancing you needed to stop dancing we
wouldn't be where we are today because
dancing has brought us travel experience
all this every YouTube we would be
nothing like basically our life would
have been so different I mean I wouldn't
have had an acro pot Joep honorary law
comment down below if you've ever had a
serious injury or actually even broken a
bar in the sport that you play I really
hope you enjoy that sir man but guys we
also post on swim every Monday and we
post on our channel every Thursday so
we'll see you guys next Thursday
