it's very echoey India like Darius
nothing else going on okay it's really
hey guys I'm taking on Sam
and we repeat rinse load back to our
Channel
alright guys so it is currently 227 a.m.
in the morning
why isn't it's not working and we are in
our deaths to here right now because we
are doing the 3 a.m. / 24 hour challenge
because we are totally sleeping over
here with a bunch of our friends there
in the other room I will introduce ya a
couple of them in a pin at the moment
because yeah I know
it's about together yeah like they have
to get up at 3 a.m. they drive or even
bigger little but I lasted a long time
was only like half an hour ago when I
started get sick they're gonna get tired
so you can't miss three and that's what
this video I'm doing alright guys so
before each 3 a.m. be sure to subscribe
if you haven't already and give it a big
thumbs up if you like it and don't
forget to click that primal mixes and
subscribe and also be sure to follow us
on all our social media and also even
really like this video share it also
guys can we just say we decided this
week to do the 3 a.m. challenge because
we hit all thanks to you guys we came
out thank you guys so much for
subscribing we actually calmly that
there's 3 million of you like like crazy
so yeah we do what we're doing without
all of you we love reading your comments
that you wait for us you guys like the
Guinness Book Emma
alright guys so let's go and wake them
up yeah so guys it wouldn't be a 3 end
video without some paranormal activity
we have our own paranormal activity oh
yeah Tory like woke up and she just
started doing some weird stuff she'll be
fine there
we're gonna ask her about the experience
see she remembers what happened
alex is getting a power nap in we have
an over here danyoung tiana twin sister
Lindsay Sophie and Nikita
you just have no bit of a snap on the
map danielle has now joined us welcome
Hey okay we're back we've brought the
game articulate and we're about to play
and someone showed me what the time is
please no I
Wow
until the akaroa challenge begins at 3
a.m.
thank you
it's 3:00 a.m.
wakey-wakey
it's 3:00 IME I mean there's still
people in the world like
it's
Oh yet
weakly that last time easy
one just extend and stretch your arms
and you can do it
18:15 nuts
Priscilla yep I can't once we won that
we're all ready to go
coming down below if you think you'd be
able to do a curve such analysis chips
singing whatever your love means at 3:00
a.m. yep all right remember guys they
also post on script every Monday and we
person out come every Thursday so we'll
see you guys next
