hey I'm unfit and we have 30 minutes
welcome back to our town
today guys we've decided to do the Swan
Lake for yet a challenge so couple weeks
ago we actually went and saw Swan Lake
and we come up with the idea to actually
try and do the famous 30 to 40 days by
weight which she does in this costume in
the second half yeah if I can thing in
this one Lake ballet has to do
thirty two days I was like we can't make
it to 32 it's going to be who can do the
most on point yeah I'm gonna push each
other but before we get on with the
challenge guys be sure to subscribe if
you haven't already and give it a big
thumbs up if you liked it and don't
forget guys to click that gray down next
to the subscribe button too guys
notified every time we post video and
for us on all our social media that will
be on the page
alright let's do it 20 inches on
god I don't have like my keys just
pretend like
it's not okay to decide who's gonna die
first is obviously none of us want to go
fast we're going to do classic pizzas
from the other losses guys so just one
round yeah
Pegasus yes first one your first team
okay so it's best out for a Stevens
Brown
all right so he's obviously fed to them
but in terms of the challenge right now
you have to be at least 17
910 attempt to three okay sir 21 then it
gets really weak that must mean I just
bought that
they're going
what was that negative attitude
you're going
keep going
like jumpy attractive and I knew
practically poetic if you like it - I
love it men have visions of like break
the necklace and laugh and plan around
you you've got a people who fight for
the paper so gonna beat your 21 let's go
to beta 1 2 3 5 6 7 8 10 11 do it
my dog
decides that we're gonna have this is my
ready one thank you
3:05 see
No
in 18 19 20 21 22
you can do it
I got so dizzy so I apologize for my
really bad anyway so badly ended before
yeah nice one leg challenge the blacks
the other ones got to 32 but Sam did get
thirty ones going down low if you think
we should do a rematch later on down the
track to see if one of us can get better
yeah and maybe next time we're doing
close to T's and weighing 462 not
injective yet guys this is a really
awesome exercise to be on improving for
MA so make it one chicken with someone
or like any type of spin a friend and
see you soon to the most of three rounds
it's really good to push you and to help
yeah the guys thank you so much for
watching and really hope you enjoyed
this video remember we also go somewhere
every Monday and we first a nacho every
10 sec so we'll see you guys next
