hey guys I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we are
the red curtains welcome back to our
Channel
today guys we're doing carpool karaoke
and our very first mukbang video I don't
know how to say it personally I'm saying
that correctly but but I'm do I so we if
people we get home with the video guys
be sure to subscribe if you haven't and
don't forget to click that great bone
next to the subscribe button so you guys
notified every time I forget to share so
you guys stay up to the date up to date
right just before you watch them up fun
show to say to the end because we've got
a really exciting announcement
we should really introduce these
hitchhikers that we picked up yeah these
guys so you might recognize Sophie and
Nikita from our Bali flock and so she's
around might recognize her from our 1
million video so you guys may be home
check those videos out be sure to choke
so actually I was crazy and now we're
nearly up to nearly 4 million what the
hell yeah I'm gonna have 20 nuggets and
if you want to try everything on go
ahead but are we gonna drive to Russia
wait wait wait do you want me to park
besides I say no you want to try it in
my notes if you like ok ok I'll just
back into the driver blocking traffic
what are we ordering okay so many
straddle is so who wants to order first
Nikita what do you want
me I just need injections what do you
want just like wing it and go in the
window and legit all that what you see
one on the pod bail I'm so nervous right
now the start of the look back
um hold on a second I'll just keep
thinking can I please have five large
fries here
straight-6 obviously now y'all want some
six Nuggets - okay sorry - six nuggets
and destroy a ten-million do you watch
sweet and sour sweet and sour sauce
please
yeah and burger please a double
cheeseburger I'm mixing it over without
sauce I make chicken burger without
sauce can I protect the crispy classic
chicken without bacon and without cheese
good times to get to know you insane
yeah and six Nuggets please
and I was getting ice cream back and the
chicken wrap don't have a Big Mac and a
chicken wrap can I get that - please -
large phrasing puts a large iced
chocolate Allah I'm one large chocolate
frappe
okay now Laurie a bit sorry with caramel
sauce please
a Nora McFlurry with caramel sauce you
just want to write x - a small vanilla
shake get an ice cream
yep and one last thing I was gonna lose
so soon now copy got an M&M McFlurry add
caramel sauce
alright that's it thank you they are
claiming it's not the biggest order
you've ever taken so I'm trying to use
maths maths when you dip your chips in
the McFlurry oh yeah I've never tried it
but I want to try it yeah when you do
you choose in your ice cream it's really
yes so I'll definitely try it thank you
you too essentially only in the pocket
when I want to have someone just drove
up with our ice creams they paid and
then they put the obviously the wrong
order and they just took it all so we
used to work at Maggie's and that
happens all you guys used to raise this
money yeah sometimes memories sometimes
we would accidentally charge the wrong
car so say if they got like like a
massive deal and then I just had some
for like for $0.50 ice creams and then
there just drove off and I like hectic
time the Mac and struggle see we learned
a lot though it was good to experience
it engineering make not
Oh
guys look at all that food I mean dude
hold on all right hold on to the ostrich
all right chicken nuggets this is fine
dining which Lee asked our Instagram
followers some questions you want to ask
while we were eating our mine workers
feeding our faces
first question how is working with
Jordan better good so much fun yeah so
much fun he's just as crazy as he looks
in the videos yeah he looks really tall
and he's really cool
I didn't like what is mukbang what is
the mood in front of a camera you order
whatever you want and you basically have
a gossip sesh in front of you guys who
is your celebrity crushes start from -
Bradley Cooper he's like teacher goals
if I were to do like that Wow definitely
for the moment this week too
a Bradley Cooper yeah rock stars you
really want to see that we commented did
you cry you like mom life tips Oh
live life to the force be yourself when
you go to Hajj days and you get yeah the
ice cream with Oreo added with caramel
you know I'm gonna have to agree with
you
types of boy cheering - all right types
of guys what are you looking for in a
guy someone who's completely themselves
and they don't play like a role just to
be like you're everything here I mean I
want to love them for who now not for
who they're for trying to be aggrieved
me no we do not speak of you know I do
not speak his name
guys there's a hair of my husband really
honest and you feeling no liar when
there's a liar
one that I'd be looking for is honesty
so like I feel like that's really
important
great and also I'm looking for someone
who's like rubber healers like someone
who's very genuine dad's very supportive
of me and very humble it's just like has
a passion oh yeah very annoyed yeah what
are you guys look for in a knife yeah
definitely told us this is probably
original but Bradley Cooper probably
where do you see yourself in ten years
hopefully happily in a relationship
happily married kids house a 12-8 as I'm
1986 but how would we be in 10 years
26 26 33 oh my gosh yes I'm really happy
but also be still going YouTube
that's so good I will see where the life
our life takes us live for today not
tomorrow yeah tomorrow my not home wow
that's deep I have been waiting all day
sloppy delicious look oh this looks
really good to the Boogie with the
burger I love a good pickle yeah many
people hate that looks how many times
have you thought about switching
identities for the day for YouTube video
yes yeah Oh MJ hi hey hey body
confidence
who cares what everyone else thinks like
don't compare yourself to others you can
in like a positive way but not to an
extent you're like Saturday thinking go
you and have that luck create the best
of what you've got and yeah make it
better preach it sister times two
everyone's different and there's someone
out there for everyone just live your
life guys have you updated your phone
have you got the screen time thing yeah
I want to compare I'm not telling now
you tell me have you updated
Sophie let me look at yours are you this
is life tip no Meghan when I made a
piquant that time what's your fav food
is more flexible out of me yeah you guys
you guys tell us
I feel like taken seems to have like a
really flexible back yeah and then Sam
your legs are so long they look really
bendy I've known Carly give the people
an answer
bigger yeah okay this is a good one guys
this is a really good one okay okay
we're ready
have you ever done something that the
other didn't like the matter is
something yet I know something today
goody
yep standard saying that Teague and
didn't like really it's recent guys
hello I'm not speak of his name this is
a quote of what taken said yeah but she
goes I never liked him and now I hate
him
I think this means one so far yeah but
like uni I was honest you were just
blindsided we need to find a be a how to
deal with a crush you just watch him
from a distance oh my gosh so we saw
this video idea on an amateur balloon
like one of her videos and it's where
she gave the camera to her friends and
they said like a fact or something they
said whatever they wanted about image
Hamelin even was like a seeker or
something that knew or just what they
liked about it and then what else is in
the room we're gonna find out what it is
when we edit this video Reineke knees
first go Katie oh my god okay so I've
known team Sam for 10 years now and I'm
actually their next-door neighbor
when I was little we'd always like play
at the front of the house and always
just to play at the front of the house
and ride scooters and just enjoy our
time together had my scooter on the Lord
and as I was riding my scooter across
the lawn I face-planted into the
handlebar of the scooter and I sliced my
whole eye open and at first I think the
Sam was I laughing at me because I
didn't know what it was and then I put
my head up bleeding everywhere I had to
get like my I glued together it was
really weird but yeah love Tegan Sam
lots and I honestly just wish them the
best
I'm done hello friends okay so now it's
my turn to tell you something mine's
just that Sam was my favorite twin when
I was really little because we had a
song Taylor just me see what I look like
this is my dear okay sorry
uh Annie start again when I started like
obviously I'm like way taller than
taking the same but when I started
dancing they lifted me and now it's like
the complete opposite like these
like throwing me up me and Danielle I'm
Sophie and I'm Sophie and we are the so
peace wins anyway we I'm gonna say that
we love salmon Tegan yes we really do
we're so appreciative of them salmon I
had a favorite song and it was shown by
toasted almond the battery side is hard
it's got to die it's got a blow that
mean and that's how you get the twins a
new father we're back man it's windy out
there yes it is all right so I guys like
brings us to the end of the video thank
you so much we really hope you enjoyed
us eating a lot of food and talking and
stuffing our faces if you really enjoyed
this video comment down below and say if
you did a lot if you didn't that's fine
that's okay remember we also part sounds
good every single Monday only post on
our channel every Thursday so we'll see
you guys next Thursday
glass we just wanted to say a massive
thank you for 4 million subscribers love
you guys and we can't wait to make
videos for you all so you guys in
celebration of us eating 4 million
subscribers we decided to do a bonus
video and is actually an extension of
this video yeah it's a carpool karaoke
there's lots of fun lots of singing
offenses dancing again become it's going
up the same time tomorrow we'll put the
link in the description box below once
it's up here's a little snippet just
kick ya
see ya
