hey guys I'm team I'm Sam and we are
through kitchens welcome back to our
Channel
today we are doing a prom themed
challenge and that challenge is we're
going to see who can find the best prom
dress and the cheapest in a three store
so each suburb has four thrift shops so
I've got them written on this paper the
name of the suburb and whichever one you
pick that's the OP shop section there
you go
I got Velma
I mean I didn't even know that's a good
thing or bad we don't know much yet so
I've got me speak tore apart they love
speeding I me on the other side I only
guys before we get on with this video
I'd be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and give a big thumbs up if you
liked it and don't forget to click that
grey Bell see you guys notified every
time we post a video and we'll be
announcing fan of the week and the
Instagram shot at the end of the day
let's go
his legit no dresses in here like there
colors colors better
eighteen dollars created for progress
this dress was legit like my favorite
but sadly it was a bit over my budget
doing $75 actually really like this
dress spot it wasn't really been the
kind of morning more of like a solid
color this one had a broken hip on the
side and it wasn't really big and about
this one actually really like still it's
quite pretty and had some spots on it
I love this color pink it's so cute like
a baby
thank you
I love this fella like his color red is
like perfect but I wasn't too keen on
the style so guys I just asked the guy
how much the dresses and said eight
bucks but so I don't know how much Sam
bought her dress for but I don't he's
really really cheap I love the gold and
the sequins but I really wanted to wear
a long dress this is just a little bit
too short
I really love the color of this dress
and the style and if they'd be really up
to this almost a similar style I was too
keen on the color but it was so nice
good color on you too I think that's
what actually said it's just stunning
this one was a similar style to the
other two I just tried on I wasn't too
keen on this color either like I want
it's under a little brighter I wasn't
even gonna try this dress on me because
it's just black and I was like no I
definitely want a color thought it was
actually on exam we're back so guys as
you just saw our experiences I have no
idea what Sam's experience was like I
have there's still no idea what your
experience was like so remember guys the
challenges who found the cheapest prom
dress yeah
at the Bristol and also obviously we're
not the nicest yeah and you guys are
gonna decide that I was surprised what
that is a lot yes really
yeah all right so I hope that I chose of
right me too because I just got through
like I was finding it hard to decide I
can't wait to see your dress I feel like
it's like an oldest tag dress but but we
can see the other colors really nice
guarantee you that mine and we have
sparkles I can't this is my dress I'm
gonna dazzle the whole thing no that's
really nice it fits you really well
oh my gosh the back so I'm actually so
impressed these are from secondhand
stores and they were super cheap I mean
we haven't found out the price of it
doesn't fit three two one third of
millets yeah but you said 30 by 15
because that 15 oh thank you I could
have got mine for $8.00 he was like
that's $8 and I was oh really no Indian
news like yeah old dresses without tags
I told Paul didn't have a tag and he
double checked I don't have time so you
so I've got $8 I don't know the old is
cheaper yours is so much she knows
sir Tegan got the cheapest dress so she
ones that positive now you guys have to
comment down below if you like Tina's
dress better or my dress better
or even if you like some of the other
dresses that we tried on okay so on
slide my down below what if he let the
yellow go one than I tried wait it's
just proof that you don't have to you
know pay a million dollars get a nice
dress so guys that brings us to the end
of the video we really hope you enjoyed
it up and the week this week goes to
alia : and after and Queen so thank you
guys so much for commenting on last
week's video if you want to be shouted
out next week or fan of the week all you
do is comment down below on this week's
video so the Instagram shout-out goes to
Anna and let's go and Drona and Reena
thank you so much for liking our photos
on Instagram remember guys we post
videos on the squares every Monday and
we posted our channel every Thursday so
see you guys next
