hey guys I'm taking on San and we are
through kitchens welcome back to a town
today guys we are doing the alphabet
inspired acronyms yes so we are
basically creating in Accra dance using
inspiration from the alphabet yeah so
for example the letter A the first thing
that comes to mind is an error so rule
Chuck and area then B maybe that bridger
of been back so sorry today we join
those two together and you've got a
death yeah so we're gonna make a dance
create a dance from the up me up so guys
before we go with today's video be sure
to subscribe if you haven't and give it
a big thumbs up if you liked it and
don't forget to click that grave al
right next enter and don't forget guys
to fix a grave L next with subscribe
button so you guys are notified every
time in close to video and we'll be
announcing fan of the week and the
Instagram chatter at the end the video
we get let's get on with the alphabet
dance
okay so obviously we already know the
first two letters I ain't be we already
told you got sir and go ahead and it'd
be been back
hey easy a dive acting alright where do
you wanna go
yeah
don't engage so I'm just speaking about
that some that is we can't think of
something so we're just going to skip
those like but if you guys can think of
something for J that we could do that we
didn't think of yeah coming down player
down board so RPG is
Oh
okay Elysian so we have to get up from
my own head sent into an illusion so
again I - I hit spring yes look at don't
lie right now
like
okay let's mix up al gingy land prices
al
yes let's go around again
okay so we're in lampposts or leg in leg
up manfist yeah im decided that for em
we're gonna do map so we're gonna come
up in aspen back hold on to each other
and
you do enjoy handle heading up for that
something different we need to use a
blue bar this will go step together
boss I'm out
all right what's Nick alright so that
was the letter no handy hands right so n
MN o octopus what do we usually do for
Oh over split all right over split valve
going to be different types over to slip
in a partner I'm gonna pull taken in a
notebook
how we gonna get out that gracefully
Altus then we're up to a B C D F G H I K
hey hey we're gonna do pendulum we're
gonna jump down
like so I'm gonna pull and boy I want a
the queue
oh my gosh there's nothing to keep is
there but then a minute so we go
pendulum into s split one two three
split okay that website team
twist yeah so just like
around
wit
you guys comment down below you can
think of an acro trick or in gymnastics
straight starting with you or your
cheerleading stunts like you thought of
unison but it's not really no trick so
what's up do you be wow the end of the
alphabet you guys think of sign for me
comment down below yeah alright so do
that
you all a yes at once yes 30 blocks off
to the x-y have to jump my feet in
yeah sounds good
are we going
yeah
okay guys we just finished the dance
y'all from a dance a whole dance we
don't know how long goes for that dance
could return to totally different if
we've chosen like a backtrack instead of
a or even bad relations for you one to
another so now we have to piece the
dance all together from we believe lots
of mistakes and lots of notice how this
is we have to use the memory but we'll
try and do it straight away without
making mistakes but probably will but
let's have a go on you man five six
seven
by Matthew
Mount
yeah
yep
dancing
no baby that wasn't that too after dance
that it would be dancing in between but
it was just a fun challenge that we
thought maybe really crap you wanna get
together befriend anyone to have a go
yeah and interrupt your comment down
below can you come up with anything for
those ones that we belong so it's get
yeah so nice that brings us to the end
of the video we really hope you enjoyed
this week's video and part saying
this week's fan of the week goes to
goes to Macy Fulton and Bella b√ºndchen
so I think when I so much for commenting
on last week's video it will be family
next all we have to do
and Instagram chat at most - Olivia
McQueen goodbye we hope one of them so
thank you so much for liking operators
on this guy's frag ice remember we post
on spread every Monday and we put some
our Channel every Thursday so we'll see
you guys next Thursday see ya
