hey guys I'm tan I'm Sam and we out the
room kitchens welcome back to our
Channel
today guys we are doing a tutorial on a
backwards walk over by so we hope we can
help you either achieve this trick I'll
help you just with some little tips on
how to improve it or how to make it look
really good and obviously guys this is
believing all the stepping stones to
getting your back handspring so that's
pretty excited you're gonna have to be
able to do a back bend or a bridge
before you do up em back feet over or a
back walkover so if you want to check
out our band back tutorial all you have
to do is click the link in the
description box below
before we get on with the video guys be
sure to subscribe if you haven't already
and give it a big thumbs up if you liked
it and don't forget guys to click that
grave LC under 5 every time we post a
video and we'll all sleeping in naps a
fan of leek and the Easter coachella at
the indices first things first we always
have to warm up sir
this is just a quick montage of us
warming up our back if you'd like a more
in-depth tutorial on how to warm up your
back so check out our back flexibility
tutorial the link will also be in the
description box below and obviously we
also have to warm up our legs if you'd
like to see how we pull up the legs the
link will be in the description box
below
so to start off you go back into your
back bend
then you are going to put one foot
closer towards your hands and point your
preferred leg when you do this your
weight naturally you should push on to
your shoulders then you're going to kick
your preferred leg over into a split
while lifting your head up and then
you're done if you're finding that
really difficult and that's okay
find a race platform to actually help
you kick over so make sure this raised
platform is stable and it can be
basically anything give me a mattress it
could be a step a box any so for example
this is our race platform so you'll
stand as close as you can to the
platform to begin with I'm going to go
back into your bridge put your leg that
you're stepping in first on the ledge
and point your preferred leg just like
you do on the floor and then push your
way back on your shoulders lift your
head up and kick over you'll find that
that's so easy because basically you're
already halfway over you don't have to
do any work it's awesome okay so is that
a kicking all the way from the floor
you're already halfway there so that
definitely helps and then obviously when
you can do that your brace platform will
then get lower and then ever till you do
don't yeah so once you do it on the big
platform you can then find a lower
platform so that you get more of an idea
of how to do on your own and then
eventually the attitude on the ground
so that's the beginner way and once
you've got that then you can try the
more advanced way which is starting your
leg out in front of you and slightly
raised if you're more dense some people
get really nervous starting with their
leg out in front that's okay you just
have to be confident and pretend as
though you're doing a normal back bend
so the same technique your arms go up
your head goes back first so you can see
where you're going you'll find that your
leg naturally lifts when you go back
anyways as you member phoedo
and if you'd like you can then go on to
this which is very advanced so you
definitely pay your leg up as high as
you can go and then you go back from
there
so we're just gonna summarize just to
reinforce those really important tips
down can you please demonstrate so
you're gonna go back into your back band
or bridge when you step your leg in you
want to step as close as you can to your
hand
your weight goes back onto your
shoulders you point your preferred leg
as you kick into your splits you want to
pick your head up so you're looking that
way and that forces your leg over and as
always guys don't forget your technique
stretch your knees and point your toes
to make it look nice and new but when
you point your leg it's so straight the
entire way over it does it go in and up
so as you can see here Sam's not even
starting with the bent leg and then she
doesn't even stretch it you haven't
learned how to do it today or you picked
up some tips so it corrected your
technique and remember eyes like we
always say you might not get it in one
day and that's okay so just keep trying
and going and going and get there
this week's out of the week goes to
Karen and Connie and also I'm not sure
but thank you so much for commenting on
lasting all you have to do is comment
down below on this week's video and
Instagram Soccer South 10 thank you so
much for liking our instagram guys
remember we post so it's good every
monday ill post on our channel and every
Thursday so we'll see you guys next
Thursday say
