hey guys I'm TIA I'm Sam and we are
three kittens welcome back to our
Channel
so today guys it's my turn to continue
the challenge from last week and we are
copying someone's Instagram and that
Instagram is shiny agreement if you
haven't checked out my video when I
transformed into Lilly Brown last week
be sure to check that out we'll put the
link in the description box below so
basically how this works if you didn't
watch last week's video I choose fire
photos from shiny German Instagram and
should buy copies and I'm completely
trying to go try and copy the background
could be shoes accessories how her hair
is make up the little makeup changes how
to change my hair the photos so we had
to do it like different days this week
yeah lots of detail before we get on
with today's video guys be sure to
subscribe if you have it ready and give
it a big thumbs up if you liked it don't
forget guys click that gray belty are
notified every time we post a video and
guys will be announcing better the week
and the Instagram shot at the end of the
video sir
so guys for the first pick Q pick this
one SHINee took in New York's obsolete
we're not my only York City yeah we hear
back already yeah
nah so we thought okay let's just go to
a city and take a photo in the middle of
a crosswalk but it was so hard to find a
crosswalk we actually we had no cross
because we live eating white like panels
and then BAM one came out of nowhere
because I swear I was the only one in
the city and they're lucky with and then
almost we had to check the senior e out
to make sure it was kind of similar
honestly we're not gonna have the exact
same building but we will not ride it we
had to get like the right angle but yet
so lucky this street wasn't too busy but
I didn't have to wait for the traffic to
go cuz it was a crosswalk if zoomed out
on that and there's a way to me anyway
in this one the weather looks quite bad
so gloomy and it kind of was a gloomy
day when we do this right and also I
never got the picture just right and
then we noticed in the corner that there
was this road sign that music is
completely ruining the pic cuz obviously
she doesn't have that in her picture
yeah
and so I actually went over and I
thought I'm gonna move this sign I was
pretty happy with this picture now let
me just finish pick one and now we're
off to pick to you guys now have to
write the picture out of ten so just
write people on and then whatever you
write it out of town yeah this was
picture number two I really like this
picture of Joanie she looks really cool
yeah it's really long and lush so we had
the denim jacket we actually already had
the fishnets from a dance that we did
yeah um I had two boots like this but my
boots had like a clear heel so I had to
put black sticky tape on the heel and
then so in the kitchen you can't notice
that I've got sticky tape heels but no
no no not their black boots now I had to
go buy a plain black tea and then I just
cut the exact same oh yeah she's kind of
standing on decking and then this bamboo
in the back and I'm like I don't know if
we can get all that in one he kind of
reminded me of Missouri no look we'll
just go to the zoo and find a backdrop
just like that it's too tempted to get
in just for the photo and so like okay
this isn't working so so then we
actually just drove around the zoo area
cause like people who live around the
zoo that's like already planned
I really look after their garden so we
just went looking for this type of plant
we got an area with a large backdrop of
green plants you know so we just went
with that so that grounds not on point
but I hope that what I did in the
picture yeah
so you guys have to again rate is pick
out test so put the picture I thought I
could easily go into rebel sports store
and fuck my crop top in the adverse
trackies because I swear they're in
there every time and this time when I
mean new wasn't none of this was the day
before I was I um I can't really buy a
different ending so then I was like oh
one of my friends I'm pretty sure has
these cropped up so thankfully she let
me borrow it even though she's in
America and your mom had put a little
better box but we got there and then for
the pants basically the same thing
because you can find the pants you know
in the shops as well so in Philly my
brother's girlfriend had a pair of these
gray out and ass pants I mean they
weren't exactly the same like and this
was written on the other side of like
okay and also down at us was written in
Wyatt Sue's I'm undercover and
announcing black day yeah I didn't suck
tape it wasn't even navy blue which is
my color but hopefully looking
the big gray wall that she's turning
next week was actually quite easy
they're starving your eyes around way so
hopefully the backdrop is good yeah but
you guys have to decide - I write that
one out of ten pick number four is this
picture right here so this is this was
Chinese like festival look she put this
photo up on Instagram and I loved it the
Lord he was just like so jittery out
there so I'm I don't mind any other
dance yeah like he has knit stockings on
in like high-waisted briefs like yeah
this one you had to buy the theory
jacket online and you love that jacket
anyway so so Canyon one online shopping
for this jacket also found another
jacket I go oh karela - bill is that you
it's not you
so as you can see guys in this picture
Shaunie is wearing this really massive
like silver coin necklace it's very
obvious in the pictures so we had to go
out and find that yeah and you actually
found something like I'm very happy
beautiful circle the highways to break
lucky I already had one from a show that
we did in sunny be about good and in the
Brits I just use the same boots as
before and the stockings we bought them
online like a minute so you got so again
with this one the outfit was pretty good
what she's standing in front of it looks
kind of like a bond or light beam that
was kind of hard to find so we found
something similar or exactly buys we
want to run for like Bella
so like the white and we want like the
lines
so right feet number four out of ten so
this is the final pick so this one was
pretty easy all I had to do was get a
pink hoodie which had to buy on likes
actually I don't have a pink hoodie and
then I had to print off a face of Drake
because she has one oh yeah
I had to print one off and then just
spin it on in and I just took it right
now
I took oh yeah baby's thicker down the
deck card down and we took a photo yes
so overall that one was pretty easy yeah
I'm not sure you guys let us know yep so
again for the final pick number five out
of ten what do you rate it
hey guys that brings us to the end of
the channel have you guys enjoyed
watching us to eat this YouTube craze if
you'd like us to do anyone else in the
future yes just let us know down below
we are always open to your ideas because
we actually had a lot of fun doing it
it's a lot of work but it's fun it was
different
yeah so yeah this week's fan of the week
goes to Maya Dowd and Maria Henry clip
thanks guys for your amazing comment and
if you'd like to be shouted out on next
week's video all you have to do is
comment down below on this week's video
guy's face on screen every Monday and we
post on our channel every Thursday so
we'll see you guys next Thursday
