hey guys I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we are
your curtains welcome back to our
channel in today's video we're showing
you guys what we've been eating lately
to stay nice and healthy while we dance
and accurate or do ballet and do other
countries and also a bit of an insight
into what we get up to
is in collaboration with the lights on
app which is an app that we've recently
started using and it's really helping us
keep track of staying healthy in our
busy week lifestyle there's a health and
weight loss app that allows you to track
your food and workout find healthy
recipes and meal plans so we have the
premium version that gives us full
access to the recipes and meal plans but
there is also a free version that you
can download obviously feel free so guys
before we get on with the video be sure
to subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
and don't forget to click that gray bell
right next to the subscribe button if
you'd like to be notified every time and
also we'll be announcing fan of the week
and Instagram shout out at the end of
media so stay tuned for that
let's go eat because I'm angry okay so
usually for breakfast we either have a
healthy cereal or we have smashed ammo
on the tools so Sam's gonna be showing
you exactly what we have when we have
cereal and I'll show you what we do when
we have poached eggs and other so when I
have cereal I have two weet-bix of here
almonds some cashews walnuts goji
berries and some chia seeds you can
handle knows it and to top it off some
fresh strawberries so last we have
almond milk which is a lot healthier
than full cream and Hollow milk
so you add breakfast and then you can
either type in what it is or you can
easily scan the barcodes you just press
scan barcode okay so I just scan through
everything I put in my breakfast ball
which is so cool you can do it works
like that yeah and then it tells you
exactly how many kilojoules are in each
ingredient that you put into the bowl
automatically it comes up with like a
face like a Modi next to it and it has
like a happy face or a sad face so
obviously happy you know that you're
it's healthy and it's good but if it's a
sad face you can then click onto that
and then then it tells you why it's not
such a good thing
so guys we're just about to do some
ballet practice as we have our final
ballet exam coming up and I think July
of this year so we already do two hours
of ballet at the studio Bobby II like to
practice at home a few days a week so
that's what we're doing today guys would
ya look at our ballet bar yeah and also
the air conditioning is on fleek today
thank you bit of vitamin D for us as
well
oh my god so we just finished our ballet
practice obviously you need to source
snippet of it but normally we try to do
about an hour of that
the app has sent me a notification and
it says mill reminder time for snacks
also guys can I just say that I've just
learnt now that you can actually put a
cute picture of your breakfast that's
cool
yeah so now we're filling up on the
applesauce ends you like little
reminders to drink water during the day
just in case you forget like Tegan who
always forget so you can have a goal of
how much water you'd like to drink in a
day
so we just finished our choreography for
the day and ran through our ballet so
now we are hungry and it's time for
lunch so I'm gonna make us meet ent
gonna show you how she does her smoothie
ball
this is like our go-to smoothie even
though we love to try and different
smoothies but yeah this is definitely a
virtue so yeah banana strawberry honey
and almond milk
so guys we just have a look at the
ingredients how we put into this movie
and everything else was good except the
honey gave us a really really sad face
up it gave us that face when you have
the premium version you can then go in
and see why that bad
hey guys tonight padena we're having
cake and salad thank you mom for cooking
this beautiful Cape full of goodness and
butyl stuff a treat I've got a carrot
tomorrow
ie this little dudes five bucks off any
self gift
he's come to visit he's here for dinner
and we were having cake so what I really
love about the app is that he can go on
and look at recipes and you know that
they are all healthy because they own in
search of smoothies or a salad do you
know much breakfast it's all there and
that's like they're heaps of different
recipes and something that I really like
about the app is that when you first
create your profile it asks you what
your goal is to be healthier lose weight
or gain weight so obviously you keep one
of them and then the mill plans and
everything will be specific to you and
your goal so you guys that brings us to
the end of this week's video we hope you
enjoyed getting a little insight into
what we eat to stay healthy
yes and what we do and if you guys would
like to try this app out or give it a go
we'll put the link down in the
description below this week's fan of the
week goes to Misha Smith and Caroline
Kim thank you so much for commenting on
last week's video to be shouted out next
week for fan of the week all you have to
do is comment down below on this week's
video and the Instagram account goes to
Lydia trampoline thank you so much for
liking our photos on Instagram remember
guys we boys don't squared every Monday
and we post on auto every Thursday so
we'll see you guys next Thursday
