hey guys I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we are
through curtains welcome back to our
Channel guys it's 2018 so decided to do
the ultimate flipping into 2018
challenge and this challenge is made up
of three round the first wrapping you
can do the most consecutive backwards or
back handsprings in a row the second one
is who can do the most forward walkovers
in a room and the third one is who can
do the most side aerials in a row so at
the end obviously it's best out of three
whoever wins the most challenges I guess
is the win so before we go with the
video guys - be sure to subscribe and
yeah Murray and give it a thumbs up if
you liked it and if you'd like to be a
part of the notification squad and will
be announcing fan of the week and
Instagram chatter at the end of the
video all right so I'm going to follow
you along and count with you okay
flipping into 2018 and guys this is the
morning so we're a bit about your night
but we're gonna push through and smash
this challenge are you ready 3 2 1 and 1
2 3 5 6 7
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 20 how am
I meant to do 20 oh how do you feel teen
dizzy yeah do that
Oh something the force and again saying
I'm pop not even know I'm pretty papa
yeah but I reckon the more you did this
challenge you could probably like the e
record each time but yeah if we did this
more I feel like we could do more but we
haven't done this and say alright you're
upset you're up next
beautiful execution are you ready so you
have to be 20 I'm still puffing ready
set go one two three five six how do you
feel alright the next challenge is the
war over gel so I'm taking clearly one
that logic room are can you're gonna
maybe
see another finger up first okay okay
when you're in one two three five six
seven
alright guys I'm not gonna be out do
20-20-20 so I need 20 see are you ready
for it they're legit I don't know if I
can return it bum gonna drag it goes hot
oh yeah good luck
see out there ok whoa come around T and
ready have to try and beat twenty and
three two one and go
what let's start again shall we
and one two three
for
five six seven eight nine ten eleven so
13 14 15 16 17 17 well that's pretty
good act struggled for I got so the
schools of the moment of one all so this
is obviously a designing around the
brownies or the side areas and this time
whoever's not going he's gonna go for a
walk so the other person doesn't know
what to beat to ultimately what do you
think so it is whoever starts the most
rather me thinking of TV to 10 I'm gonna
do 12
one two and three
twenty-two twenty-three twenty-four go
in a circle - 25 26
hey ready to you so you're doing a last
round of sidewalk
Ronny's both side area some people like
to go okay ready Oh anger one two three
59 20 21 22 23 24
three-five oh my gosh outside please
don't do it 26 cuz I do 26 9 bowed so
which meant I need putting 5 what are we
gonna do we have to have a decide around
now 25 wait 20 miles like that we both
won so because we worked got a draw and
we happened divide to get 25 which is
insane we're gonna leave that as a draw
we don't know what we'll do a rematch
later it's people and that's the end of
the video we hope you guys enjoyed it
but before we go we need to do family
so if end the week this week goes to
Laura and Jennifer and Davey Clark
so thank you so much for commenting on
last week's video if you won't be
shouted out next week for fan of the
week then all you have to do is comment
down below this week's you guys comment
down below what you want to see us do in
2018 so any video ideas that you can
think of that you want to city any
Instagram shoutout goes to you allies
are Reds if Hodgkin so many of you guys
have such I hope you said that correctly
but yeah thank you so much for backing
up Otis on Instagram and that's it for
us guys remember we post on Square every
Monday and we posted our channel every
Thursday so we'll see you guys next
Thursday see ya
