hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we are
through visions welcome back in today's
video we are doing a DIY Christmas gift
and that's pretty cool
am I giving it away so today we're going
to show you guys how to create a
chocolate cookie and you can actually
eat it and today we're showing you guys
how to make a chocolate coke bottle so
you can actually eat so not sure if you
can eat it and we're going to build up
with also those of you that aren't a fan
of normal chocolate I'm going to make a
white chocolate milk bottle using green
chocolate filled with these sentiments
too but before we do not this sort of
subscribe if you haven't already and
then give a big thumbs up if you like it
so first of all you mean an empty pot so
you have to end your contents into
something
and if you have extra cat a dog okay and
you need to wash out your bottle before
we move on to the next step you need to
make sure that the inside of the bottle
is nice and dry and this is how to do
that by sticking some paper into the
bottle and using a stick to swish around
to get all the sides
it's a to soak up over water yeah or you
can just leave it outside
and then you have a dropper
so after the inside of the bottle is
completely dry you can carefully remove
the label because we're using that later
so as carefully as we can peel it from
the next seven is breaking up the
chocolate
so because my bubble is a little bit
bigger than Sam's coke bottle I brought
out another half of Wacha top right
right and now we're going to take our
chocolate over to the hot stove where
our water is already boiling ready to
each other
this is the most satisfying thing if
your stress no chocolate so now that we
need you chocolate into the bottle okay
we don't have a funnel which is a bad
very fun fun over the other yeah even
that a funnel you can still do it so I'm
just twisting the bottle around just to
make sure that all the chocolate is even
around the bottom well as even as
possible to quicken this process up we
are going to put in the fridge before we
put the eminence this the exciting time
of this process has come so the time has
come when we are going to put the
indents inside the bottle now you can
fill it up as much as you like and with
anything enamel teases nerds skittles
whatever you design because it's
Christmas we've decided to put the
Christmas theme
now comes the pot where we are going to
take the container off the chocolate
bubble we're going to try this with this
we could get one little we were happy
with it yeah look at that that is
Estonian Bravo everyone you guys do have
a go and see if you do it better
suit up all the tents we have the quick
photo so I had really high hopes plus we
made a new snack wrap dream chocolate
M&Ms now this is not easy it you have to
be very careful and down it's a major
operation
no thank you we have to be very careful
look so good your Sam is here we
actually made something that works
there's M&Ms inside but here are a few
handy tips like tip number one be sure
to buy the melting chocolate because we
figured that maybe the coke work because
we actually use melting chocolate
whereas with the white chocolate milk
bottle we use just normal
tip number two let's see that as the
chocolate in you have to make sure you
keep rolling it so then you get the
chocolate all the way around tip number
three make sure you put it in the
freezer so it
raises rather than trying to cut it when
it's melting is it just not work so
freeze up and you'll be great to come
 you both here is the moment of
truth we are about to cut it in the
bottle
three years later that's awesome
and that brings us to the end of the
video please comment down below if you
really want to give this a go and if you
failed or if you succeeded we'll see you
guys next time on good nice and even
yeah the Christmas gift that we will be
making Christmas M&Ms in there because
it is in fact a Christmas gift tip and
for those of you they don't diet like
after you pour it over the chocolate and
continue to roll it don't just sit there
and go any fun for those of you but
before we do that this other guy and
this week's fan of the week goes to
Isabella's life and Layla
