hey guys I'm Katie I'm Sam and we up the
Ruka twins
welcome back to our Channel so today we
are doing a fashion challenge which
means we're going up against each other
and we are trying to buy the trying out
by each other's outfit yeah so you have
to buy each other a summer outfit we
have ten minutes to get the outfit and
then you guys are gonna decide which
outfit you like that so you guys have to
come in after with you like my album Sam
or sense outfit yeah yeah confusing and
we're gonna be shopping from the safe
shop but we're obviously going in at
different times so before we get on with
the video be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give it a big thumbs
up if you liked it be sure to click that
bell so you get notified every time we
post video and we'll be announcing fan
of the week at the end of the video so
stay tuned
oh it's our team it is on
I haven't locked a white denim skirt
I'm gonna ask you to have an 8 on the
gummy so I really wanted this outfit
fatiguing but unfortunately the dummy
had a 6 on it so that meant that there
was no 8 and tings a size 8 so I was
like no I can't get this out and so it's
going to get it
you're done all right to determine who
wants to showed the outfit first all
over see that yeah so just a seven one
three thanks bro
Pegasus I'll give my
sure yeah I'm loving the details first
of all yellow the color the Sun oh you
guys would know what's going on there if
you loved it so much fun what size is
this sad it where did you do that for
night all right I got the one off the
dummy because I already checked on the
rack and those nice house Hey yeah
matching it does 2x we both got each
other problem is we've got each other
the same thing can't maybe found an
eight I swear I looked outside ten
twelve and I was gonna find your wife in
for under as well I love it
you like it yeah well these outfits are
gonna go great together
all right let's ok trying on let's go
getting Sam come in stunning if I'm not
say so myself
oh dude I love this top we did pretty
good yeah he's totally a matching not
they guys so guys now it's time to you
to comment down below whether you're
like kangin's outfits or Sam or Sam's
outfit so I love this outfit of sleek so
we're going to get the petite as well
the color is so nice and the age is a
really good fit cuz I tried on the
six-inch
it was good time so this is given and
the topping time really good material
it's really well I like the v-neck so
obviously I love the color yellow so
good choice in the color Sam thank you I
love being next because they just look
really nice I'm like everyone um I love
belts and I love that this is a
different belt to what I have because I
have this exact same belt but it blacks
a little bit different watch yours I
like that they've got the rib detail
here and yeah sir
good job Sam to the end of the
fashion-challenged I remember to comment
down below who you think won this
challenge and also a fan of the week
this week is Zoey Rey and Keaton Graham
so I thank you guys so much for
commenting on our video last week we
love reading all your comments so if you
want to be fan of the week next week
then you just have to comment on this
week's video remember guys we post
videos on Twitter every Monday and we
post on this channel every Thursday so
see you guys next Thursday
