hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we are
the ring kittens welcome back guys today
we are doing a tin ski tutorial you guys
may call them forward welcome as we call
them see you guys we're gonna hopefully
give you some tips and tricks on how to
get your full walkover if you already
have your Ford walkover maybe these tips
and tricks might help your technique or
prepare you for a area worker if you
guys would like us to do an aerial
walkover then let us know in the
comments down below and we'll be sure to
speed up before we get on with today's
video be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give it a big thumbs
up if you like it and don't forget to
click that bell so you guys are notified
every time we post a video and we'll
also be announcing fan of the week at
the end of the video so stay tuned so
before we do anything we must warm up
our muscles so we're gonna do some
cardio exercise that gets the heart
racing and warms up the whole body
shoulders out back and unlike
we're gonna show you guys is something
that would help you with strength so
that you can actually pull yourself up
in your hold the exercise with this
stretch it's really important that you
keep that leg straight and you don't let
your foot with the ground
be sure to repeat this exercise on both
legs and if you feel strong enough you
can try it by yourself so if you don't
have a partner or someone to hold you up
you can find something else to hold on
to to help you thank you so the first
thing you do is prepare so you present
your arms nicely and point your
preferred leg then you're going to place
your hands on the floor and kick up as
if you're doing a handstand but instead
of putting your legs together you'll
stay in a script
you must make sure your head is up your
legs are straight and youto support it
then from here you keep bending your
back and that first leg touches the
floor and you have a flat foot then you
push your hips forward put your weight
on that supporting leg and come
well done Teigen so now we're going to
show you guys some common mistakes that
people do in their four-door coupe here
we go folks
some people might put their head the
wrong way here Sam is demonstrating
where she's not looking at the floor
which makes it very difficult to come up
and disk even though she just did it it
is so important for you to look at the
floor the entire time of your forward
walkover and your head is the last thing
to come up
another common mistake that people might
do is not bend their back enough in a
tinsukia this means their foot is way
too far out it makes it very difficult
to come up see Sam is struggling here to
get up inherited speed so it's really
important that you get your leg as close
as you possibly can to your hands
obviously the looser you are the easier
it is to get up once your foot hits the
ground it's important that your knee
goes over your toes and your hips lean
forward when you push your hips forward
your knee automatically goes over your
toes and then you are able to stand up
because your weight is in the correct
position it's really important to keep
your arms by your ears the entire time
arms must stay straight elbows near your
ears and fingers fully stretched now
sake show us one where your arms are
going everywhere and go it just doesn't
look as clean
so once you've mastered you forward walk
up you can move on to a variety of other
tricks
and that brings us to the end of the
tutorial guys we hope you learned
something today or we hopefully help you
perfect
you're all welcome ups that seems to be
in some way comment down below if you
guys would like to see us teaching
forward walk over with my hands neck
area lock up remember guys nothing with
apricot the easy no takes a lot of
practice and repetition so don't give up
the video again the first time to join
alright guys man of the week this week
goes to Olivia Slade and Heather game
thank you so much guys for your amazing
comments and if you'd like to be shouted
out in our next week's video all you
have to do is comment on this week's
remember we post on squared every Monday
and we post on this channel every
Thursday so we'll see you guys next
Wednesday
