hey guys I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we are
the ripka turns welcome back to our
Channel today we are doing as a full
tray on bikini haul for you guys yeah
and we've ordered from Sephora for and
we've had a really good experience
they're really cheap and there's heaps
of variety and they're really glittery
as well so you guys like any of the
pieces that we have or that we try on
for you guys today be sure to check them
out by clicking the links in the
description box for the people we get on
with the today's video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't and give it a
big thumbs up if you like it and don't
forget to click the bell so that you get
notified every time I post a video and
we will be announcing fan of the week at
the end of the video so stay tuned so
our first pair of babies these are the
only like sort of doggies don't you pair
as in they look great in everything but
it to be winter fool you can only get
small medium or large
like so we got small but somehow they're
not these are more like a medium for us
I love the style of this full piece and
I love the candy stripes and there's a
lot my awesome yeah the boom and white
looks really nice and then it's got
inbuilt padding which we love and
somehow I'm gonna make it work but a
little bit big but next we have pretty
much the same thing but different except
two-piece obviously but these are really
cute they've got a little tie up here
they're strapless and I really like
these two because it's so odd it comes
with a joke it came with the choker guys
but we thought that's kind of really
quirky and cool cuz I like check it so
yeah so that's really different if you
like that so these fit really well
yeah the fit was really good and too
much I had another boob tube as well but
this time this has got
so these are the next pet whatever I
need to look at snow at background
Monica's off but we love high-waisted
anything so high-waisted bikini bottom
and obviously they come with a matching
top it's a halt in there I love home to
neck tops
hey it's matching what we're wearing
we're loving red and yellow right now
that's good and also you don't have to
tie this up at the back you just live a
moment yeah and it fit really well so
this wasn't loose at all get me very
well so I really haven't we defeated
these like these are you guys hungry for
pizza I love that so much yeah this is
pretty such a vibrant red yeah so much
so then I got this mermaid I love that
Sookie I really really like these two
leotards
we look at this and I'm like it's a
limit I'm good where that to gymnastics
that's good hashtag mermaid mermaid yes
I really love how I say like quirky
things on
okay so then I just got this red bikini
and I really like the bones today's
they're not too cheeky and I really like
the detail of the little opening here at
the sides on the bottoms and then this
top doesn't look like a bikini top when
you first yeah you get it you're like
and how does this go it again and
originally this wasn't tied up either
sir but I'm gonna keep that tied up
because that helps me trying to figure
out this to a student oh yes so once you
get tie if you get this one the
crisscross want to get it tie when it's
on then take it off and then you'll be
fine for the next time and I really like
this because it's not just you know it
has a little bit more detail than just
oh yeah
alright guys so for the next set we
pretty much got matchy except mine's
just a little bit of a brighter color
blue really nice bottoms they fit us
really well and it was the same as Sam's
blue and white striped at the beginning
just see our different color and thicker
stripes
these cap sleeves which I love and yeah
it gives you more confidence it will
stay up in the water because it is a
strapless so yeah so when you dive in um
anyway see ya so we're really happy with
these hunts so my next one was this pink
full piece I love that color so much all
the colors just whoa but yeah written
Bobby respects a full piece from back
absolutely love this my love the color
and the fit was really good the only
thing was there was no padding which I
like a bit of padding in there but
otherwise amazing love this one we did
try these on at the beach but
unfortunately no distress here to be but
then we come up with the idea that we
were gonna do a DIY to make these work
so we're gonna try them on can you guys
now and we're gonna cut this strap in
the middle and then you've tied to get
close like cute little boats kinda
all right so you want to try this out
Tina go try them up so what are we
thinking
um gonna keep in the little better yeah
that's cool
see instead of chucking on this madness
so these are the last ones that we have
to show you again full piece but these
ones are a different type of material
they have a shine to them I love ya the
material that has a charge to sigh
really different and also that came with
padding so that was like tick tick tick
tick tick yay and thanking us really
well so yeah I'm really happy I would
even wear this with some denim shorts
and like as a summer outfit as well so
then II can't go to beach yeah but you
better needin good shots yeah so yeah I
really like them so guys that brings us
to the end of the baby girl we hope you
enjoyed this week's video and remember
if you'd like any of these papers or to
check out the both the website link is
in the description box below and the
links to all the pages that live all
today okay guys look there the week this
week goes to Nicole Jones and Ruby Scott
so thank you guys so much for commenting
on our videos we really appreciate it if
you would like the chance to be shouted
out all you have to do is comment on
today's video and then next week you
might shout it out remember we post
videos and skirt every Monday and we
post on our channel every Thursday so
we'll see you guys next Thursday
