hey guys I'm taking exam and we are the
riperton's welcome back to our Channel
so today we're in Vegas yes the amazing
Vegas this places in say actually is so
much to look at and we're staying at
Caesar's Palace which is famous from the
movie The Hangover which is really a
book because the hotel is so amazing we
thought we'd show you guys a little bit
around and especially around the pool
cuz it's so nice and we're going to do
some acro in gymnastics in and around
the pool
so before we get on with the video be
sure to subscribe if you haven't already
and give it a big thumbs up if you like
it there's like
so guys that brings us to the end of the
video we hope you enjoyed watching
comment down below if you've ever been
to Las Vegas or if you'd like to get sir
never got me first once with every
Monday and we first own this channel
every Thursday so see you guys next
lesson yeah
