hey guys I'm Tina I'm Sam and we are
three kittens welcome back today we are
continuing on with my video last week
where we talked about and I don't know
how of the experience and we reacted
about so if this week we've decided to
react to you absolutely final video
so again it was the most amazing
experience that we ever had but beyond
evil we get on with the video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
let me show to click that Bell so you
guys are notified every time I post yes
sir he waits to get a look and I'm not
with both lumps
yeah hey the mayor called us and said we
got same way to rather than make 6 and
would like exacting like a week so we
had to quickly plan perhaps choreograph
do not only only two weeks it was a
full-on to me let me go there's news yep
we practice every day
the stage was so slippery the hat trick
that we do you think uh perhaps we could
even do that to it yet sleeping mask it
perhaps had no grips a bit of slip then
I asked us on what effects would you
guys like you know the backdrop so my
brother's more exciting because that's
what they told us in the semi-finals
that they can do anything with like sets
and stuff like that we said that at the
end fireworks really apply so the big
day of the performance came we have be
good yeah we can do this
yeah we didn't know I actually loved the
new ones how they didn't have a good
time and they had to show the interview
no then races are dangerous one wrong
move could be fatal they told them so
you did have a salt bath and like the I
found out to be a dangerous but like
that's so dramatic right guys okay yeah
that's apparently nothing we actually I
put my hat in our own spot if I said
whoopsies it was movie I love it at
least yeah
ah effects in the background here I'm in
damn dude that's right he looks like
right now he says at the end of the
block and going yeah this is is Gary
browning off this is Sasha hi
my scariest part of their evening
yeah there's all the pressure to make
sure you don't drop a hat oh I did oh
sorry I find any one thing yeah you just
ditch into the audience we're just about
here we're really dying we're running
out of breath you like pushing yourself
through reminiscences yeah we never
performed it anywhere else the pound the
alarm used to do it competitions and
things like that
no by pilots we will like dying it to
get out right away and we're on tonight
flour some of this permanent confidence
Emma oh he just said shut up you're
doing mom like I don't think it's a
twinsies thing but you're so
synchronized no I'm into bracket every
day every second of the day
I feel like they know like no you
probably do though yes each one comment
was really awesome really nice Wow he
simply missing accomplice that's amazing
what are we doing and if we go into the
next round we would change our act so
it's more like and get to know us and
personality or would tell a story forget
apples and everything will really happy
with how we went but yeah the judges
comment to a mixed I had some really
talented people and ever so we flew back
home in and they rang
and we've got in the top four house and
I'm like yeah we didn't get the top
highest votes out of the three so no I
went through it yes so that was up to
the judges those between us and a big
group of boy dance funny both grew a lot
of Bionic weird either the judges liked
and loved about it we convert it for us
yeah called it yeah the baby thank God
thank you
so yes Tommy had to leave the show it
sounds like we admitted it was bad line
so I actually invited us back to you do
it like a little special performance for
the grand final part so all in all
amazing experience yeah incredible
experience and I'd do it again
comment down below if you like our
audition performance or our semi final
performance better which one do you like
that so that today's video we hope you
guys enjoyed it be sure to watch us on
this great week we post every Monday we
press there with little zone our channel
so see you guys next time
