hey guys I peed on em and we up the
market and welcome back down today we're
doing some stretches that are going to
help with your legs less ability and in
particular you'll slip yes and we older
I split up so important I hope with your
legs
I hope your kicks might help with your
till our backs in balance and everything
so yeah people we go with the tutorial
today be sure to subscribe you can write
and get a big thumbs up if you like it
if I'm going to program your guys to get
notified every time the first edition so
luckily we did a tutorial on back
flexibility and I'm still doing legs
today because next week we are doing
backpack tutorial so if you talk too
much lock weights back personally
tutorial equal be in the description box
cool okay we have this video helped you
in some way
I remember guys flexibility doesn't come
over and I have to do it every single
day if not every day at least on a
regular basis and you guys will see
results let's get on with the video
occupy you I love them are ready to go
heavy stress so it looks like yes
doesn't stretch out our hamstrings go
straight arms up when fire can lift and
separate your fun and they let them go
down far you can make sure you hold big
stretch for at least 10 to 15 seconds
take a deep breath in and out while you
stretch and for an even deeper stretch
flex your feet up and try for your
elbows on the floor now you can put your
head down or keep your head up the next
thing we're going to do is grab a sport
without opposite hand bring up to about
45 degrees and then you're going to
reach that for even survive hamstring
stretch and then of course the odds that
wench old angry so now we're moving on
to London which really helps your hip
flexor and also works your hamstrings
off make sure you hit subscribe eighteen
deduction or your bus and your biscuit
board making sure that your Q is
underneath your nation we try not to do
this
so that big lunge and this is really
working York etcetera so the more you
push down obviously the increase in
luckily that you've understood we having
Edwin floor and you can then you to me
or your next we're going to stretch our
hamstrings so we're going to push back
stretch our legs
now I'm not lift up and lean forward
with our head up nice and slow to your
hands touchable so obviously we're
trying to get our chest as much as we
can or violence or you know if you keep
pulling your hips in line great book
party prepared to a pretty
next we're going to move into an even
bigger lunge slash it works on labels
Takako under stretch our back knee down
carefully off the floor and try it out
to give out here birth and then if you
feel really adventurous because you're
under now sure your knees nice and
straight and I'll put the lower your hip
goes before the better sister so now
we're moving to a stretch my hand on the
floor or your left leg in making sure
your photos in the same direction
so now you put your hands back further
for a little stretch and bring even
further stress we're going to go into
forward stretch from a flat back that's
killer out here that's the difference so
once we finish those stresses on the
right leg obviously have to do your left
weight as well and then we're ready to
go into a quit I'm jogging you're going
to look correctly exciting a new york
liked it make sure your knee is in mind
your foot and you're so seriously
pointed the hands go down with by again
making sure your hips stay square now if
you're into it and you even you live
here safe in the front
nice timing to learn you can jump it to
your front foot and hi Jimmy we're going
to see you need yeah make sure respected
people in a hot nanny once you
accomplish your flat but you don't want
to set another goal and get an over
split so Sam is using a yoga block to
increase her stress even more because
when you do elite elliptical is much
better in delivered up Cheerios rather
than jump in the trade line yes so I'm
going to get that over spring the moment
who you are the key is to get your legs
up seemingly or images and also those
are small so this with one yoga book and
then that easy
you can move on for two and three if one
or two or three boxes comfortable then
you can increase it it more abundant in
your arms I've been holding it or in
limiting forward or even losing track
though all healthy in between those
videos WI
and to get continued back leg a lot of
people just do whether then front leg
flexes in but don't forget your back leg
in this clip as well
he sounds really good arabic and believe
someone who's got the old block under
you really try and get your knee off the
ground and hold every and then ones up
to release in their racket you do that
if you generate and once you don't you
can try on sometimes the blocks can fall
over opening my coded put so if you
don't want that to happen make sure you
put your whole foot on yeah
so guys that brings us to the end of the
video I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and we hope you learned something don't
forget about our video from loving that
flexibility that we'll be right there
hopefully remember we post videos on the
square channel every Monday and we
perceive you as an outcome of every
Thursday so see you guys next Center see
ya
