taking what's gonna my gosh I'm wanting
this like it's on PCs actually just
we're on a bus just for us you know so
much
and
keep some Wednesday yeah we go staying
in the Cadillac so Angela and a slight
view of cinema they laughs back giving
things ago
the guy's gay though stay tuned here in
LA and we're off to get some brekkie
alrighty so we found a place
Oh My lordy that was amazing routine
still enjoying it seriously that was
incredible beauty and when the poster
make my way downtown walking fast faces
pass and I'm home bound dating cuz you
know I guys we found our next wall we
are we found the wings of famous wings
now we get away in London big
here we are the Hollywood Walk of Fame
let's go to Sprinkles Cupcakes and ice
cream yeah cuz we need Wi-Fi hopefully
bang about that hopefully a sprinkles
have gone by if they don't have to just
track it something from the sprinkles
ATM machine yeah wrinkles they have an
ATM where you can get cupcakes out at
any time we order and Sprinkles Cupcakes
what do we need tea what are we getting
touched to begin yes over here
so taking homer in there you go and then
mum was about to open the and he started
talking on relaxed about to go take an
apricot
that's the ALDC and yep so we're holding
the workshop the workshop starts at 7:00
and it's like 5:30 now so really quickly
celebrating we're eating out mix
flurries as we just hit 500,000 oh my
god calmly 500 that's half a million
that is definitely worth McFlurry at
Oreo add caramel and roller we got here
and in the video did people that told us
the instructions didn't say there was a
massive padlock on the gate so let's say
we can go amazing
today we are going to register so
vehicle Hilton Suites by hotel room good
when your eva stops to get gas hungry
hungry we just had an acai bowl like
three hours she's amazing she's a
noodles judge
so we're just checking into our hotel
the Doubletree suites by hilton
so we're just about to go and register
at VidCon
what will they go after first time ever
guys don't even know what to expect with
some YouTube so new is our first year at
VidCon but we're really excited weather
here can I just eat it I love this place
we are getting ready to go to YouTube on
stage opening so we're ready taking
actually uploading a YouTube video at
the moment
and it's possible point were all these
famous amazing artists todrick Hall
performing jason Derulo's grace man
we'll just to name a few
ya know we're really excited
awesome
you
back out you know kind of ripped it out
my hand so it
I can't even see anymore
guys cheers from Disneyland are the
absolute best and you know there haven't
been drops on the floor because they're
pretty professional and so good and now
we're ready to write your LEC disabled
we just found a $1 shop everything's
Abdullah OS and this potty hat is great
let's go find him
hey diggin like my hat Oh would you look
at this piece of tomatoes that's massive
okay so we just counted there are 20
cards that I can see in the
drive-through right now Shelia enacted
to get like book hey Carly Wolfie mum's
got one too because it's robbing again
soon foot so she's looking homeless
we're freezing cuz actually cold at
night and we have trying to find Wi-Fi I
understood some bad we are on our way to
go first time we just finished filming
at leverage we are in many pins or play
tomorrow and Americans came along so
just really
now we're downtown DC and we're having a
cute little squid to them today yeah
I'm excited I'm ready to hurry up
oh not yet but you've got 20 hours over
today
yes we've been sitting at the airport
waiting for our flight for four hours in
Houston it's been delayed and delayed
and delayed because of engineering from
us bring in a spot when you might want I
don't want to die and we're in the
exuberance there's something else you
know I'm gonna get we are finally moving
well Tina I am loving your socks and
thongs Australia fashion cuz we're back
in Oz
