don't wait for tomorrow's I'm taking I'm
Sam and lay out the reputed welcome back
to our Channel
today guys where borobudur Indonesia and
we've decided to do the single person
yoga challenge if that means it is me
against him so we do this like a year
ago and we thought it is time to do
another
okay so came on last time let's do we my
turn to Anderson I gotta have a second
victory all right we'll we'll see
before we get on with the yoga challenge
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and give it a big thumbs up if
you liked it and don't forget guys to
click that great bow next this subscribe
button so you guys know that every time
this video and be sure to follow us on
all our social media so you guys stay up
to date and if you really like this you
know
so guys how these works somebody has to
toss in a series of closes and look at a
look at the clothes and then race back
to the mat and it's the first person to
get in the pose and hold for three
seconds
everything has to be correct so arms
legs yeah we're going to be position I
don't know it all has to be exactly like
the photo all right I've seen the first
oh yes
it's an odd one call tree of death
Teagan
dancing in the memo I was taking my time
trying to concentrate nails actually
it's really the neap hot is hot enough i
let's do it three three two
2,000 years later
so now the score is
okay so for this one she's leaning
against something so we've decided that
we're just gonna put up they try and put
up it behind their head to give us
balance because we have nothing to lean
on to balance to one and good
and three two one oh so we didn't hold
that for three seconds but taking Hilda
definitely longer than me I was like for
a second I was down
ready
okay do it three two one and go
and go
and three two
we're all right now which means it's the
final round so this is the decider so
whoever wins this one is the winner of
this week's single
three two one go
yes tinker at their fastest that means
she won the home challenge let me try
one laughing we like this one so the
next one inside so you guys that brings
us to the end of the video we really
hope you enjoyed this see who yoga
challenge comment down below which pose
was your famous which poses a favorite
TV actually really like the last yeah
and now the standing so each one was
your favorite comment down below
remember we also post on spread every
Monday I would place a national every
Thursday
so we'll see you guys next Thursday see
ya
