hey guys I'm Kate I'm pants and we asked
the room kitchen welcome back to our
channel a down so we are in LA Hollywood
and we are about to in life on a big
journey and we're really stood we are
going to Trek enough to the back of the
hole of a sign okay so we've heard that
this can take up to like an hour
sometimes some to someone said 20
minutes and I'm like whoa and I still
ended up and you know so we decided
we're going to make a video as we hike
up the whole InDesign and it's called be
to life and one trip we're going to tell
you three things and you have to speak
the truth
other than three things that we tell you
before we get on with video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
okay guys first things first come on
guys get your racket and we got here and
in the deserts people that told us the
instructions didn't say those immersive
times okay so let's say we can go like I
like how to describe attention today
you're so damned if there are our
definition are not on our feet are over
J target for reward allowed but then he
tonnison a new way a new way you could
be cut up so oh my god like we're going
to tell you the truth at end of video so
yeah stay just to get your asses so guys
the other day while walking I almost ran
into a ball yellow day while walking
Teigen tripped over a homeless man the
other day while walking I dropped my
phone on the road now you tell us which
one's the true Hollywood we're in
Hollywood so guys the next one is the
other day we saw Gwen Stefani up in an
hour book the other day we back into
Kalani and Kendall from Dance Moms and
had a little chat and the other day we
went into the James Corden Late Late
Show oh my gosh so amazing we watch it
all the time I watch at nearly every
night so just to see a live with Spike
crazy on the way here the guy sings
behind us on the plane vomit is just as
we took off
kaki so on the plane ride here we had a
really bad tub it was so bad like it was
actually to the point where I was
pooping on oh my god I on the way here
sam and i watch the exact same movie but
we didn't realize until the very end
other like what me review much with
movie news what and it was the same move
whoa i'm all the moon is crazy
you see him there it is when you're
totally done absolutely fine okay so the
next one when we got to our hotel room i
accidentally booked for July instead of
jeans so we had no accommodation and
were like this is never happened before
so yeah then when we go Tahoe Tommy went
there we got like stuck nearly it's not
a joke and like the lights turned off
and we were like freaking out and then
it only lasted like 2 seconds and then
the vibe came back on and the list
continued on thanks good night
we have been sucking with people and
we'll I oh my god actually reality now
and the third one here oh my gosh so the
first night we slept in a hotel room
everything years old Andy and we work
off and Sam has like three or four
things black to my arms and literally I
went to hook the person that's what I
ever sent to Destin no life
yeah we've heard yeah we got this book
because ya know so official receptions
like yeah okay you're gonna die
so the next one is about food and so
we're on Santa Monica Pier walking past
and this purple ad was selling churros
and she dropped one on the floor and
just casually fixed it back up and put
it in the bag and I was like zero I like
never eating a churro from a person like
that manageress omen
we were eating dinner at this really
nice Italian restaurant and just as the
way that came over to give us our food
she dropped the lasagna and annual all
over the floor and I got a hot really
bad today when we were getting pizza and
a bug in like oh my gosh it was so nasty
that why I'm always the one that gets a
bug I know I always find the magnitude
is omega supply for me okay so that was
really openness all right I didn't want
to just I'm all right so the first night
we stayed in Santa Monica awesome we
heard all these like police sirens fire
in here no Sun will ago we don't knows
like caution tape and all the I bottle
down and then then the forensics came
well I'm not yeah that caution tape
everywhere and our street was blocked
off no one could go there and we're like
welcome to Santa Monica pop sort of
birth life and of course
ting got stuck like locked out I've got
a cartoon couldn't contact each others
depending on the Wi-Fi password render
it so very easily you get any sleep or
so this isn't so jet-lagged and part of
it we stay awake the whole night
anything dozen so guys are truthful the
first on is that I really did almost run
into a woman disclosure for playing and
I want to know this and the ball was
right there and I like I mean before
coming oh it shocked me so the truth is
we actually did bash into Kalani and
Kendall in the street well yeah well if
I walking towards them and kind of saw
each other at a time
Hey what are you doing here yeah oh yeah
the treaty on yeah so the truth in the
plane ride one was we actually did watch
the same movie and didn't realize some
very oh yeah we were crazy stupid love
oh hi what are you watching we both
watch the st. Mary what are y'all in
such a great ministry was an amazement
alright and the truth of that one was
yes him books from when we go
I wanted a service in July luckily I got
a book online and found hope and I have
common area to cook a whole to herself
that day because we ended up at an
amazing hotel yeah that's right next to
centimorgan eat like perfectly Kingdom
it to happen so the truth no that one is
so I'm actually did see one of the
churros drop on the floor and the lady
was like you I couldn't believe I was
like time did you see that she's drop
litter on the floor casually picked it
up and this understand to San does not
look like that it actually does so that
could be issues as well oh and the
cookies man so yeah that was true with
the others the truth is there actually
was a massive black forensic thing going
on yeah yes really scales on what what I
want on be crazy yeah like I've never
actually seen that before with the
caution signs and like forensics like
new scary actually so hope nothing too
bad one down but that's life in LA for
you guys we just told you a few things
that truce that have happened to off on
this trip well that um this video is
actually really hard
yeah beautiful eyes and lying like lying
hot
well I find it huh we find her and I
really got the lazy guys yes I ready to
lionize dnews fun no and it kept us very
occupied or our top to the back of the
Hollywood sign so and we hope you guys
had fun playing along comment down below
if you guys get your lot of odorous
right or how many did you get correct
so that's that brings us to the end of
video like we don't hope you enjoy it
yet
remember we post videos on one day on
squared and in post videos on
dang every surface so you got to mix it
there
