hey guys I'm taking on Sam and we have
the rifki twins welcome back to our
Channel today we have a really special
video and it's dedicated to three high
so this is Brittany and she's an amazing
dance and a really beautiful person but
Brittany's going through something that
no fourteen-year-old girl should have to
go through yeah I have scoliosis which
is like a curve in the spine and it's
like progressing as I'm growing really
quickly and so I need to have an
operation and so there's this operation
in America which allows me to dance too
but if I had a surgery here then that
would stop me from dancing
her baby's spine is progressively
getting worse every day and if she
doesn't raise enough money then she's
gonna have to have the spinal fusion
here in Australia between two continents
imagine if your gym is no and Nathalie
Andy's been told you can't do it
so please don't Britney by donating
using the link in the description box
below we need to help Britney rice
$300,000 to gays oppression that's you
really really need you guys can burn out
anything even ten dollars popular
Tomatoes what a tall female does not
matter let's say three hundred thousand
do you donate one doll up there and it's
been this the toilet every night so
please fully the link in the description
box below and that will take you
straight to Britney's go fund me page
any amount you can go into the drill to
also win an iPad Mini this way so during
our I need help off your parents I'm
sure that be happy to help you out and
you look Britney out cuz that's what
this video is all about
I've been dripping okay now we what the
serious we can have some fun with so
we're gonna do a challenge and it's
going to ask that dancing challenge sir
someone's going to shout out random
letters and then we have to come up with
a dancing triple step their terminology
that starts with that letter and it's
the best wanted to say and do these good
damn food meal before we get on to the
challenge be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give a thumbs up if
you like
so we really want to help free me and
the only way we can do that is with your
health so please donate by clicking that
link in the description box below a lot
pretty really really like this
yeah we can raise enough money for you
guys I say that you can
and now guys
