the exciting time is when you wake up
and you get packages at your door
hey guys I'm taking I'm finna and we
have therapy twins welcome back to our
channel in today's video we decided to
do we're gonna do it with back shannon
falls you gotta be really high location
and because we've been online shopping
just look we don't be lightly so we
don't be chancy what we've got a few of
our items so we hope you guys enjoy this
video so before we get started be sure
to subscribe if you haven't already and
gonna give you thousands up if you liked
it before we show you guys our present
from the egv what's inside serve you
seeds out play box from YouTube for
reaching 100,000 subscribers and that
all because of you guys so thank you so
much so much for that guys it means so
much to us
so these are really nice casual but also
dressed ready a prime ask is that we
wore these to the movies where we went
and saw beauty and they loved the style
of the v-neck on them and I like what
they have sleeve so if it is a little
bit cold it keeps a little bit of your
mouth so this tops from boohoo and these
shorts are from alley fashion and this
top you can actually get in multiple
different colors so today it's got like
a creamy white color and I've got like a
pinky you can get grey and moving me
around and I'll be the palace and then
we just match them with these casual tie
options
as you can see we've got three similar
but they're different at the same time I
really love how census holds neck and
then comes down to a date and I really
love the off the shoulder the front now
especially like to sum up then you began
talking something off the shore I just
love that look so then we just matched
them with a pair of white shorts and a
pair of black shirt
so these are more casual everyday
outfits I really really loved
off-the-shoulder look and also love the
details on the sleeves and the denim
shorts just natural white very nicely
yeah you can never go wrong with dinner
and light so it's a very casual outfit
nice and summery yeah most of us get so
far behind like fancy from
these boots are made for walking
so in these groups I love them we hate
them like when I bought them on
countless and now maybe you can see
love's like yes it might seem like a
girl student come on jeez
okay so because they're beautiful rotox
me through but then it's not roses to
cover you built these lovely shorts with
tie up at the front and I love common to
anything so yeah high-waist guys it's
just like what we have time how it look
I think this fits me but sometimes you
buy things online that it doesn't really
make me go to make a break guys that
brings us to the end of the video we
hope you guys enjoyed our fashion hole
and maybe got some ideas or anything
that's fun everyone's inside of it a bit
yeah so this is just um summer outfits
that we put together and let me like you
guys let us know if you'd like us to do
like specific ones you like winter halls
or spring or summer home so guys comment
down below your favorite shop to shop up
and remember we post videos subscribe
every one day and then those videos in
our town every Thursday so I see you
guys next Thursday
