hey guys I'm Canyon I'm Sam and we ask
the Riverton welcome back to our Channel
today's go out really Killian when I
share makeup done because it's people to
share we came out prom dress my old
dress try out you can save you $10 don't
actually hate me before we get always
video you just wrap if you haven't
already so I really love this dress
because some red and that's my favorite
color
and I love this dress is strapless and
it just looks really elegant felt like a
little mermaid Townend it's not too long
so I'm not easily a big fan of corset
for they're actually really good when
you buy dress online because you can
make it
I love this dress I love to stall of it
I like that it's strapless and I
absolutely love the embroidery on the
front and a little spot on the skip this
is just number two
sorry these dresses for my favorite
dress you can like mix enough so then I
decided to do what so and we can go to a
different ball and we're all laughing
okay okay so you get to dress me one
really and I just want the baby kick and
the little off the shoulders
oh come on
actually the size it's just as like no
because I forgot we ones like I'm lost
yeah becomes like my favorite as like a
pass and we consummate yes I both saw
light pink and wreck the skin and green
looks really great together and they fit
really well and they are wonderful Mel's
an artist summer even though they don't
know though
so back to the hair situation your minds
were getting a bit messy because it
beans strike away by the wind so Santa
sighs the Magette grab the pen probably
and went around in Michael good cop yeah
and you lose top not ended up okay and
finally these dresses let it really
match but you know so I love this dress
so much because it's hi lack and I'm
such a fan of high max plus I was huge
idea and i lo like different I love how
its got like it matches the top is a
little bit on the skirt like I love that
experie like really love my blue dress
because it reminds me of Cinderella and
he was totally my favorite princess
and that's it's in the video thanks for
watching we hope you guys enjoyed it
comment down below which just your
favorite dress be sure to watch all my
videos on our channel if you are to cook
that notification bell so you guys get
notified every time tasting it which is
every bourbon Lucy you guys make perfect
see ya
