hey guys I'm Peyton I'm Sam and we
outdoor kitchen welcome back to our
Channel
today we are doing a round off tutorial
going to teach you guys how to do around
us or perfect your round now Randolph
I'm really important because it might be
a beginner trick but it's something that
you're going to use to do more advanced
yeah it is the base to your company and
your preparations for the pump so before
we get on with the video to show the
subscribe and you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
first of all you have to know how to do
a car once in life into a puddle yes
then you can move on to the bigger and
better things as we run up for our
roundup other preparations are going to
practice you still run up to a car then
fill a demonstration so we run come up
when we talk and we do the target now as
we join our legs together in a round off
we're going to demonstrate the action of
doing that to practice your landing you
can kick up into a handstand so have
them please come together in the air the
calm down with two feet together and
jump if you find that exercise to scoot
you can lean against the wall and come
down so to implement what we just said
the joining of the lips to get in the
air so I'm going to demonstrate how we
have to do a natural rotate step now
it's almost important to show that
handstand position in your roundoff it's
more important where your hips and your
feet land so your hips have to land in
the direction from where you came from
then we need to figure out our hand
placement which is different from a
cartwheel right so notice in the cart
with the hands are in a straight line
but in a roundoff one hand is slightly
in front again here are our quick tips
so make sure when you run up to you
around up it has lots of energy and you
do a nice pop so the classical is
bloomix yes tip to make sure your feet
get together and throw the club up here
give number three be sure to land nice
with the legs together and to improve
your posture and of course our last and
final tip in techniques to make sure you
stretch your legs in your own up and way
way too early
don't you've mastered you around us
which is the basis for all your other
amazing elementary you'll be able to do
face like that brings us to the end of
the video we hope you guys learned how
to do a roundup or we help you out with
your rails
comment down below box tutorial I'm
Sofia
and be sure to watch all our videos on
our channel don't forget to click the
bells over you know every time we post
you remember we put every Thursday we'll
see you guys next Thursday yeah
