hey guys I'm takin onsen and way up
through kitchens welcome back to my
channel so we are currently in Germany
now we didn't know we're coming to
Germany until like a week ago so this is
very sudden trip I will tell you all
about that in our upcoming month no in
today's video we are going to make an
easy three years you know do ever exist
around the hotel just during a crow
dancing so hope you guys enjoyed it and
watch Akron video around the hotel
before we show you video if you sho
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
and that's it for the video we hope you
guys enjoyed it
comment down below where you're from and
remember we post videos every Thursday
stay tuned for our Germany blog and why
we're actually in Germany there are all
the explaining books coming up soon and
we'll see you guys next visit see ya
