hey I'm team I'm deaf and we after looks
like cattle in today to do we're doing
available have to be because we got a
heater babies from support will be
pointing up has already make you think
that's not if you like Santa advice love
to be releasing material so much that we
both haven't asserted babies in this
material I personally like sand salt
that I really like mine but I still love
teens as well and it just really depends
what type what do you have against or
what you like or prefer
so I acted because because I really love
this color red so bright and vibrant and
I can start with the keyhole in the
middle the bottom and the top first fit
me very well and that was a sizeable
yeah
I really like these babies because I
love things that are high waisted and
also lots of coping
you don't have palm trees on them and
I'm really really lucky stall and I love
the color and the design of the palm
trees on by the way runs dogs Beach in
case you wondering whether those running
around again
that's a whole
after these fluoro and to write kind of
babies I really like to strike the black
and white stripes on the outline of the
bailiff but for me the bottoms were too
small I didn't match as well a lot as I
wanted them to I really like the top of
this line but not the bottom yeah I
really like these we're going to run one
of the fade I really really like these
phases
I really like the ties with the side
because I kind of look like the normal
clothes or like fashion about right now
which is off the shoulder and the kind
of entertainment which is really cool
and the white like dog in the background
having the carne laughing OH
now these strawberries are really like
the look of like in our photos in video
but this one some reason I got a medium
sized for the most he made him sake but
it actually suit me anyway like the top
was fine just the bottoms a bit baggy
fuck
so you committed a very similar style to
my pantry one I really like this color
but in photos and video sellers like up
so I prefer them to be a little bit dark
and the bottoms are slightly smaller on
me fun for the a little bit cheap here
and I prefer full coverage so things
that we got we found there were a little
bit to see like spend without a look for
people under create opportunities make
you in your campus is like a burrito
have really yes Nuala some cake and you
know what you like so when you're
looking outside just make sure you look
at the bun I really like serving Satan
but to be honest everything is
struggling to prepare you for the
wonderful typing in every life and the
final pair of babies is Fitz sailor
inspired
I love wearing how to short and I was 16
so I really liked this hair because they
have the high waisted bottoms and I'm
not condemning Jesus got loose buttons
like details
so you guys would like to purchase some
babies or from somewhere from the home
you can do that the link to their
website will be in the description box
below inside is really good because
there's so many different types of
maidens I may need to pick from so
you'll have a ball if you really like
one material you can go through and
it'll being like every style yes I came
really far
yeah that's exact on which is in the
description box below that brings us to
the end of videos we hope you guys
enjoyed watching comment down below we
care made it simpler you're famous or if
you like to be related at all right now
if you want to cover about fit come
resemble and remember we Perseus every
person I click that notification cell so
you know when we go and we'll see you
guys next Thursday
see ya
