hey guys I've taken I'm Sam and we are
the merchants welcome back in today's
video we are showing you guys some
exercises to improve your flexibility
now improving your flexibility can be
really challenging but we're going to
try and make it fun so these are partner
stretches that you do work so get your
friends over apt or your twin so these
exercises will help your shoulder
flexibility back flexibility and leg
flex before we show you guys the
exercises be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give the big thumbs
up if you liked it now with these
exercises you have to make sure you do
them all with caution and stretching is
a long process it's not going to happen
overnight
yeah but if you do it with your friends
once a week twice a week three times a
week and you keep doing the same
exercises you'll see improvement likes
ability actually reduces the risk of
injury yeah and if you want to keep your
leg up here and you're not flexible you
might get too much and could injure
yourself
now the first thing you have to do
before you start stretching is ensure
your muscles are super warm because
they'll stretch further to the start
stretches well our first stretch is to
improve your shoulder flexibility
so without I make sure you don't push
too hard and always push slowly don't go
fast so the second shoulder stretch
grab your partner's roots and pull back
this one's to improve your hamstrings
like familiar look do you get your
partner to sit down and hand it over
so Kristen gently
and then if I need to spare the push a
whole white palace mood so the next
stretch is to improve your split
flexibility so sans going to do a split
push you can already do the splits we're
going to extend her the other way
to make sure my hips are square you can
put your opposite hand in front and the
other one back
and if that is too easy or you would
like to challenge yourself more you
clean them up
so yoga blocks are an awesome tool to
increase your flexibility especially if
you don't have a partner to talk with
but if you have a partner you can use
your yo block slop so till you've got
some yoga blocks underneath her throat
leg to give her over stretch and because
she's like to be stretched a bit more
we're going to add it so tinker been
building up and I have to make sure it's
in line with our all about that way and
anus to get her
this also helps where
for people who aren't as flex all that's
okay you can just start with one block
to give you a little bit
can do the same thing it will be that
extra stress
and remember even if you are signing up
in one book that is awesome and then
keep going up from there slowly
yeah and flexibility doesn't happen
overnight I have to keep that and if you
can't do the splits that's okay you just
do that without a lock this next stretch
is to improve your middle split
flexibility so this can be done and is
usually done against the walls at the
moment we're just going to use our
aftermath to show you guys so you do a
private split facing me more and you try
to go against the wall put your hips as
close to the wall as you and your
partner me helps by pushing them so make
sure in this that your needs a nice and
straight and practice pointing at
this is one of my favorite stretches and
this is a really good stretch when
you've got stall muscles so I hope to a
gluttonous maximus muscles which are
your bottom so your partner stretches
arms as far as they can in front and
then you lightly put your hands on the
knee push not on this one inside where
their muscles are this will push their
knees down
that is the Gila lecture to the
Roseville outline and the next stretch
is for your back to improve your back
flexibility it's only have to make sure
you're really careful with go nice and
floor yep and depending on how flexible
your friend or your partner's back is
just go to where they think they can go
make sure you have a little signal just
in case it gets too hard so you can
wiggle your foot or wiggle your fingers
to tell your partner to get up sometimes
got the hawk when you're down yeah
take it back
and now we're going to try and put Sam's
feet on the floor but we're going to do
it very slow
thanks for watching comment down below
what stretch was your favorite and if
you do any of these stretches already
remember we post every Thursday so we'll
see you guys next Thursday
see ya
ooh yummy to be me again because we're
dealing with the back and it's very very
brutal okay I'm on a cruise through the
monkey boy
also it's that time to announce our
giveaway well the winner of our giveaway
is San congratulations you've won an
iPad Mini 2 and the Katy Perry part of
me DVD
