my hairline is so weird my pores are
huge
I know suck that is so fetch Gretchen
stop trying to make fetch happen it's
not going to happen mom's chest hair she
asked me how to spell orange hey guys
I'm tagging I'm fan and we up the
root-patterns well welcome back in
today's video we are doing a parody of
our favorite chiefs of media she doesn't
even go here that's my hair so make its
secrets if you're from Africa why are
you what of course we are doing the
winter talent show theme because we got
man yells and it's like the best scene
ever
I'm sure we all know the dance you can
join it before we show you guys the
video we show the subscribe if you
haven't already and if you love me girls
as much as we do give it a big thumbs up
and action we're doing your dance to the
song jingle bell rock you guys know that
song everybody in the english-speaking
world knows that song oh I have to learn
it
uh Gretchen switch psychic Katie but I'm
always on your left well that was when
there were three of us another tall go
in the middle the whole dance would be
backwards I'm always on your left and
right now you're getting on my last
nerve switch and finally please welcome
to the stage Santa's helpers doing
Jingle Bell Rock
jingle jingle jingle jingle bells
what a bright time it's the right time
to rock the night away jingle bell time
is a swell time to go riding in a
one-horse sleigh giddy-up jingle horse
pick up your feet
that's a wrap
I think you could add on a few things a
bit better you guys nailed it
you guys enjoy be sure to subscribe as
we parts every Tuesday so see you guys
next big step
nobody graduated by I'm cool I'm not
like the regular moms right Regina
please stop talking
ah you girls keep me young
