hey guys I'm Kate and I'm Santa and we
asked the room curtains
welcome back tears seasons please Allah
love today's video we are going to be
doing the can-can
so the candy cane challenge works like
this you're going to put the end of the
candy cane in your mouth and then you're
going to try and cook as many candy
canes as you can and pile them into your
basket that's the person who can put the
most candy canes into their basket in
one minute quick
and then we are doing the exact same
challenge but this time either fan back
using one hand to pick it up and put it
in your fee I and me I wha before we get
on with the challenge be sure to
subscribe and give it a lot if you love
Christmas ready
all right let's go happy yeah
I need time 3 2 1
600 yeah sighs so I guess the design
challenge will be specific this ready
set
and
you
Oh let it go yeah that was actually
quite hot that is a good exercise in the
been back so now we're going to count
them to see three two one fourteen yeah
alright I think that makes sense the
winner of the candy cane challenge I am
Kenny Payne G that's all we have time
for in today's video we hope you guys
enjoyed watching be sure to subscribe
because we post a video every Thursday
and give it a big thumbs up if you're
excited for Christmas we are so are you
better be quick and we'll see you guys
next Thursday into Michonne's yeah yay
wow that's amazing
just give it that extra life ah
