hey guys I'm Tina I'm 10 and we are the
room kitchens welcome back to our
channel this summer we are doing up our
rooms because we are actually getting
our own rooms
and in today's video we are very excited
we got there know you're very excited
because we've just received a very
exciting powerful it is possible from
slinky paired up and it has a mattress
in time you wouldn't believe what I'm
gonna say if you wanna fit yeah
evilly doesn't matter apparently you
just have to open it up and then Express
to full size in fans like 32 feet of
water and expand but this time without
water so our before we open it up be
sure to subscribe if you have already
and give it a big thumbs up if you liked
it
it's like Christmas already
Oh
okay
oh my god so comfy this is sorry Tommy
holy moly I could sleep on this yeah and
how amazing you just have to order a
mattress online
when it came in the box I was like this
mattress er yeah when the person
delivered it were like well these are
the Masters my sister yeah
it's extremely soft and comfortable and
I actually can't wait to sleep if you
are try sleeping panda and that's just
just like us then all we have to do is
put in our very special promo code which
is written and you'll get $150 off oh
that's so good yeah well we had so much
fun testing out our brand-new mattress
helping the real pair this out the real
handy
that's all we have time for today thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe because we post videos every
Thursday so we'll see you guys next
lesson see ya
