hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we up
the river toons welcome to part two of
answering your questions that you left
us on this be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give it a big thumbs
up if you liked it what was the biggest
performance you performed well
definitely Australia's Capel
because that was on national TV yeah and
you need anything you would do it
museum DV it was really scary but at the
same time sort of fulfilling its online
and an amazing experiences in such an
amazing feeling zone so Monique from
rafi said what was your experience like
with the ALDC excludes the ALDC every
time we've met des from girls and etc
it's really really awesome really
exciting yeah all the girls are being
really nice and really humbled and down
to earth and it was so cool because
we've been watching your show ever since
it started and we'll to meet people that
you see on TV it's great also actually
yeah nicer yeah we've got along with
them well the records of methane and can
see are be she's awesome
yeah grace Wiltshire says who got their
backflip and different tumbles first so
I got my last loop first but we pretty
much both got our backflip at the age of
five I did go it first
I'm so glad like not all mock me but
yeah I just thought I'm gonna wait to TV
gets everything then I'll give it up
Victoria the X on school access what age
were you maybe started competing in
dance we were nine yeah we were age nine
and we did our first up so we did our
first average or when we like samurai to
kind of like break down yeah I mean we
always knew that we wanted to like
perform on the stage like yeah we would
sit watching comps we would go watch
young people for our studio and we'd
love to watch them but let's get
a bit but then we didn't bet on was an
Indian do it like and selfish okey I'll
look completing out of the video just
really sad but we have like actress
clips
Ysabel roasters what's the worst thing
about being in tune
people always compare us which is
natural I get so I'll even me they're
like who serve in one who's good one
those possessed this who's the best
dancer who's the best thing I always
always want to know like who's the best
response and I mean I know that's
natural to our so you have got to listen
here like straight away you gotta get
the good for them the biggest thing you
dislike about each other that you don't
clean your room your heart room it's
like I'm out
the biggest thing I just went about
there is that changes all I got to about
me so Tessa Dalton venom what's your
advice to a girl that's not very
flexible and into the dance world
any tips or tricks that you've always
been flexible a bad one yeah if you want
to do it then you can achieve no set
time aside to do it and you need to do
it every day early but surely you don't
go get someone else we don't even split
straight by Annie tea powder you
obviously will see if it's all studies
gotta want it and yeah be safe
but push yourself past your yeah if you
believe you can and you put working
seminars and results in ourselves we
really we decided that we wanted to
that's why we kept working out and we
know the process part the sherry Queen
said if you couldn't do dance what sport
or hobby would you do we would probably
do in netball because we've actually
playing them all before I'm actually in
fact won a grand final video we just
really awesome without training on and a
half ticket but we did it we just worked
really well and we loved the experience
of my nipples so much is so much fun
under team through gay I love team games
yeah so you guys were shipwrecked on a
desert island what would you bring you
came very see I've got the on besides
food water brands family devices
as all the other a big ships I could get
back Shinae LLC 14 says if you were to
meet anyone who gave you Harry or Ellen
or containers they're pretty cool
QV dot and school tiw aces where did you
learn how to us academically Dance
Company and from our and yeah and just
by ourselves whenever we wanted to Donna
but mainly yeah at the dermatologist
Alisa Maria
xoxox said what is your favorite thing
about dance or acro dance takes you to
another place in children's sometimes
you could be really upset or on things
you're on e could not be going how you
like them to you and dance is a way to
get away from that and just like being
in in a moment rather than worrying
about anything else and just I get so
much to work it's just freeze like yeah
lots of satisfaction opportunities by
amazing of kids yeah without dance we
wouldn't have done so many things we
have done meet people is it the ex
nieces what's your worst fear only we
have like a triple
I like snakes spiders and sharks
I do you got cooking Amy said you can
get you next time
yeah no they do and everyone has their
own reason surviving in Essex remember
younger
I'm giving you ster member of our team
who's always a bit taller than me so
take the tall and ass even do get us
wing style yes Georgia
buckle zero forces who inspired me to
start up her and dance okay so our mama
because she did dancing in Accra when
she was younger so she put us into and
hope that we love it just as much as she
did and we did I love this question and
a job Selma's Donnie or Kevin or if you
could spend one whole day Katy Perry
what would you go we just sing against
pictures make videos maybe so do you
like traveling to and from the United
States yes yes we absolutely love going
to America it's so much that's all we
have time for in today's a year thank
you so much these questions are really
good and we will enjoy doing and we hope
you guys enjoyed watching us see you
guys next time I post video see ya keep
hipper video where we get will
headphones
