oh hello my name is Jezza and I'm
actually physically here in Taiwan and
I've come outside to stand in front of a
pretty old building in order to really
drive home the fact that I'm physically
here very very exciting hello hello my
fans they're everywhere
Taiwan has gained a pretty good
reputation when it comes to LGBT rights
they're relatively progressive
in legislation have one of the largest
LGBT Pride festivals in the whole of
Asia and also that some of the sexiest
of the men's Aziz's
I would also look like it was gonna be
the first place in the whole of Asia to
have same-sex marriage and to legally
recognize it it was really exciting last
year one of the courts decided that
within two years there had to be some
kind of legislation recognizing same-sex
couples legally so that they would have
the same rights as married straight
couples all we needed was the rubber
stamping of actual legislation and it
looked like my quest for a Taiwanese
husband was gonna go really really well
unfortunately the new Taiwanese
president ended up dragging her feet on
the issue this is because the base of
her party the DPP tend to be older
working-class more socially conservative
if you think about kind of like the
equivalent of the Rust Belt in the USA
or the industrial north in the UK she
drew lead addled for like a year and a
half
unfortunately some anti LGBT people saw
it as an opportunity this is when a
conservative group who have ended up
calling themselves the Shiite in coolie
and Mong which is the Coalition for the
happiness of our next generation they
saw an opportunity and for goodness sake
there the name may as well been when
somebody think of their children in
Taiwan Christians only make up about 4
percent of the population but they were
very much at the forefront of this
attempt to counteract the ruling by the
court that said that same-sex couples
should have some kind of legal
recognition they therefore had to work
together with a load of more traditional
and conservative groups across Taiwanese
culture oh and they also hired this guy
in brown you
have noticed him before he is one of the
cofounders of the National Organization
of Marriage open brackets between a man
and a woman and nobody else closed
brackets he was behind the proposition 8
campaign in 2008 that overturned equal
marriage in that state before the
Supreme Court in the u.s. then
overturned that decision
lots of overturning the inclusion of
somebody like Bryan Brown is very much
the latest manifestation of the
phenomenon of American homophobes
exporting their expertise in hate
mongering since same-sex marriage became
legal in the USA it's so nice that
they're continuing to spread to the hate
this coalition of parents were scared
that their son might be gay because he
doesn't do sports decided to exploit a
new law which allows referendums to be
put to a public vote if they are able to
get signatures on a petition that equals
one point five percent of the population
by using this law they managed to get
three questions on the ballot that was
then going to be put to a national vote
because why have one homophobic question
when you can have three I'm now going to
take you somewhere else with a slightly
different backdrop because I mean why
not I'm a proper video journalist now I
try to do some filming in front of the
presidential palace but the lighting was
bad and the police were looking at me
funny so here we are in a pagoda because
what could be more Taiwanese say the
anti-gay marriage group ended up being
able to get enough signatures for three
questions to end up being put to the
public in a referendum
they included first of all that whether
or not mouth should be redefined as just
between a man and a woman because we
know that's always always been the case
one restricting the LGBT Q+ education in
middle school and third making sure that
any future recognition of same-sex
couples wouldn't change previous
definitions of marriage because you know
when gays start getting included in
definitions of actual like real marriage
we get glitter everywhere and it is a
nightmare to get out I'll give you that
this took the pro gay marriage
groups and coalition's like completely
off-guard and frankly it took them a
really long time to be able to come up
with an appropriate response their
response to this response to the
original court ruling yes it is getting
complicated ended up being two more
questions being put on the ballot paper
one of them asking whether or not
marriage should be now recognized for
same-sex couples and the other one
defending lgbtq+
education in schools it is this is a
mess and it sounds like a mess it's a
mess
the campaign was equally chaotic as I
said Christians only make up 4% of the
population here so they couldn't just
rely on invoking Leviticus such a shame
when that happens isn't it so they
started to appeal to traditional
Confucian values that have very strict
familial hierarchies man-woman son
daughter etc etcetera it's very it's
very strict and it's what quite a lot of
East Asian culture is based on and
that's like how the homophobes get you
here but other than going the Christian
route this appeal to like the Confucian
ideals is what ends up restricting LGBT
rights in general despite hope
especially in urban areas and especially
with areas with lots of students and
especially in this city here where I am
at the moment in Taipei the gay marriage
questions lost badly along with the LGBT
education questions the anti equal
marriage coalition saw an opportunity
pounced and and they won it wasn't
YouTube here what this meant for equal
marriage in Taiwan we have these two
really important decisions made one by
the court who said that there has to be
some kind of recognition of same-sex
couples and one by plebiscite by the
lender that have ended up deciding that
the people don't actually want gay
marriage it's not clear
which takes precedent which is the most
important and so I sat down with a
journalist here William yang who has
also kind of been in and around to the
campaign for equal marriage here in
Taiwan and he kind of explained what the
fallout is gonna be when you see me on
my own again I'm also gonna be in a
different place and that's an exciting
thing to hold out for what happens now
because we have I mean it ended up being
like three referendums on marriage
equality specifically and all of them
went kind of like the ante yeah LGBT way
yeah but then you still have this court
ruling from last year that says that
Taiwan is going to have to within like
Bible by next year is going to have to
have a recognition of same-sex couples
yeah how do what's gonna happen with the
courts saying one thing and the
referendum saying another so the court
ruling specifically only say that the
current civil code denying gay couples
the rights to get marry is
unconstitutional and they urged the
government in you know within two years
to find a way to somehow implement this
rights to get marry a more form
partnerships into the law by May 24th
2019 mmm-hmm so that's exactly six
months away from now the most likely
outcome from here on is the legislate
the Legislature will definitely have to
like start negotiating and debating
about this among all the political
parties that have seats inside the
legislature and because of the legal you
know the the the outcome of the legally
binding referendums it's likely that the
ruling party is going to push and move
forward towards the limited civil union
right
a full marriage equality because now
they are not they can't afford to play
like provocative or bald but they can
only point to play safe how does this
make you feel so I never had to go
through a popular vote yeah okay it was
all kind of like illegal but what is it
like to kind of have your rights
rejected by your people I don't want to
put it in very dramatic in an animated
way but that's what it will feel like to
me yeah you know like it just one thing
is it makes you wonder if that day you
could ever happen you know as long as
you live here will you have your life
here or is it more realistic for you
till I start thinking options outside of
Taiwan you know like moving to countries
that have that sort of rights that are
guaranteed and it's a normal thing and
the society is not really against it
that that I mean one of the strongest
feelings that I have last night was
definitely you know like are we being
welcomed or accepted into by the society
or like are we still continuing to like
live on the edge of it and we were
living in this little small bubble of
Taipei where yes we see a lot of
acceptance or if not acceptance but
people's tolerance towards LGBTQ
movements or activities or like LGBTQ
people but once you go outside of Taipei
I wonder it that really makes me wonder
if that's pretty much still the same or
like once you go outside of type
like that's just not something that you
should buy you should just definitely be
more aware of your behavior and yeah
your words and like what you say or what
what you do so
that point that william made about
looking for opportunities to go overseas
because he didn't feel accepted her
anymore really hits home and it's not
he's not the only person that was
feeling like that if you look at Google
Trends searches for immigration in
Taiwan rocket on the night of the vote
when the votes were coming in there's no
getting around it that's really sad at
the end of the day this it doesn't look
like this is the end of the world the
legislature looks like it wants to find
a balance between the will of the people
and this Court ruling from last year and
so it looks like they'll stop short at
marriage but they will at least be some
kind of recognition for same-sex couples
on the island finally but I I came here
to increase notice this is a gay
district in in Taipei called Hong roll
and I came here to kind of like get a
bit of the vibe an outside of the metro
station the load of young I would assume
that activists standing proudly and
honorably and with dignity just offering
free hugs which is a cliche from like
the early days that is right
oh but it broke my heart
to be rejected by your home and to then
come out and to standards still be like
cloud to exists and stuff I love this
place I used to study here I used to
live here
I love Taiwan so very much and this vote
really broke my heart because this is
also a community that I feel part of um
but this is gonna be okay
it's not what we wanted and what we
needed but this will be okay oh god it
hurts they I know how to close this
video go and follow William who's been
really good value to follow on Twitter
at the moment he's give him some great
insights not only into the marriage vote
but also to the local elections in
Taiwan and if you issue this kind of
content then subscribe is the orb and
then also like maybe watch my last
documentary which is also a laugh riot I
need to stop him serious things and make
myself cry
I've been running with oranges thank you
very much for watching tiddly
