in a year of political upset after
political upset where the confident and
powerful have been toppled we're the
underdogs and outsiders have had a surge
in popularity it is now the turn of
Europe's largest country to feel the
sting of 2017 well actually probably not
despite all of the political earthquakes
that we've seen throughout 2017 so far
it looks like Angela Merkel's by the
time you watch this is still going to be
the Chancellor of Germany her party the
Christian Democrats are still going to
be the largest party in the German
parliament and she's going to go into
her fourth term as the most powerful
person in Europe I mean credit where
credit's due
right it may seem therefore that there
isn't a lot to talk about
besides the really weird Freudian
tendency of Angela Merkel to be called
muti by her electorate but don't be
fooled Germany may look like a serene
duck gliding gracefully across the
surface of the burning lake that is
current global politics but trust me
when I say that they are paddling like
hell underneath and trying desperately
not to catch fire themselves Germany
uses a form of voting that makes it very
difficult for any one party to get over
the 50% of parliamentary seats needed
for them to be able to govern properly
this means that coalition's are the norm
and the last time Germany had a
nationwide election in 2013 we saw
Angela Merkel's CDU former coalition
with the party that came in second
Martin Schulz his SPD the center-left
Social Democrats this actually ended up
meaning that this grand coalition took
up 80% of the seats in parliament it
really is worth strong and stable eat
your heart health now just to put that
into perspective that's like the
Conservative Party of the United Kingdom
going into coalition with labor and well
hits let's just say that there's less
likelihood of that happening than bricks
in being a success but apparently the
German electorate or the majority of
them at least
enjoy prodding along the center ground
of politics however this year it looks
like a grand coalition it's going to be
unlikely to work again the Social
Democrats have been burned quite
severely by being the junior partner in
a coalition with Angela Merkel's party
and if they can they're probably gonna
try and get away with just being the
major opposition to whatever government
is formed because of Germany's voting
system a party needs to get over 5% of
the national vote in order to be
eligible to have any representation
within their national parliament called
the Bundestag and for the first time
since reunification it looks like
there's going to be up to six different
parties represented this time around
which I mean it's a lot Merkel's party
is very likely to be the largest one
standing at the end of this election so
what makes this time around really
interesting is which of the smaller
parties or which combination of the
smaller parties are gonna end up forming
a government with our hands Allah does
this sound does this sound overly
complicated well never fear uncle Josue
is here to hold your hand and walk you
through I mean this complicated
show that said there is one party that
we know isn't going to be forming a
coalition with well anybody
it's called alternative for Deutschland
and my German is great and I feel like
they're best summed up by their
selection of campaigning posters this
year
this one says burkas we prefer bikinis
classy this one chooses to completely
misunderstand the challenges of ageing
populations faced across the developed
world and simply states new Germans will
make Halloween as if there's a
production line waiting to be used by
them in Bavaria once Volkswagen have
finished using it this one says Islam
not in our kitchens because Muslims are
the only people in the whole of Germany
who don't eat pork vegans and
vegetarians don't exist and first tastes
a guy won't mention Jewish people
because you know history one kinda date
for Petri which is all
it's definitely not how you pronounce
his name suggested in 2016 that illegal
migrant should be shot at the German
border if necessary so that's okay then
one of the FDS leaders Alexander Galan
suggested that Germans should be able to
be proud of the actions of their
soldiers in World War one and World War
two which I hope I don't have to go into
detail as to why that is slightly
awkward here he also doesn't want to
live near black people and suggested
that a German Turkish social democrat
politician should be dumped back in the
country of her parents origin he's one
of the world's overt racists their other
leader Alice Felder in an email that was
leaked to the press said that Germany
was overrun with arabs and travelers
which she brushed off as fake news which
I really I really really resent that
fake news is now just a part of
political lexicon
this is all very shocking because this
will probably be the first time that
such an overtly right-wing nationalist
and then a phobic party will have
representation in Germany's federal
parliament but luckily everybody else
said that they're not gonna work with
them so there's no chance of them
actually being in government fingers
crossed
although just being in the Bundestag
will mean that they will be able to
shape a certain amount of national
discourse and I mean we saw how well
that went with the four national in
France and you kept in the UK as well as
the AFD Merkel CDU and the center-left
SPD there are three other parties that
have the possibility of forming a
government for the next four years in
Germany they are quite simply as follows
the free market pro-business free
democratic party the Greens who
obviously love a good tree but tend to
be a little bit more center of politics
than most of their European sister
parties and then there's dear linker who
are the left and a pretty much the
Bernie Sanders or the jeremy corbyn's
just for the glitch there are various
possibilities for coalition's
the votes have actually been counted and
it can take a fair few weeks for this to
actually come to anything but here are
some of the more likely possibilities
first off there's what is called a black
and yellow coalition this is the CDU and
the FDP they've governed together before
and as seen as perfect for each other as
curry and sausage but polling suggests
that they may still fall short which
would mean that there's the possibility
of what is being called a Jamaican
coalition which is the CDU the FDP
and the greens it's called the Jericho
coalition for no reason other than the
fact that the colors of the parties
correspond to the colors of the Jamaican
flag unfortunately this means that
plantains will not be replacing
sauerkraut as the national dish even
though frankly they probably should if
neither of these options work it is
possible that Merkel will be forced into
another grand coalition between her
party and the SPD though there is a lot
of bad blood that has kind of bubbled to
the surface over this election cycle so
who knows that makes the final option of
a Kenyan coalition between the CDU the
SPD and the greens even less likely but
is an yet another example of Germany
naming its coalition's after the
corresponding flag of colors of other
countries this is all very you
understand why this is so
confusing like I am basing this however
after the fact that Merkel's party's
ahead in the polls by about 15 points
and we know that polls are sometimes
wrong I mean recently
quite often wrong so it could be
possible that the SPD end up being the
largest party and a whole new slew of
kind of options of who could govern to
get over 50% of seats in the Bundestag
could come to fruition but I'm already
exhausted talking about the ones where
Merkel's the biggest party so just bear
in mind there are other options arguably
what I think is the most interesting
thing about this election is that it's
almost positively going to be the last
one that Merkel um runs in as
the leader of the Christian Democrats
and what's curious about her is that she
doesn't seem to yet have an obvious
successor to her she's seen as for one
of a better word a really strong and
stable leader over the past 12 years in
Germany um and nobody is quite sure
who's gonna fill that vacuum when she
eventually does leave probably by the
next election in 2021 this is going to
be really consequential for Germany
because it's when power vacuums exist
that's when people grab opportunities
and we see um awkward surges in polling
so certainly watch this space because
it's gonna be the next four years that
were actually gonna be really
interesting in German politics thank you
so much for watching I hope that this
has helped I've not made it more
complicated fingers crossed if is there
anything I missed is there anything that
you think people need to know let me
know in the comments below thank you so
much to all of my patrons who make me
making these informative videos possible
if you would like to also be able to
join the guys who are scrolling across
the bottom of the screen now and help
create content that educates and informs
and is also occasionally entertaining
then please go over to my patreon and
check it out that would be great thank
you very much
if you like talking about politics and
having like a safe space where you can
like you know share political opinions
then subscribe to me here over my mouth
cuz you know why not
also this video has been suggested for
you by YouTube's algorithm so you will
like it guaranteed right by now
