hello YouTube so it used to be really
simple in British society to know where
you stood if you are a flat cap you were
working-class if you could afford to go
aboard on holiday you were middle-class
and if you married into the royal family
then you were probably upper-class but
the thing is nowadays things like
hipsters Ryanair and Kate Middleton have
all kind of blurred those traditional
lines that we've had in our society and
I for one was having a hard time trying
to explain what I meant when I was
describing myself as lower upper middle
class with working-class rubes so thank
God that the London School of Economics
the University of Manchester and the BBC
have come along and created a survey
that will seamlessly pigeonhole you into
one of the seven new classes of modern
British society now I love a good online
survey where is to see which Hogwarts
house I should be in or to see which
color hair I would have if I were an
anime character so I quite happily put
in all of my details about my income my
cultural activities and my social
circles to see which section of new
modern Britain I occupied but what are
these seven new classes I hear you cry
well in descending order they are elites
establish middle class technical middle
class new affluent workers traditional
working-class emerging service workers
and precarious in order to help the
people who were like me slightly
confused by all of this new terminology
the BBC was kind enough to provide
snazzy graphics to help us remember
these seven new classes which were
respectively represented as balding men
in glasses people with goatees women in
shoulder pads Lumberjacks trendy
grandmas unwashed hoody wearers and
women in Blazers whatever country you're
from I think it would be really
interesting for you to take the test and
see what you come out has you can go
downstairs into the description box
where I have left a link to the survey
only takes a couple of minutes let me
know what you get downstairs in the
comments is it what you expected from
the messages that those of you that
follow me on Twitter have been sending
me it looks like you are pretty varied
Bunch we've got people who are elites
ranging all the way down to prokaryotes
and so I think that shows a healthy
little community that we have here well
done guys nice one I ended up in the
unwashed hoody wearer category otherwise
known as the emerging serviceworker
which I suppose makes sense I am young
active on the Facebook's and the
Twitter's and I'm just entering into the
world of work although I was a little
bit resentful of the fact that I was
being represented by an avatar with such
an apparent lack of style but I think
that the survey in itself actually
measured quite accurately what it set
out to which was my income my social
circles and my cultural interests but
then once the buzz died down on Twitter
and we got bored of putting every single
one of our friends into a new social
category I kind of felt well now what is
my goal now to move up that social
ladder
should I be aiming to grow a goatee or
be a lumberjack by the time I'm 40
because these social strata that are now
meant to define British society are very
clearly ranked and as an occupant of the
second lowest rung how is that meant to
make me feel and despite the fact that
I'm sure this survey is near invaluable
I still feel like my identity where I
come from is better described as lower
upper middle class with working-class
roots I identify with the values
associated with the traditional class
system how about you if you're in the UK
do you identify with these new labels
that we have all now been given do you
think that these seven strata are
representative of British society in
general at the moment if you're not from
the UK tell me a bit about your country
situation do you have the same kind of
fixation that Britain seems to have
about class and labeling people and
ranking us in a social order let me know
in the comments below it will be really
fascinating to hear from people from
other countries find someone in the
comments who you disagree with and have
a nice little bit of a debate I'll be
floating around down there as well and
giving you my two cents if while you're
being active you'd be able to like this
video so that other people will be able
to see that you're taking part in these
discussions that would be really really
helpful and if this is your first time
watching a vine with oranges video you
enjoy debate and you'd like to be
updated every time that I upload a video
to this channel it's usually every
week then please hit the subscribe
button that would be really really cool
thanks thank you for watching and for
engaging I've been roaming with oranges
goodbye although I was a little bit
resentful of the fact that I was being
represented by an avatar with such an
apparent lack of style
