hello YouTube so in my last video I said
this the Futurist recently published an
article saying that we are going to end
up having to work harder for longer
diversify and have less job security in
the future because of the services
industries going through their version
of the agricultural revolution with
technology taking away most of our jobs
and doing them better than human beings
and in that vein let's take a look at
this guy Adam GT hello I'm Adam
facchetti and I'm unemployed now as you
may or may not know we're in a recession
or credit crunch unlike many others I'm
looking for work as you can see from my
email inbox I've spent countless hours
applying for jobs with no luck that's a
video from his website employ atom com
where he has started a campaign to try
and get himself a job in what he
describes as the slightly vacuous
industry that is the media Adam also
made headlines recently when he spent
his last 500 pounds on this billboard
outside Kilburn station as of last week
papers have still been reporting that he
is unemployed but that he is apparently
speaking to about 50 companies and that
prospective employers like his
initiative stunts like this are nothing
new it seems like every six months
there's a new graduate standing outside
of Liverpool Street Station with a
sandwich board asking for a job in the
financial industry and there's even one
guy who wrote a song cover letter in
which he proclaims so hire me yeah yeah
but I won't work for free no no I am
very much in the same boat as Adam I
have a first from a good uni in a good
subject and I am looking for work makes
me sound like a matinee a meeting but at
the moment it seems like I've got an
awful lot of competition with
unemployment amongst young people in the
UK standing around twenty percent and
desperate calls for help like that of
Adam becoming more and more common and
it doesn't help that especially in the
creative industries lots of people seem
very willing to work for free because
positions are so scarce and I don't
think that's fair I don't think that we
should be expected to do that and I for
one can't afford to do that I as always
want to know what you guys think do you
believe that
velicity stunts like this for people
trying to find employment do you believe
that they actually work there was a snap
poll on the Huffington Post website that
showed that seventy-three percent of
people believe that Adams billboard was
a really good idea but I can't remember
ever reading a story that said something
along the lines of graduate who stands
outside of station for six weeks finds
job but then again realistically stories
about employment don't sell papers so do
you think that I'm harsh for calling
Adam desperate so you do think that he's
on the right track also would you ever
do something like this in order to get a
perspective employees attention have you
ever done anything like this something
more adventurous in order to make your
CV stand out a little bit more share
your stories down below and have a look
and see what people are saying it's a
very interesting place the Roman you're
going just comment section don't forget
to thumb me are and on a side note I've
put my name in the Hat for these things
called the shorty awards which award
stuff in social media and I'm trying to
put myself up for something in video
blogging um I don't have any votes yet
but if you could all you need is a
Twitter account if you go downstairs and
click the link then you can vote for me
it would mean a lot because you know
awards are nice i suppose and might look
nice on my CV as well um so yeah if you
could do that that would be really good
ah by then
but I will work free
I'll bring value to your company to hire
me
