happy new year Luanne see fat sow
compleanos Felicia room Russell ich
liebe vish and welcome to 2013 I thought
I do something a little bit different
for my video this week and to give you
some of my own incredibly well informed
opinions about what may be happening in
the coming 12 months also known as a
year and obviously this is quite me
focused so I'm going to be talking about
stuff like Asia technology logging
politics stuff that you may not be
interested in but I'd really am so bear
with me this video will take the format
of stuff that I think is going to be
going up in the end stuff that I think
is going to be going down in the earth
first off going up Benjamin cook lovely
man and vlogging in general few things
other than a black and white
charlieissocoollike video can like a
rocket up the ass of the YouTube
community but Ben Cooke seems to have
done that with his becoming youtube
series and he's inspired many longtime
viewers first on bloggers to pick up a
camera and talk to themselves usually
privately in a room for the pleasure of
others and to those of you who are just
starting out because of Ben cooks videos
I just want to say welcome to the
community and I'll give you about a year
before you start reminiscing about the
good times and wishing that the website
was more community driven a year or so
so going up been cookin blogging I just
want to mention that I've been a really
big fan of kpop for a good few years
before Gangnam style came along and
became the dance craze of 2012 and so
for all of you who now think it's really
cool to dance like a horse in the middle
of a club I hate you for making my thing
popular and ruining it for me some
people have predicted the International
rise of Korean pop stars in 2013 because
of the success of Gangnam style but
let's be honest after the Macarena in
the 90s there wasn't a new wave of old
Spanish men releasing dance tracks so
unfortunately Korean pop has reached its
peak in 2012 in 2013 the only
way is down did to do well in regional
elections in 2013 and even better in the
European elections in 2014 UK / now
polling third above the Liberal
Democrats in the national polls so good
for them but let's hope that with the
inevitable increased media coverage that
they are going to enjoy because of their
rise in popularity more people will come
to realize that leaving Europe is a bad
thing and that you kept is a party full
of homophobes and climate change
sceptics so going up in 2013 you came
while you were rolling around in bed
nursing a hangover New Year's Day the
Hong Kong knees were taken to the
streets to protest against their leader
who had renovated his mansion or
something it made people very very angry
protests have become ubiquitous on the
island thing have been sparked from
anything from mainlanders coming to Hong
Kong in order to give birth so their
children have Hong Kong need citizenship
to locals being turned away from taking
photos of high-end shopping districts
lating 2012 Jackie Chan was recorded as
saying that he thought the ethnically
Chinese were unable to be governed by
democracy and that he was ashamed of all
the protests taking place in his
hometown but he's a douchebag who will
sell anything from the Beijing Olympics
to shampoo so we don't need to listen to
him some of you may know that I'm one of
the organizers of some in the city
probably the greatest YouTube event in
London during the summer that is going
into its fifth year in 2015 hopefully um
it's going to be even bigger and better
this year and we're working really hard
to try and make it the best one yet you
can go downstairs and see where you can
buy tickets this year we're doing this
just so that people are safe and so that
we can raise money to make it as good as
possible so go downstairs and pick up
your ticket this this is a shameless
plug but going up in 2013 summer in the
city America is currently rolling over
the fiscal cliff so the job market isn't
doing very well at the moment anyway but
the Futurist recently published an
article saying that we are going to end
up having to work harder for longer
diversify and have less job security in
the future because of the services
industries going through their version
of the agricultural revolution with
nology taking away most of our jobs and
doing them better than human being as a
linguist I really hope that Google
Translate stay so that I am still
able to be paid for the little amount of
work that I can actually find so going
down in 2013 unfortunately jobs a link
to the future story i just mentioned as
well as all of the stories i mentioned
in today's video can be found downstairs
in the description and if you would like
your 2013 to be further enhanced by
politics social commentary and debates
that i usually do on this channel then
please subscribe that would be good and
also click the like button that makes me
happy to you when you're downstairs
check out the comments and let me know
yourself what you think of my
predictions for 2013 and do you think
I've missed anything significant out let
me know take part in the debate I've
been roaming the villages thank you very
much goodbye but he's a douchebag who
will sell anything from the Beijing
Olympics to shampoo so we don't need to
listen to him
