hey Burton um We Need to Talk last year
David Cameron at the conservative party
conference announced his plans for the
current coalition to legalize gay
marriage people cheered some grumbled
but it finally looks like the momentum
that was started by the Labour
government was going to continue and
that same-sex couples were going to get
the same rights as heterosexual couples
finally however this week the grumbles
seem to have been guessing a little
louder as there seems to be a growing of
a billion of backbenchers ahead of the
proposed vote to legalize gay marriage
later on this year sources estimated
that anywhere between 30 and 100 toy
ministers are going to bail on the issue
but assuming that most liberal Democrat
and labour ministers vote in favor of
the change to legalize gay marriage the
number of time ministers that other
belling isn't going to be enough to
block the change completely that said
this is a side of the Conservative Party
that we haven't seen in a very long time
no one that I was expecting to see I've
never formally said this on youtube
because I've never really had to but I
identify as being gay and so I feel
quite strongly about this issue since
2005 the UK has allowed same-sex couples
to enter into civil partnerships these
carry the same legal weight as marriage
and it's often argued that the gay
community should be happy with civil
partnerships why after all should we
impose ourselves on the insane Junt
institution of marriage that has always
traditionally been between a man and a
woman so why am I not happy with civil
partnerships being the end game of gay
rights in this country because as long
as I can have a civil partner but not a
husband implies that the relationships
that I have are equal but different to
the relationships that heterosexual
couples have the love between a man and
a man and a woman and a woman should not
be classified differently to the love
that heterosexual couples have love is
love and it should be legalized that way
one of the leaders of the rebellion
David barros said gay marriage
the debate we don't need to have at this
stage it is not an issue people are
hammering us on the doorstep to do
something about but why one of the most
unsettling things about the contention
within the Conservative Party was the
lack of backlash from the public and
from the media the USA is miles behind
the UK on this issue but you've gotta
hand it to the American gays they're
really really militant about this and
they're fighting their asses off full
equality despite having a large number
of gay people who are out and open about
it in public life in the UK none of them
seem to be standing up for our rights
why is the gay community quite happy and
content with how far we've come do we
need to push it any further do we need
to have a debate are we past this as a
nation now I just feel like nobody is
standing up and shouting for my rights
and I would quite like that thank you
very much please do let me know what you
think on this issue despite the fact
that this bill is probably going to be
passed do you think that we still need
to have a public debate please go
downstairs and leave a comment in the
comment section below and find somebody
else to have a chat with get some ideas
bouncing around see what everybody else
thinks about it if you're feeling
especially adventurous then please leave
a video response as well and i can get
chatting to you face-to-face that's
always nice we've also been having a
discussion about this on my twitter
account which is at jazzy John you can
also email me at vibing with oranges at
gmail com and while you're downstairs in
the comments please don't forget to
thumb me and that'd be nice I personally
think that we should be having an open
and frank discussion about this topic in
our society maybe it's because we're
british and we don't like talking about
emotions and this kind of stuff but it's
only through having a debate that we can
change other people's views europe is an
issue in my opinion that gets far too
much airtime for what it's worth but it
looks like more Tory MPs will rebel over
this than the 80 that were build against
the government last year on the European
issue I think we need to have a debate
about gay marriage do you agree I've
been one laundry
thank you very much for watching bye bye
