it was announced yesterday in a strategy
review written by the director-general
of the BBC mark thompson that the babe
is due to face major cuts their proposal
will free up to around 600 million
pounds was the corporation plans to
invest back into original programming
the BBC currently gets around 3.4
billion pounds from the taxpayer every
year and they show that they want to
dedicate about eighty percent of that
towards um creating original content the
BBC strategy review stated that we have
formed the view that the BBC can do more
to sharpen its focus on its core public
service mission to stop doing some
things that it doesn't need to do to
improve the value for money it provides
and to reconsider how it can best meet
the requirement that it offers something
to all parts of the audience this
streamlined plan for the BBC includes
having the number of sections on the BBC
website and cutting its funding by
twenty-five percent they also wanted to
become a window on the web armed with
links to external sites on every single
page to digital radio stations also
facing closure both Radio 6 music and
the Asian Network the plan is apparently
to transplant these audiences back into
radios 1 & 2 which are both to have more
of a distinct music content thing the
review also announces plans to scrap
their team projects both BBC switch and
blast it suggests that channel four
picks up these audiences the cost of
running the BBC in terms of overheads is
going to be cut by around a quarter and
a round 600 jobs could be lost by the
year 2013 there's been criticism of the
BBC in the past by other media companies
for providing too much free content
especially online as well as being too
dominant over too many years it's also
come under fire from taxpayers and
politicians alike for not being
efficient enough in spending and for
paying their presenters too much money
and not providing content that is univ
person enough despite this people seem a
little flustered Guardian journalist
Jemima kiss said on Twitter most
importantly the BBC is far more than
just a provider it should be the UK's
cultural and creative soul we should
treasure that that's why i don't think
the BBC should cut back because of
commercial rivals i personally would
also worried about the fact that the BBC
seems to be focusing on the middle-aged
middle-class market and for getting by
everybody else is it not their job to
make sure that all audiences are catered
for yes the paper suggests that the
audience left by the wayside by the
cancellation of BBC switch and blast
should be picked up by channel 4 but
what if channel 4 doesn't do that and
where are the listeners of the Asian
Network meant to go as usual please do
Tim what we think in a text comment or a
video response I will be like plowing my
way through them and telling you what I
think as well um and if you could rate
also the awesome cheers all in all I
think it's a good thing the BBC is
pulling up its bootstraps and working
for the money that the taxpayers give it
through the license thing and maybe is a
good thing that they're picking and
choosing the areas that they slash based
on the fact that they have smaller
audiences but it's important that they
make sure they don't lose sight of what
they are which is a service provider
they are meant to be AB counterbalance
to the money-making media giants like I
TV and sky who need to cater to these
massive mass audiences to keep their
heads above water things like blast and
the asian network can be pillars of
people's lives and of communities let's
just hope that they don't start thinking
about slashing local radio is that would
be bad
there has been criticism of the BBC in
the past by other media companies for
providing too much free content
especially online and they've also come
under fire for trying to do too many
things having their hand and too many
pots and doing too many I don't know
what I'm doing with my hands
