the Olympics Minister Tessa Jowell
yesterday warned the labour party of not
letting the run-up to the next general
election turn into a bitter class war
saying that she hopes that the election
campaign didn't turn into just two influ
of personality attack this comes after
Gordon Brown caused a stir a couple of
weeks ago by describing the Tory
inheritance tax policy as something that
was dreamed up on the playing fields of
Eton his comments have also been played
down by the government's Justice
Secretary Jack Straw the toy leader
David Cameron called the PM's jibe petit
with a general election looming in the
next few months and the toys ahead in
the polls this screams to me at least of
labour trying to appeal desperately to
their working-class roots it seems to be
working as well Gordon's managed to
batter the Tory lead down into single
digits for the first time in a year
according to The Last Guardian ICM poll
some even predicts that labour could win
the general election if voter turnout is
high enough my question for you today
however is not whether you think that
labour could win the next general
election but rather whether you think
that class is still an important issue
for voters basically do you care that
David Cameron went ated it may be
because of my upper middle lower upper
middle class background but for me when
I was growing up the class and was never
really an issue
I was acutely aware that my grandparents
had come from working class backgrounds
but other than that never really had to
think about it what about you do you
think you're as aware as class as say
your parents or grandparents and does
this recent push by the Labour Party to
make the toys look like out of touch
tofs
appeal to you I know that just a second
ago I said that class didn't really have
any kind of importance to me so I may
sound like I'm contradicting myself a
little bit but if I'm completely honest
it does bug me that Cameron and a lot of
his Shadow Cabinet
had these privileged backgrounds where
everything revolved around Oxbridge and
having links with the echelon of society
and I hate myself for the fact that I
care about it but I do but then when we
think about it loads of the Labour Party
have had really privileged backgrounds
themselves so is this attack
apparent attack by them really going to
work if they're just as guilty as the
people they're accusing let me know what
you think in the text comment or video
response this is probably a topic that
quite a few people are going to feel
very strongly about so I look forward to
debating with you in the comments if I
could be cheeky enough to ask you to
rate as well that'll be really nice the
stars are down here somewhere
also feel free to follow me on Twitter
and read my blog both of which are
linked in the sidebar um and yeah I will
speak to you soon I'll speak to you in
the comments I hope you had a lovely
Christmas and I hope your new year is
gonna be wonderful right bye
