Facebook has managed to make itself
rather useful since it was created in
2004 alongside helping hundreds upon
millions of people maintain those
slightly awkward relationships that they
would have otherwise discarded after
leaving high school Facebook has also
been instrumental in being the catalyst
for countless online campaigns and
demonstrations and let's not forget that
it also gave us farmville you may say
that farmville in its own right has been
helping contribute to World Peace
bringing hundreds of thousands of people
together under the one profession
Facebook farmer but for the organizers
of Facebook this power apparently isn't
enough Facebook recently teamed up with
the persuasive technology lab of
Stanford University to create peace
facebook com this project aims to bring
together some of the most opposed
demographics on the face of the planet
promoting friendships between Muslims
and Jews us liberals and conservatives
at Shia and Sunni Muslims amongst many
many others peace facebook is part of a
wider initiative called the peace da
project which is organized by Stanford
University a spokesman said that the
peace da project was confident in
achieving something close to world peace
in the next 30 years the process for
increasing world peace is innovation
lots of it there's no single answer no
single solution together we must
innovate and create more empathy
understanding tolerance and so on
facebook also I said that they were
proud to be part of the project by
enabling people from diverse backgrounds
to easily connect and share their ideas
we can decrease world conflicts in the
short and long term I loved the idea of
this project it remind me of something
that our queen Rainer of Jordan did with
YouTube in 2008 where she encouraged
people to ask her questions about being
a Muslim women and therefore break down
stereotypes it seems like a similar kind
of promotion of dialogue and getting to
know people for people having a just
labels I posted a comment on the piece
Facebook homepage which was subsequently
posted on my Facebook homepage um
a friend of mine saw it and she
subsequently posted something a little
more down to earth jaza you've blogged
about the BMP we have communities that
live right next door to each other
showing shops schools and bins who rage
against each other I somehow doubt that
a load of middle-class kids on Facebook
are about to change them people like
disliking people do you agree with my
friend is this project just a lot of hot
air who's really gonna be affected by
this anyway yes millions upon millions
of people use facebook but how many
people who are in areas of conflict
places like Afghanistan Pakistan Gaza
how many of them are actually going to
be directly affected by this kind of
project and surely the people who are
going to go to this site are you going
to have ideas about having a dialogue
and isn't it like just like preaching to
the converted please do leave me a
comment or video response I'm telling me
what you think about this project um and
I will do my very best to get back to
you I've got to admit I remain
optimistic although I think that phrases
like world peace should be reserved for
Ione and beauty pageants I think
projects like this are really helping to
bring together like people from across
the world cheesy as it sounds um and
increase international understanding and
like breaking down cultural values and
all of that stuff connections on a
grassroots level is exactly how tensions
between people can be dispelled void of
government or media biased people can
get to know each other as people and not
just as another Jew on a Muslim or
another conservative or another liberal
or whatever and like deep down where
were the same early we'll just want to
be loved right
