I leave the country for belly em um from
what happens there's a contestant outed
on The X Factor is racist comments on
Strictly Come Dancing the Daily Mail
personally my favorite publication has
now caused disturbed because of an
apparently homophobic columnist it's
like the whole country is falling apart
without me there of all the
controversial topics currently floating
around the British media moment I would
like to specifically talk about two of
them um one of them involving this guy
Gert folder um who is a Dutch MP and his
entrance into England Gert Boulder is
let's just say not too keen on the Koran
um he released a film in 2008 called
fitna um which directly links the
Islamic holy book on to terrorism and is
it was a film widely regarded to be
racist he tried to enter the UK in
February this year but was turned away
at Heathrow Airport because the
authorities believe that his presence in
the country would endanger Public
Security because of the expected
backlash of protests and violence and
things like that this ban was
subsequently lifted arm and earlier this
week mr. Valda came to London um to talk
about um his views and his film and all
of that lovely stuff he described his
presence in London as a victory for
freedom of speech Volder was greeted at
his press conference by a number of
angry muslim protesters who were
according to the BBC chanting slogans
like valdez go to hell freedom go to
hell sharia for the UK and islam will be
superior it does seem a shame that 40 or
so protesters are doing a wonderful job
of backing up valders points where's the
vast majority of British Muslims will
not emphasize with their views at all
when asked how he felt about the
protesters Valdez said I am very proud
the people even if they totally disagree
with me can use their democratic right
to protest when I heard this I thought
well good on him like maybe he's cool to
ban the Koran
really something that I can emphasize
with but at least he's standing up for
freedom of speech somebody else I would
like to talk about is this man Nick
Griffin who is the party leader of the
BMP the British national party and some
of you may remember I've made a video
about them before in the past on the
twenty-second of October this Thursday
um he will be sitting on a panel on the
BBC's program question time which is the
biebs leading flagship political
commentary television show for a long
time Griffin as well as members of his
party were banned from appearing on
terrestrial television and a lot of
mainstream politicians refused to debate
with them because a lot of the party's
policies are often regarded as racist
amongst many many others The Guardian
editorial condemned the BBC for allowing
the party on to a live debate show
saying by placing nick griffin on a
panel with established politicians
question time will not expose this
extremist but lend him a spurious
legitimacy over an hour to a national
audience of three million or so the BMP
will have its best-ever platform for its
poisonous politics few politicians do
plausible sloganeering as well as nuh
Griffin few racist so dangerously slick
is this Cambridge graduate nestled
between the cabinet minister and an
opposition frontbencher the BNP leader
will seem an ordinary politician for one
glorious evening this extremist
organization will be accorded the status
of just another party perfectly
deserving of a cross on the ballot paper
the editorial is also keen to point out
that they believe that the BNP should be
on TV and that their view should be
exposed um but they think that an open
platform like a panel show um allows too
many chances for like one liners and
slogans and things like that whereas
like a one on one interview would be a
better way to like to beat them down and
expose them for the radicals that they
are tell me what you think please as
always um do you think that Valders and
Griffin should be given forums in this
country in which they can express their
less than conventional views in the case
of boulders do you think that the fears
of violent backlash were justified and
in the case of Griffin do you think that
he's going to be able to attend his time
are on question time into something
beneficial for his party in terms of
what I think we have to remember and be
proud of the fact that Britain is a
democracy country where people and the
media have complete freedom of speech
and if you have a democracy like this
where you can have a wide spectrum of
opinions you're going to have people who
are going to be on the fringes of normal
thinking like the BMP like um Boulder's
as well as the people who were
protesting against him although these
people views go against those in
mainstream society and can quite often
be offensive I think that we should
celebrate the fact that they are allowed
to have these views and not be
prosecuted in any way in the case of got
boulders the fear of social disharmony
and violence ended up just being 40 or
so extremist Muslim protesters outside
the place where he was giving a press
conference and I think the people who
are against the BNP appearing on
question time don't give the British
public enough credit we are not a nation
of racists skeptical about immigration
and the EU get probably we are but the
number of people who agree with some of
the BNP's key policies such as the
opposition of interracial marriage as
well as the fact that only white people
can join their party the people who
agree with these facts are few and far
between it's down to the other panelists
on the show as well as the moderator
Dimbleby to make sure that these that
the BNP's policies are well I don't want
to say exposed but that people know
about them that people know that they're
not a normal party that they that the
majority that better some of their views
don't stand up in today's more liberal
society so yeah please do tell me what
you think about the VMP appearing
sometime about got velders being allowed
into the country I apologize I can't
reply to comment at the moment because
ironically um China's internet doesn't
allow me to UM but like feel free to
talk amongst yourself and I read every
single comment because I get them
emailed to me um and yeah so leave me a
comment anyway tell me what you think
and that would be nice if any point you
do want to contact me directly and ask
me anything rhyming with oranges at
gmail com is where you can get hold of
me on a side note if anyone can somehow
record the question time on thursday the
one with the with nick griffin on it and
send it to me somehow that would be
really nice because i can't watch it
here because i'm in a foreign country
obviously that would be lovely okay I'm
gonna go now oh boy
