at the manchester gathering in the mayor
fest you may have seen this guy
wandering around with a big camera and a
film crew his name is Steve and he's
been shooting a documentary about us
vloggers for a university project he
asked me to talk about the fact that
what we post on the Internet
whether it be videos texts or photos can
have a direct effect on our real lives
specifically that you can win or lose a
job interview by what you say about
yourself on your myspace profile or even
get fired from a job because that you've
posted a video on YouTube venting about
a couple of customers that happen to get
a little nervous one day this topic is
relevant to everybody here on YouTube
who posts videos and I'd really like to
hear your opinion on the matter do
current and future employers have the
right to read our blogs and take a look
at our Facebook photos and do you think
that your personal profiles across the
web paint an accurate picture of you
comments and video responses would be
much appreciated personally for me I can
easily see both sides of the argument we
all know that when we post something on
the web is free to be seen by
practically anybody so why put things in
such a public domain when we know our
boss could be reading our deepest and
darkest secrets
ten minutes later however these are our
Diaries that they're reading can we not
let off steam in a vlog or post those
pictures of the night where we got a bit
too carried away so that our friends and
family can laugh along with us the
Internet has become a place where we can
kick back relax and interactive our
mates without having to worry about work
and if we can get away from the daily
grind here then where can we
