my name is jeiza I'm a British blogger
that focuses on politics and LGBT issues
and you weren't aware America love their
guns I was invited earlier this year to
take part in a tour of the US put
together by the American Embassy in
London focusing on American values one
of which was gun culture in this video
I'm gonna try and understand why guns
are so important to such a large number
of Americans and also why more and more
LGBT Americans are turning to firearms
to defend themselves the statistic you
may have heard is that the 300 million
guns in the United States since 2009
there have actually been more guns than
people we actually estimate now that
there are a hundred and thirteen guns
for every 100 US citizens this is by far
the largest per capita ratio on the
planet number two on the list is Serbia
with 59 guns for every 100 people in my
country the UK only has six guns for
every hundred people the statistic you
may not have heard of is the reasons
that Americans give for choosing to arm
themselves over the years pew have
tracked how people have responded to the
question why do you own a gun in 1999
49% of American gun owners said that
they owned a gun for hunting only 26
percent said that they owned one for
protection fast forward to 2013 and the
two reasons practically trade places 48%
of people then said that protection was
the main reason that they owned a
firearm with only 32% saying that they
owned one for hunting and then last year
in 2016 67 percent of Americans said
that they owned a firearm in order to
protect themselves can you perhaps maybe
see a trend if only we knew of an event
in the late 90s that perhaps could have
set off this upward trajectory of
Americans choosing to arm themselves for
protection reasons rather than
recreation
you were just joining us two young men
apparently dressed in long black trench
coats opened fire about an hour and a
half ago at a high school just outside
of Denver in Littleton Colorado we have
heard some pretty frightening stories
from students describing gunshots
ricocheting off lockers they they
describe these suspects as students of
this school can you confirm for us that
you are looking into that possibility
we're looking into it but we have no
idea who the shooters are as of yet can
you give us any more information on the
kinds of weapons you think these
suspects may have we have no idea only
thing we know is automatic weapons to
students we spoke with on the telephone
described them as members of the
trenchcoat mafia which is a group they
just say are a group of disenfranchised
kids that have threatened revenge in the
past for it for kids making fun of them
have you heard that theory no the
Columbine massacre is seen as a
watershed moment for the gun control and
gun violence debate in the United States
where in other developed Western nations
where these kinds of tragedies mass
shootings happened for example the
Dunblane shooting in the United Kingdom
and the Port Arthur shooting in
Australia these tragedies in their
respective nations saw the instigation
of more gun control laws and the
reduction of firearm ownership in their
respective populations in the US however
after the Columbine shooting you saw an
increase in talking about security at
schools debates about bullying and
violence in video games but actually
very little in terms of concrete
legislation that would have reduced the
amount of guns circulating in ownership
in the u.s. in his 2002 documentary
Bowling for Columbine Michael Moore
suggests that America's obsession with
guns goes beyond the Second Amendment
right and the history of a nation on the
frontier he suggests that people want to
own guns in the US because of the fear
that is perpetuated by politicians and
the media which fuels a desire to
defend oneself I think that there is
some truth to that and I got a chance to
put this to the NRA the National Rifle
Association themselves while I was in
the US which is I mean a little crazy
they are the leading like pro-gun
advocacy group in the United States and
as well as providing loads of like gun
safety programs which is something they
enjoy talking about a lot they also
spend millions backing political
candidates who support their views on
supporting gun rights in the US I
chatted to Katherine Mortensen media
liaison for the NRA in order to try and
understand where her and her
organization were coming from it started
off by asking her to describe what it
was specifically that the NRA does in
the world
so the NRA z' mission is primarily to
teach firearm safety education training
but secondarily and something that our
members are asking more and more of us
is to protect their second Amendment
rights I think that's what we're more
know
around the world yeah and so we are the
nation's oldest civil rights
organization our mission is to protect
the Second Amendment a lot of the NRA
kind of land is about freedom Second
Amendment rights bear arms protection
how do you feel about other nations that
have decided to in the face of similar
tragedies in the u.s. unfortunately
we're huge bonuses the fact that we have
more restrictions on do you think that
we're had a lot
well we've seen in America that more gun
laws does not necessarily mean fewer
crime because we know that criminals
don't obey the laws what happens in this
country is we pass more gun laws and it
just makes it harder for law-abiding
citizens to protect and defend
themselves when people are able to
protect and defend themselves with a
firearm then they feel secure in their
person and that's what we're trying to
do is ensure that people have that
ability you need to protect and defend
themselves their families their homes
and in America we don't want to rely on
the government to do that do you think
that we're at a loss in like Europe and
Australia and those places by having
more gun restrictions yes absolutely so
are you saying that like Britain is
fundamentally less free yes because of
that so interesting I actually really
liked Katherine and I think she
demonstrated really well how he doesn't
matter how somebody like me like a
bleeding-heart liberal it doesn't matter
how many statistics I bring to the
debate this kind of discussion around
guns the US has is very much cultural
and that is one of the reasons why it's
actually very hard for non American like
people and non American like news
organizations are able to find time to
talk to them because they have no
interest in what the rest of the world
thinks about the gun debate in the US
they only care about looking after their
own people understandable what really
interested me about what Katherine said
was her suggestion that countries like
the United Kingdom are less free because
of our lack of a fundamental right to
bear arms and when I think about that I
think about the fact that like in the UK
um I can drink on the street if I want
to and I can cross the road wherever I
want whereas those are two laws that are
enforced to varying degrees across the
United States but seem mad to me because
I mean I should be able to sit for seco
in the street if I want to and when it
comes specifically to talking about guns
I admit that we're in the
have given up the freedom to carry guns
and to have them even without a license
but the likelihood of me being shot and
killed by someone is greatly reduced
crime levels in the u.s. in the UK are
about the same deaths in the UK as a
result crime a lot higher
some people hypothesize that that is
because there are a lot more guns
available in the United States obviously
both the UK and the US have freedom we
just have chosen to have different types
of freedom after talking with the NRA we
went to Florida and if the Columbine
shooting was the watershed moment for
the discussion around gun rights and
ownership in wider America the shooting
at the post nightclub in Orlando that
killed 49 people was its equivalent for
the lgbtq+ community it was the
deadliest mass shooting in American
history the deadliest attack against
LGBT people in American history and the
most deadly attack on US soil since 9/11
so there you go since that's attacked
the LGBT gun advocacy group pink pistols
which is a brilliant brilliant name I
have seen their membership across the
United States increased from 1,500 to
9,000 that's an increase of six times
and when I was in Florida we were lucky
enough to chat to the head of the local
chapter Erin pallet who also writes
extensively about gun rights and trans
issues she introduced herself and told
us what it was like being somebody who
holds both pro lgbtq+ and pro-gun use so
to give you some basics here
I am a licensed concealed carrier I am a
member of the NRA and I understand you
met with them the NRA is a bit of an
acquired taste
I am also transgender hopefully it
wasn't obvious but I think it is we've
been to Baia yeah no surprise and so
this puts me in a very interesting
position of being pro LGTBQ and pro
firearm and there are good reasons for
that because most people think that if
you're a gun on our you're on the far
right the the stereotype is you are
conservative heterosexual primarily
white primarily male and if you are
LGTBQ that you are on the far left that
you hate guns
you hate gun owners and you were very
much in favor of gun control
well I'm proof that you can be both
she also allowed us to handle her rifle
which was well interesting
safety is it two eyes open or one eye
open um there's a bit of an argument
about that those days I think it's both
eyes open especially because this is
unmagnified okay cool
all right and then I go boom and then I
got to talk to her afterwards about
precisely what she identified the
perceived clash of ideologies of being
both Pro lgbtq+ and throw guns and I was
expecting and hoping to get something a
little less media friendly and filtered
for my own and I think I think I managed
to get that
okay hey so when I was what I find
really interesting about your stance on
guns is that you are when you were given
your demonstration to us never once
talked about the Second Amendment or the
fundamental right to bear arms and all
that kind of stuff you were very much
talking about safety
whereas when we were talking to the NRA
was a hundred percent the other way
around like it was speckled with the
safety stuff but it was a lot more about
the fact that we are freer because we
can we can bear arms when I incorrect me
if I'm wrong when you spoke to us it
seems like conceal and carry in carrying
a weapon and being proficient in guns is
more of a necessary evil it's that kind
of like it is that an accurate
interpretation
hmm well yes or no no I'm very fond of
that answer um the at this point in time
it seems like carrying concealed isn't
necessary evil because there is
unfortunately wickedness in the world
there are people who mean us harm and so
because I do not want to rely on the
kindness and charity of strangers I will
choose agency I will choose to be
empowered and I will defend myself
rather than rely on the mercy of someone
who may not have any soul in a perfect
world I shouldn't have to carry so in
that case carrying concealed is a
necessary evil but I will also say that
there is an enjoyment to shooting guns
there is a sense of accomplishment in
you know the sport of aiming and hitting
what you are aiming at it and guns are
neat in the way at least as far as I'm
concerned and the way that other people
think that cars are neat or motorcycles
are me there is an appreciation for the
procedure
Machinery pretty elegance and design for
the effectiveness in which it works and
I appreciate that as they do what I want
them to do which is to send a piece of
metal downrange for equipment that can
be used to kill and it's remarkably good
at it and that's why I carry so it's on
the one hand there is just the pure
aesthetic you know it does what I want
it to do it's effective it's fun that
sort of thing but in terms of of killing
people which is what most conversations
about guns go to it's not that I enjoy
them because they kill if I enjoy them
because they defend and my life is
precious it's worth defending your life
is valuable and it's worth defending and
so I feel that as oxymoronic as it
sounds killing in the defense of saving
a life is a virtue when people use stuff
like the second Amendment rights of
everybody has the right to have a gun it
seems to go beyond the needs to have
like a license the needs to have
training the need to have background
checks the needs of you screened all of
that kind of stuff is there conflict
with your kind of attitude upon
ownership and that kind of more I'm
gonna use level in the traditional
smaller liberal sense liberal idea of
people being able to own guns I believe
most gun owners if you ask them do
believe that we shouldn't let dangerous
people have access to them you know we
don't want to allow a mass murderer to
have one so I understand the necessity
for background checks while I understand
that gun control comes out of a good
place because they want to stop deaths
and stopping senseless deaths is
something everybody well yes I I
completely in agreement with that I feel
like they are not addressing the problem
they are did not even addressing a
symptom they're addressing the the
cosmetic feature
when I asked the lady from the NRA
whether she thought that people in
Britain were less free and should be
able to bear arms in the same with
American spoon she said yes you are less
food left yes you should be able to bear
arms in the same way when I've had a
chance to like think about is the fact
that I disagree with the fact there so
on paper I guess I am less free when you
think about with restrictions and stuff
but actually what is the freedom that I
enjoy from those restrictions
I enjoy the freedom of not being fearful
of the amount of gone flying into our
city even though there are high crime
areas like the chance of me getting shot
and killed and somebody putting out and
confinement gangs is way way lower in
the UK than it is in the US and I like
we as a society have kind of chosen to
have a different kind of freedom I think
if you lived in the UK and we actually
have fairly similar like in terms of if
you wanted to enjoy comments as sports
um you wouldn't be able to have like a -
in the same way that you do or a hand in
the same what you do you do but you'd be
able to enjoy shooting as a sport would
you still feel the need to be a gun
owner I probably would and it doesn't
really have much to do with Britain it
has to do with me being transgender
mm-hmm and as I mentioned before LGTBQ
people are disproportionately victims of
violence 20 to 25 percent of us are all
victims of violence during our lifetime
and that's very high for such a small
group of people and so yeah I
until what I am is not seen as some sort
of I'm letting you see me as a freak and
I'm not saying you don't like that but
there are people in the world who see me
and don't like what I am and would just
assume kill me
and it's not really about where I would
live it's the fact that I know that evil
exists and it's going to exist
everywhere I I don't wish to bring up a
sore subject but Manchester evil exists
and this protect that particular evil
decided to target your children what a
gun have saved me in that situation
probably not I'm just I'm gonna head
that off right now but the point is that
there are people who want to harm me and
I like having options okay yeah um this
was really helpful yeah I mean you what
I hope for you don't have you don't have
to agree with me I'm not trying to
convince you but if I can just get you
to go I understand
oh I understand okay um and that's
exactly what this is for it was a
privilege to speak to her in and she
made this spike in LGBTQ gun advocacy it
gave it context and made it make sense
when we were in Florida we got to speak
to some of the police who were the first
responders to the pole shooting and what
was abundantly clear was that the lgbtq+
community in Orlando is very lucky to
have a law enforcement body that
supports them and their members their
family members that community so so well
however when the administration of
entities like police forces is so
decentralized in a country like the u.s.
it can be difficult to guarantee your
rights as an lgbtq+ person or even as
like a person of color or woman any
minority depending on where
you are the the police department of
Orlando in Central Florida may have a
fantastic track track record when it
comes to lgbtq+ rights if I go an hour
down the road that may not be the case
this lack of trust in authority even
those that a mentor protect Asst was a
vein that I saw running through the
United States as I traveled through them
and honestly if I this is probably going
to be quite controversial but if I were
living in a place like the United States
where my rights as an individual citizen
were not guaranteed to be protected by
those who are supposed to do so I can
understand and maybe I would choose to
arm myself get down the shooting range
on a regular basis make sure I shoot
straight or gay and you know take the my
safety and the safety of those around me
into my own hands
if the people that I pay taxes to
protect me aren't willing to protect me
and will sometimes be harmful to me
police brutality across the u.s. is
appalling especially against trans women
yeah I can totally empathize with that
and I totally understand why more LGBTQ
people are turning to bypassing the
bureaucracy and protecting themselves
the world is terrifying right now from
the D Hadid KKK to Vogue vans running up
and down busy tourist streets I think I
understand now more than ever the desire
to protect yourself when the systems
that are meant to protect you fail I'm
just lucky like as a British person that
I don't feel like those institutions
have failed me as a British white
cisgendered man
and it's important to ensure that we all
know when these systems fail for people
and I guess when these systems fail like
we see this in the u.s. now I mean I
guess they at least have the right and
the ability to bypass that system
whereas I can't I think I may have just
blown my own mind whoops
please let me know what you guys think
in the comments below this was a
privilege thank you so much to the
American Embassy for allowing me to go
on this trip it was life-changing before
you go we need to do some real talk
so you tuber now de monetizing an awful
lot of their videos of our videos
creators videos because you talk about
like controversial issues and I'm a guy
that talks about politics and mental
health LGBTQ stuff I talk about Trump I
talk about racism a lot of my videos
have been be monetized and I would
really appreciate if you have the money
and the time and if you think that the
work that I do is worth a dollar then if
you would consider becoming a patron of
mine I'll leave a link down below and
also here but please help me to keep
this channel going because I think that
we do we have valuable and interesting
and important chats here and I'd like to
keep being able to do that if you liked
this video and you should probably
subscribe because I am brilliant frankly
you can subscribe here on my face or
watch this video which YouTube has
personally selected for you so there you
go bye bye
