hello Internet Gaza here you're never
going to do something slightly different
we're going to be talking about the hit
UK sex romp reality TV show love island
it's really catered to the need for the
masses to partake in some kind of
collective viewing of people locked away
either on an island or in a house
somewhere in the world and that in crazy
how popular this show is like it's
gotten to the point where you go to the
hairdresser and they don't ask you about
your holidays anymore they ask you about
who you fancy on love island I am
interested in talking about it today
because it was suggested a couple of
days ago by the man that created the
format that he would like to see a gay
version of love island on british
mainstream television screens I have
mixed feelings about this that I will go
into later on in this video first of all
I feel like we need to rectify something
because I can't really have an opinion
on a show that I've never seen so let's
watch a little bit of this show together
and see if this could actually in fact
be an incredibly high brow look into the
dating scene United Kingdom you never
know love Island Christ is 42 episodes
and three seasons I had no idea okay I
think that the best thing that we can do
in order to try and understand this the
most is go back and watch the first
episode of this series if we can okay we
can't go far back enough to watch the
first episode so let's pick one at
random and buy random I mean the one
with the most attractive thumbnail out
of two familiar faces into the Vidur the
boys take part in the striptease
don't judge me
guidance strong sexual adult content and
scenes of a sexual nature I mean I'm
surprised are you oh well it's a nice
house
do they all like swap each other on the
island oh wow
buddy look like a gay couple still one
chris is slowly bald in the air
literally sorry she has two x's there
and is now looking to hook up with one
of the guys that's come back I feel like
this is very confusing tell you what I'm
going to skip forward to where the
striptease is because let's be fair
that's why I clicked on this video at
least the show is self-aware
oh my god there's a hole the back of his
pants are there consent for this I mean
they all seem to have lovely bodies
which I'm sure means that they have
really impersonality I I'm gonna stop
that I'm going to stop I mean I mean
it's entertaining no although I do feel
like I understand the psyche of my
nation a little bit more sings this is
apparently such a big such a big show I
mean obviously that is just like and
it's reality TV but I am genuinely
really quite excited about the prospect
of there maybe being a gay version of
this there are some negative sides to it
too and I'll adjust them first reality
TV has a history of stereotyping its
contestants into particular buckets um
and portraying like kind of like the
freakshow I would obviously be worried
that a m/l orgy or be a multi version of
this show would end up being maze just
better just for the spectacle but I'd be
worried that it would be made um so that
we could all Gork it look at the gays
being gay from what I've seen as well of
this show um I would be worried about
the reinforcing of stereotypes of gay
people being obsessed with sex and of
aesthetics what I think a reality TV
show that actually does gay
relationships really nicely is a
show called first dates where it's all
kind of sweet and innocent and everybody
feels that seems like they're all
looking for love there and it just seems
really lovely and portrayed gay
relationships as just like a couple of
people going on a date and at most they
end up well we see they're kissing by
the end of it which is avoiding
something of hide our planet you should
yeah
ordered something like pineapple over
all right there is a long history of gay
people being defined by their sexual
appetites is this going to help or
hinder the cause of betraying um
especially gay men as well-rounded human
beings that think with things other than
their penises perhaps not and also kind
of the idea that a label like gay though
it's the one that is a perfect example
in representation and is perfect label
for somebody like me especially for
young people it isn't but often very
useful these days we live in an age
where sexualities are way more complex
and genders and gender expression are
way more complex is a show like this
going to be able to portray like pan
identities or gender fluid identities
let's be fair probably not probably not
a show like this is probably not the
remit of a show like this though let's
be fair the positive side of their
possibly being at a gay version of this
show with same-sex couples is the fact
that it's the possibility of a
prime-time show that ends up getting
talked about by millions as like part of
the national conversation would
normalize the idea of same-sex
relationships and same-sex couples and
yes same-sex sex one of my followers
Kenny did have this to say about reality
TV as a genre and is it there is a
general perception or
of reality-tv kind of being the opiate
of the massive and making us all thick
and dumb I would counter that because I
think that there are examples of reality
television shows being fantastic mirrors
to the communities and the societies
that they represent and challenging them
in a way that isn't necessarily possible
in a lot of other media my favorite show
on television is RuPaul's Drag Race and
though it's occasionally had a patchy
history when it comes to the
delicateness with which it approaches
certain terminologies and topics I think
that that show has done a brilliant job
of representing the queer community
there have been examples of hiv-positive
people talking about their stories and
really humanizing people who are living
with that condition there are really
heartwarming examples of trans women
coming to the realization that they are
trans which has been so beautiful we had
pet mitt on the last season who is the
first person to compete in RuPaul's Drag
Race all the way through as a out proud
trans woman from the very beginning and
that was phenomenal if there were to be
a same-sex version of something like
love island the possibility of being
able to tell those really frank stories
about people from our community um could
be if done properly brilliant there's
also the really exciting possibility and
idea of LGBTQ people and especially gay
men of having um a light shone on our
community that would stop us how do I
put this stuff is getting away the
bullshit that still exists especially in
the gay male community if the queer
community and especially the gay male
community I'm speaking from like my own
experience as a gay dude if we're held
to account for um the idea of
um feminine men um being lesser of
people with HIV
being avoided and kind of shunned in the
dating scene
the idea of people's racial prejudices
when it comes to dating just being
preference I'd be really excited to see
those ideas challenged on a dating
program like like this the show Prince
Charming which was kind of like the
bachelor for gay guys actually I think
did this reasonably well with there
being quite frank arguments between cast
members based on each cast members own
prejudices when someone attacks you like
that and what are you dreaming
everything like that was a particular
dress all that stuff it was you know it
was very derogatory it was homophobic it
was no no no I dress you were just in
your shirt like you were wearing a dress
it managed to challenge the
preconceptions that a lot of people have
towards people who have worked in the
sex industry to people who are loud and
effeminate a camp and people who have a
HIV status it's reality TV despite what
Kenny says can be a really good way of
bringing light to these issues
the thing is though is a show like love
island going to do that what do you
think let me know in the comments below
I really like the idea that a friend of
mine on to where they had Fiona she said
that there could be an all by or an old
hand like group of people on a show like
alignment where everybody is just like
all of the possible relationship strings
would just be such a mindfuck
and incredibly entertaining I'm an
optimist and so I'm cautiously excited
about the prospect of this being a
television show would i watch it who
knows probably says there's more strip
scenes thank you very much for watching
videos that I make here are made
possible by my patrons who are kind
enough to donate and support these
creations that I make it's really really
fun I'm so lucky you guys are great
thank you love you all
um I'll see you on the livestream in a
few days I've been Java you can watch a
video here because that YouTube thinks
you'll like who knows what's going to be
suggested and how I've talked about love
Island um and you can also subscribe
here which is my face
in a ball lovely very good right the
anti-tb
done
