hello internet Jazza here Barclays Bank
asked me to march with them at this
year's Pride Parade thousands upon
thousands of people marched with
whistles blowing and colors flying to
support and celebrate being part of the
lgbtq+ community but you may well ask in
an age where in the UK we can get
married close to equal rights in the
workplace we have people in politics
sport and media out and open about their
identities and who may not why do we
still March we march to be visible to
show that love happens here and remind
them that we're not going anywhere to
remind ourselves and them that we aren't
ashamed who we are where we're from what
we look like what we wear or what we
sound like
we march for every kid who we used to be
scared and confused as to whether or not
our friends family or colleagues or the
world will accept this we march to prove
that it does get better that we deserve
to be loved and will be supported by our
communities that we build we March to
assure those kids growing up know that
there is a future waiting for
we margin the face of fear and for those
who may not yet understand to prove that
we are fabulous people with every ounce
of humanity that they have we watch to
celebrate for the good times we've had
and to create new ones we March as
friends and as strangers we march for
those who are not yet as lucky as us for
those who are unwelcome through no fault
of their own who don't get the
protection they deserve in their
communities we must have throw our arms
open to them and to remind ourselves
that we all keep fighting for I March
because I have to because I've seen how
far we've come but also how far we have
to go these are my streets this is my
city these are my people and I'd be
damned if anybody ever forgets that
including myself I'm going to be making
another video about why this year's
pride was particularly important for me
in the next couple of days please do
tune in and watch that it's going to be
very good but if you did come surprise
this year if you march with us or if you
on the sidelines thank you it was a
great great day and we'll see you all
again next year
treat Lou
you
Oh
