right well here we are again hello
Internet Java here the other day was
being nice and polite you know sorting
through my Instagram DMS when I received
this message which was you know unwanted
and why this made me so angry but
brilliant at the same time I've made
videos about body confidence twice
before once when I was more I had a more
conventional build and I probably
objectively had fewer things to worry
about another time when I had put on
weight and I was trying to put across a
message that people should be okay with
not being okay with their bodies and now
I'm making another one where this is
what I look like hey come and I can say
I don't feel like I look any worse or
better than I did in those videos and I
couldn't care less to be frank
because that message that some asshole
sent me on Instagram for the first time
ever when somebody has mentioned the way
that I look at my weight I couldn't give
two fucks I really do not care what you
think and that goes for all of you who
are watching if you are even if you even
think about posting those kinds of
things to created that you watching
right now fucking dare you like my body
my body is not for you to comment on my
body is not for you I talk about
politics and queer education at what
point did I ask you guys to objectify me
I didn't and that's why this message
like pissed me off where's your right to
talk to me like that
I am a gay guy and I that culture is
still obsessed
hairless tanned well-defined torsos and
bodies as a pale non-defined weirdly
oddly hairy person I do not adhere to
those things and the amount of times
that I've had people on dating acting
yet sure
are you dating apps what of it metal
people who've gone like all notes I am
only into like defined guys and that's
happened to me so often now that I'm
like well it's literally your loss
because I'm really good at the sex the
last time I made this video um it was
really difficult for me because I was in
such a bad place myself about my body
but you know what now I'm like I am
strong and I have endured and my body is
goddamn useful and all of these years of
trying to kid myself faking it until I
made it convincing myself that all I
cared about was having a useful body I
feel like I'm finally really close to
that and for anybody who is any like
young specially gay guy but any young
guys who are going through issues of not
having one of those perfectly muscular
ripped bodies there is like a point
where you will not give a shit anymore
and you'll be proud of the body that you
have because this may not end up in a
double-page spread but it's it fucking
works like I swim faster than the vast
majority of you fuckers and I can
deadlift for days and I am so proud of
that that I've done that with this body
and fuck you if it's not pleasing to you
it's not here to please you this is a
particularly poignant topic for me to
talk about on the internet because I
went through some shit when I was
younger as a teenager I was anorexic I
wouldn't eat in order for me to
like lose body-fat and I used to make
myself sick I was bulimic as well we are
in an age where mental health and mental
illness can be talked about way more
freely but especially with dudes eating
disorders are not talked about and I was
so unhappy with the body I had I used to
put it through hell on that and for a
really long time it was so difficult
like it was like whenever I ate a little
bit too much and you feel like a little
bit queasy um to stop myself from throw
myself up was like from Tori stuff up
was really hard thing for me to do and
if you are a 128 now like I am pretty
much I feel old and it breaks my heart
that young guys who feel the same way
about their bodies are going through
that same conflict that I did and I just
want you to know that it's gonna the way
you feel about your body is going to be
fuckin tough but there is either links
that I honestly I didn't think that I
would get to this point in the way that
I felt about my body but there is
hopefully going to be a point where you
realize that people have and can find
you sexy you're going to come to a point
where um the way that your body looks
does not denote how brilliant it is how
fast it can run and though I still hate
running how fast it can swim how high it
can climb how long far it can jump like
this is an awesome unit and like
whatever I've got a bit of punch one of
the hardest things like I did in the
past few weeks on Instagram is post this
photo where if you Photoshop it to make
I look like the top of a snail but you
know what fuck it and to that guy on
Instagram who told me who was kind
enough to point out that I put on a few
kilos um thank you so much for making me
realize that I do not give a shit about
what you think about all of this I still
count down when I was a young kid in
dealing with bulimia and anorexia I
didn't ask for help from anybody don't
be like me because it's taken me over a
decade ever hafta I think to get through
it to a point where I feel like I have a
healthy relationship with my body and
food now if you have any problems with
this and you need somebody to talk to
I'll leave some links down in the
description box below for goodness sake
like just someone's talking then it
helps it really helps thank you so much
for watching my name is Jezza
occasionally I get angry at stuff and
make videos about it subscribe if you
like the ideas that occasionally I'd
tell a joke or two this wasn't overly
funny wasn't it something I'd like you
to know as well um this is like part of
my job now I do this like as an income
the thing is whenever you make videos
about controversial but important topics
like this like I talk about politics
toes and gender stuff on the body
confidence and eating disorders YouTube
run decides to D monetize that content
because it isn't seems advertiser
friendly a way that I'm trying to ensure
that this is still a viable thing for me
to do is I have a patreon where people
can donate whatever they want per month
I already have a load of really amazing
people
donate to me um they're scrolling across
the bottom here on the check out my
patreon see if this is a community that
you'd like to be part of YouTube thinks
that you will like this video of mine
probably very saucy or not
also subscribe here got that Gumby
rolled-up fun
