so you gentlemen had never watched
RuPaul's Drag Race before
not until you clean in reserves for the
group before I had never watched the
drag race
what was your understanding of RuPaul um
before watching the first episode of
series night but he did it show where
people dragged up against each other and
you a get off it and maybe reapply
attitude Cyril during that it had you
ever come across RuPaul Ryan I had no
idea existed like I'm not sure I'm glad
I know Hooters now you know that happens
so so RuPaul was kind of like a huge
cultural icon in the 90s hmm so um he
released a single called cover girl that
kind of went semi mainstream and then
did a load of like comedy spots on TV um
was kind of like our version of Lee
savage okay if you remember Lily savage'
Paul O'Grady like creation just real at
cars on plates of their new Blanca de la
Blanca pieces and was kind of like the
u.s. is most mainstream drag artist I'm
from like the 80s and the 90s fucking
sad actually isn't it like we had drag
queens on daytime TV in the 90s Oh Dame
Edna um Olivia daddy
do you not think so I know I think we've
done but I'm not I was a horrible
earning that like the political time it
has one thing as a bit conservative is a
moment so this is really interesting
because RuPaul apparently took about a
10-year hiatus from having like a public
persona during the Bush years yeah
because of the fact that the political
climates didn't seem like it is right
and drag race first came out we had
season one um in 2008 the first year of
the Obama presidency and
has obviously had a season every year
since then plus two all-stars seasons
you project explain roughly what the
drag race entails because you discover
the drag off but it a drag huh it's kind
of a competition to be the best drag
queen for Project Runway I want to know
where you're only like you you guys are
the subject I want to know what you
interpreted it as especially from the
first if I basically feel it was Project
Runway but with with drag queens
essentially I don't go and make like a
specific outfit or act or it's similar
to America's Next Top Model but for
direct links yeah it is literally meant
to be a splicing of those two reality
series yeah for drag queen specifically
ah what did you think of it are you mean
specifically I mean I spent the first 20
minutes of the show you sort of frowning
just be genuinely kind of confused but I
was gonna what was confusing about it I
didn't understand what these men's is
why does women why you suggested me to
her yeah yeah
Geor did you what do you think what did
I think the Corrib epic yeah I did I did
find it problematic and I didn't expect
myself like a programmatic like there's
a whole line of sort of backlash in
against trans culture which I don't
necessarily agree with but I'm kind of
mindful of that
do you mean within trans culture against
it was vitally feminism against trans
culture mm-hmm and it kind of seemed to
have some sort of cross-pollination with
me when I was watching this where like
certain time this the my own transgender
people stereotyping femininity but one
of the things that feminists do talk
about which something is talked about
does you know mess with my mind of it is
the idea that people who transition or
people who are transvestite have sort of
like it's stereotypes understanding or
of what it is to be a woman yes so drag
queens are very difficult form
so it's very much in many cases trying
to exaggerate yeah certain aspects of
femininity and so then we'll have like a
really large breastplate yeah there
we're really large hips you'll see is
like being uh Bonita Brown exact where's
that um so it's interesting that you
said that you found it somewhat
problematic because it's something that
actually gets a huge amount of pushback
within the queer and people car driving
around as well um because it's seen as
appropriating an awful lot of like
American african-american vernacular
culture of people like stealing from
like the ballroom scene in the 80s which
was basically majority it was people of
color generally who took part in these
drag pageants um that were all
underground and then um the movie Paris
is burning doesn't really enjoy
documenting this world but that is where
an awful lot of like the like day-to-day
vernacular uses that is used in direct
culture comes from that kind of like
ballroom scene and now lots of people
especially white this men like myself um
our scene is kind of appropriating those
words and turn the phrases without
really understanding the history that
goes behind it believe them things like
they kept calling each other bitches and
I was playing apart me in my head when I
don't know whether this is necessarily
appropriate because there are a lot of
why why was it not because there are a
lot of women who still on the jury to
some women is still out on whether you
should call each other bitches it's seen
as like a sort of reclamation in the
same way that queries animation of like
oh and offensive but if everyone in that
suit of context is all over that you
know that's the thing with subs the
thing I can't really comment because I'm
not in that world as an outside observer
who's mindful of all these different
things though I watched it and it set
off the all of these different things of
like kind of is that okay or is that
appropriate not in like a mentorship way
in quite a literal
like in terms of things like cultural
appropriation and being respectful and
not stereotyping or Landmaster it you
know set off elated different thoughts
in my mind I suppose so interestingly
this season sees the first openly trans
contestant right arm which you wouldn't
have been aware of by just watching the
first episode I'm peppermint who is that
one there yes if you remember um that so
she is already out as a trans woman and
then comes out to the list of the cast
in Episode five at the trailer so come
can you clarify she was born
biologically male but yet transitioned
boom so she's now what the she
identifies as a woman
um in terms of where she's on her
transition or whether she wants to
transition or any of those kinds of
things
I don't really know but she is a trans
woman who part it's indirect and there
have been a number of contestants who
have also saw stuff that like drag
Williams and then come to the
realization that they are trans women I
think there's like four or five right um
and that kind of this is like Venn
diagram the overlap of sis people who do
drag as false performance and know to do
its form of gender expression and then
those who do it as forms like gender
fucking is really quite interesting
implemented in by gender fucking and so
I'm dressing my way up I like doing you
would be yeah what do you behind the car
literally now I do over I'm just having
sex with concepts
know the gender fucking is when somebody
does like performance drag but will
deliberately make them to those look
disgusting will be androgynous will make
it deliberately ambiguous as to what the
gender references are knowledge and of
their use yes yes agenda I turn seventy
times in specific evolved in many ways
this is actually a really good first
episode for you guys to watch because it
has Lady Gaga in it and she's by far
like the most prominent
like super soft he's been a guest judge
on the series I didn't really get what
had relevance was to the drag community
but everybody seems to be really like
yeah everyone seems to be a baller but
she's a woman who just dressed stresses
ostentatiously so so I believe that she
would argue that that is drag right yeah
drag I mean I guess she googles the
definition because I was confused on
this issue and drag is dressing as the
opposite sex so I know an awful lot of
people who see it as just like
performance food fashion and okay let's
turn the internet a bit in the broader
sense yeah yeah I'm like quite literally
I believe it comes from dressed as girl
which was a sex Shakespearean things
like that I used on the news back then
I'm not sure how true that is but that's
like the other than I joined and focuses
yeah like I'm okay with it um but
Groupon actually quite famously says
we're all born naked and the rest is
drag deep no I'm gonna bring up so part
of this show is like seeing the looks
they put together and then make up
jumping their ability to like be fashion
oh yeah um what would your board opinion
on Linux I mean you wouldn't walk down
the street in anything you don't you
don't know like an elevator for yourself
none of them were practical really well
you're not going to get same three gets
dressed in any of those out no one of
them with the Electress michelle is
quite famous for doing a subway dish
where she goes to the gig in New York um
in full drag on the New York subway
right so actually she probably has gone
to the New York equivalent of things I
guess like an ex back inside by the
is Eric using mustard I can fall off my
garden when comes by you're chasing a
hat on the fucking tree could you at
least appreciate yeah a little bit
across syrup
yeah I mean that love art is obvious but
did any of the looks which was your
favorite of the whole episode which
which one would you like to the best I
think if you fucked me up the machine
writer just registered emotion that
would have been a whole fucking way
with occasional ride the anger perhaps
applied something to watch this debate
this video I also don't give a shit
about Lady Gaga so that elements of it
was lots of make Oh wasn't she fucking
annoying though everything had a back
story I remember this designer gave me
that outfit I don't know that was like I
don't fucking care I believe that was
John's a cat servo Jackson a Cyberman
Philip Treacy made that for McQueen and
he gave it to me because I was doing a
tribute to him and I knew that the
archives are called con desserts on my
ass and if we could wear it we get that
you're the richest person in the room
shut the fuck up
it was a bit of no dropping I am you
Alec we could we live life yeah exactly
right so so you didn't get to see what
is usually the climax of each episode
you didn't get to see then lip-synching
for their life so usually in a normal
episode they will there will be two
people who have judged to being in the
bottom two and then they will be given a
song to lip-synch to you and they
lip-sync together on stage Joel I know
I'm not I'm going to show you right now
located in transit fun alright alright
that was the thing but don't you think
that that is the best way of being a
like of deciding who wins something ever
created ever um to kind of back this up
um so as I said earlier drag race is now
on vh1 right arm a time like a major
cable network in the US it's really
available room Netley yeah do you think
that there's ever a chance of drag race
and drag in general becoming mainstream
and I can't see it that line next type
of viewing figures but they're not
really comparable things I can imagine
every season of X Factor you have a drag
yeah yeah I consider um but
interestingly they are so often the
bottom of the joke um and this is really
one of the first because one of the
problems with on drag and trans
characters as well is that when they're
depicted on TV they're depicted as like
victims or sex workers until very very
recently that's been the case and then
whenever they are on town shows people
who have like clear they're clearly very
kind to people they end up being like
mocks and the BOD of the job and I
wonder if in the British Coast that's
because our history of drug includes
what the pantomime thing and we learn
things like Monty Python as well yeah
exactly it's a bit more complicated over
here because I spent another incarnation
is to think of people in drag as
Kissimmee I don't know pantomime James
yeah
savages maybe that's just a cultural
claim is there anything you'd like to
ask me about drag race yeah I mean just
literally in use part of your enjoyment
a lot of the opposite because you're a
gay man but not as you say like not all
drag queens are necessarily gay the kind
of Tran some some some of the grounds of
it there are straight drag queens as
well also straight men who actually just
like dressing in deborah clothes yeah I
mean I would say somebody like Grayson
Perry isn't a drag queen
he's a crossdresser uh less what he's
not he's not drag because he's not doing
it as performance what the right okay so
no than a drag on yeah my Candace yes
drag is a performance where it's
cross-dressing I can be something you do
in the privacy of your own home where
everybody else ever seen my life in
education haha you're welcome but I
think that there's so the reason that
gay men enjoy this so much is because of
the I think the celebration of
femininity and so often when you're a
gay guy you are
um told not to be a sissy you're kind of
might take the mickey a second out of
you for having girlfriends more girl
makes than you have going mates when
you're growing up um if you have an
interesting like Barbies or in like
dresses or stilettos or whatever when
you're growing up you encouraged not to
do that only side was when I was going
up and drag queens just so totally
embrace all of that which we were
encouraged to be ashamed of when we were
younger so it's a kind of vicarious
learning for you it's um for it so for
me anyway it's two massive middle
fingers up to all of the insecurities
that I had when I was younger and that's
why I really appreciate like the art
form that these girls do that they that
they perform um because it's them
completely subversive what is expected
of them as like performers as
it's men though too in this men do you
not think that over time though they've
kind of being gay and being a feminists
have kind of decoupled from one another
is very tight all known well I like even
in the straight community you still have
like dating profiles that were saying no
fems no fats no Asians that feminine
isn't even in the game community yeah
yeah yeah obviously um okay but you end
up having like femininity is still
chastised within the gay community
you'll have to either like larger I've
mentioned talking about live server mask
so I pull about there are prominent gay
men who are camp if you like
yeah and that's their like you your
that's only something very recent and
when I was growing up it was just
growing often and you know it Stephen
Fry yeah but over time is that kind of
thing takes place isn't the gay
relationship to sort of drag queens
going to change because just as the way
you think about being a gay man those
issues weren't necessarily for personal
bass but I think that the only way for
that I I think the only kind of
progression for drag is that it's going
to end up being um kind of like a more
widely accepted thing because I did of
gender or so much less rigid than they
have been in the past and so because you
are going to see more on straight drag
queens you're going to see more drag
kings women dress up as guys and
presenting themselves in that way do you
think it's going to die out no I don't
think it's going to die out I think it
will arm it may end up becoming more
normalized and so much of drag
performance treads the line between what
is acceptable and what isn't and has
always deliberately pushed that envelope
yeah as it becomes more accepted and
more mainstream
that's probably going to change how much
drag is like something that arm subverts
and is a political statement in itself
or maybe it continues to be at the
fourth one um those those a comparison
with like sort rock-and-roll during the
early stages
sixteen seems very transgresses and
things like kind of promiscuity and that
sort of thing listing is outrageous by
mainstream culture and our promiscuity
is kind of a norm and that takes a lot
of the wind out of rock and roll and
just brought music in general so isn't
the same thing I mean this is kind of
what John said but at some point if it's
not no longer transgressive to
crossdress or to dress as a female if
you're male and vice versa where where
exactly is the role for drag queens I
can I think that I think that you are
always going to have um in the system
else and you're always going to have men
that enjoy dressing up as women and
lifting its songs hmm because it is fun
uh as you do yourself yeah yeah um it is
an awful lot of fun um and there's
forever different ways of being able to
gender fuck in specific ways like you
have more and more bearded drag queens
you have more trainable drag queens who
are kind of like um disgusting drag um
and like more Ponty and edgy like
there's so many different types rather
than like just 50 drag um and the medium
continues to like Instagram change the
medium of drag hugely in terms of how
people present themselves and how what
success looks like the closing down of
bars is also going to hugely on effect
the drag community especially in smaller
towns and smaller cities so it's going
to change obviously like it was always
going to change but I reckon air like
I've always wanted to dress up as women
and people have always wanted to perform
in front of crowds and that's going to
continue to happen
I can imagine I can just imagine that
somewhere in America they are keeping
they are showing clips of this to people
being like this is what they am gay
people do this is the nature the
Liberals won this is what they want men
are men like women and to answer that
yes thank you so much for watching hello
future editing Gaza a
if you like this kind of content this is
actually part of a series of other
longer videos that I've been doing with
my mate John and Jimmy I'm going to put
a video here at some point that takes
you to the one that we did about Batman
vs Superman which was a girl full of fun
to record as well um if you enjoyed
these of the video then let me know in
the comments below it's really important
because I need to be validated by you
confirming your human existence to me on
the Internet and if you've got some
spare dollar and you're willing to
support the kind of stuff that I do on
here queer political cerebral stuff that
we think about supporting me on patreon
link in the description and also in the
little exclamation mark thing you can
subscribe to my face here on the
subscribe orb and here's the video I
mentioned to you earlier love you lots
liver
