hello internet Jazza here for the
uninitiated Eurovision can be an odd
affair for some it can be intimidating
offensive downright scary especially if
you're not like me unhealthily obsessed
with the world's largest television
production outside of China's Chinese
New Year gala which I'm I'm sure at some
point you're waiting for me to review at
some point right maybe 2017 is your
first time watching and maybe you're
from the United States and I'm confused
why American Idol no longer has ruined
Seacrest hosting no idea if that
reference is relevant and whether he's
still hosting I haven't actually thought
about American Idol since 2007 so oh but
regardless I'm here to give you 10
things to look out for when you watch
the final of the Eurovision Song Contest
on the 13th of May but first here are
some honorable mentions that you will
have missed by not watching the two semi
finals this week Island and this
inexplicable hot-air balloon a tribute
to Adele from Iceland and this man with
the world's longest top knot pretending
to be a helicopter which honestly this
last one for Montenegro gave me so much
so much life I was instantly transported
to a bottie
Eastern European gay bar and it was
giving me life yeah but alas they didn't
make it past the semi-final but here's
what you need to look out for when we
get to the actual grand final the
exciting bit first of all the cute guys
who are 17 years old and so you're not
allowed to fancy them stop it there are
downsides to having a contestant whose
vocal cords haven't necessarily
completely matured yet and we very
vividly heard these consequences when I
saw her from Australia hit this note
easy
also in between category is Bulgaria's
answer to final fantasy 15
noctus crossed with Troye Sivan
Christine cost of his staging is really
bloody good maybe one to look out for
the win
there have that it for three second
thing to look out for male beauty we can
actually appreciate Shh baby don't sing
you'll ruin it
number three in our list of things to
keep your eye out for for the Eurovision
repetition specifically from Spain's
surf inspired Jason Mraz asked Jun do it
for your lover the verses of the
beautiful chirpies Spanish and then we
get to the choruses and I want to tear
my ears out how about we count together
how often he says a variation of do it
for your lover
you got the picture the fourth thing
that you should be looking out for is
Salvador doing his impression of
Garland's what was love sorry not sorry
Portugal the fifth thing that you'll
probably notice is the fact that Russia
I'm competing this year which i think is
a great shame because I always relish
the opportunity of holding up gay flags
in front of performers from regimes that
back homophobia can we also actually
quite seriously have a moment to
remember the ABS of Sergei Lazar have
their entrant from last year peace be
upon them peace be upon them this year
2017 Russia were planning on being
represented by Yulia Sun wheel over try
saying that ten times quickly when
you're drunk with the pretty song
flame is burning
however Yulia did a very silly thing and
ended up breaking Ukrainian law by
touring the region of Crimea in 2015
remember when Russia just kind of
shuffled up to Crimea and l√©gion not be
Ukraine and called dibs on it when
nobody was looking in 2014
well it turns out that Ukraine is still
kind of salty about that but politics
doesn't to play any role in your vision
at all Russia were actually offered a
chance of being able to enter somebody
who hadn't broken the laws of the host
country or even to broadcast in their
entrant via satellite but Russia first
drop and went near borscht and so no
Russia this year the sixth thing to keep
your eye out for and this is a doozy
motion sickness specifically from France
bring a sick bag the separate thing to
bear in mind when watching this year's
Eurovision is the fact that we probably
have one of the best entries and could
have won if it weren't for this little
thing called brexit bricks it I
bricks it bricks it I'm spy mm-hmm
surprise I'm from the United Kingdom and
my nation genuinely has one of its best
songs and singers that we've had in
years it's been written by a previous
women it's called I will never give up
on you and it's three minutes of Lucy
Jones soaring over these amazingly
powerful notes and the staging is
brilliant and she does have moments a
bit bit too much theatre but I really
think I really think it could have won I
am a bit of a no pop to missed when it
comes to the UK's chances but I had the
hope there is we could have won if it
weren't for the fact that last year mode
of xenophobes teamed together and
decided to vote flip the bird at the 27
other members of the European Union most
of whom we're asking to vote for us
during the herbs and song contest now I
know that international relations is
more than just singing competitions but
I refuse to stop talking about brexit
the egg thing to keep your eye out for
this year's Eurovision is the Horsehead
from azerbaijan is it a coded message
about bestiality is it perhaps a
metaphor for the Armenian as hearing
conflict who knows
no really cares enjoy the ninth thing to
keep your eye out for spoken word poplar
yeah that's a John renowned Croatia
bless them open with this spoken word
prelude to their song there are only two
ways to live your life one
nothing is a miracle the other is as
though everything some miracle cool he
then proceeds to Jewett with himself
go compare toy no idea how that got in
there and then finally the temp thing to
look out for is rap yodeling yes
another new genre it's exciting
Romania this is such a show and
it's a wonderfully Eurovision
it's rapping and usually like he's
rapping she's younger level of modeling
and she's just like a leprechaun it's
just so beautiful and just so quit
essentially fantastically your vision
lay like hell it's beautiful of every
airline I street Eurovision and I get
increasingly drunk and funny and all of
the people who follow me for politic
stuff will invariably unfollow me um
understandable to be frank um but if you
would like to tweet along with me and
get in with the bands on the evening of
the 13th of May then follow me at jazzy
John um thank you so much to all of my
patrons um you guys are making it
possible for me to do the more
regularly on there and if you think that
this stuff is fun then think about of
subscribing on patreon um you can
there's my face subscribe there here's a
video YouTube thinks you like clicker
months
