a while ago I made a video about my
genetics it was thoroughly interesting
though most of the comments were more
about the fact that my shirt looked like
I'd just been admitted into a hospital
ward rather than about my haplogroups
but no I'm not gonna judge who is very
intellectual on this channel but the
second largest number of comments came
from people who were talking about my
comments about how white I was for the
record here's what I said about being
you know translucent British Irish I
mean surprise surprise translucent white
man with a ginger beard in blue born in
the UK British British Irish is maybe
this one
I am haha well I mean of course I'm that
you appeared but I am ninety nine point
six percent European oh okay I can now
look at my maternal run in my paternal
line this is really cool it's not gonna
be really cool it's gonna be more white
people oh my god famous people this is
all I wanna know who else's hey six
probably like when if Paltrow who else
is really white when if Paltrow some
people took issue to this and let me the
following comments please stop saying
you're born for being way Europeans of a
rich diverse culture you should be more
proud of your ancestry there's nothing
wrong with being white don't listen to
American propaganda is not going to be
really cool it's going to be more white
people whites have no pride anymore they
want to be anything but white said I
really enjoyed that Trump s construction
of the last comment sad for the record
I'm not ashamed of the variously low
amount of melanin produced by my body to
look at me I look like a generic
northern European and my comments about
the amount of whiteness in my lineage
was more to do with the fact that it was
all expected don't you think it would be
more interesting if I found out that I
had a lineage that was something other
than Viking invaded
and the Irish I think so but all of this
and all of those comments kind of got me
thinking can you be proud of being white
in order to have this conversation we
really need to understand what race is
I'm not going to do it within this video
because I think that it's already going
to be quite long I would recommend
gancho points recent foray into
explaining what race is then we can come
back and talk about whiteness shall we
if we can agree that whiteness is a
thing I think we can also agree that the
generic term white pride also conjures
up some awkward images in fact let's
let's Google that right now white pride
I mean it's been implied by some that
white people can have pride in Europe
and North America because they are the
majority in those groups pride is
segmented into cultural significance so
proud of being Irish through st.
Patrick's Day found of being German
through Oktoberfest even though that's
technically specifically a Bavarian
tradition proud of being scottish by
eating minced intestines in a sheep's
stomach
you get the idea i have an issue with
this analogy somewhat because it kind of
implies that black people asian people
first peoples all have a cultural
experience and cultural history that is
kind of generic and based on their base
which just isn't true
when you especially consider the
cultural diversity of the 54 countries
in africa the huge number of tribal
traditions that existed in the Americas
before colonialization and like Asia is
huge
I mean if you look at like Japan and
Indonesia they have like no cultural
overlap but people are still going to
end up calling them
vision because and I think this is where
we end up with pride based on race for
ethnic minorities in the West because
everybody else all of the white people
have defined them as such rather than by
their culture that nation or their you
know hobbies this of course ends up
getting exemplified by the slave trade
warning warning when we're talking about
slavery people were ripped from their
diverse cultures in Africa had their
names changed their languages banned
even as something as simple as having
drums banned by these people who are
uprooted from their homelands so that
they couldn't enjoy the music that they
had played back home all of that
cultural identity in history was taken
away from people who were slaves by
slave owners and then the white majority
decided to just define these people by
little more than the color of their skin
to justify the dehumanization of the
slave class that existed and this
phenomenon gave people of color and
people of specific races shared
identities because of that that
phenomenon where white people would have
been forced together to identify as a
shared group has historically never
really happened has it happened based on
on our one's religion yes of course by
nation yes of course even political
persuasion and that's why I don't think
that white pride really pride just based
on how translucent I am I don't think
that that can really exist but actually
if it leads me on to my next question
why do people want to be proud of being
white in 2014 Washington Post reported
on data out of Harvard that showed that
white American saw themselves as more
discriminated against then their black
compatriots despite the fact that this
objectively isn't the case when it comes
to stuff like economic data and police
interactions but especially white
working-class people have seen their
communities decimated in the past few
decades mining town
parts of the industrial north the Rust
Belt in the US have seen their industry
collapse around them they used to be
pride in the hard honest work of
working-class communities and a unity
and a brotherhood and a sisterhood in
the group of people that you met down
the pub for a pint at the Union after
work with that sense of community going
or gone people are now looking for other
things to be proud of but so often
they're told that they aren't allowed to
be in the UK metropolitan liberal elites
like myself have criticized people for
flying the English flag of st. George or
for caring about whether or not a
politician sings the national anthem as
an example gun culture is constantly
humiliated in the US and people are told
to check their privilege with reckless
abandon without ever really being
explained to them what checking ones
privilege actually means the rise of
identity politics though I think it's a
good thing for increasing awareness of
minority issues has all of a sudden kind
of made white people aware of their race
I said earlier that white people haven't
historically been aware of their race as
something that qualifies them as part
the tribe but now you have listicle
media who have questions for white
people all of white people and you enter
the old right to alike up so why isn't
there a white History Month
Rachel Lu writing in the conservative
website the Federalists in fact goes as
far to say that white people should
never be made aware of their race
because of the consequences she writes
everyone is better off from White's
don't think too much about their
whiteness it should be normal without
being normative and regular without
being right it's having a once touring
house it's writing in black pen
it's Times New Roman I've always been
more of a Calibri fan myself I get her
point she goes on to suggest that
concepts like privilege theory have
snapped the United States working-class
out of their slumber and I would tend to
agree with her
with the decline of their economy and
community structures you've ended up
with a perfect storm of the majority
gaining a tribal identity and a
perception of a decline of their
standing in the world I'm in two minds
about this phenomena I believe that an
awareness of identity and privilege
politics have actually allowed me to be
a better debater and the concept in
general has raised voices where they
have needed to be raised and allowed for
and can allow for much better than
well-rounded discussion where it is
embraced properly unfortunately we can
only combat the problems caused by white
identity politics through time and a
shit-ton of education do you think that
we can afford to do that um let me know
what you think these videos are made for
discussion discuss in the comments or on
Twitter love engaging in that swirling
shit show of a website great Twitter
this video was brought to you by my
patrons in D lo que Nicola G and Robert
and thank you all of you if you think
that there should be a space for people
to be able to debate politics and
identity issues please at least you know
check out my patreon take a look see
what it's about
consider becoming one because I really
want to create some fantastic spaces and
the future cuz I'm trying to make this
more of a full-time gig for me that'd be
fun wouldn't it if you don't fancy
supporting me on patreon then you can
click on the subscribe you or it's very
circular lovely has my face in it um
also this video is apparently one that
you will enjoy I mean I don't know what
videos going to be there but YouTube
says that you're more likely to click on
it feel free to prove them wrong if
Chris
