hello Internet Java here into the last
few days of the French presidential
election tre exited the debate between
the centrist Emmanuel McCoy and the far
right handed a marine lepen just
happened and I just wanna call attention
to the facts that it was really nice
that they coordinated their outfits they
were allowed to sit down and bring notes
I mean the centrosome would much feel
about this whole debate thing than the
Americans it's awesome if you want more
information about how we got here and
what the candidates themselves are like
then you can check out my video on the
topic but today I'm going to be talking
to you about why you should be worried
very worried at least if you're bleeding
heart liberal like myself after my
spookily accurate ability to predict
Trump's win and the brexit result a lot
of you've been asking me to do the same
thing for fans so here are five reasons
why marine lepen or the one that Janelle
is going to win reason number one
detoxification of her party marine lepen
is Islamophobic and xenophobic SATA
Claire but she's actually a watered-down
version of her father's your money
depends the eggs leader of the forum
Nationale who got through to the final
rounds just like her daughter did in
2017 in 2002 and Jean Murphy takes the
level of racism to a whole new level of
drunken uncle at a family gathering
Lucinda Sheba assists he was actually
expelled from the party in 2015 by his
daughter because he just kept on
insisting that Jewish people being
killed by the Nazis in gas chambers in
World War two where they detail of
history just for the record your mommy
really hates Jewish people but Marine
has done her best to detoxify that one
National a process called DD add bullies
assume which is the second hardest
French word that I know she's done this
basically by getting the
anti-semites - shut up the Islamophobes
in the homophobes us allowed to hang out
loaded like they're totes kewl this has
led to excessive media coverage marine
apparently being able to clean up the
former channels act and compared with
the crazy that is her father she does
seem pretty sane and this has worked
especially among young people who don't
have those vivid memories of Jean merely
doing that weird arm thing which leads
me on to my second reason why marine is
going to win reason to the youth vote
Trump and directed both split their
respective nations by age with older
people more likely to vote for the
orange monster and leaving the EU and
young people more likely to vote against
it's different in France morena seen as
the French version of brexit and Trump
getting endorsements from the
anthropomorphic jack-o'-lantern himself
and the the Daily Mail but despite this
young people love her
the FN has embraced young people and put
them on the ballot paper a number of
their most prominent representatives are
people under the age of 30 they've
shifted towards the generation that has
had no direct contacts and direct memory
of jean-marie Levin and you know embrace
them wholeheartedly in the first round
of voting the far left candidate
jean-luc m√©lenchon got most of the use
of about 30% but then it was marine
lepen de 21 beating macrons
18 percent this is only going to be a
good thing for the four nacional reason
through their government experience
unlike many extreme parties especially
of course your transit electoral system
has allowed the forum last year now to
be able to gain power across its
legislature and broadly they're proving
that they're able to govern
they've won moralities in a dozen French
cities and regularly come first in the
primary round of voting in French
elections there was even one mayor
in a city in France that decides was so
happy about the UK voting to leave the
EU that he decided to name a vote
literally directs it and then I'm sure
that you can you can get how I felt
about that
they keep on being different chances to
prove that yes they can indeed govern
apart from all of that you know bikini
stuff in the South of France recently
which actually nicely leads me on to my
next point
in forced sectors and is the norm in
France the United States is a secular
country meaning that religion and
governments are supposed to be separated
completely you've never guessed this
from all of the gods on their money
and the old god bless america things
being thrown around left right and
center and also their coffers and biting
its tongue and having to be okay with
this and then only two nations that have
ever been a relationship with God or
Israel in the United States of America
father done in Joshua's name if you
bring us managed the Oval Office i
speaker a blessing or a mother figure no
people yeah I love that clip oddly the
UK has a state religion with the Queen
as the head of it you can thank n maybe
eight and here's an ability to keep it
in his pants for laps but we tend to be
a lot more secular than the US firms is
often described as prescribing a form of
enforced secularism meaning that
religious symbols are banned in most
public places everywhere from courts to
schools this is called striction among
many French people especially Sikh
Jewish and Muslim communities but
especially the latter and I wonder why
but the fact that France is used to
having these kinds of conversations have
normalized their policies towards
villages clothing like the veil and even
yes the burqini the rejection of
religion from public life makes it
easier to justify policies that in many
other countries would seem
discriminatory for example in the UK
when you kit
that they were going to ban the burqa
they were widely ridiculed by the
majority of well same press but that's
been policy in France for years
the final reason that marine is going to
win she's beyond the dog across the West
people have gotten sick of mainstream
politics and politicians as I said in my
video five reasons why Trump is going to
win people just want to up
despite her long time in politics and
macrons
relatively low level of experience he's
actually never held elective office
marina has been able to maintain the
insurgent outsider brand the lady that's
going to protect France the French and
the Fifth Republic and that's all stuff
that resonates very strongly with the
French people also the good mistake
Obama has just endorsed back from may I
also remind you that the he'd backed
Hillary Clinton and the UK stay in the
EU Bali it's not gonna work I need like
I did time please not just leave on mush
vive la France
I said earlier that the majority of
young people in France voted for Mellon
showing the first round of voting he
ended up with about twenty percent of
the national vote but came fourth place
didn't go through to the second round
he's the only candidate who ended up not
endorsing macron macron being the only
person standing between now and like a
fawn Nacional with presidents thanks
John Luke it also turns out that 65% of
melanzana supporters are either going to
not turn out or they're going to spoil
their ballots McClure has just not been
able to shake his identity as like an
ex-banker and
and economists in the current president
supports while Orleans hugely unpopular
administration method looks set to win
about 60 percent of the vote with the
remaining 40 going so the McCain lepen
and even with the most generous of
potential polling errors he's still
probably going to have a ten-point lead
on the formation a leader I think marine
losses in 2017 but the reason that I
think she's going to win long term and
the format you know is going to win long
term is because they have a deep
proxifier brand a strong youth vote they
have the outsider status coupled with
their experience of governing and a
French state that isn't scared to get
involved in religious expression marine
zoos is this time around but I see her
attack on the presidency for 2022 the
next time we have this election for
France I see that as being generously
lubricated what do you think have I
missed anything
I struck fear into your liberal heart
because I I certainly have
you should definitely also share this
video to make other people scared what
stupid thing to ask people to do this
video would brought to you by my patrons
on patreon
Ian D law K Nick alergy and Robert M
thank you guys you helped me to do this
stuff if you would like to support me I
appreciate it if you did so that we can
continue to make safe spaces to wag our
chin about things then at least check
out my patreon page check it out
wherever that exavation marketing is now
you can also subscribe this Olbia faith
of me is what will allow you to do that
you can also watch
video which has been selected by the
algorithmic robots of YouTube and they
believe that your human facile grains
will like it feel free to let me know if
they got it wrong right Alec oxen
