Oh oh my god
foliage professional hello Internet Java
here today I want to do something a
little bit different and naturally
something I've been so terrified of that
I have been putting it off for the past
five months so several months ago when I
actually had a disposable income I
decided to spit in a knickers of jug
thing since that spit up to a lab and
then have it analyzed and have somebody
basically map my genome and tell me what
was wrong with me on all of my different
genetic levels
I received my results back in September
last year and it's now from April and
the main thing I'm not gonna lie I am
fascinated to find out how likely it is
that I'm going to be addicted to
caffeine I'm fascinated to find out at
what the Heritage's of this white really
clearly Caucasian anglo-saxon man is I
want to find out how Neanderthal I am I
want to find out all of those like legal
things about things like 22 in me give
you but there is one thing as made me
put put this off but like actually
looking at the thing off and that is um
based on the facts that if you follow me
Instagram you'll know I have of that the
well done for just assuming that anyway
as well and he's lovely beautiful human
being inside and out but he is bald and
I am terrified that I'm going to lose
this at some point I've gotten to nearly
28 and managed to avoid losing any I
think this hairline is is exquisite to
be complete completely blank um but I I
need to know what the likelihood is of
this going because then I need
contingency plans basically so none of
the other arm youtubers who have done
this basically day fanboying the band
did um what's my I don't know what
my logins all this was five months ago
okay go where so I know that there are
the
youtubers who have done a twittering
meeting namely Dave from boiler band I
did it actually applied to do this
before he did it this is completely
original content trust me
okay so I have ancestry competition
health overview my DNA relatives
Neanderthal history
I am 2.6 percent a undersell proud I
wonder what that what normal people have
Europian me and so DNA percentage she do
write 1 to 4 percent of non African
genomes in Europeans are derived from
the other tools the whole Neanderthal
thing is kind of awkward and because
initially I think that people thought
that we out competed them for food and
we became smarter than used tools but
actually now I think a lot of people
love science has suggested that we just
 them and made modern humans
people out of existence
very good ok let's go to my arm DNA
percentage huh ok cool British English
I mean surprise surprise translucent
white man with a ginger beard in born in
the UK British British Irish this might
get one when people first arrived in the
regions now known as Great Britain the
Senators and years ago these two regions
were physically joined to one another
and today the people in the arms of
great vision time descend from Celtic
Saxon and Viking ancestors it is kind of
viking is one of the aesthetics that i'm
going for so I am haha well I mean of
course I'm that you appeared but I'm
99.6% European see this is the problem
when like really really homogeneous
people
because it's like well there's no those
opposed is it as I said they've also
included broadly European um so French
and German Scandinavian I mean I really
want to be scared an avian mainly for
Eurovision Song Contest purposes we've
talked about this in past videos true
fans know I'm a hundred percent me
ups really mean you calling basses oh
okay
I can now look at my maternal run in one
paternal line this is really cool it's
not going to be really cool it's going
to be more white people yeah let's be
fair
oh this is cool okay haplogroups have no
groups the families of mitochondrial DNA
types that are traced back to a single
mutation a specific place in time that's
cool like why I had ginger like also why
are in white voice is a a weird genetic
mutation blue eyes arm what else in your
bed all of those and like weird
mutations and like super rare guys wait
hold on oh my god famous people this is
all I wanna know
so Eva Longoria is a - don't care who
else's house six probably like when it
Paltrow
who else is really way Gweneth Paltrow I
think I'm going to Google haplogroup
haplogroup h6 this is all only one
famous people sorry oh oh yeah of course
people have done this okay um H
haplogroup age despite flies loads of
all white people we so I've got people
from Russia people from like queens of
France any modern people Susan Sarandon
I mean she her face is familiar
keep watching let's go to Java sponsors
because
we'll find out about caffeine a I have a
problem Oh God
okay I was expecting more fun things
then I have reduced Hep C treatment
response that's awkward train oh oh okay
this is the interesting stuff blonde
hair I had a 28 percent chance I was
blonde until I was like nine like
platinum blonde platinum blonde blue
eyes I'd have been taken away to
earth-like breeding camp by the Nazis
eye color likely blue likely blue can
you imagine if you were going through
this and it was like you're likely to
not have the icon of that you have hair
curled slightly curly hair on average I
done but when I so some of you who've
been around for like several years I
will remember when I had really long
hair it was a mistake I'm past that
phase now don't worry we won't go back
oh my god
um okay okay okay um male pattern
baldness decreased odds ah that made me
that makes me so happy
oh okay so how likely is decreased odds
um you know news male pattern baldness
and in true God everything has line name
is the most common cause of hair loss in
men my hairline in crown of the head are
usually affected first Asian and African
men have a lower rate of borden some
Europeans European mutations really good
can't do with sunlight weird blue eyes
ginger Lotus go bald but not me so happy
and I'm sorry for everyone anyone is
going talk but like this is really I
should really look at the science now so
this is like fascinating because I've
never actually thought about how people
go bald but listen to this so Mel
pattern baldness or androgenetic
alopecia long what occurs when hand side
of course begin to shrink so small
follicles give rise to shorter finer
hairs eventually a very small follicle
is left with no hair inside it's all so
your hair doesn't fall out your at hair
gets like chokes and turns into like
baby hairs ah
so the androgen receptor response to
signals from male hormones like
testosterone and dye hydro testosterone
their testosterone that's why on
bodybuilders who use anabolic steroids
and a testosterone can go bald
that's why on SEM guys can end up going
bald because they increase the
testosterone and that switch is on this
gene this is also really interesting
because people say that
you inherited from your mom you're like
of going bald so my mom's side of the
family I am not aware of any men that
got have gone bored all of the baldness
has been on my dad's side and they're
softer buttons up so the androgen
receptor is encoded by an AR gene I'm
not sure where that is but it was only X
chromosome so you get your X chromosome
from your mom male pattern baldness is
reflected in the common West and that
boldness is often passed down from
mother to son and man has only one X
chromosome which he inherits from his
mother so you do inherit it from your
mom so if there's no goodness on your
mom's side of the family in you're fine
all I needed was to know that this
wasn't an old wives tale and I would
have met and I would have never panicked
I'd have been fine this is cool so
muscle performance likely a sprinter
what shall two same bulbs I'm coming for
you this is a bit weird ugly because I I
used to swim would like way back in the
day I used to be quite good I was like
ranked in the UK being so I was always a
middle distance person so basically I go
really really hard and I'm in loads and
loads of pain for like an extended
period of time
and I should have just been the sprinter
that would have been nice women so I did
a level PE yes it's a real subject and I
learned about my classes like twitch
fibers so basically I land somewhere in
the middle but fast twitch fibres people
are more likely to be sprinters slow
twitch they're more likely to be long
distance
that stuff is genetically passed down to
you g TK g TK what's normal going this
resistant isn't that something wrong
there's an evil way norovirus is the
stomach flu actually viral
gastroenteritis and is most common cause
of group of viruses collectively called
neuro viruses oh I am susceptible to
infection by the most common strain of
norovirus so whenever we have like a
massive pandemic
I will probably die fine I'm okay with
that that's okay
red hair 5% chance so I'm actually
curious about this because why am i
ginger
between my nose and my neck it's not
ginger people are dying out as well oh
I'm a carrier those I'm carrying the
gene fortunately very gays are probably
not going to be passing on my genes to
the next generation out of choice I'll
probably adopt that's another video only
5% of 23 me customers with this result
report having red hair oh well okay so
here's the caffeine stuff my caffeine
consumption let's look at that so I have
a genotype that means I drink more
coffee than most people I could have
told you that without paying like a
hundred-and-something grid but here I
find this really hard to believe 90% of
people consume caffeine and a daily
basis worldwide where's that
study
show me the study I suppose though code
is everywhere they like own government
in Africa don't they ah we're all just
addict oh and also
okay so tea is really popular coffee and
then also like monster and like this is
really good otherwise been chastised for
on drinking less copybook coffee
consumption has been linked decrease
risk of type 2 diabetes Parkinson's
disease and and sinus Gigi Kathy are and
also I'm a slow metabolizer of coffee
wait no no I'm a slow caffeine
metabolizer which means that drinking
coffee increases subjects heart attack
risk I think what does this mean some
people get jumping after drinking a
single cup of coffee while others can
consume multiple cups without thinking a
thing hi that's me
part of the variability is due to the
development of tolerance by regular
coffee drinkers but there are genetic
differences but why does it increase my
heart attack risk no but I like drinking
coffee so much ah I guess it couldn't I
bet they didn't gave me something really
really good with the not going bald
thing now I'm gonna have to drink less
caffeine ah
foxie the 23andme themselves are doing
research on male pattern baldness and
their research on the people who have
taken part in their studies on European
men show that I actually have typical
odds of male pattern baldness and the
only option is to have decreased odds
after that grey you
although ha ha okay so male pattern
baldness is less accurate than the male
pattern baldness but only white one-star
I don't want it to be true I would do
detection
I have typical sensitivity memory
super-clever
a pen sensitivity is decreased better
and also it's also be fair as you device
at the bottom in terms of how accurate
they've been hit Bablu Gleaners but I'm
down I'm okay with having this on my TV
I think that looks like about it wasn't
that interesting so what we learned from
this is that your genes can predict
things but also get them wrong and we
don't really know come from all of us
and I still don't really know if I'm
going to lose my hair
that's the only reason I spent 100 and
something quit on this 23 me very
interesting what we found out literally
what we found out we found out that I
99.6% white thighs that I have blue eyes
surprise that maybe I'll go bald or
maybe I'm not and that coffee is going
to kill me ah let me know would you do
something like this do you think it's
worth the hundreds we found five spend I
know that I'm good at sprinting
apparently I've never been good at
sprinting I hate running let me know if
you've done these kinds of things in the
past and whether you would after this
brilliant brilliant video showing you
what happens when you
spend a hundred plus quid Louise I'm not
telling you exactly how much is need to
hide anything by the way it's just it
was such a long time ago that I paid for
this I can't actually remember if you
enjoyed this video please share it and
give it a like that'll be really nice
wouldn't it um you can also subscribe to
me for more videos
I often talk about politics gay things
and random like this you can
subscribe to me um subscribe or but
there and also a YouTube thinks that
you'll like this other video from me so
you can watch that this is parsley by
the way the garnish
