hello internet Jazza here Kerry Hopkins
the British media equivalent of
Maleficent before Angelina Jolie tried
to humanize her with a back story when
on Fox News the other day after the
London attacks and said that the attacks
on Parliament left the UK divided scared
unmute off' ID and what I'm tired of
hearing on the media everywhere at the
moment here is we will not be cowed by
terror we stand united because the big
news is that's the message in London
that is not the message here in the UK
people are cowered by one particular
religion which is promoted by the Muslim
Mayor Sadiq Khan son of the bus driver
you know that's his only credential okay
first things first Katie I love you with
your new short hair work that look yes
secondly do not come for my cuddly
little teddy bear of a mare Sadiq Khan
here's everything I want in a five for
six man and more and thirdly Katy who
hurt you UK hon after the broadcast
everybody's favourite overly opinionated
adopted aunty on Twitter JK Rowling
compared Katie Hopkins views to those of
a Nazi apisa in the 1940s good old Joe
invoking Godwin's law so you don't have
to but the fact is this simply wasn't a
reality that anybody recognized the city
responded we mourned the people that
tragically lost their lives but as Brits
we then promptly got on with complaining
about the valve replacement services
London and the UK have been dealing with
terrorist attacks way before Islamic
terrorism came into vogue from the Blitz
to the IRA bombings those keep calm and
carry on posters didn't sell well for
nothing you know there is an ounce of
truth in them to prove that this idea of
widespread panic and division was simply
posed the broadcaster Dan snow decided
to put together probably one of the most
boring my day out in London videos ever
created on Twitter he depicted a London
that was so dull that it was almost like
looking for your auntie glorious clips
on our phone after a big day out oh this
is me at Buckingham Palace she knows the
flags flying the Queen's home
well there's this lovely gentleman
playing some Americana here's some
tourists some more tourists and then
video to pond for a little bit but I'm
not sure why it did that
people like Katy and the media
organizations that employ them want
there to be the impression of fear and
division because it makes them more
money a paper with the headline
immigrants give you aids is going to
sell better than immigrants contribute
more to the economy than native-born
British people the might second example
was also far too long to spit on a front
page you know that something's very odd
when the Fox anchor who is interviewing
Katie Hopkins for five minutes then
ended up with this conclusion why's
inspector leadership hates the rest of
the country and we recognize that very
very clearly here Kenny thanks up for
joining us of course
literally five minutes with Katie
Hopkins and the conclusions are liberals
hate Britain fair and balanced Fox fair
and balanced it is our job as citizens
to make sure that these lies and
exaggerations do not become the norm you
know people who have these views talk to
them and expect it to take a long time
to change their mind but I have those
difficult conversations just for
goodness sake don't do it on Twitter
that place is an absolute cess pit if
you like chatting politics and you
should definitely download subscribe and
listen to my podcast the right
dishonourable it's really bloody good I
have been IMing with oranges subscribe
to me with the orb here and watch
another video
here I'll wait not too long though
because this can get awkward and tweens
are fun
