it took me 13 years to be able to get to
safety mm-hm and 13 years to say yes I
am free but even though that I'm free
I'm feel more free
that's a donkey she's a refugee who fled
her country because she identified as a
lesbian she left Nigeria in 2004 but it
wasn't until 2017 that she finally got
the right to remain here in the UK the
fact was the authorities just didn't
believe that she was gay
hello I'm Josue I show off
professionally on the internet for a
living and up until very recently I had
no idea how difficult it was to claim
asylum based on your sexual orientation
or gender identity I've genuinely never
thought about the concepts of me having
to prove that I was gay it's almost like
I'm privileged or something but if my
little life depended on it
would I be able to do it I mean we all
have a jaded internet search history but
if my literal life depended on it would
I actually be able to prove that I was
gay the thing is a Delonte and thousands
of people like her every year have to do
just that because they are fleeing
persecution from their home countries
now I know that we all love to have some
statistics that we can quote when we get
into arguments when we're down the pub
with our mates we've all been there so
I've done the liberty of doing some
googling for you and found some
top-level information about what it's
like to be an LGBTQ asylum seeker I warn
you they're not overly overly joyful in
data released by the British Home Office
it was shown that 6% of all asylum
claims made in the UK on the basis of
sexual orientation 3,500 people between
2015 and 2017 of that number 74 percent
of them have their cases turned down it
is estimated that 86 percent of asylum
applications are rejected because the
home office did not believe that the
person was gay lesbian or bisexual of
those individuals rejected by the UK
government 59% would have been sent back
to a country where homosexuality could
get you put in prison nearly 30 percent
would be sent back to a country where
homosexuality can get you the death
penalty I told you it wasn't very
cheerful and the UK isn't alone here
unfortunately those kinds of statistics
are replicated across Europe and the
problem with statistics as well is that
it's hard for us to kind of look past
those numbers and understand the people
that are behind them we've all seen
those really shocking images of refugees
fleeing their home countries because
they are persecuted sometimes risking
their lives what's their story I I
decided to do a little bit more
searching on the internet and I found
this guy Alex Powell he's a professional
clever person finishing a PhD at London
City University and specializes in LGBT
ufu jeez so the majority of LGBT asylum
seekers will be coming from the Middle
East or Africa or some Latin American
states they'll be coming because their
country of origin
either persecutes them on the basis of
their sexual gender identity or is
unable to protect them from a
persecution by non-state actors such as
vigilante groups to give maybe an
example you might see a lesbian asylum
seeker who's been subject to corrective
rape or possibly to the threat of honour
killing due to her sexual identity and
how that is interpreted by her family or
those around her and the state perhaps
when she has sought protection from this
have them become complicit you hear
examples of for example police joining
in in corrective rape similarly you
might be a gay man who is persecuted by
criminalization so for example we might
all remember Uganda had be kill the gays
bill a few years but what a lovely bill
indeed
so yeah Uganda had the kill the gays
bill a few years back
and
we're criminal laws against
homosexuality are enforced crucially
only where they're enforced yeah you can
claim asylum on the basis of those laws
mm-hmm so usually they will just be
people fleeing either state persecution
or where the state is unable to protect
them from persecution and they're coming
to Europe and the UK in particular
because obviously we have laws
protecting sexual identity and gender
identity and the expression of those
things and I think it's very important
seriously but bearing in mind the way we
consider such identity generally within
the West the fact that we feel a need to
test at all basically shows that we have
a vested interest in rejecting claims it
shows that we are looking to reject
asylum seekers we are looking for a
reason to turn them down mm-hmm this is
what is often called a culture of
disbelief as Western European countries
have sought to decrease the number of
immigrants that they let in and
therefore also the number of refugees
that they grant asylum to the bar
expected for somebody to reach to prove
that they have actually been persecuted
in their home country has gotten higher
and higher here's a DeLong key again who
very much was on the receiving end of
this culture of disbelief for the 13
years that it took for her to have the
right to remain in the United Kingdom
her case was rather complicated why do
you think they didn't believe you well
one of them was because I used to have
long hair back in my country and I had
you had long hair therefore you can't be
a lesbian because somebody needs to tell
quite a few lesbians I know yeah and the
fact that I've had children so I could
not be a lesbian and the fact that I'd
be married I could not be a lesbian
you'd be married to a man yes and I try
to explain to them that I had to get
married because of the pleasure in my
community back in my country it was
confirming what they known it wasn't
what I what I wanted to do and you know
all of those and I thought which are the
waves would I have to to prove this and
I'd never disclose my sexuality to
anybody apart from only one person we'd
never before leaving it was me and my
late
girlfriend and then a friend of mine who
happened to see us together any other
person it was never discussed so I
didn't know how to talk about it I
didn't even know the words to call it I
didn't know to say I was a lesbian oh
I'm a lesbian I didn't know the word and
what I think in my own view
I might not put my keys across well
because the words that I used to like
lesbians are called witches and I used
that word here but maybe didn't
understand what it was so you said that
you were that was accused of being a
witch in her so and all of those so
maybe they did not really understand the
culture the language of where I was
coming from and I didn't know the
culture the language to use here to pass
across my message and like I said I had
never discussed it with any other person
being rejected because her hair was too
long or because she had a child or
because she didn't know what language to
use may make it sound like a donkey's
cases particularly exceptional but the
thing is this is just scratching the
surface when it comes to the wider
experiences of LGBT refugees across the
EU a huge number of reasons have been
given for rejections of people trying to
claim asylum
in Austria and Iranian asylum seeker was
rejected because he didn't know what the
colours on the fried rainbow flag meant
in the UK one applicant had to draw a
floor plan of a gay club in order to
prove his sexuality another applicant in
Austria this time from Afghanistan was
rejected because he didn't act gay
enough he was told that neither your
walk your affectations know your clothes
give even the slightest indication that
you could be a homosexual the way
applicants sexual
assess can also be really problematic a
case in Hungary recently found that
pseudo psychological assessments like
the logic and Sondhi tests were used to
determine whether or not an applicant
was gay there have also been a number of
cases of refugees across the EU feeling
compelled to show caseworkers explicit
pictures of themselves with sexual
partners in order to prove their
sexuality for those of us who haven't
been through this and especially perhaps
for those of us who identify as straight
it's ok you are forgiven it might be
particularly hard to really understand
what it's like to be asked these kinds
of questions but never fear I have a
little idea of how to sow some empathy
in this regard and it involved me
wearing a really quite wonderful hat
hello hello how are you good yeah good
great everything's great
yeah I'm well no no it's not great it
could be better okay so you're fine yeah
sure um we just need you to prove based
on your status as a straight sis man yes
sir
yes it's very difficult for me you know
I'm under a lot of persecution I am
straight no sure yeah so you're claiming
to be strained yes and you feel
repressed is that right yes we're just
gonna have to ask a few questions go
through a few tests in order to try and
determine whether or not you are a
straight woman and prove beyond
reasonable doubt that you are indeed
persecuted in your home country when did
you first realize that you were straight
date and time if possible at least I
guess I've always known even as like a
baby
you knew I don't I don't think you're
you don't decide or choose do you just
sort of born that way so I don't think I
haven't figured out just I just always
have been
I don't know come on sir so I've got to
basically be you as straight as I can
right now if you like okay in which case
I've been straight since the day I was
born
do you frequent any straight clubs at
all weatherspoon Weatherspoon's
Weatherspoon I go to pubs you know it
didn't specifically have to be where the
spoons I'd rather it wasn't no I don't
really go clubbing anymore I'm 28 fabric
right so fabric your payment's straight
straight Club right yeah yeah I would
like you to draw me the floor plan a
fabric I mean it's it's really dark in
there what if she's nearly quite drunk
it was like 18 rooms better start doing
it then haven't you what how
and start with the door this is the
nineties room and there's a light dance
floor the 90s were pretty gay they
weren't there
yeah and they play Spice Girls and Spice
thank you yeah and there's a bar so you
like the Spice Girls room yeah so it
seemed like a very straight thing to do
to go to a bar and dance to Spice Girls
it does the way I do it what's your
favorite type of like straight music
does it have to be about like a straight
relationship you know like not Kylie
Nickelback look at this photograph every
time it even makes me laugh not being
dragged into this me ever had a child no
well what that would have really helped
your case wouldn't it I've decided not
to have kids yet because I'm young and I
don't really believe the earth will be
around long enough what is a child to
exist would have been handy evidence
though wouldn't it yes I've not a best
reason to have a child I think evidence
I've got a couple of stimuli for you say
what you see and that's a rainbow flag
it's a rainbow flags what does that mean
gay people and the overarching lgbtq+
community very good you got all the
letters and the Plus well done can you
identify this at all I don't know what
that is what is that is that the
straight flag that's really mean if
that's the straight flag that that's the
straight flag really like really it's a
tumblr from tumblr yeah is that the
authority I'm just questioning their
design principles it's good well done
tumblr what's the next stimulant I'm
gonna go show you eight profiles of
people who have mental afflictions let
me know if anything particularly moves
you in a particular way
just tell me when to stop if you see one
anything could I take about home for my
nighttime times oh wow how they sexy
so avast leave that they're ready for
the next one
put it back really for the next one oh
I'm so worried about him I'm not sure
what he's seen
you know like someone's just throwing
equations at him and he just doesn't
know what to do these to me don't look
like mental afflictions they look like
like this is my characters wall chunk
test you know what that is that's when
you say first thought that comes to mind
yeah when they show you some blocky
block blocks okay it's Princess Leia
with two berries on each bun one bearing
each bun to various total sorry sorry
sorry apron apron the tongue emoji I see
a rib cage it's actually a load of oba
jeans and the squirt emoji this feels
like a very happy chap who's having a
nice day and they're Otis seem like
someone who's comfortable who's having a
nice time this one is just a little bit
gay is it gay in a bit funny yeah am I
allowed to say it's bit gay what does it
mean did I pass well let you know in
about six months okay you'll be fine
but you're not gonna be able to work for
those six months you kind of just have
to hang out that's alright that's fine
you know someone right no not really
oh well that's a shame this is horrible
okay do I just leave you can leave that
goodbye
what would you say if I told you that
all of the things that we've done today
all of the questions that I've asked you
or questions that have been asked of
LGBT refugees are primed for Salem in
the European Union is exhausting and
presumably significantly less funny
would it surprise you to know that they
even got somebody to draw the layout of
a nightclub I thought that you had made
that up I did not think that was real um
because I yeah could not draw for kind
of my own flat yes so it's meant to be
like you're adhering to the LGBTQ
lifestyle like somebody was asked to
draw floorplan of heaven the club in
London because the LGBT lifestyle is
like drawing blueprint yes yeah no we're
really really into blueprints and
architecture didn't you know if I really
was leaving my country because being
straight was banned then I couldn't
attend a straight Club so of course I'm
gonna answer no but then you're sat
there going you know it's just like
setting a really shitty exam so the zahn
detest somebody doing the test is told
to choose like a couple of portraits of
people who genuinely have been diagnosed
with like schizophrenia depression
homosexuality because it was a mental
illness back in the day and then that is
meant to be able to give me information
to try and figure out what mental
illness is you have yeah 100%
they still do this there's on D tests
and other similar kind of like
personality tests were only deemed to be
inappropriate to like try and prove
somebody's sexuality this year in 2018
shut that is just I mean Wow
was there anything in particular that I
asked you that particularly like took
you a back court like shoppes your felt
really invasive I like asking when I
first had sex
rude snake like how dare you you're in a
really strange surroundings you probably
would you know you're not giving sort of
natural answers you're kind of stressed
you're kind of anxious if I'm guessing
the answers that you give wouldn't
aren't really
accurate it's something that is inside
of you and it's so conflicting within
you and it's something you wish that you
didn't have anyway and then trying to
prove that you have something when you
spent your entire time trying to deny it
would just be really really tough some
countries like the Netherlands in the UK
actually have really really good
guidelines okay
problem is those guidelines on always
carried out fantastically so you end up
with these great ideas of being able to
assess somebody's vulnerability and all
of that kind of stuff um but then the
people who actually end up carrying it
out the people who would be in my place
asking those questions are not well
trained enough do not understand LGBT
culture well enough do not understand
the cultures that these people are
coming from well enough and how those
things intersect and so you end up with
a huge spectrum of different types of
experiences from people who have gone
through this process right right that's
scary
some of you may well be thinking hey
Jazza obviously this is terrible what
LGBT refugees go through but we have to
check somehow in order to make sure that
some of them aren't faking it I see you
well don't worry because I thought
exactly the same thing but I decided to
ask a professional so here's Alex Powell
from City University again I'll have any
examples of people faking it so
obviously like anything there will be
one or two false claims but to my
knowledge at least I don't know the
specifics of any specific very claims
mm-hmm I do know that the UK lesbian and
gay immigration group have said that one
to two false claims is what they have
dealt with in terms of what they deal
with probably one to two percent as well
right so very very very low numbers and
I think the thing to realize here is
that if you are from the countries that
most of the sexual and gender identity
based asylum seekers are from if you say
that you are gay or that you are trans
then it does
really matter if it's true anymore
because if anyone finds out you are
still at risk of persecution
so the second someone makes the claim we
need to account for the aspect of the
law here that says perceived as gay
because basically once they've made the
plane regardless of the truth or falsity
of that claim they are at risk and we
should be allowing them to stay I wanted
to really understand some of the stories
of the people who had risked their lives
in some cases in order to find
themselves better life here in Europe I
ended up going to Amsterdam and talking
with Omar who is a gay guy from Syria
who found himself in the Netherlands
after travelling there via Turkey in
2015 so I met this guy and he was
leaving to to here by boat like two from
Turkey to Greece and then from Greece he
will continue his way here mm-hmm and I
thought that was so crazy like I would
never do something like this and like
taking about yeah well who's about like
like the majority people were going with
these like rubber boats but then this
guy he told me that he knew this like
really good smuggler and he can like get
you on this really like it was a jet
boat yeah he said like it's gonna be
fast you're gonna be there like so
quickly you're not gonna even feel
scared or anything and it's true it was
a jet boat but but but the sea was
really raging like the the waves so was
like he had to stop in the middle and
then was this look at night yeah was
really bad yeah
how did you find your way through Europe
he gave me a number of a guy who was
making fake IDs uh-huh and because
that's the way that that he did it he I
got a fake ID I faked Spanish idea what
was your name
Anselmo Cardona Oh exotic me a while to
memorize it to be honest I was like oh
my god we've all had a fake ID we've all
had to memorize
I was like what if they asked me in the
airport what is your name or they starts
back speaking Spanish to me like how
yeah I would be doomed so I got this
fake ID from this other smuggler that I
met in Greece cost around $300 euros
which it's not that much compared with
the boat and then I booked a ticket to
Amsterdam and I went to like and so then
you land in ship oh yeah and then you're
a Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam and you
walk up to the like desk and you go go
Hey
okay Syrian actually you're not that far
from what happened I I saw this police
officer and I told her actually this is
not my ID because I know that you really
it's really important to give the fake
ID to the police yeah so then like they
wouldn't like they would know that you
still don't have it it's really the
interest so then I went I went I arrived
I went to the police and then I told
them okay this thought my ID I'm Syria
and this is my passport and I'm here to
apply for asylum as for as a gay person
we were able to talk to people like I'm
Araneta monkey because they are part of
the lucky few who actually get their
asylum claims accepted they have happy
endings to their stories but
unfortunately that obviously isn't the
case for the majority of people going
through this with the help of a charity
called LGBT asylum support in the
Netherlands we ended up talking to
Sergey who told us his story that isn't
his real name yeah period still ago Dena
Satya
we host crema removed from the promenade
is satrughna key policy pit keeper at
ammonia Pokeno territory
beauty is a pursue some partials dalsu
yen is now switches to attack Isis TM
idea of Tom's - yeah Priya how do you
teach students to do up a presumably
Isha the dishes not standard do does the
sample do room not clearly procedure oh
the divine level procent usually the
prosecutor will naturally pretty much
too gay could Kiku Bubastis Charlotte
UNK da was possibly near as both sexes
the coverall diet what's your status now
and what was kind of like how long did
has the whole process has taken process
pre-scheduled booster pagoda many odd
Cazale is that of us to crane Ibiza
Pastrana yeah
such a scenario gallon Pomeranian of
narubu water water water
yes
Marie Marie engage a mature animal
Ganesha anemic or aborted official Naima
Gooch itza ænima Boris vivid Sacagawea
the approach deserves a mutant crew
gives stroma histology appetizers at
Christopher Zooropa tires Bharata the
diable is very Spartan most of the
Kampala rainy minajesty problem he
discovered a pretty much all
antidepressant
yeah Doha Tecna pretty muumuus nurse to
the village the roots of procedure Oh
Papa Todd say show us the procedure
Bishop at the most
Yanni producers to Doha really so that
conversation wave Sergei that I had on
the bank of the canal in Netherlands hit
me like a freight train when we started
talking I had no idea that he was living
in the Netherlands illegally that he had
had his case rejected and I just felt so
helpless I could be in the same position
as him but I was born a few thousand
miles to the west of him and so that
it's fine for me I'm a loud out proud
gay man and yeah I get homophobia in the
UK but can you imagine that institutions
surrounding you reinforcing the
homophobia that you experienced
I had a similar thing with Omar where he
despite the fact that he initially
presented himself to the authorities in
the Netherlands as a gay man fleeing
persecution in Syria it ended up being
easier for him and he ended up getting
asylum based on his status as just a
Syrian fleeing the conflict in his
country rather than on the basis that he
is a gay man he was like oh I just
wanted to get my status and stay and
then and so I got my status and they
didn't really matter what it was based
on but that means that if the conflict
in Syria stops if the war is over and in
the Netherlands they decide that it's
actually no longer a war zone and it's
safe for people to go back they can send
him back there's a chance that they'll
make you go back right mm-hmm you
clearly don't want that but what would
it be like if you had to go back it
would mean that I would have to go back
to the to being in the closet and yeah
it would just be like all the distance
that I traveled would would mean nothing
all the the the the the obstacles I went
to to start a new life what would be
just worth nothing there's no way of
being able to live an open life in Syria
as the person that you are there might
be hope in the future if they change the
law that criminalizes homosexuality if
that happens then I think I would be
okay I cannot imagine having to go back
into the closet in the way that Omar
would have to if he had to be sent back
to his home country and that breaks my
heart
that is something that could possibly
happen I it's taken me a really long
time to be very proud of being a gay man
it's not been that easy growing up here
at the end in the end of the day I've
had it
easy compared to somebody like Omar
someone like I don't keep something like
Sergei coming face to face with all of
these individuals all of these people I
just wanted to help them and you can see
it in from my face sometimes when I'm
talking to them I kind of realized oh
there's literally nothing that I can do
right now in order to help you like I'm
just sitting there we're like I have no
idea what to do you know who do you know
how to help these people organizations
like a donkey's which is Africa rainbow
family which provide support to African
refugees and also LGBT asylum support
and the Netherlands who helped hooked us
up with Sergei I've given some of the
budget I had for this so that because
they know how to best use it right
that's something that I want you to do
as well if you are willing and
privileged enough to have some extra
cash lying around and you care about
these stories in these people then give
these organizations some money please
consider doing that if you don't have
enough money which is fair not all of us
do volunteer your time find an
organization in your local area that do
outreach to LGBT refugees and refugees
in general they could use the manpower
they could use the hands to help if you
don't have the money volunteer your time
and don't just watch this and like it
one of the depressing things that kind
of came out of this somebody said to us
that unfortunately refugees and LGBT
asylum seekers are not a vote winner and
one of the things I want to kind of try
and challenge is making it a vote winner
if you're in the European Union then big
elections are coming up at the winning
end of next year we're gonna be voting
for a European Parliament we have a
letter template downstairs in the
description for you to send to your
candidates and for you to send to your
representatives doesn't matter if it's
on the national level of the European
level we need to make sure that proper
standards are implemented by government
but also make sure that there are
enforcement the people who were in the
same position that I was in that sketch
that we saw that they actually know what
they dealing with and that they are
quick friendly and they understand the
cultures that people come from and that
the standards are actually used so here
your calls to action first of all if you
have money give money to the
organizations that know how to use it
properly donation links I'm going to be
downstairs in the description second
move you don't have money donate your
time volunteer for these organizations
that reach out to refugees and LGBT
refugees your hands are going to be
invaluable to them thirdly make this a
vote winner contact your representative
make sure that your representative knows
that this is something that you care
about make sure that they don't ignore
you so often we watch these kinds of
like documentaries on oh how hard it is
for fu jeez and all of those kinds of
things and it's very easy to just share
the video and then just kind of get on
with our lives but if you're privileged
enough to watch this then you're
probably privileged enough to be able to
actually make a difference in the world
and to have a voice in to use it you
have a voice you're very lucky that you
have that make sure you don't let it go
to waste
and if you care about what you've
watched in this video then do something
about it like comment subscribe
I've been Jazza Tilly
you
