so everything's changing now I've
probably not the time to say I told you
so but I did kind of predict the Trump
win like filler for months ago on this
video and I I think I didn't want to be
right but I think I pretty much hit
quite a lot of the nails on my head I
don't want to go into the reasons why
healy we lost the electoral college and
therefore the presidency because I think
that enough people are talking about
that and speculating about it at the end
of the day their speculations I think
that the most important thing that we
can do now is do what we Brits had to do
after brexit and accept the result but
continue with our values and resolve and
be ready to be the checks and balances
for the next however many years the
truth is modern-day liberal politics
have failed an awful lot of people in
the UK the traditionally industrial
north in the US the traditionally
industrial Midwest the Rust Belt those
people are traditionally the white
working class of both of our great
nations and ever since a economic
liberalisation was kind of brought into
our countries and these manufacturing
industries were gutted decimated in
certain cases legitimately I mean you
can't mine mod from a coal mine and
still expect it to make money and there
was in the face of globalization and
we're going to be a shift from each
nation itself having its own kind of
like working class manufacturing hopes
as they moved aboard people probably
should have seen that coming see in the
past when you were a working-class
laborer in a steel mill or coal mine you
had a strong community there you had
something that you were a part of and a
lot of that was based around the fact
that people were part
well part of unions um it was hard
honest work is what is often is the
phrase that's often used to describe
that kind of error in American European
manufacturing and those jobs gradually
got moved aboard and although in the
grand scheme of things we've been doing
a lot better economically and in terms
of employment than a lot of our Western
cousins in the UK and the USA there's
been an overhang of what happened when
those traditional tradition
working-class communities were decimated
by the lack of those kind of like
umbrella industries that held together
towns and communities and that were
characterized by a sense of identity by
a union and by sense of self if you're
in it with a load of other people you
can say to yourself where work we're in
this together working we're working
together but when that gets transplanted
or when that morphed into a couple of
shifts at a petrol station or at a co-op
or in the local garden center where
there aren't those communities that
allow for you to have something to
identify wouldn't be proud of that's how
we've ended up with the type of
resentment that we have in white
majority working-class communities in
both the UK in the US and too many
politicians were able to blame the other
people who aren't generally present in a
lot of these communities right now
people who are ethnic minority
backgrounds recent immigrants people who
are Muslim people who are from Eastern
Europe people who are from Mexico people
who owned documented workers and they
were blamed rather than the politicians
who ended up letting down these
communities that used to be the beating
heart and the lungs of each of our
countries that's how we got vex it and
that's how we got Trump and I think the
world is going to change into something
that people our age Millennials are
scarcely going to recognize because
we've only ever really existed in the
he's socially liberal worlds where we're
able to travel extensively where we can
hold same-sex partners hands walking
down the streets and know that we have a
right to do so that you have the right
where your religion on your sleeve that
is going to change traditionally Europe
and the USA have been strongholds of
stability and the reason the stability
is really important is that if you don't
have stability people aren't willing to
spend their money in your country
they're not willing to invest in
projects in your country and we've been
held up as like really strong powerful
nations because of our sense of
stability and because of the fact that
our democracy has been seen as
overwhelmingly strong throughout the
2020 Athens this part of the 21st
century now where is stability in the
world it's places like China places like
Russia both authoritarian single-party
states in their own kind of like way but
different ways of governing but that's
how you get stability now and I was
somewhat joking when I was tweeting on
election night when Trump's numbers were
coming in by chinese yum by chinese you
have no it's not funny anymore this
ability that's going to be afforded to
those countries is going to change the
political discourse and the shift not to
mention the fact that Trump is talking
very openly about on decreasing the
amount of investment that the US has in
NATO even pulling out pulling out of
international agreements on climate
change somehow although i feel quite
chipper about the whole thing i feel
like there's something to contrast
ourselves against we would have
compromised with somebody like Hillary
Clinton although to be completely honest
as a non-american I I would have
like a Clinton presidency wouldn't have
affected me in a huge in a huge way but
I feel like we have an international
discourse now with the right wing of the
Conservative Party kind of being an inch
are being in charge now in the United
Kingdom with Trump preparing to take
office and strip away all of the
progressive stuff that Barack Obama has
done marine lepen emboldened by the way
the politics has been going in fancies
and eyes but this is where we have to
dust ourselves off and get to work and
be that effective voice there is hope I
think and that hope is probably in this
in this graphic that shows how 18 to 25
year olds voted in the American election
biggest landslide in American history
hilary gets over 500 electoral college
votes it's a shame that old people
convert just going to have to wait for
them today I'm optimistic about this map
despite the fact that I know that people
tend to become more and more
conservative by fiscally and socially as
they get older but something is
different about our generation it's a
lot more difficult for us to be able to
blame people who are the other because
by design of the society that we've
grown up in we are more likely to know
lgbtq+ people we're more likely to know
people of color we're more likely to
notice people who practice Islam we're
more likely to know people who are
undocumented immigrants if you're in the
United States especially and once you
know those people in there in your lives
so much harder to demonize them one of
the reasons that LGBT rights have
accelerated arguably so much quicker
than rights of people of color did and
have it's because we're scattered
throughout the population we are a
statistical kind of like a normal across
human beings as a
all and as people started to come out as
queer in some way shape or form and
people realized that they had brothers
sisters cousins friends who identified
his LGBT it became a lot harder to say
that these people were deplorable and
moral human beings and I think that
Millennials especially are much less
likely because of the open media in the
open world that we are experienced that
we've experienced growing up it's a lot
harder for us to demonize people based
on their backgrounds and that's what
makes me really positive about the
future that's not to say that we don't
have a hard slog going forward but I'm
willing to get my elbows dirty and be
visible and to talk and politely
disagree don't be violent like the na
beds in Oregon at the moment I don't
think that helps anybody I think that
increases the legitimacy of people like
Trump Clinton lost source but let's get
on with things and make the world great
again because it's going to be rough
please look after each other stand up
when you see injustice if you can be
safe to support people who are probably
going to have a rough time especially in
the u.s. at the moment we saw hate crime
increase a significant amount in the UK
after the brexit vote I fear that you
guys are going to go through the same
thing be there for one another surround
yourself with people that you love with
people that you love and will be all
right eat good food drink good wine on
that bullshit if you'd like to hear me
speak more about this me and my podcast
co-host Jimmy spoke extensively about
this in our podcast which just came out
um clicking the corner of the video
where the blood
hell that is and let me know what you
think have you got the fire in your
belly are you being pragmatic as I am
well do you just want to scream into the
void you think this will help share this
video I've been mine with oranges chili
you
