hello YouTube Gazza here another day
another Twitter war with the wonderful
Benjamin cook Ben annoy a sound friend
well every now and again we will decide
to butt heads quite publicly on Twitter
it's a tradition we have that happens
about every month for two months I
advise you to follow Smurfs on Twitter
so that you don't miss out the next time
that sparks fly this time around it was
called by a tweet based around
International Coming Out Day the 11th of
October I woke up blurry eyes trying to
remember when it was October the 11th
visit today is Coming Out Day today do I
still have time to put out something
content-wise on youtube to get all of
those tentpole clicks I see the today's
coming out there I probably don't have
enough time to make a video so I'm like
oh a tweetable suffice so I go happy
ashtag coming out day everyone no one
ever forgets it send it off into the
ether what I've done my bit for the
queer community today unfortunately
Twitter doesn't allow for a huge amount
of nuance in its messaging with the 140
character limit and all so I ended up
actually having a fair amount of
pushback of people saying that that
tweet was very Western and privileged
focus ah it can't be brilliant for
everybody
and one of the biggest proponents with
Ben Kirk who said I don't think that
everybody doesn't forget it we're double
negative but bear with me now I think
that it brilliant the coming out how did
its own hashtag and its own day once a
year where we will celebrate the fact
that we're all brave enough and lucky
enough to be able to live open queer
lives it's brilliant and it's beautiful
that isn't to say that coming out and
actually gay culture as a whole does
often get hijacked by the West in a
guest hijacked by people from white
privileged backgrounds it is so much
easier to come out if you are from a
Western developed socially liberal
country then if you are a person of
color from a particular background from
a particular religious background if
in a country where you're persecuted
because of your sexuality all of those
infinitely complicate the whole thing I
am by no means saying by saying that no
one regrets coming out and by no means
saying that just do it because frankly
coming out isn't always safe well Ben
and I were having our Twitter stat he
was kind enough to send me a link to the
reddit gay pose where there was a thread
about people who regretted coming out
there were some touching stories there
people who came out to loved ones and
then were bagged up and sent off to a
conversion camp the next day ended up
cutting ties with their family and what
obviously incredibly distressing were
nowhere near as lucky or somebody like
me in terms of how I was able to come
out and generally get accepted by the
people that I loved around me what I
probably should have said in my not very
nuanced tweet was the fact that number
one if you are thinking of coming out
then your safety and your ability to be
happy afterwards are paramount if you
are young and you don't have autonomy
over your parents then set those wheels
in motion at least start to think about
it we're lucky that we live in the age
of the internet and you can find your
local support group and they are
everywhere from Moscow to Mumbai to
Shanghai to Arkansas everywhere as a
queer community find your local queer
community before you come out find that
support network if you are scared or you
are worried about how people around you
will react to your sexuality and make
sure that those contingency plans are in
place your safety and I can't say this
enough is palpable
if you need help or resources for this I
will leave as many links as I can down
in the doobly-doo below make sure that
you check them out if you're watching
this trying to find advice on how to
come out then hopefully those will work
but don't put yourself at risk for the
love of God because that is going to
make something that's already really
difficult coming out sometimes
potentially changing the relations of
ship
you have forever that makes it that much
harder but there are always going to be
people who are going to love you not in
spite of you being gay but because you
are gay or you are queer or you're bi
you are trans there will always be
people that love you I couldn't really
fit that into a tweet that was a problem
I will stand by my wording of the tweet
though the fact that nobody regrets
coming out yes there are going to be
people who regret the manner in which
they come out sometimes people come out
too quickly too soon to publicly and
that can complicate things and make
things difficult and often people don't
come out when they have a safety net in
a contingency plan and that's going to
probably make you regret the way that
you came out I've been lucky enough to
live across the world and I've been
lucky enough to talk to a load of queer
people from all corners of the earth
from China to India to Russia to South
America to all over Europe and even
Africa and I know nobody who would want
to go back in the closet I know nobody
who thought oh god I wish that I hadn't
made this step because at the end of the
day before you come out you are hiding
yourself in the world and it's so much
better to be authentically you you just
makes you need to make sure that you are
able to be authentically sure there are
people who wish that they weren't gay
and would take a pill and change things
tomorrow if they could and not have to
go fill that's not the same as
regretting coming up and I can guarantee
to you if you're watching this and
thinking about coming out and trying to
figure out how to do it and when to do
it that when it actually happens at
least in the long term your ability to
be open with the people that you love to
find family of other queer people who
will understand you and love you no
matter what that power that you will get
when you eventually do come out whenever
is ready and when whenever is an
appropriate time and whenever is safe
for you that you will not regret it just
look after yourself first
that's what I have to say happy coming
out day everybody
I have been going with oranges like
comment and subscribe
blah blah blah optimization of YouTube
I'll talk to you guys really see love
you lots
bye bye
you
