there has never been a man or a woman
not me not bill nobody more qualified
than Hillary Clinton to serve sorry to
burst your bubble American Democrats but
Hillary isn't going to be the next
president of the United States in fact I
have five reasons why Donald Trump is
going to beat her would you like to hear
them then excellent
first off Hillary's unpopularity Obama's
like Hillary is if not one of the most
qualified person ever to run for
president of the United States and
anybody who disputes this is frankly a
fool but inexplicably she is hated by
the American public she's one of the
most unpopular people to ever run for
president in the United States actually
incidentally only surpassed by Donald
Trump I believe and this has gone back
decades there's a New Yorker article
from 1996 by him Leo gates which is
called hating Hillary where she is
described as a monistic liberal twenty
years later she's seen as somebody who
is too pragmatic and compromising in her
politics which is it America which is it
literally she can't win if I stick to my
guns and staggering more than people
hate me if I make concessions to get the
work done people hate me if I were her
I'd have packed it all in and moved to
the Bahamas a long time ago Oh Canada
love Canada second reason that Donald
Trump is going to win the presidency is
because of Obama's own popularity
problem I think that Obama is a badass
but I'm British and therefore can't cast
a vote in November but I'm less talking
about Obama's popularity ratings as a
person which actually aren't that good
anyway but I'm more talking about the
fact that in the u.s. political parties
very rarely get a third term in fact in
the last 65 years it's only ever
happened once which was in 1988 when
Ronald Reagan passed on the baton to his
then vice-president George Bush the
first this is because in those 65 years
the only person to increase their show
the vote in their second
what you guessed it Ronald Reagan people
wanted more of the same in 1988 this
isn't the case for Obama when he won the
presidency for the first time in 2008 he
got 53% of the vote in 2012 when he was
running against Mitt Romney he only got
51 this is not a very good sign for
Hillary Clinton who was very much
selling herself as the continuity
candidate basically saying hey do you
want a third term of Obama just with a
lady instead of a white dude I think
that she is shooting herself in the foot
the third reason that Hillary's gonna
lose is her poor choice of running mate
there is a phrase in American politics
when it comes to vice presidential picks
and that is do no harm essentially pick
the most boring bland this person that
people just won't have an opinion on so
that they don't overshadow you or cause
any kerfuffle in your own campaign under
that philosophy Hillary Clinton chose
Tim Kaine nobody had ever heard of but
is basically the American politics
version of a Teletubby I understand why
she's done this there's something
particularly soothing about having a
boring white man middle-of-the-road
candidate in a particularly crazy year
that we've got at the moment when it
comes to presidential politics but the
problem failure is that she had to beat
this guy in order to get the nomination
and say what you want about Bernie Rose
but they put the work in and had they
chosen the more exciting candidate won
then she would have been able to infuse
Bernie's original like base and get them
really riled up for their general
election and it's not really what's
happening is it yes polling suggests
that 85 percent of Bernie supporters are
gonna vote for Hillary in November but
they are going to do this big grudgingly
on his website Michael Moore talks about
something called the depressed voter yes
they're gonna vote for Hillary November
but are they going to offer up hours of
their time volunteering are they going
to make sure that dozens of people
around them are going to turn out and
vote on voting day mm-hmm by choosing a
running mate to her right and Sanders is
far-right she's down stuff laying of
enthusiasm that he
bonobos could have possibly brought to
her campaign also his name's ten like
it's the weirdest name in the English
language can you imagine a Tim beating a
Donald Trump no reason number four trump
has basically been as extreme as he can
be all he needs to do now is be vaguely
presentable to the American public for
the next few months Trump came out of
the gates blazing in 2015 insulting well
everybody with an ounce of Mexican blood
in them they're bringing drugs they're
bringing crime they're rapists and some
I assume are good people he's gone on to
imply the female journalists are giving
him a hard time because they're on their
period he's proposed a temporary ban on
Muslims entering the United States of
America and he's insulted the parents of
a dead American soldier and this is just
the stuff that he's done while he's been
campaigning in the last year despite all
of this he is at 50% in recent polling
neck-and-neck with Hillary Clinton all
he needs to do is to stop being really
really crazy and just become slightly
crazy and talk about Hillary's emails
more it works I mean don't get me wrong
it shouldn't work but at birth he works
I think that Donald Trump has already
hit his pitch crazy the only thing is I
don't think that the rest of America
have reached their full potential yet my
country has just been through brexit
sand about a week after my people
decided to set the timer on our nation
self-destruct button it was America's
Independence Day cue a load of Facebook
posts about how they would be original
grexit so forgive me for viewing the
rise of Trump with a little bit of
schadenfreude as I see your country
about to elect a giant toddler with a
face like a tortilla with cheez-its
robbed on it there were a ton of
parallels between brexit and the rise of
Trump a working-class forgotten and
under represented by a distant political
elite unserved by globalization and
being given a chance to fuck with the
system that screwed them
goaded on by a media that's
fear-mongering and sensation lists it's
happening on both sides of the Atlantic
Dee this is the closest thing to a
referenda but the American people have
and they want to tip over the Apple car
and don't underestimate their
willingness or their enthusiasm in doing
so the scary thing is there's nothing
that you can do right now those hearts
and minds avoid even lost so who wants
to move with me to Canada hey what do
you reckon have I got it right you leave
a comment below like this video share it
and if you like subscribe have to say
fun if you do you get to see more of me
and I'm gorgeous mmm my name is vanassa
i have been rhyming with oranges i will
see you guys later
Tooley
you
okay okay I think yeah that that's good
great thanks
