no no no it's that's technically this is
Garrard connelly say hello and I am casa
nice to see you meet you I don't know if
that's the first time you've ever seen
me hello
Garrard is an author of a book called
boy raised
it's been out in the United States for a
couple of years but is being released in
the UK Europe for the first time it's
about his journey with gay conversion
therapy having grown up in the American
South it's an amazing book it made me
cry I go give him the opportunity to
chat to him and this is that extended
interview content warning we do talk
about gay conversion therapy and rape so
maybe give it a Miss if that is the kind
of stuff you don't really want to see
however on the happy side we talk about
having books made into movies choice of
van and the fabulousness that is mummy
dearest so enjoy this video it gets cut
off at the end because of an
announcement in the office that we were
filming in but otherwise on with the
show yes rest I'm glad you like rusty
because I do not feel like a human being
you're like you used to like you know
being a YouTube star see something now
oh you haven't seen the channel have you
actually I think I did stalk you a
little bit not there on me I just search
for your Instagram because because
that's always bad you know your image
isn't on here and I was like I find that
wondering what he looks like
and I really wanted but it was or as
well and went on the whole back yes yeah
yeah but like the most like memoirs yeah
lose right
I don't care erase yeah yeah
oh really yeah um I thought didn't a
straight guy was my head Ãªtre because he
what you didn't realize that you needed
like a sexy pic on the back and clearly
Mikhail's yeah exactly
um do you think this is full of the gays
I wrote it for the gays but obviously
like you know it's got a lot of family
stuff in it um I think it's I hate to
use the term Universal because you know
I've I studied you know queer theory
like breaks down all those ideas like
what's universal etc but I do think it
it has like some some more broad themes
about family and stuff like that so that
was kind of the stuff that I think was
actually like resonated than most of me
because obviously I'm one of the gays um
bonus stuff the stuff that made me cry
was the stuff when you were thing about
your mother and your father and like
that family dynamic and that kind of
importance for you and that kid might
build a lot of the fear around being
kind of like a gay kid growing up in the
south
yeah and I think like a lot of that was
really hard to reconstruct because
you're saying they're thinking like oh
god I don't want to be like pathetic and
and let go deep into like the sort of
psychology at that time because it's so
embarrassing what we've seen buzzing I
think it's embarrassing because you know
I actually believed that there were
literal demons controlling me for you
know a while yeah that's crazy I mean if
you looked at today's news cycles most
people believe crazier things but sure
but I still don't like being lumped with
that and and I think you know there's a
stigma about the South in the u.s. we're
all just Hicks and dumb and you know
where we do we should just take yeah
exactly
but but it's you know some stereotypes
are slightly true but but I did really
want to like show nuance in the south
and like show that there are these like
full human beings and yes there's this
prevalent attitude towards queer people
but that's not all there is
the stuff is a very strange history
uh-huh I mean as you know probably but
like with already looking but with LGBT
people it's it's weird because like some
towns have incorporated queer people but
they're sort of like almost like clowns
like maybe here's the interior decorator
like we just don't talk about his little
wooden man or like here the two women
who lived on the street that have always
lived together and you're like you know
it's just yeah exactly when I was lucky
enough to like do a little bit of a road
trip through the south last year what
you know I'm glad you called it that I
most people do not call it I thoroughly
enjoy it but also because I was going
from big city to big city
oh well and something you didn't see
Kentucky has a very big sky but I drove
through little walk oh okay yeah yeah I
sort of a little yeah and what I found
really quite lovely those that the quick
immunities in those big cities yeah are
super strong there so everybody knows it
whatever what did you ever because you
were quite isolated in the period of him
that you're documenting in this book
what was your kind of experience of
queer culture growing up and we like
getting to the point where you are now
I mean it's cripplingly depressing to
say this but there was no sense of queer
culture where I was from it was like I
mean my first hometown was a population
of 100 people that's insane
so no one was identifying as anything
you know other than straight and then
you know when I would see any depiction
of a queer person it was always like
someone dying of AIDS on TV or or you
know I grew up during the Matthew
Shepard era which if you can recall is
the kid who he came on to someone in a
bar and he was beaten and like to die
basically crucified and he was one of
the big like cases that propel the like
hate crime you know
notions in our country and so and I
would like go to church and people would
say after that event like well he got
what he deserved
mm-hmm I mean that's insane to think
about now but that was the attitude I
would be in Sunday school you know went
to church like three times a week I
would be in Sunday school and a man
would come into the class and he would
say they're having a gay pride parade in
Little Rock you need to sign this
petition yeah and and like he would pass
it around and watch us you know he would
stand Oh Jim did you know that you get
yet then and I felt like two things I
was like okay if I sign this I'm gonna
go to hell because I know that I'm gay
person and I'm like this is like evil
and some part of my brain knew that but
another part of my brain was like I'm
gonna go to hell if I don't sign it and
here's this man staring at me you know
if he sees me not sign this paper when
it comes to me mm-hmm I'm gonna be a
suspect like he's gonna straight look at
me you know if my hand does this like um
it's over yeah what was it like to kind
of so I feel like your first kind of at
least from the book opening up into the
fact that like gay people could be happy
is Kailen Kailen
um so helped his name it's his real man
oh that's very cute um I hate I'm into
Caleb you just got a big Mercure
wonderfully know that now he feels like
a gateway oh um what happens because
like we kinda it's like it's on to the
end of yeah but what happens after kind
of came on my god if she leaves you no
one has ever asked me that question yeah
it takes a gay to a scrappy yes so um
Caleb like right after that I was like
proselytizing to him you know which is
not sexy yeah it doesn't give you away
most of the time um anybody
and so that was weird you know and like
but it opened up this I mean caleb was a
very artistic individual and he some his
paint oh yeah and some of this stuff had
to cut out from that we're like really
great scenes that my editor was like
yeah they were wonderful but I got
another book and and one of those was
that like you know that period of time
when I knew him that was about a month
and so at one point like we were
watching he made me watch Mommy Dearest
amazing yet which he was like you have
to like understand the culture and he
actually played it on repeat it was like
a day where we were just like hanging
out there mommy do this is just her
being like this is amazing but also I'm
a little terrified this insane and again
didn't understand like the context so
yeah it was just like camp made no sense
to me but yeah I mean that those seeds
that were planted there like they
they've established like my queer
identity since then I I think I
attribute Caleb to that but at the time
you know that was like right before some
of the really terrible stuff that
happened you know I just I was still
dealing with like the fallout of the
rape that experienced in college and and
there was yeah there was like this idea
of freedom but it could easily be
retracted if people said something or or
like if if the ideas of like you know
queer people being perverts would come
back into my head of it so you um were
outed by your rapist yeah told your
mother that's pretty oh yeah that's a
headline is so annoying
but actually I would ask you that what
what's it like um first of all with
people kind of cottony onto that and
using it as like the clickbait headlines
well first of all both the day we fail
and the mirror asked for exclusive
at me and I turned them down because of
their conservative you know backing they
haven't been the best no yeah I don't
really want to support them yeah and but
they run stories anyway yeah and their
tried to like get at me so many times is
so annoying and I just find it like
actually the coverage itself is not
poorly done and I I keep thinking well
okay I didn't take their money so that's
good but also like these people that are
conservative they're seeing this story
is not being written in a way that's
actually that salacious like the
headlines insane but I'm like okay maybe
that's like a good thing
he's like parents that are a little bit
more conservative or seeing this how did
you feel what's it like having to relive
that experience first million Iranian
yeah over and over again and like again
now sorry yeah no no I'm fine when I'm
talking to somebody that I trust its hi
yeah exactly
but it's like the people that well I've
had like a terrible reaction with some
of the older gay men in the US
especially like right when the book came
out I got all these messages for 2016
yeah 2016 May 2016 that from older gay
men that were like oh that was just a
rite of passage and I was like you've
internalized a lot of really weird just
because you went through the two does
not make yeah like your first experience
should not be right yeah it's just like
generally like a general thing yeah but
that was terrible and then some people
are like oh it was not anal rape so it's
not real rape and I was like okay guess
we've learned nothing from the meet you
as long as it's just a forced blowjob
it's not real great what is going on
well um do you wish was kind of like
because obviously it's an incredibly
powerful story and there's a reason that
it might as residential it's amazing
it is what do you which people frames
that how do you wish people from that
story and like told your story I don't
know anymore
and now like the I mean film media is
like even crazier and so but that's a
whole other you know yeah I don't know
anymore what I want people to frame to
us I guess like I'm tired of for me like
there's such a I wrote this book in a
way that was so clearly not like I'm a
victim mmm-hmm it was very much like you
just know and I don't describe it that
way i humanize all of the villains you
know and i really didn't want it to be
like you know the interior t of the book
and the art style book the aesthetic is
meant to be like okay i am a fully
functioning human being he's like aware
of my reality yeah Munez
yeah no i don't know what's happening in
the world right now so it's fine
um but so yeah like I I guess I hate the
way that people have labeled me as a
victim or the way that headlines will be
like this poor you know teen was sent to
this yeah I don't hate that yeah and
yeah obviously the titles provocative
it's meant to be like this is a really
sucky thing that happens to yeah but I
put it lightly yeah but like I never
meant for it to be a trauma narrative I
thought it was something much bigger
than that and actually you know since
I've written the book it's like you
always wish you could put more things
back into the book after you've learned
yeah no of course
um and I've done so much research since
this and like found you know conversion
therapy going all the way back to the
18th century and like this hospital
called st. Elizabeth's Hospital outside
of Washington DC which was performing
lobotomy isn't like doing like
electroshock therapy later and like it's
part of this much larger continuum of
bigotry that sixes
in my country for a very long time and
not just in my country and also in the
UK it's also in Germany it's also you
know it's everywhere um you've you'll be
one of the heavy things about you coming
here Thanks is that it kind of put um
the fact that conversion therapy is
still legal in the UK nothing there's a
variant of bathing in there's a mirror
and above understanding though with a
load of psychological does that mean
nothing what do you think needs to
happen is outlawing it the answer yeah I
mean a lot of people talk about the
efficacy of outlying it and some people
say it like it's not gonna actually
change things because a lot of these
places you know are religious and in my
country at least we can't ban religious
practices so say you know there's all
this religious protection law stuff so
we've managed to ban I think in 15
states so far secular institution but we
can't touch the religious side so yeah I
get it
we're not gonna actually do anything I
mean on the large scale but what I think
happens when we keep bringing this up is
it makes you know news and then families
who are considering the sort of things
see it my my family had no other news
you know they were told by the church
what to do and they believed it and this
was good the component that he was
giving us yeah oh no no totally
and like you know Mike Pence had
supported it you know and I mean we have
people who meant for the conservative
leadership whose how I know I've read
that Oh mate yeah baby yeah um II know
there's a much larger battle here where
we're just trying to get awareness and
if a band does that if some sort of you
know making it illegal does that then
great it's not gonna stop it
mm-hmm but but it's gonna raise
awareness and then second of all I think
the more important thing here is to
realize that these ideas like one little
like moment of bigotry like the end
result the final art is always somebody
being like locked in a camp or likes you
know so I think people don't always
realize that you know somebody might
have a little light racism
and and then like later that develops
into something really terrifying you
look at the way the u.s. is functioning
right now we are actually separating
parents from their children for no real
reason and like putting them in camps
that's what's happening right now and
and I I really see that as part of a
continue like if you have that in your
heart or your thinking that stuff
it's gonna like that's the end result it
always as in history proves this again
and again you know who would have ever
thought I was just in Germany during a
book tour and they were like well now
you have Nazis it was like oh god and
it's like who would have thought that
would have been going on right now in
2018 but but I think what I really want
to deconstruct is this idea of oh my God
we're in 2018 how could this be
happening that's a stupid idea
yeah well because it's not most people
if they go well also in so many clear
issues as well yeah if it's like the ban
on giving blood exactly or homelessness
rates yet likely and suicide yeah and
people will think like okay we have
marriage equality great cool it's like
the lowest bar yeah it's the first row
and like everyone else and we agree
exactly like if somebody's got able to
make any kind of policy out of that
please listen to it yeah but it's anyway
I could go on forever but but I just I
really want to deconstruct this idea
because some people wouldn't want to
speak here for example you know people
are like oh well that's just like the
crazy self bunch of Hick's right and I'm
like nope actually this these attitudes
exist everywhere and like it's not an
isolated incident and then the second
one that I really hate is like okay it's
2018 how are we still doing this and I'm
like progress is not a straight behind
like study your history look at like the
first people to get their rights are
always you know so basically like if you
get your rights and then like there's a
conservative backlash who are the people
who are attacked first
it's the ones who've just got their
rights
that's what's happening right now yeah
and not I mean we've never had and in my
country at least we've never had good
rights for immigrants so there we go I
wanted to if I can to about John Smith
Smith yes ma'am
Schmidt um so he was the head of the not
in action or an action she's such a
great name
yeah I really liked how you described
the logo is like a cutout that's
actually just the most verbose
description I yeah I mean it actually
looks like the his terrified so he no
longer does convert and therapy no come
he's been cured yeah he's been cured
he's now married so since a partner yeah
I'm shocked Allah he couldn't take the
gate away but he has so in his book he
basically reaffirms his Christian faith
I'll text oh yes yeah um talking about
extra okay I'm glad it's it's a read it
to me he and when you write about him in
boy raised you're angry um Whiteley
sorry um but it's there kind of a
resentment there and forgive me if we
kind of like digging a bit but it snows
there because he's somebody who's
managed to accept his homosexuality and
be able to keep his faith well you know
and you actually not losing you I mean
so he does get humanized like about
halfway through the book and they're
like yeah dude I do try all right yeah
yeah yeah I am and I think that part of
that anger came from the fact that you
know I look at his house that he has
known in Paris Texas and I can't help
but think is that from lovin action
funds because they were making a million
dollars every year where else would he
have gotten that money
and so there's like a part of me that's
like yes he needs to be happy like
everyone deserves happiness everyone
does but he's also responsible for many
people's deaths and I me and my family
never got a personal apology from him so
there's there's a lot of resentment
there that being said he has done the
right thing like he he has apologized he
has like backtracked on all this stuff
he um like I asked him to submit his
documents to the Smithsonian Institution
and he did and so we've placed all of
our documents you know to be recorded
forever in American history which is
really cool so he's he's on the right
side of history with that I don't have
any resentment for anyone who is able to
be Christian and gay this a really great
writer who's also a friend Matthew vines
who wrote God in the Kirk the gay
Christian which is like a wonderful book
this sort of shows how that's possible
um so no I don't I don't have any
resentment for that my only resentment
comes from my own personal experience in
my own fears that someone who was that
much of a megalomaniac back then is not
necessarily going to be cured of that
yes Jim I mean he's still probably gonna
be an asshole well I just could have not
yeah I get so many um requests to have
both of us on like media and I always
deny it
yeah because as as much as he has
changed it's it's still very triggering
to like be in the same place with him or
you know he just he has he's been
talking about it forever and he's had so
much media like so much more media than
I've ever had I would kill for that me
and I just feel like in order to
represent the survivors of conversion
therapy that I need to be the one
speaking
and I Johnson who yeah was that yeah I
feel like it's he's spoken enough it's
time for other people this be good do
you you someone you miss your faith and
yes because it was a really important
like a long with family it's like a
really important part of yeah like the
gathered in the book anyway do you see
yourself do you still have like a
relationship with a God yeah I mean I
feel like my relationship is like really
in that gray area that I'm very
comfortable with now to my dad was like
there's no gray area but I I'm very
happy with it um yeah I still find
myself praying it's like an instinct
that I have that's not ever gonna go
away um you live 18 years of your life
doing that's good you create a well I
don't know it's like a like you want
it's like this you know a amorphous or
yet universal thing but I
I definitely don't pray to like an old
white dude with a beard that's not
praying to anymore or sexy Jesus that I
tried for a while like sexy Jesus with
ABS no no but he he's been like really
dude game anyone confidence is like my
own was sexy Jesus not brown obviously
he was yeah but I you so I just when I
pray it's just like to this it's like
mostly just like being thankful for
things I don't ask for things anymore I
find that to be everything in a way
that's like like oh great everyone's
dying of hunger a bit like I'm gonna ask
what we need to do well yes and really I
want this interview to go well so sell
more books that's up your books
be made into a movie oh that's um you're
being played by Lucas hedges are you
annoyed thing aren't being played by
choice of em huh I love Troy first of
all Troy I didn't know anything about
Troy before this phone but icon I know
knows one of us I had no idea
I can't believe that I didn't know and
now he's like my life like every new
video I'm like watching everyone this
blue is like a fantastic believe is yeah
I want that he's finally genderqueer and
it's wonders yeah I love it but yeah he
is the sweetest person in the world like
his mother was on set
she's also a fantastic and we just like
bonded she was like crying automations
like I understand your story and he yeah
I couldn't believe how wonderful he was
Lucas is a doll by the way um he's
playing it yeah yeah yeah he I just seen
him in Manchester let's see like right
before George and he's the director
asked me if I wanted him to play me Anna
yes did you get her to say yeah it is
really cool to have like a list who's
tall no I didn't have a list cuz I'm not
good at movies but my husband is really
a movie both in you like he was the one
who was like behind the scenes being
like English via and then like you know
uh Xavier Dolan EMS French Canaan queer
directors isn't it - yes and I'm so
random and so great and also flee isn't
it I don't know what's happening just a
lie to come yetiz yeah oh and sherry
Jones Oh crazy query icon like wasn't
asked how anyone I know what you
probably could people that were like at
the camp yeah they're like get like one
scene and you're like cool I feel like I
understand them that quickly like a
bingo you drink well Joel was amazing he
made them like write out their
backstories like in a in a like moleskin
journal and and like they might have
like one line but they had to know their
full backstory because he wanted it to
come across like yeah people yeah but
Lucas he like invited me to his
apartment and like we like sat and
talked for like basically two days yeah
about the part and he had actually like
taken every page of boy erased and
written notes on it and I was like okay
this is the one because he was so real
so yeah
and and yeah it was just like a
wonderful experience I can tell you well
I can't tell you a lot about Nicole
cumin but but we'll talk off camera yeah
so this one there's one more question I
want to answer you and it's kind of
based around one of the scenes in the
book where you've explained to your mom
like the process that you're going
through and she seems to be unconvinced
sister were born of the way she takes
you to the peabody plug RB yeah and then
she asks you if you want to throw a
penny in the world and make a way and
you say no yeah um what would you wish
for
oh my god that's terrifying you know
actually it's so I totally resist the
whole like um you know what doesn't kill
you makes you stronger narrative
anything that's a really you can deflect
hate that yeah well I like this huh yeah
but I hate I hate the idea of it
especially a memoir and it's sort of
written as a way my book is written as
like a response to that but um but as I
say in the beginning like I do sometimes
thank God that did happen
just because I feel like it was like a
really you know formative experience
that for me as a writer and a creator
and it gives me something to push back
against so i guess i'm i wouldn't wish
for anything to be different mm-hmm
which is kind of horrible yeah because
it was terrible but then if you've ended
up getting out of it yeah and you're
happy with the person that you are
then wanted yeah I wish I had the ten
years of my life back where I was like
rebuilding myself and like learning
about Darwin for the first time because
I wasn't told that I could didn't have
that here Corey hi we will shortly ask
you to take a moment to observe a
minute's silence if any of those who
lost their lives their goodbyes the
grenfell play on fire what you know okay
thank you okay thank you thank you you
should stop now do that minute silence
that was wonderful thank you so much for
watching and thank you to Garrard for
taking the time to talk to me that was
an amazing conversation he is
fascinating human being please be my
friend you can watch me talk about other
LGBTQ thing books here you can watch me
interview other people in interesting
ways actually I'm going to link
specifically to the de Franco video
where it's less of an interview and more
me talking about my beard - dave franco
it's a good watch and then click on my
face in order to subscribe because i
need numbers on social media sites to
validate my existence
ok good bye
