hello YouTube jazzer here so a few weeks
ago
oddly Google were like hey do you want
to interview dave franco the actor about
the film now you see me too that he's
starring in and i was like i do politics
and satire and things what's wrong with
you yes I will definitely do that the
film I believe is still in cinemas
otherwise this is a very late video and
out of date but if it is just deal with
it I think that we had a lovely chat we
didn't talk about the movie very much I
don't think I'm the best interviewer
when I have a topic that I have to stick
at but I hope you enjoy it so I can
share this video or else I'm on with the
show ok hey Dave yeah uh hi yeah I have
no idea what I'm doing good
I got no I've never actually yeah so I
have never interviewed somebody about a
film that is coming out never
oh no way have I I was really quite far
down the list of people that they were
asking let's get some give me some weird
questions I have nothing win okay that's
all right although I do have something a
bit weird yeah this you have to promote
movies like all the time sure sure um
does it ever get like slightly
monotonous and dull talking about
yourself absolutely yeah I've got to the
point where you know when you're on a
press tour you basically answer the same
three questions okay what are the three
questions that I meant to be asking you
yeah um did you learn any new tricks for
the movie yeah loads I'm mastering these
four oh yeah yeah yeah okay okay loads
good answer yeah good sir
um what was it like working with Daniel
Radcliffe uh it was weird seeing him in
that much Erman yes yeah word for word
from yeah yeah and then the last one
wasn't like returning with this great
cast a lot really good obviously Michael
Caine who's always a letdown on set but
everybody else was great always left out
that's obviously is a national trend
and I retract video good answers the
obvious is that I'm going to ask the
cheesiest goes together is there
anything that you wish the people had
been asking you about this movie because
obviously you've been lucky enough not
every movie gets a sequel well yeah you
somehow needs to get every movie that
you're in interest equal if I've been
pretty lucky well done dang gonna put it
all down to you know what I'm gonna take
like point oh eight percent credit for
the sequels that I've been involved in
ex um but no honestly I have I know how
fortunate I am to be not only working
but to like be working on projects that
I'm like passionate about yeah that's
like again I don't take that for granted
and what was the initial question that
we were going for okay cool
like I said way out of my depth cool
cool um when you're doing like these
press tours yes at what point do you
kind of go into autopilot and think just
stop asking me the same questions you
know I try not to and it's a lot easier
when I'm doing it with someone else in
the cast
yeah can kind of play off each other so
someone like you who's like fun and like
wants to like go off-book a little bit
on each other five minutes living no
listen I'm not just blowing steam it's
like a lot of lot of people that are
interviewing you they they literally
aren't even listening then and you're
like trying to like connect and make
jokes but they're all they're thinking
about is their next question and so you
you know you're you say some joke and
sometimes it's a good joke and you just
get this ha ha ha so this is how exactly
how I feel when I so I kind of do some
funny stuff for the internet I'm
sporadically funny Houston tell me tell
me like how would you describe your
brand of funny um so I'm like satirical
political commentary the cause generally
I ate the world which is why it's why
I've the openers to talk about a movie
gotcha gotcha
um I died her like how did this
interview carve out for you like I got
an email from Google I was like randomly
they're like hey you yeah yeah like I'm
like we're at the space and I'm here
all the time right right so I think I'm
them enough good I think yeah sure why
not come along and I ran it by so my
mates at the office yeah that I ran it
by them and they were like you would be
crazy not to do the course um and also I
have a couple of goal mates who I share
a desk we've got it they first of all
want to know how you smell I won't
describe my smell no no you know I want
you to yeah uh don't don't don't hold
any punches please like like citrusy
Musk
it's excellent yeah oh there you go
that's going to take all of the bottom
the people I have to go back and work
with later on today
um and what what else did they tell me
they were like um they wanted to just
talk about how attractive you were does
that ever get annoying I don't know this
for example I've have a great business
you don't have any fantastic IQ I just
wanted you to say no no I talk about
when I try to grow up here yeah of
course you can and maybe you can see a
little bit it doesn't come in here
doesn't there is quite a large gap about
that yeah yeah and uh and I had to grow
a beard for a movie uh-huh did they end
up putting on like a suspense you know
they did whatever but I'm very envious
of that beer how long does that take a
really fucking or does it look like so
much maintenance it looked terrible for
about six months and I did have the
patchiness I have so much neckbeard
which as you can see I have to kind of
maintain how often deal every two days
okay
otherwise it just looks like something
is trying to overtake a kind of like how
big have you gotten it so it has ended
up about down here and do you do
different girls are different group
types of growth attracted you with that
beard I'm sure loads of girls are but
they're not my type got it uh but also
fun so if we're going to talk about this
so for gay guys yeah I've gotten way
less attention and I'm like I might not
a twink anymore god yeah good idea
and it's almost heartbreaking yeah it's
it's like I'm sure place I look like a
completely different person
you're the complainer of yourself I too
much fine
yeah that is what I look like no way
yeah I know right I have a second when
was this taken that was like
six months seven months ago I would have
said this last summer thirteen and a
half years ago yeah I know I look really
fucking old now I like this look I like
both but I like this look oh you can
stay
um but what's also great is that now I
get to claim minority status because I'm
quite ginger right and I wasn't
expecting this and it's like this
anglo-saxon thing that we get that
everything else is really really like I
mean Brown show yeah um and then all of
a sudden we grow beards and it's like
boom copper and I you know what it feels
like I'm just giving you compliments but
I like a good ginger man I appreciate a
good ginger I feel like when I pretend
to be straight most of the girls I won't
forward okay really yeah
let's live wit like we're totally the
same person drops growing up growing up
did bean bean a ginger yeah did did like
people make fun of you were they did
they like you because they maybe there
weren't as many gingers around so
there's this terrible thing where
gingers actually get a load of abuse go
exactly that's what I um but what was
really lucky is that when this started
coming through I'd get like three or
four hairs yeah it was like pushing
copper play-doh through one of those
little holes guys like come out like
this like ideas trying to dry curl
around and stand ready um but in general
no I was actually quite lucky the best
you ever read those the short way as if
they're gingers get the short end of the
stick why don't why do people like cuz
we're dying out because we were a
recessive gene and we're bargains I like
a good ginger yeah are you so when
you're looking at UM gingers yeah are
you more of a top-heavy ladies and the
things that I like or a long leg lady
because I had the only reason I'm asking
this is because when I was with
pretending to be straight in my you um I
had two principal girlfriend none of
them had fantastic butcher the other one
had amazing legs
I just want to know which one you would
have come for I can name took a car can
I do a third option is of course you can
I like a good butt right yeah yeah
that's um I don't know what else to say
that's the answer that's what I
transferred to after I came out
yeah thanks yeah no fantastic um
question do is it okay like you you mind
being called ginger like is there or is
that I think I'm actually technically
more of an urban than orbit yeah oh yeah
kind of lot as if something flicked from
the Northern Lights that's what I like
to think maybe it is you know uh yes
yeah isn't it is it a great way ginger
feels almost abrasive where is all bring
this like oh no and no matter what my
next role is I'm becoming Orban please
do yeah I also accidentally became
completely ginger when I was like 16
we need accidentally so you know when
you buy those like well uh packs of the
hair dye no oh you can get like a hair
dye forget shops like off the show show
expanded stuff I'm sure that you would
get it professionally done sir Damo give
me that I like the Weller's just like
anyone I didn't know what that was about
thirty seconds ago you give me shit I'm
and we bought that for some reason all
of us it was like we were turning into a
cult a load of my friends from school
care decided we're all gonna go blonde
and we all decided to go cloud one or
platinum oh yeah we didn't leave the dye
in our hair's long enough and we were
just all kind of strawberry blonde guys
the song god it was terrible and back
how many of you were there that was like
every blast doing like we look you were
planning down the country lanes what was
right what was the decision process
where it's like alright guys gonna be a
gang of platinum blood seven of you guys
rolling down the street that's not a
good idea
you're like we thought we were almost
channeling Clockwork Orange or something
on the lines that we were like because
we're back everything I said thank you
there was method behind okay okay it's
just we were very graphic following got
it got it was a cornea um I wouldn't
show he talked about the bloody movie
you want armor because of family
yes um why are the British people the
only evil people in the movie good
question you like a really good question
it happens all the time and you've
gotten two of our best finest actors I
know and you've made an evil and dress
them up in a minute very odd Radcliffe
won't even talk about he's like I feel
like it's a rite of passage to play like
yeah exactly but it shouldn't be that
way should it I know right I think that
well because I think it's very easy for
you guys to be like he's got a bit of an
X he must be I know but like I feel like
we gotta be past that at this point
so what accents would you be casting as
the evil characters um because there's
no right answer here uh yeah like uh
somebody sounds like me I'm just gonna
throw myself under the bus really
cop-out yeah absolutely
he didn't look like Belgium award
Canadian no that wouldn't be good either
and now it it nobody really cared about
the Belgians it's fine the Belgian like
the Belgians are great
you're lovely lovely pieces for your the
eat they are the easiest country to go
to because nobody really think using up
a heart you're digging yourself I feel
like that what I actually do be the
organ star goes straight there so I'm
buggered if I ever get banned anymore
all like Canadian now that Justin
Trudeau's empowered everyone loves them
ed hey I'm just I do I feel like I don't
know how to you should be to this
conversation I'm happy for me so to my
fans yeah yeah I have like is there
anything else that you'd like me to ask
because I feel like I'm offended I'd
like to know about
oh I learn again so I'm gonna stop this
portion of that video here because then
Dave asked me a load of questions about
me and YouTube and it probably not
hugely entertaining for those of you
that came here to just hear about dave
Franco and his movie so it'd be quite
rude of me if you do want to watch the
continued conversation there's like 10
more minutes then press press here
click here watch the video and being day
just have more more talk and it was nice
thanks for watching like comment and
follow like comment engage comment like
ok play
you
