in the last few days of the campaign and
we just all kind of agreed that this
whole EU referendum thing has become one
big up on the one hand we had David
Cameron who is like this is going to be
really easy walking the park two-thirds
of people wanted to remain and then we
fast forward to this week and we're
50/50 in the polls with ten percent
undecided and I'm really stressed then
there's the people campaign and believe
who were like oh yes we'll make the
economic hardiment and not pander to
xenophobia and then in the last week of
the campaign boom racist poster can we
talk about this poster for a second
because the man of a thousand chins
Nigel Faraj said quite clearly that this
was an accurate non doctored photograph
which to be fair is a quite weird thing
to say when you have nothing to hide
right yes this is an unedited image but
this is a picture of non-european
refugees on the Slovenia Croatia border
which basically means that we have
complete control of the UK as whether
they enter into our country or not their
situation has absolutely nothing to do
with our membership of the European
Union and to they put a logo of the only
white skinned person in the photo what
were they thinking they were like oh
yeah Nigel I don't think that this
poster really echoes Nazi propaganda
enough yet let's cover up the only way
just to make sure that people know that
we're talking about people talking of
dog-whistle racism the leave campaign
seems to have also fixated on the fact
that Turkey might one day become a
member of the European Union and that's
enough to scare the British public as a
side note as well as Turkey Montenegro
Macedonia Iceland Serbia and Albania are
all also being considered for membership
of the European Union but the leave
campaign seemed to have fixated on
Turkey hmm I wonder why
it definitely has nothing to do with
their genuinely darker complexion and
tendency to pray five times a day not at
all now this has been talked about to
death but as a member of the European
Union the UK is able to veto the
accession of any new members if we don't
want Turkey to join or any other member
we can just say no and that's the end of
it we're not even the most likely
country to say no to turkey becoming a
member of the EU Germany has been
against it for years and then there's
Cyprus also a member of the EU which was
invaded by Turkey in the 70s and then
split down the middle to create like
some kind of weird independent state do
you really think that Cyprus currently
is going to be okay with turkey joining
the EU no in order to counteract this
the leave campaign have been saying that
our veto over Turkish membership is just
a theory well yes of course it's just a
theory everything is just a theory until
it actually bloody happens right I could
punch myself in the face and in theory
it all hurt of course it's gonna bloody
hurt can we also talk about the lie of
350 million pounds being sent to the EU
every week 18 billion pounds a year now
pay attention here because it's really
important the lead campaign have had
this figure plastered across their bus
that has been touring around the country
and it completely disregards the fact
that every year 5 billion of that is
taken off in an automatic rebate and we
also should to take off the 4 billion
that we get in funding from the EU each
year anyway using this correct figure
our contributions to the EU amount to
about nine point six percent of our
national gross domestic product now in
order for leaving the EU to be
economically worth it all we need to do
is have an economy that shrinks by less
than naught point six percent seems
relatively easy right I mean you'd think
so but models that show that the UK
economy is gonna grow after we leave the
European Union are few and far between
there is of course this one that shows
that will grow by 4% by 2020 but this
was put together by an organization
called economist for brexit so you can
see I mean you can judge whether or not
they're biased yourself by you know the
main and open Europe study did show that
our economy wouldn't change much up or
down more than 1% but practically every
other reputable economics model from
Oxford economics the National Institute
of Social Research
CBI Price Waterhouse Cooper the Treasury
from the OECD from the center of
economic performance all show losses to
our gross domestic product more than not
0.6% and the British response to this
seems to be our but what does the
boffins know everything literally it's
their job to get this right it's an
absolutely insane like are they're
biased have you ever
in economists they are the most
dispassionate detached people no offense
that you will ever meet if they saw that
the UK was going to be better off
outside of the EU they would tell us
I'm cuz you can't notice I'm kind of
depressed about this and I've been open
and critical about the remain campaign
as well they've been apocalyptically
ridiculous with some of their
predictions for what happens when we
leave if we leave the EU and I'm really
depressed because I see my country
walking off of the cliff the thing is I
see our voices as amplified by being in
Europe not drowned out and I think that
it's better for us to be in there
steering the ship rather than adrift in
the Atlantic Ocean on a life raft yes
that you could be more transparent yes
that you could be more democratic yes
that you could be more visible in our
day to day lives and have more charisma
than this guy but why the hell are we
thinking about throwing out the baby
with the bathwater like this isn't the
country that I feel part of the country
that I'm part of has a stiff upper lip
and we keep calm and we bloody well
carry on please vote remain
can you tell that I wanna remain like me
on Facebook follow me on Twitter
subscribe to me on youtube I have been
roaming with oranges and this has been a
party political broadcast for my sanity
today
by jay baer you own the frame well done
awesome just leave me I will get up
