hello Europe and for some reason for yet
another year Australia it's that time of
the year again in 40 plus countries from
across the world are representing
themselves through the traditions of
glitter and song fans know it as the
song tastic extravaganza that is the
most televised non sporting event in the
world and the gayest thing since well
well this I know you're busy with life
for those of you who aren't initiated I
am of course talking about the
Eurovision Song Contest where nations
from across the world choose a performer
and a song to represent them and then we
all vote for a winner it's kind of like
American Idol but with lashings more
kick out of the 42 countries that were
entering this year one of my favorites
is France because they're performer Amir
is really really small during ly sexy
and really cute and hot and I love him
Spain is my favorite to win this year
despite the fact that she sings so
quickly I have literally literally no
idea what she's saying but she has an op
tempo fun song and a pretty boring year
and she's got a gimmick with her feet
which is you know got to do what you
need to do to stand out I suppose
there's also a trend that I've noticed
since Manziel one of one for Sweden last
year where he fist he bumped with a
little glowing known person we've seen a
lot of the axe this time around choose
to use interactions with projections as
part of their performance everyone's
kind of freaking out and saying that
this is a really big thing and a new
route for performance at Eurovision and
I'm like come on Beyonce has been using
background projections since who ran the
world like peeps get with the times
frankly this year all I and everybody
else seems to want to talk about is the
bookies favorite to win and that is
Russia and OH Russia you have become a
parody of yourself Russia hasn't been
hugely popular within Europe politically
since it decided to annex part of the
continent from the Ukraine back into
Russia but that aside they have
continued to do really well in the
Eurovision Song Contest getting a huge
amount of votes most oddly from the
Ukraine despite the fact that
turned up and went mine now and then
like snuck back very odd
Russia also has a complicated
relationship with the Eurovision because
it's lawmakers aren't the biggest fan of
the gays your visions biggest fans are
arguably probably the gays you see you
see the conflict there in previous years
we've seen subtle protests from the
crowds with rainbow flags being held in
front of shots of Russian performers and
it seems like in order to counteract
this Russia has decided to pander to the
queer crowd Russia's official music
video starts with this shot and every
straight woman and gay man's heart
simultaneously went oh oh my the song
itself is called you are the only one
and is throughout overtly ambiguous
about the gender of whoever it is is the
only one and their performer Sergey
Lazarev
let's just say that his portfolio is
some kind of camp after only the
smallest amount of googling for Sergei
you will find this video for take it off
in which I'm like honey I know you're
trying to surround yourself with
beautiful beautiful women but that may
drift those shoulder pads those layers
of foundation those hot pink trousers
sweetheart you're falling no one
optimistically does this mean that
Russia has changed its spots towards
openness of homosexuality probably not
unfortunately there have been reports of
the Israeli Eurovision entry Hovey star
receiving homophobic abuse when he was
promoting his song in Russia this is
also probably unlikely to affect the way
that Russia perform in this year's
contest last year they came second the
year before that they came with
respectable 7th peeps just don't care
enough regardless though Eurasian night
is going to be an absolute blast it is
the 14th of May by the way and I have a
tradition where I live to eat the whole
thing and I'm very sassy throughout so
make sure you go and follow me on
Twitter in order to have your feed
clogged up with my opinions on each of
the acts as we go through the final I'm
also going to be trying something
slightly
different this year I want to go live
after all of the acts of performed and
before the votes come in on my Facebook
page so please do go over to my facebook
page like that and then we can hang out
and talk about the way that the contest
has gone on live on Facebook which will
be really cool exciting no my name is
jeiza thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video please do like
and share it around it means that I get
to interact with more people about the
stuff that I am nerdy about speaking of
interactions leave a comment below let
me know who you think is going to win
this year are you going to go with the
brookey's favorite do you think gosh
Irwin or what do you think of my
selection of Spain I feel like it's
about time that we had a big for win
again since Germany in 2010 I have been
rhyming with oranges of Severson totally
you
