so until relatively recently you would
have seen the words pinata pig and
Cameron together and it would have been
very confusing not anymore hello
Internet my name is jeiza good to see
you unless you've been living under a
rock for the past week or so you would
have noticed that the Panama papers has
become a thing this is where 11.5
million documents have been released
from the offshore law firm mossack
fonseca which has a name so arbitrary it
sounds like a European Footballer a
tropical holiday destination and a Bond
villain all kind of matched up the same
place this is as we've been told
multiple times by journalists
ecstatically blowing their own trumpets
the biggest leak ever and shines a light
on the 21 trillion dollars which is
hidden from national taxes good now I
know that 21 trillion is a very big
number there is scary but just to put it
into context that hopefully you guys
will understand this is enough money to
buy every single person on the planet an
xbox one six times and if that's not
justification for closing to actually
post and I don't know what is everybody
deserves the right to play call of duty
six times over many of the world's most
powerful and wealthy have been linked to
these links including Kim Jonathan
Vladimir Putin and the family of the
Chinese President Xi Jinping alongside
these evil politicians we've also seen
some evil celebrities taking part in tax
avoidance including Simon Cowell who I
don't think anybody was particularly
surprised by Jackie Chan I don't think
anybody really cares about and Paul
McCartney's ex wife Heather Mills who
weird Lisa that she was opening this
account in order to invest in algae
farming which when you think about it is
actually going to be taking place
offshore now the British Foreign
Minister the right honorable david
cameron has also been tied up with these
leaks not him specifically but his late
father in Taman his company blend will
holdings van offshore accounts for
amongst others living stones which
actually to be fair does give Camryn so
much needed street cred now I should be
clear there
nothing illegal about setting up and
running an offshore account yes it means
that you don't pay taxes in the country
where you live and work but I hear that
there are lots of reasons why you would
legitimately set up an offshore account
other than tax avoidance have apparently
I'll be honest I did my degree in Modern
Languages and so I'm really good at
explaining what I think about almada bad
films will you be in but I know next to
nothing about economics so I'm just
going to leave some links downstairs in
the doobly-doo and you guys can do the
reading and then summarize what you
found in the comments below does that
sound good yes excellent teamwork that
said offshore accounts are politically
used to avoid tax in the country where
you do business and where you reside
which is a bit of a slap in the face for
the rest of us who paying money to like
the fire services the health care and
the roads that helped a country you know
function bless him david hasn't dealt
with these revelations very well he
initially basically told us all to
bugger off because taxation is a private
matter he then later on after we all got
a little bit pissed off with that
response said that oh no my family
currently don't profit from offshore
accounts to be fair is true because he
sold the last of his shares in blairmore
holdings in 2010 before he became prime
minister so Oh fine right when pushed
further mr. Cameron said that his family
wouldn't profit from offshore accounts
in the future to which the rest of the
UK kind of went hmm so the private
education at Eton the trust fund that
you were given and the property you've
managed to approve all aren't things
that are going to benefit your family in
the future at all and not caused by your
dad being able to add rule loads of
wealth through an offshore account those
aren't know really David really really
been King the protest and I kind of love
aunty Cameron protests nowadays because
they all revolve around pic symbolism
because of that thing he definitely
didn't do now I didn't get to go to the
vote s but my activism correspondent
been
men managed to get these images in this
video and it looks like a lot of fun
stuff hammer said with a solemn face
that he wished that he dealt with the
whole thing a little bit better which
yeah yeah he probably could have but the
thing is I don't think he really
understands why people are pissed off
about this the issue is that and I think
we can agree that tax avoidance is
immoral David Cameron himself said back
in twenty twelve when commenting on tax
avoidance or some celebrities in the UK
incidentally one of those comedians that
can learn that commented on in 2012
responded in the classiest fat from
Jimmy Carr you sir our gentleman because
offshore accounts are immoral and not
illegal shouldn't it be the government's
job to make them all illegal and then we
have Cameron who he himself has profited
from tax havens and chosen to block the
forms of that sector he chose to write a
letter to the EU blocking any kind of
reforms on tax havens in 20-30 because
of this is impossible to not at least
question whether his like a willingness
to change a phenomenon that cheats the
taxpayer whether that's because of his
own family's ill-gotten gains what do
you think you're an intelligent lot do
you think that David Cameron should be
held responsible for the financial
decisions that his own father made I
asked on Twitter and eighty percent of
you said that this whole story was
grounds for Cameron to resign what are
the rest of you think let me know in the
comments we'll we'll have a good
discussion as always subscribe and share
this video if you have enjoyed it also
go over to Facebook and give my page
like please because that helps very much
too recently I have been sharing amongst
other things me as a powerpuff boy I
look absolutely faith with my ginger
beard and Colette awesome and also I
share my thoughts on white people with
dreadlocks so go over there wade into
the discussions that we've been having
over there it's been like really fun arm
and
like it good excellent I am going to go
now ok Julie I
you
