those on the snapchat she fell yes and
the sign did the thing and then we
posted countries live I also did a thing
didn't I probably did he post a picture
of us
yeah because I was the first person to
post a Shinobi's well and then I got a
notification on Twitter say miss thing
that you were the first person to
publish there's no trending worldwide I
was like odd so zoe sugg methadone is o
Alawis youtube beautician posted an
image of herself lying in bed wearing a
t-shirt and some Calvin Klein tighty
whities that are actually probably
Blackie's ITV News and then this has
been picked up by the press and reposted
those zoella post new racy image yeah
she ditches her wholesome image was the
line that they used in favor of like
wearing something scantily clad on
snapchat yeah I mean it's not a
particularly pretty image as it goes I
mean maybe it's a you could pose the
argument of she does have a very
wholesome image as in the sunset and we
very rarely see her in anything more
than like some very lovely hmm gear but
I don't think that anybody is going to
be you know finding getting sexual
positiveness from the that particular
image just say you so philip defranco on
the blog i'll stop digging myself into
this healthy baby just said no one's
gonna becoming a wank over that image is
that yeah it's basically what you just
said yeah but this oh good Franco put
this probably a bit more articulately
with me and he said oh I can't even use
this image as like a click matey
thumbnail which is fat um no I mean I
read the headlines before seeing the
image and well actually saw the image I
thought oh I was not expecting anything
that mild
yeah I was expecting like cool guys like
and summers tide
to where image no it was basically like
she's getting ready for bed a normal
night um with a t-shirt and some pants
on like it like it wasn't particularly
exciting but you do like burying a minds
how self-obsessed bigoted istic all
youtubers are no offense you also used
to placed videos on the internet so
you're not yeah that's true I used from
that acceptance she did deliberately
post an image of ourselves like in her
underwear on social media presumably she
wanted to attract some sort of attention
I mean you're so it's snapchat though it
was like is that snapchat is well-known
for originally being the social network
where people used to send three-second
dick pics to another and there used to
be a huge problem with the fact that
young people have been using it to sext
quite a lot and it's changed a lot of
snapchat has kind of grown up a little
bit but this so basically after this
story kind of got quite a lot of
traction a few youtubers then decided to
take the mickey out of the Sun and post
responses to them with the hashtag we
stand with Zooey which is so I actually
ended up being the first person to post
a hashtag we stand with Zooey I'm very
proud during to do around the hospital I
always so we were having a conversation
about it on the YouTube Facebook group
which is conflict in terms really um but
we were saying we need to do something
about this this is ridiculous
and I think people were probably joking
about the fact that I we should all post
like parody images and it ended up
getting traction as a trending worldwide
there's an image of you in your
underwear yeah doing the same thing as
doing the same thing as oh is it is it
Rosie it would appear the hot the young
halftime ha ha if you find like a small
percentage of my midriff particularly
racy yes y'all go for it if that's what
you're into but no not really and
so the reason that I was quite happy to
do it would because there is something
quite ridiculous about a grown man in a
beard posting a similar like where if a
bed guys
selfie I mean they're so pretty
ridiculous about there's cool stuff no
need to be you have no idea how
contentious might be it is on my channel
but we were deliberately trying to throw
up the ridiculousness of the double
standards of the Sun which very often
puts up well they have page three the
goodness like we don't they sort of
close that down my holiday awaits they
don't page T of the Sun still like a
topless lady it's not it's not topless
anymore no no I think it they still show
the key needs women but at least unlike
their website they still have like so
many clickbait articles that are
basically oh look at this
woman on the beach who's now really fit
and an example as well that was touted
was Zac Efron is now quite buff and
handsome in in the warm up to like
amendment yes they do it for men as well
um but also they were calling this image
racy when the Sun itself has so many
other racy images that are like you
could arguably say were more um
scandalous and youtubers as well so for
example Mike Marcus Butler he recently
got bath and pose like could make not
naked but like topless thumbnails all
the time yeah but let's ignore no one
knows who Marcus Marcus here is II I
like best-selling author Marcus Butler
and millions of subscribers Marcus pot I
mean in the real world yes as you
complain all the time and no one knows
who the fuck anyone is the problems are
yeah which is possibly why it's new
usually yeah exactly
um what did what do you think as an
outsider of the of the article well she
she defined like the response to it she
defended as Iona is ridiculously the
Thomas replacing this is a racy
I don't discriminate that but the way I
only defended herself by saying you know
I promote body positivity and all that
shit and she has effectively made a
career for herself over promoting the
products of an industry that relies on
people's insecurities about their
physical appearance that's technically
all marketing though all marketing
somebody saying oh you don't have this
thing have this thing yeah I'm saying
she's pretending to be an ambassador for
my body positivity but she know but she
she relies on her industry that provides
the opposite of that yeah but I would
say that actually Zoe she's sometimes a
contentious figure but I think that
actually on on the whole Zoe is a
positive role model for people and I
think that she does try and put across
like a healthy image to like young girls
and part of that is being okay with like
wearing some pants into t-shirt yeah but
she says that you know he's quite
attractive
ya know it's it's all a bit rich as well
I'm saying it's a bit of hits a bit ripe
ok so your hater it's fine um what do
you think of the response was it so
there's been some pushback some other
online creators have said that this was
basically a chance for the load of
people to post like some slightly racy
images of themselves and selfies of
themselves and there is also the
possibility of underaged people and
young people were posting like pictures
of themselves in their on doing as well
although I still maintain that there's
nothing particularly there's no weathers
photo I don't think there is an awful
lot I guess in terms of that hardly pet
depends off
pushed her I guess yeah a couple of
people didn't really understand the
dream and work and did make quite ironic
photos but I would like more power to
you that's fine if you wanted to make a
statement than that's okay I don't know
it does like judging by some of the
tweets I mean it does seem like social
media going mental among yourselves that
actually the press exploits social media
bit all I pick something up and run with
it if it thinks there's cliques in it
but most of all fundamentally doesn't
really care what social media thinks I
don't think oh how do you mean also it
trended the we stands with our hashtag
it's trended worldwide and it clearly
got enough speed enough people's go to
elicit that kind of like a really big
response I think that people were just
mainly pissed off at the hypocrisy of a
sudden is it a democracy I think it's a
hypocrisy it's a double standard for
somebody who hangs over you versus
someone like Marcus or someone works a
Katherine I mean you said that they
posted the dimension of Zac Efron or was
it a male all the posts and images I
came from I think everybody posted an
image of Sakhalin because that was a
very beautiful image but double
standards if they're posting images of
men and women they probably post in
Norwich of images of women but then they
post an image of Zac Efron and say for
and to post an image of Zoe and go like
oh she's ruined her wholesome image this
is actually disgusting she's meant to be
available I think that that is the
double standard I mean they're different
situations well I had I mean if you say
that there's other trades far beyond her
like being a role model for young women
Zac Efron doesn't really try it on on
that I mean being a role model for young
men I mean he was like a teen star and
does still have like quite a young
following um he's got a young flow among
girls you saying you're not like a fun
fact no it's not it's not the same
mm-hmm don't say it is a really a double
standard and I mean the male hypocrisy
is because the male is a social
conservative news outlet
you know happily rides on boobs on boobs
and image and recite while Shane images
of young girls despite having no go you
know inciting pee together and yes every
time there's a new major pedophile
scandal but the coming the sons always
been partitioned very Essex is it that's
quite moved I'm from Essex if anybody
you know and um I don't adhere to those
daily type so how do I tell you but do
you so do you think that any of this
response that like the youtubers and
quite a lot of her following kind of
piggybacked on top of like how much of
that do you think was legitimate and how
much of it was a chance to take a selfie
in the underwear because I did quite
enjoy the underwear they'll be taking
yeah yeah it's very awkward for me he's
saying does people that you know look
for political analysis of a personally
interested in saying you're in your
underwear funnily enough night I'm sure
some people were very happy to see you
see what kind of pants I wear I did
deliberately I got home after work found
a nice pair of pants that looked similar
to Zoey's and so I hope that people will
notice the attention to detail that I
put into them how do you found the best
looking pants are actually not fucking
comfortable at all no mine it mine are
great Calvin Klein's hash tag spawns
it's not although I have available
Calvin Klein if you wish to learn no
gladly because someone you know someone
who attends the gym a bit more regularly
than you but that's that's not a very
nice thing to say that I mean that's
just a bit more sense it's social
fucking ratio yeah no no but do you
think that that I I know that it's kind
of saying our did we have the right to
be outraged but do you think it's
actually done anything in terms so what
I posted a bit of an amount on Instagram
where I said this is ridiculous and
people shouldn't be ashamed of not being
ashamed of their bodies does that make
sense well they tryna say where they're
trying to shame her but they couldn't
make her
yeah I believe so hello they thought
look look there's a there's an image of
Zoe SOGs in her underwear in bed and we
can spin this as a race team it race
image it will get clicks and on yeah
which it did and actually to be fair we
probably gave that asking a bit more
traction than it would probably mean I
would have read it if it wasn't today
already yeah so yes but there seems to
be this thing in like news analysis and
we did I think we touched but it's
slightly in me in the previous segment
yeah people assume that newspapers are
actually more ideological than they are
at the end of the day bottom line does
rule and in the sun's case the Murdoch
brand has always been very like more
about bottom line than somewhat someone
like the mail in the mail is more
ideological than the Sun as it's the
Tory graph as is the Guardian the
sanatoria graph being the telegram
telling earlier might be confused by
that yeah but yeah the Sun just like in
just news core in general always cares
about the bottom line and it cares about
money and this wasn't an opportunity to
shame Zoe Zoe sugg it was an opportunity
I think you get some clicks off an image
yeah that's that's the end of this the
story room but it was like ridiculously
click Beatty because they could say it's
a racy image when it clearly isn't at
least I mean admit misleading clip they
did I could have thought right yeah I
know like for youtubers to preach about
that also it's probably not messing yeah
that no one's cuffed themselves in glory
and probably not um do you think that
this is something that like the response
to this has actually done anything or
was it basically saying oh hey Zoe
you're like a significant person notice
me as I stand up for you because I know
that that's been a criticism as well
yeah and probably no social media works
thank you for having such
oh it's not you but I mean though your
you're a principled man
Oh probably the nicest thing you ever
said to me
and now hello everybody welcome to the
right dishonor the bull that was
whatever the podcast that we say you've
just been watching a clip from I
realized that we've just
color-coordinated really well well done
good for solder this is this is Jimmy we
do a podcast every week every now and
again we talk about some fun stuff
Michael Saroyan so mostly blowing this
duster so on this week we talked about
the 1916 Irish uprising and the bomb
attacks in Brussels and Lahore in
Pakistan but also we talked about Zoey
in happen three um this is like a little
teaser so that if you want to go over
and listen to the original podcast you
can do and find us there thank you very
much for watching bye bye bye to all
subscribe yeah subscribe break right
yeah I other things made it to things
ready folks
what no it's not oh yeah give it oh shit
mate it by musters Oh what the podcast
this is a fucking cut
this is a circle sucks suck she's not a
per level
