hello hello America it's us the rest of
the world um I know you're not overly
interested in general in what happens
outside of your lovely lovely country ah
but I feel like we need to have a sit
down and have a talk about this man cuz
we're a little worried okay but quite
seriously we're all slightly concerned
about the whole Trump phenomenon I hope
you don't mind suppressing our concerns
this isn't actually the first time that
people from my little island the UK have
expressed their thoughts on the Trump
phenomenon a few months back the UK
Parliament decided to have a little bit
of a debate but whether or not we were
going to ban Donald Trump from coming
into the UK and we decided not to in the
end we were very generous with our
conclusion but we ended up saying and
describing him as stuff like this he is
a wuss look full bonkers daft and
defensive dawdled Trump is a buffoon
stupidity can I tell you a little secret
none of those words actually mean
anything it's just when a British person
thinks that an American is going to be
listening to them we use deliberately
ridiculous vocabulary so that it makes
you think that we all talk like we're in
Downton Abbey and makes you more likely
to buy one direction and little mix cds
two story Donald is really starting to
worry a few people though with his quite
extreme language on immigration his
ridiculous policies to want to build a
wall across the Mexican US border and
get the Chinese all the Mexicans to pay
for it nobody's really sure what the
plan is there he's also got into some
quite public fights with the Fox News
anchor megyn kelly who is so beautiful
that if you look at her with the naked
eye it's like staring directly into the
Sun you will go blind but he said that
she was really annoyed because she had
blood coming out of her whatever it
wasn't classy he's also retweeted loads
of stuff calling her a bimbo no progress
women's rights yay and there's also the
policy of him wanting to ban all Muslim
people from going into the United States
of America which is it going to cause
friction between the US and the Middle
East at all it just isn't people outside
of the
us aren't the only ones concerned by
this the Republican Party who Donald
Trump is supposedly representing has
also started to panic do you remember
Mitt Romney as well as being the subject
of this hilarious gift where he has a
little face on a big head of it so funny
he was the Republican candidate for the
presidency in 2012 eventually losing to
Obama a few months ago he very publicly
laid into Donald Trump lending a voice
to the Republican Party that are
starting to get their knickers in a
twist about the whole thing saying that
he probably isn't as rich and successful
business wise as you probably thought
and also that his policies were divisive
and and demeaning to a lot of people are
not the way that the Republican Party
want to go and I was like oh MIT I loved
you in your Netflix documentary you were
really humanized and and please please
get me to marry one of your hot Mormon
sons what Mormons are hot I feel like
that's a thing right Donald Trump has
many things money being the main one
right but something that he apparently
lacks is a thick skin and soon after
Romney did that like takedown of Trump
and all of his terrible business
practices Donald Trump decided to use a
press conference to promote all of his
products that have his name on it which
included wine steak champagne water and
like it's a bit dodgy to have a
presidential candidate touting their
like business things like you probably
shouldn't be doing that but also it just
made me think who is buying what kind of
like weird person is buying Trump
champagne like that's why would you want
I don't get mmm Trump hasn't been
rejected by absently everybody in the
Republican Party though soon after
dropping out of the race the Republican
governor of New Jersey chris Christie
came out and supported him despite the
fact that they were like hating on each
other quite a lot into Bates I mean
Trump has been hating on absolutely
everybody but let like Chris Chris mind
if I call you Kris um we know that your
term your final term is uppers as New
Jersey Governor we know that you don't
really have a chance to like continue
your political career and
we know you're trying to get the VP or
like Attorney General or something with
president Trump where are your values
chris Christie did very much though all
of his ideals under the bus in order to
further his political career under a
hypothetical president Trump and I don't
know whether to feel terrible for him I
don't know ever to feel elated that this
wasn't kind of rewarded in the way that
he thought it would be rewarded but
there's this this vine of Trump kind of
bullying Chris I don't agree with chris
Christie on a lot of things I have very
little sympathy for him but I'd after
that I I just wanted to give him a hug
there's the planes over there bugger off
Oh Chris what kind of has been worrying
about Trump as well is the amount of
shall we say excitement that his
supporters channel in less than friendly
ways I think that's the most diplomatic
way I can put it there's been a
phenomenon of people protesting at
Donald Trump rallies and then being kind
of like beaten and thrown out and it's
quite terrifying so here's kind of like
a rundown of some of the people who were
thrown out there's this guy who looked
particularly fabulous and kept on like
flicking his hair I love him I want him
to be my friend there was this lady if
you remember her from a few months ago
who started reading like a book about
like black poetry in the background of a
Donald Trump rally that was amazing and
probably the sweetest one the lady um
the muslim lady in the hijab who had
like who wore a shirt that said I I come
in peace and then was escorted out and
I'm just like well this is a lovely
atmosphere that Trump is cultivating
isn't it there's been a lot of
speculation about the people who are
voting Trump not least because the media
would like Oh nobody will actually vote
for him he's just popular in the polls
because you don't actually have to go to
a polling booth and vote um but he's
winning like everything so eggs on your
face media and this is where I want to
get real for a little bit because this
to be a certain kind of patronizing tone
when people talk about Donald Trump
supporters in saying that they are
stupid the Donald Trump phenomenon of
like populists anti-immigration rhetoric
maybe something like reasonably new in
u.s. politics but we've seen it
especially in my continent of Europe
quite a lot in Britain we have a party
called the UK Independence Party who are
quite anti-immigration and to Europe um
and very populists and loud and shouty
sometimes and sometimes quite scary
please don't hurt me you keep supporters
in the UK have quite often been
described by mainstream politicians and
media as stupid not really understanding
how the world works um and you know what
the the result of that has been the
result of that has been the UK par the
largest party that we sent to the
European Parliament they got over I
think 5 million votes in the last
election and they were forced to be
reckoned with and now we're having a
referendum on whether we're going to be
in the EU because of the populism of you
kit the worst thing you can do is call
those people stupid and call those
people uninformed babe perhaps not read
The Guardian or I don't know what the
u.s. equivalent is they probably haven't
watched MSNBC but they aren't stupid
what I'm going to say is probably quite
contentious but I think a lot of
mainstream politics and even fringe
politics as has left the white
working-class behind I mean like all any
any opinions that you have just aren't
aren't valid because you know you have
this privilege and you have these
opportunities and traditionally you have
had it pretty good especially in America
right because you know seg vacation was
a thing and and white people are used to
being not bottom of not bottom of the
heap which is a horrible way to think
about it but that's it probably exactly
what he's going through their minds
there was a fantastic article from Emma
Lindsey or medium that I shared on my
Facebook page last week and she very I
think she really accurately explains why
the white working-class vote is so
disenfranchised disenfranchised and why
Donald Trump is doing so incredibly well
let me read you a quote we must find
ways for the working class too
maintain its dignity we must find a way
for them to have jobs that are
satisfying to them we must find a way
for them to contribute to culture we
must find a way for them to feel heard
which by the way other exact same goals
we need to have for the press traces we
all need the same thing and until we
find a way to give it to more people we
will fight each other for it so these
these people that are voting for Trump
society isn't giving them anything yet
and I think that when we look at Donald
Trump voters and we're like oh my god
how could anybody do that it helps
nobody because it dehumanizes these
people that have very real feelings of
I'm finding it really hard to support my
family where is my American dream why
are there no more manufacturing jobs and
unless you try to understand and tackle
the issues that are important to them
not by pandering to like immigration
rhetoric and fear and all of the things
that Donald Trump is managing to pick up
votes through the longer you ignore them
the more likes more than somebody like
don'd Trump is going to do well so
basically USA as a representative of the
international community I'm telling you
to sort your out and start engaging
these people and and helping these
people you're probably going to disagree
with me on this what do you think of
this whole phenomenon do you think that
I'm perhaps being too kind to the Donald
Trump supporters if I'm if I am being
too kind then how can you win these
people over because these people in a
democracy have a vote whether you like
it or not how do we win them over into
not believing that the other is the
thing that they need to fear I think
that that's the essential thing right oh
my god I'm so wise I'm gonna run a straw
poll in this video can you let me know
in the little ! that you can see there
are do you think that Donald Trump is
going to be the nomination for the
Republican Party because it looks like
he probably is and that's going to be
quite interesting seeing him and
probably Hillary I know that a lot of
you probably feeling the burn but
probably see him wanna run off against
Hillary because emails yeah we can't
talk about the emails it's bad of course
feel free to be contentious with me in
the comments below this is a forum
discussion you are allowed to disagree
with my analyses if you enjoy talking
about politics and check out my podcast
which I will Clark every every time and
tell you until you listen to it you
bastard and until then I'll see you
later I have been rhyming with oranges
toodaloo now bye oh god I just sorry
whoops so ok guess good totally tickly
you
