oh my god so did you watch Kingsley on
the red carpet for the Brits getting
confused about the difference between a
cookie and a biscuit - it's cute so can
we talk about the EU and the fact that
Britain might not be a member in the
next four months because it's making me
stressed I have been stressing about the
fact that the UK is going to have a
referendum on its membership of the EU
for a while now not because I don't
think that we should have this
referendum I believe that the people of
the UK should be able to have a say as
to whether we remain as part of the EU
mainly because I'm I'm really sick of
Nigel Faraj having so much airtime
frankly but also because Scotland were
able to have their say about whether or
not they were going to continue being
part of an outdated institution so I
think that we should be able to do the
same with the EU la no what has stressed
me out is the fact that nobody on either
side of the argument
neither the pros nor the antes have any
interest in educating the public as to
the pros and cons of staying in the EU
both sides are equally guilty of
accusing the other side of scare
mongering about the future of the UK be
it in or out of the EU you can't both
accuse each other of scare mongering and
say that you're scare mongering isn't
scare mongering that's that's not how
how it works but politics allows this to
work why why do i persist in being
interested in this kind of stuff as a
person of relatively sound mind it's no
surprise that I want to stay in the
European Union just kidding I mean I'm
only throwing shade because actually the
out campaign terrifies me not least
because they have Boyce Johnson on the
side who despite looking like an adult
sized baby and doing little for London
beyond rebranding some bites and making
the most expensive bus in the world wins
elections like all of the time how does
he do it but also because that branding
is is it's it's spot-on to be honest
vexy is a great hashtag I'm ash tacking
brexit left right and centre and I want
to stay in but also one of the groups
that wants us to leave the EU it's
called grass roots go and that sounds
like something you'd say when you send
out your pok√©mon to battle like that's
your youth though right there also
somebody spent time and I miss
zooming money on this video at
grassroots go and it's it's glorious
it's a parody of three lines on a shirt
but with brexit themed lyrics it's
genius it deserves an Ivor Novello
it's got lyrics like we believe our flag
is red white and blue more than just the
star like guys I'm I'm sold I wanna vote
leave so this can become our National
Anthem
yeah and what we're talking about the
many out campaigns cuz none of them have
really come together and decided oh
you're gonna be the ones to be flying
the flag for us um can we talk about
this one from levy you this this image
that they posted first of all I hate to
be the guy that rabbits on about
diversity but it's really good to see
that the only people of any significance
on either side of the argument are white
straight men good job guys but also why
why is Boyce Johnson holding a brick is
it cuz he's gonna smash up Europe I'm
very confused about the brick someone
explained to me what the book is for at
least the out campaign gives me some
things to giggle about to be completely
Frank the thing that pisses me off most
about this whole shit storm is the fact
that David Cameron is a lying tosser
sorry David
David Cameron and his side of the media
have been feeding us the fact that he's
been negotiating really really hard on
he's been so tough and they've been
negotiating through the night without
rest apart from the fact that Angela
Merkel was able to leave the
negotiations to go out in Brussels for
some fruit cuz you know that shows how
hard it is aren't it's really hard but
the stuff that he's come back from
Brussels with are not huge sweeping
changes to the UK's relationship to the
EU and he's painting them as if they are
and that's what pisses me off is that
his campaign both of the campaigns are
based on on misinformation of people
right
what would have been great if I would
have supported this kind of referendum
if David Cameron and being like you know
what I'm gonna spend the next two years
or however many years educating the
British people as to why it's a really
good thing for us to stay in the EU and
loads of reasons for us to stay in the
EU that I won't go into now because
that's like a half hour on video but
he's chosen to whip up spin and fear and
misinformation and take that to the
British public in a referendum and that
pisses me off because that takes us for
fools and I would like to think that a
British public is smarter than that I'd
like to think that we're actually going
to you know people are going to go away
and do their research but then
everyone's really scared of immigrants
and I'm like if you would like to stay
informed I have some links below the
best guys at the moment for you to be
following a organisation called full
fact and they're basically data
crunching all of the claims from both
sides about the EU so hopefully you'll
be able to you know look past all of the
bullshit II spin because quite frankly I
don't want to listen to either side
right now and I'm very like I'm
reasonably open-minded I made a video
about why I would potentially vote for
you Kip last year like I'm very
open-minded I know that you guys have
been used to me doing LGBT stuff on this
channel I hope you don't mind me dipping
back into politics as the referendum
comes closer and closer he says as like
dozens of people unsubscribe but I would
love to hear your opinions on this non
UK people because I know there's a lot
of you what are your opinions of my
little islands identity crisis still
whether or not we're going to stay as
part of the largest trade bloc in the
world sexier words never have been
spoken on this channel they really
haven't trade bloc's mm-hmm and if you
do enjoy talking about politics then
check out my podcast we upload every
week and we talk about current events
social issues politics and all that
bollocks
it's great fun it's good to stick in
your ears there's sirens fuck off sirens
it's good to stick in your ears and
listen to for like 40 minutes to an hour
every week it's fun I think that's it
there's loads of links to my other
social media in the box below okay I
have been rhyming with oranges whose
lovely to see you again
toodaloo
we know ve use for the floors opened our
doors overruled many Lords we believe
our Flags red whites and they're more
than just a star only wanted trades gone
too far look look at your dog helping
with my SEO yes you're really helping
with my white balance as well I'm sure a
good doggie Bailey you are
I know stink
