greetings YouTube I'm Jazza lovely to
see you
I've had a beard trim and a haircut and
I'm a bloody fantastic rockin
psychoeducation
you did really well yeah excellent well
gonna be a social media superstar but
we're not here to talk about that today
I am going to do a video response to the
lovely Jack Howard because video
responses are dead and if I have learned
anything about being on YouTube for
eight years it's that you should ignore
what you tube wants you to do and just
go off and imagine as if it were 2005
again check out Jack's video here he
basically says in it that he doesn't
feel like he enjoys or likes anything
that's deemed popular on the site
anymore and frankly I felt like that
since about 2010 so let's talk about
that shall we
there is this great romanticism about
people who've been on YouTube for as
long as Jack and I but it used to be a
great democratic institution that the
best content used to rise to the top
which quite frankly is absolute bullshit
some of the most popular things in the
past have been things like two girls one
cup or videos with boobs in the
thumbnail but the reason that I started
and the reason that this platform is so
great
maybe not platform that this community
is so great that people can do whatever
the fuck they want
who cares what you've been assigned at
school what your art teacher says is
artistic or not who cares who says you
can cover this story or that you can't
create this thing if you have the time
and a little bit of money backing you up
then you can do whatever you want and
build it and at least some people even
if it's your mom and like your dog
watching some people will come and they
will watch it's there a problem with
popular youtubers and those who are at
the peak of the iceberg shall we call
this the peak do you'd like wonderful
visual representation here very proud of
myself the people at the peak are seen
as having reasonably low growl content
easy to produce
regularly uploaded it people seem to
watch it no matter how that is right and
then below that there are people who
have high production value but don't get
a huge number of hits and then people
who are like middle-of-the-road and then
the people who are filming with their
iPhones what has gotten on my nerves in
the past and what has irritated me and I
vocal about this before is the fact that
people see those who are the most
popular so for example the care size the
Zoe's the Alfie's the Joseph's it's set
to accept to etc they are seen as the
most popular and therefore as a
representative of the rest of the
content that is on YouTube and it can be
so hard to explain that this isn't the
case some of the most engaging and
exciting content is on YouTube but the
media gaze and the gaze of the majority
of people is not fixated on people like
idear channel and community channel and
people who are doing like interviews
making documentaries and all of that
kind of stuff and that can be as a
medium smaller sized creator that can be
really irritating because you know what
the only common ground that me and Zoe
have is the fact that we upload things
to the same site and that's it there's
there's no overlap in the kind of
content that we make at all and that's
fine and it's great that she is
accessible and and as good at her job
as she is but it can be frustrating that
she is seen as the epitome of what it's
like to be a youtuber and she isn't
there's millions of people uploading
stuff to the site every single day every
single hour every single minute and
unless you're making a certain kind of
content and that is content does
particularly well and that is constant
that gets a certain number of hits and
has a certain amount of watch time then
you are going to be ignored by YouTube
and by mainstream media as a whole but
there's someone as someone who's a bit
of an old hand at YouTube I've tried my
best to not give a shit
I love making videos for whoever is
going to watch them last week I put up a
long-form interview with the economic
correspondent for channel 4 news in the
UK no bitch makes honey and you know
what that is okay because I was proud of
the piece of journalism that I did in
that particular piece and I was so happy
that those who did watch it were like
this was really fucking interesting and
that is great so going back to Jack's
grievances the problem isn't that the
content that is engaging and smart and
artistic and funny it's not that that
content isn't there it's that our gaze
isn't fixated towards it and if those of
us who have a certain amount of power
and I'm including myself in this despite
not being the biggest creation on the
face of the planet those of us who have
a certain amount of power and influence
should be casting our gaze to those
people who are who we think are making
great content who cares about the size
of the audience but we think they're
making great content we should fucking
shout about it
because God knows YouTube isn't going to
shout about it for us if I go out to
YouTube there would be no smaller
youtubers panel or like VidCon and
someone in the city but you know what
those are the best parts of those huge
events and I'm really unapologetic for
that and I don't think I'm doing people
any favors by having a smaller youtubers
panel at something like some in the city
I think that we are just being
representative of the creators who are
out there and the majority and the
people who have made getting the
majority of the views on the site right
so as a viewer in the same vein as Jack
I also feel his grievances that the
stuff that people automatically think of
when they think youtuber doesn't tickle
my clickable but I also am very aware
that I love a load really great people
on this site and I'm in love with the
kind of stuff that they're making and
they are from their people who have
millions of subscribers and epi
who have like 12 and I am going to take
a leaf out of a couple of my friends
book and start shouting about those
creators my friend Lena Norm's who's
been on this channel many a time made a
video a couple of weeks ago about the 10
her 10 favorite creators you can have
under 10,000 subscribers I'm going to do
the same next week the reason it's going
up next week is because you're gonna
have to subscribe if you want to know
when it actually comes out and like
follow me on Twitter and all that but
also I'm going to India next week and so
that is going to be my pre-filmed filler
content I hope that's okay with you
questions for you how do you feel about
the representation of YouTube this is
something that we keep on coming back to
like all the time and do you have any
advice for Jack aside from my shouts
about the videos and the creators that
you love because frankly I worry that
people who are looking at YouTube now
and the average issue consumer is not
going to be overly inspired to make
something engage in create engaging in
and fantastically artistic and
fantastically creative it's old Oh
tea has been spilled and I want to make
sure the people are as inspired as I was
in 2007 when I started this channel
because I've genuinely thought that I
could do anything with it and I were
that people now just think that they can
do challenge videos and makeup tutorials
and I think that that is limiting for us
I'm gonna go now I've been fine with
oranges gently
