hello hello how are you I'm good get
excellent this is Paul Mason and my name
is jeiza hello Internet nice to see you
again Paul is economics editor for
Channel 4 News
but is also philippic in writing many
things in the form of books and also
articles in publications across the UK
he recently put out a documentary called
this is a clue which documents the rise
of syriza the left wing and to your
stereo tea party that came to power
recently in Greece particularly there's
a lot of stuff in that documentary that
expresses the Greek feeling of
frustration towards countries like
Germany and to the EU as a whole and I
would urge you to watch that you can see
it here and then perhaps come back and
listen to our conversation that we're
going to have about the documentary this
is again a long-term interview that I
did with him feel free to put on in the
background and have a listen to what we
have to say he's an incredibly
intelligent man and I had some great
chin-wagging
with him if you'd like to see more
politics and stuff like this because I
know I've ended up being a more of an
LGBT channel recently then let me know
in the comments below
shall we continue with the interview yes
we shall
on we go your documentary is amazing
like it's really well made
it has makes some amazing points and it
puts across a viewpoint within Greece
that I don't think many people are me on
this side of Europe really get to hear
very much um which is like super
important um there are some things that
seeing the way that the rest of the EU
is talked about that did raise some
concerns with me specifically some of
the language that is thrown about
understandably because people are very
frustrated
um there's certain people who refer to
Merkel is Hitler's descendant arm
angler is told to suck many people's
balls
and you yourself call it an economic war
yeah do you ever do you worry about the
tone of that language in terms of the
cohesiveness potential cohesiveness of
Europe as like a peaceful society but
what you have to realize is that I'm in
19 in the 1940s Germany invaded Greece
it killed 60,000 Jews
and 600,000 people died of starvation in
a country of maybe less than 10 million
there are people still alive who lived
through that who were told that their
pensions were no longer going to be paid
because Germany had insisted on a sort
to them remember in the intervening
period the left in Greece which is not
tiny as it is in Britain it's about 30
percent of the population you served
your military service in a snake pit
whereas a rich person serves their
military service in a cocktail bar you
are banned from academia you are banned
from the civil service this is two
generations of people they thought
they'd thrown all that off they thought
they had they joined Europe there were
an equal member of this club called
Europe and prosperity came it was a
disaster because their own elite ripped
off the country and that was therefore
that's the Greeks fault but presumably
to walk in and say ah and because of
that you have to starve again because
let's remember we're not talking about
here when I say starving as a kind of
metaphor I mean starving yeah I mean
people had their electricity switched
off because they didn't pay their taxes
so 200,000 people were without
electricity I only have to record what
reality not make it not I have an
opinion on it
but the reality is you'll find many many
working-class people in Greece and
especially old people very unembarrassed
about drawing the parallel between what
the Nazis did to Greece and what Germany
has done this year do you ever worry
about that though so I kind of
understand what's to worry about I
because it because I think that if
somebody here were to start talking
about Germany as Nazis again no it's I'm
calling Angela Merkel the second coming
of Hitler yeah I think that we would
probably have an outrage response to
that and it clearly so clearly and
clearly Merkel is not the second coming
of know of course and just not much but
as a health Europe is not a fourth reich
and etc etc but there is an issue there
is an issue for those of us who study
German history as I have that goes
beyond Hitler and the Nazis about
Germany's repeated ability in history to
be obsessed with rules to the exclusion
of human outcomes this is something that
very respectable historians not crazy
people on the street shouting but very
respectable historians have observed
about German society and there's a
debate about it but I think when I saw
Greek people get really really angry
with with Germany um I understood why
because do you think it's justified the
blood I think well I think Europe not
just Germany Northern Europe and
Lithuania Estonia um the Netherlands and
these were countries that insisted on
basically smashing Greek democracy I
think that's what's happened let's make
no bones about it people in Greece voted
for a Europe imposed B or Z you know so
look I am worried about the cohesion of
Europe I'm really worried about
nationalistic sentiment that says you're
descended from Hitler you're a bunch of
lazy people agrees are really worried
about that we should not we should not
encourage it but as a journalist what
you can't do is you can't turn your lens
away from it you can't say oh i evil
news were better let's let's just
interview some nice people
mm-hm and also if something is
representative you're there's a woman in
the documentary who says I fought at the
age of 17 in the Civil War she's clearly
in her 80s and now she to me doesn't
have an equal right with some kind of
calm a young person in a primal outfit
yeah she has a bigger right to be heard
because she did fight in a civil war in
her own country and probably her her
friends was fighting the Nazis
they have a right to be heard the indeed
Nardo movement in the 2011 was inspired
actually by the writings of anti-fascist
resistors from Second World War we must
remember what goes wrong when one
country decides it can dictate to
another we must remember there was a
really interesting exchange between two
subjects of the documentary as well an
older man probably in his 40s or 50 in
his 50s or 60s actually I'm talking with
what we would describe as Millennials I
hate that word for several reasons um
but he was saying I've worked hard my
whole life and that goes along with what
you've been saying is Greeks aren't lazy
people they've clearly they they work
long hours and they have paid into the
society and they expect something back
when they are preparing
the diamond but there's also kind of
like this man in that moment rather than
turning on the Germans is turning on the
Millennials who he thinks are scrounging
and who are lazy how can is is though
possible way and is there a future
perhaps in Europe where we don't blame
the other because I feel like here we
tend we have a strong arm right in terms
of you Kip arm who are very happy to
blame everything on immigrants so errors
over there it seems to be everything is
the fault of Germany where's the
responsibility to be fair the first
thing they'll say is everything's a
response of that everything's the first
thing they'll say is that everything is
the fault of their own corrupt rich
elite that's the first thing that Greeks
will say and they try to fight that rich
elite and it turned out that Germany and
northern Europe not just Germany
intervene on the side of that rich elite
so I don't think there is an
authorization but you have to bear in
mind we can't make the world simple and
nice although we would like it to be
simpler nice this is Irish this is a
country that had a civil war and who's
losing side the Left were punished for
it for two generations and what they're
supposed to do forget that um no they
won't forget it and in other words for
them the the biggest other in Greece for
both sides is other Greeks and it is
literally the right wing tradition and
the left wing tradition and what it
suited to people watching the
documentary especially young people who
would love it if everybody was calm and
rational and humane is that these crisis
situations actually do bring out this
horrible arm side of humanity well it's
not it's a horrible side but ultimately
when you if you have to if you have to
fight you have to win yeah you want to
win and what happened the real danger in
Greek society that's evidenced by this
documentary is that under pressure
Greeks started to fight each other who
hadn't really found it very very then
been very antagonistic before and I'm
talking about the middle class and the
left we're really facing each other on
the streets at a point where both sides
I think we understood shit this could go
too far yeah so yes the documentary
shows that but
I'll just repeat you cannot turn your
lens away from reality if reality is a
bunch of people very hungry against
Germany that's reality to me so that's I
think that that's interesting because
some a part that we have seen in the
documentary shows the result of a Greek
what was it called it was a Greek kind
of a committee that said that the debt
that was imposed on Greece was unlawful
and odious an order and and it should
probably point be pointed out that was a
committee chaired by a sitter so they
clearly have an agenda there how can you
and I'm not necessarily asking you to
justify this umm but how can citizen the
people who vote for syriza justify the
evasion of that debt to somebody who is
just a normal citizen not a politician
in Brussels but a normal citizen in
Finland or Germany that is going to end
up having to pay this money back on
behalf of the Greeks so that you have to
rewind and you have to look at when
Greece was given the money it's
something in excess of 300 billion euros
yeah to bail them out to stop them going
bankrupt 89% of that money was recycled
straight back to save the banks of
France Germany the Netherlands some
British banks were saved by that bailout
if the it was so bad that the people in
charge had let the Greek economy become
so indebted that if it had blown up it
would have taken down the banking system
of northern Europe no in other words the
bailer was to save our banks not to save
Greece eleven percent of the money went
to save Greece and the price of it was
to do what to destroy their economy so
the first thing to say is that is that
we all benefited from the Greek bailout
and the Greeks didn't I think that's the
first thing I would say to anybody who
says ah well why should we care we there
are banks still open in Germany
Netherlands Austria today that would be
short and people would lose their
savings if we hadn't bailed out Greeks
but ultimately the debt of Greece and
many other countries is just unpayable I
just think we need to get real and
understand
when your debt is 200 percentage of GDP
which is what Greece is headed for right
now that is not payable so somebody's
going to have to suffer the people who
lent it will suffer how do you justify
that to the person who suffers then
because the alternative is somebody else
suffers and I think so what makes a
Greek person's life I don't know it's
not a see everybody in economics will
say everybody in economics will say it
would be better if the Greek economy
recovered okay because look it's all
been very benign now that maybe half a
million Syrians and Afghans come through
Greece they go to Macedonia by okay if
you could you can imagine a very nasty
outcome to that you can imagine Greek
society collapsing you can imagine
Europe's border with Asia collapsing
nothing that nobody in Germany is going
to like that nobody nobody in Britain
will like that if it happens if Greece
were to go fascist you wouldn't like
that if Greece were to have a military
coup that's happened in the 70s we
wouldn't like that so it's about
realpolitik it's about being pragmatic
about when debt is unpayable you can't
go on pretending it's payable you have
to you have to put right the problem no
who's who would lose money the state who
would lose money the German state the
French take the Netherlands state yeah
that's who would really lose money can
they take a hit we know the German state
can take a hit because it just
voluntarily asked nine hundred thousand
Syrians to come and live in Germany yeah
so when it when it wants to a strong
state like Germany can do anything it
wants especially when its debt write-off
debt write-offs a to a penny you know
most of the what we call developing
countries third-world countries had
their debt substantially written off mmm
the 99 is that not just proportionately
proportionately because their economies
are much smaller they or Greek economy
small justice but they're huge but then
we do like everybody freaks out about it
and there's loads of stuff on the
internet that shows how actually
relatively small the Greek economy is
but it's because of the link of the Euro
that makes everybody freak the hell out
and it is like Wall Street and the
footsie who are the people that freaked
out about it and then make it into like
a
into a huge cadet most people on Wall
Street won the Greek debt to be
restructured it's not written off but
it's basically say look I owe it's like
if I owe you if I owe you 100 pies I say
I can't pay it you got two choices
you can make me bankrupt in which case
I'm gonna pay you nothing or you all let
me pay you 60 you're gonna that's what
people on Wall Street do that's what
people in the City of London do all the
time and they say well next time you
borrow it's going to cost you more so
don't be borrowing again very very soon
but yeah we can probably do a deal this
is how finance actually works so it's
not in this case it is not Wall Street
that insisted on this it is the German
French and Netherlands political elites
that didn't want to lose face and over
the money that they'd lent to Greece to
lend back to their own banks and I think
you know we we must be realistic about
country finance some countries have
debts so big that it would tank the
world let alone the country in Japan
yeah America has a debt well is it no 17
trillion dollar debt anybody thinks
that's ever going to be repaying is just
fantasizing so the people nobody's
talking about writing off the US is
there are they ah well you say that but
exactly some of the members of Congress
who are the most bullish about this do
in fact argue there's plenty of ways you
can write them you can you can make your
own currency deplete that deplete
against another currency there's lots of
tactics you can do to make your debt
smaller and somebody else have the
problem um I think we're in a century
where debt is gonna there's going to be
a moment people will live through it
maybe it's not gonna mean next ten years
when a lot of these debts will be
written off because we'll all we know
from history is that there were massive
debts at the end of World War two and
through inflation and write-offs and
defaults when you won't pay that you
they got whittled down to about 30% of
world GDP from a hundred that's what
happened if we illuminate the equivalent
the end of World War two though we are
at the end of the word equivalent of
World War two in debt terms without
having a war with the debts of World War
two were run up by war man can build
Spitfires yeah we've run up as a world
debt
equivalent to that just by having a
financial crisis and yeah they're going
to have to be everybody sensible knows
there's got to be some restructuring of
the global debt Greece just got the
sticky end of the lollipop so that's a
technical financial term because it was
it happened to have the wrong kind of
government who everybody hated and that
was a government that for once was not
corrupt and that represented ordinary
people and that was too much for the
Europeans I want to throw something away
in accusing slightly their God the fact
that uh you have very clear bad guys in
the in the documentary um in terms of
like the EU and Germany are not bad guys
but they're people who don't ever appear
funnily enough oh yeah interview them
yeah um but basically they're I think
that there's an interesting there's
another side to this coin that kind of
doesn't accuse but also shines light on
the fact that Greece has quite a dodgy
culture when it comes to like taxation
but I'm like before them is very dodgy
um so how much of that does fall on so
something like thirty billion pounds of
euros a year is avoided in tax English
yes how much of that is how much of this
is of this are kind of phenomenon income
terms of the Greek debt is actually
their fault and how much do they need to
sort out their own backyard what they
massively need to sort out their own
backyard and what you can't accuse
series of is avoiding that they came to
power saying we will take down the
oligarchy we will tax them we will rule
force contracts to be awarded legally
and rather than somebody's brothers got
a building firm yeah we're going to do
all of that they weren't the only party
there are other parties in Greece that
said they were going to do that um they
didn't get the chance to do it so yes I
think you have to realize that there's
not just a quite dodgy culture there
isn't partially and profound ly corrupt
culture in Greece it just so happens
that as long as their friends were in
power the Europeans didn't care about it
even the part you know they'll invite
these guys to dinner and it to Davos to
the World Economic Forum anything you
want to go to as long as you're playing
the game
when you're not playing the game doesn't
matter whether you're corrupt or honest
that's when you run into it and this is
why to me that the interesting thing is
no matter how pernicious we see Greek
corruption ours and Greek tax evasion
not just avoidance by the elite it is
but you always come back down to the
fact that it didn't seem to bother
Europe when there was a right-wing
government whose only when there was a
left-wing government committed to
fighting oligarchy and corruption that
the Europeans tried to stop it if the
difference not the crisis though rather
than the change of government I think
the change of government really did
scare Europe it's scared Europe because
the first time you had a party that was
clean hands young people clearly
connected to the people who didn't want
to pay back the debt that we totally so
didn't want to pay that debit what it on
the rest of Europe again that would
scare them up and they had popular
support
so tsipras says in the documentary they
did what they did to me to stop it
happening in Spain to ha stop it
happening in Portugal and stop it
happening ever in Britain if it really
got a left-wing government I think that
is a plausible scenario I don't think
all the Europeans thought the same way
though because as we were covering it we
syriza were convinced we the journalists
who covered it were convinced that the
Obama along the private of the President
of France
Renzi the Prime Minister of Italy were
saying all the time it'll all be fine
we'll sort it out in the end they had no
power when the most powerful country in
Europe Germany said no we're not going
to sorted out we want to defeat you and
they did defeat them and as we've
discussed the big cultural problem all
they're in is it wasn't France and it
wasn't America who invaded Greece in
World War 2 it was Germany and there are
people still alive who have nightmares
about that mm-hmm
um and to them it seemed very ironic um
I know that you would have to go I would
love to if I'm gonna add like do I'd
love to ask you one more from excellent
so we
we've seen in we've seen in the nose
yeah there's a distinct difference arm I
feel in the north of Europe and in the
south of Europe in terms of where people
seem to be turning for an answer post
crisis so the southern state we see a
rise of weather most in Spain we've got
series o empower in Greece and then in
the north we see the National Front
having their biggest turnout in a in the
regional elections in France we have
armed fascist groups in the Netherlands
and we have you kept rising in the UK a
pouf ins look completely like whoom what
what's happening in terms of like the
difference here because the north is
very much turning to the right and to
those kinds of economic answers and the
left is turning and the South is turning
to the left and I think that might be a
too simplistic I think it might be too
simplistic gone this way no because
because southern Europe has a lot of
right-wing people in it and it just so
happens that southern Europe has been
are suffered disproportionately from the
austerity that the whole of Europe has
imposed on itself and I think the
eurozone has become a job the eurozone
has become a machine for creating jobs a
little bit in Germany and destroying
them in poor in Portugal Italy Greece
and Spain so people are going to look to
the extremes of politics and I think we
can't as journalists just sit there
saying how terrible because otherwise
that means the world as it is epic as
journalist you've gotta undertake why
are they why are they doing it and what
is the what is the outcome
though the outcome in Greece was they
turned to the left and that government
was smashed we don't know what the next
thing is going to be the one set of
people who are really really strongly
still opposing austerity are the
fascists they held up the okey posters
in Iran everybody else walked out we
don't know where Greece goes in north
Europe I think it's too simplistic to
say that the north european people are
moving to the right in in actual fact
most of these they're not fascist but
you know for right-wing conservative
nationalism see
two pink round about 25% and it seems to
draw a lot of support from working-class
people who've lost their jobs but who
aren't yet service like they're not
they're not the world they are not the
whole world in the Salaria the centrist
Salaria is very strong the youth in
general and not going in that direction
so I don't think North Europe fascist so
if Europe Commons is a thing I think
it's far more complicated and there's
many many more years to play out because
centrist politics is resilient look at
Germany look at France centrist politics
is the majority because people can
negotiate their way around austerity as
long as it's not severe
the severe austerity in Greece is you
know 25 percent fall in GDP versus 4
percent fall in Ireland they're
virtually identical in terms of the
problems they have yeah what was imposed
on them was just I would argue
disproportionate for Greece and the
results were utterly I mean when Harper
young people are out of work what do you
think happens to hope what do you think
happens to centrist politics it just
evaporates amazing run cool thank you so
much for by
you
