oh yeah I should probably agree she's on
my jet before I'm just going to ask you
some questions okay and don't be scared
forget because I'm terrifying and really
intimidating because I'm the David Frost
of YouTube this is Ronan West and my
name is jeiza hello i sat down with
Rowland to talk about the fact that he
has recently come out as gender-fluid I
wanted to have a conversation with him
about what it was like to be
gender-fluid how he came to that
decision to identify himself as such and
what it was kind of like in his shoes
quite literally because at the end of
this video I try on heels
this video has very much long-form so
it'd be good to kind of put this on in
the background and have a little listen
to what we have a talk about it's very
similar to a series of videos that my
friend Lena and Long's has been doing on
her channel kiss my frog where she does
deep meaningful chaps with Lena and
she's talked to many people including me
about what it's like to be a certain
kind of human so once you've watched
this video go and check her out let's
continue with the discussion I had with
Roland shall we
very good you came out as gender-fluid
yep like was it just before Christmas
yeah um what does that mean specifically
to you because that's going to mean a
lot of different yeah this is very
unlike complexed basically I don't
always feel one gender in specific so I
float between male in the gender queer
non-binary and I sort of float between
them like sometimes I just want to be
able open sometimes I sort of just like
look like that yeah
like and then other days I just wake up
and like but if you like anything today
like it's a weak feeling because I never
knew what to call it and I never really
had some sort of definition of what it
was for myself because I was confused by
the from yeah and so wait won't you just
have that it's just sort of changes like
sometimes that like I want to be all
girly today yeah it's like I did summer
what is it that what is it something
that you identified like really early
honest is something that you always kind
of I've definitely pushed it away for a
long time because because I was so
confused and I was always back in the
back waves livid Evan I was here like
it's very sort of charitable like man
does this a female doesn't see one of
these so for me it was sort of like I
was kind of like oh does this mean I
want to be this or is it just an
expression is it my expression trying to
come out whatever kind of like because I
know that you talked about on being
quite scared what was it that you scared
about like experimenting with your
gender so you talked about like when you
first like bought your own hair pills
and like it's like oh yeah what were you
specifically or have you had a chance to
think about what it was that you were
scared about my before you actually like
embraced that kind of generally
especially yeah well the thing for me it
was it was funny it's funny to think
because I am such a confident person in
who I am it's not like you know what
sells out for Gabe so from Tom it was
all I was happy with first over that was
so long like I was always very confident
person
and you kind of hate I hate the fact
that I want to say this but a lot of it
was for me as I thought I'd be less
attractive to people or less desirable
to like another part because like I
don't know what a partner would think
because I'm working quite eccentric
anyway yeah you know if I start going up
that way no more makeup and doing heel
stuff might be less desired what and
that's like I had to kind of got like
actually I don't really care about that
anymore is it now something that you've
kind of shelved and thought well if
somebody doesn't like mean hills then
they're probably gonna not like me 24/7
yeah
and that's like partly um was it just my
desirability of others or was it kind of
persecution and
it was definitely like just even again
again a big thing I definitely have good
thing about me but there's that like
there was the gay thing being flamboyant
and then there was dressing like my
androgynous for me all again and going
on public as well and just seeing
comments reaction to you but yeah I
remember the first time I went out I
tried to ignore the one but like I said
whenever I came home did people look and
stuff but like yeah yeah there's people
saying all the time and kids are like
what's this like so you've got you come
across in terms of like the way you
present yourself is very like extreme
already you know the piercing and you've
got like dry contact lenses each they're
kind of like a difference between the
kind of can I call it body modification
yeah yeah the kind of body mods that you
do and then when you kind of wear a high
heel or something or when you go out and
full makeup is there a difference
between you experimenting with your body
in general and you experimenting with
just kind of like your gender well yeah
because I think the reason I did about
gender fluid is because that smaller
feeling inside and this is sort of how I
show the feeling I have inside but
obvious to a lot of people just getting
piercings like some expression but you
feel get instead do you feel like people
notice that's particularly thing about
you hmm
because okay I sort of because I was
already used to be looking me about
piercings because I've said to you yeah
yeah baby
like I know stiffens but I'm out and
like more like yeah I do like it
definitely is a different feeling
because it's like wow yeah he's not just
someone who likes to accentuate I think
a lot people get really confused as well
because because I look like a man I
can't change that unless I have surgery
like like we're just not gonna do that
I almost look like a man so I it's
really difficult for me to sort of show
outside how I feel inside because I do
look like a madman people always think
to be in like a non sis feeling or
anything you have to look at George know
so you have to look here a mix and stuff
but that's not all that like that's not
everything is Who I am I can't help the
fact that
like a man so a lot of the time again
maybe this goes back to feeling other
people I found it difficult because it
was like people won't take me seriously
or won't believe me because I lose me
the comments on my video when it first
came out people like are new just sit on
you just this are you sure you're right
that's like icon yeah it's like I've
thought about this quite a lot like um
and I've decided to make a video and
make it for one of you guys I've
probably thought about this a bit more
than you have yeah exactly like it again
so I think that is probably why I feel
so maybe it's not even never look at me
because of that maybe it's just because
I'm feeling most of like anxious when I
go out now I noticed it more and that's
obviously how it is isn't it early
because then look at me because I'm in
heels or because I've got makeup on or
anything I think
I'm just noticing it more now pretty
much all it is so what do you think is
the biggest like misconception that
people have had when you came out as
gender-fluid what is it that people have
kind of like been like oh that means
that blah blah blah and they've been
wrong what's the biggest thing for you
so I think it's just because people
don't understand anything like
everything but they don't gender
fluidity is so much more complex than
just being genderqueer or like I'm
obviously just because people don't
understand that I'm not one thing all
the time
mm-hm and so when when I come out people
and tell them that I don't identify a
state that I post your this or this it's
like no actually I'm this this and this
I know and so people don't like the fact
that things change and it like people
just like to think I was dissing is
enough they love the way I do with a
pigeon yeah thank yous like they all
like your thing
yeah and luckily that works for majority
of the population yeah being cysts being
straight via like it.why or whatever
those pigeon holes works really well but
then some people like you wake up in the
morning in there like yeah so I'm always
kind of jealous
now I feel like dressing like an old
fisherman again it can be fun and I'm
still relatively new in this world of
being able to excuse myself the way I
want to you so um yeah I think people
just don't like the fact that it's
confusing and they don't understand feed
but which is fine I don't mind if you
like P you can be confusing
yeah me fine but then don't disregard my
feelings and say you're not this because
I don't
I'd like agree with your idea what this
is yeah again it was a gender fluidity
means so many defective or based if
people yeah like just because you think
this way does not mean the other
person's wrong like well how has kind of
like the public reacted or people
outside of YouTube because we're really
lucky in our little corner of the
internet of how generally accepting the
YouTube community is of people who are
non-binary incest et cetera et cetera
how has kind of like the wider world
kind of approach that and reacted to you
coming out in this way the funny thing
is I never I've never told any of my
family that was the only way a lot of
bound out issue that video and I think
my all they reacted if you don't want me
my sister's my sister's been my biggest
cheerleader my entire life I came out
usually like she's always been there for
me so I've been very lucky to have that
and for me having that back then really
helped me be Who I am now so my sisters
would like yeah like for Christmas she
ought to do a game white Christmas just
giving me everything with rainbow down
so I'm the most mother family like
that's fine with it but I just don't
think we get it my name is this thing
I'm gonna just being crazy again yeah
like none of the other people will you
understand although not there's not
nothing negative nothing negative is
there something is fair like just a lack
of understanding of the word because
it's not something that is in day-to-day
usage yeah like our language it's just
it's just it's just the sort of like to
dress feminine like that they don't
agree like that it's actually so I feel
like I don't think
they've connected their feeling of I'm
not sick again it's one of those things
that's really hard to experience pain or
to really get out there I don't feel
like a man all the time I mean
regardless of how I look how I dressed
about ever I like I try to express like
I tried to show a bit more when I'm in
certain modes whatever yeah but like
it's just something inside of me that
just says you're not always this you're
not always that like this it's just it's
really confusing but it's definitely
feeding him there must be complete if so
how many I'm sure that there isn't like
a concrete answer to this but how many
kind of other identities did you kind of
try with because you have this feeling
inside and there's kind of like a
selection of things that you could
possibly be yeah did you try any of the
other options on for size well I I
always thought maybe I was genderqueer
to start with because obviously it's got
like a mix between male and female I was
to blend but then I take myself well I
don't always feel like I again that's
why I've started off but I don't always
throw that against I love the new way
coming back yeah like oh yeah funny
things but not looking back when I was a
child now things make more sense because
when I was a kid I always wanted to be a
girl but no no I didn't want to
transition into a girl because I'm Sam
that was but I always like to wear my
sister's clothes always maybe member me
for like yeah I was like girls bet the
boys that always be like the girl I spy
oh yeah and there's one word which Spice
Girl I was baby like thinking about when
I grew up that was sort of just harmless
fun like I was just a gay boy you're
actually looking back at it now and
accepting this part of me I think that
was just a really early representation
something that maybe was inside me that
I didn't really explore that much
because when you get older and you go to
school it's like boys here belt here
yeah everything separated like so do you
think that people kind of putting you up
there's like an example of somebody who
is like become
an exam yeah is that like something that
you're willing to tie and you mentioned
in your videos yeah yeah I I'm more than
happy to take that sort of like a
gender-fluid yeah representation people
because I I don't know that many
gender-fluid here on YouTube than the
queer on him and one on body but I
haven't really seen that major deferred
people but they should look probably
more anyway but I'm more than happy for
people to look up being hopefully I can
help some people accept that you don't
have to look like this to identify as
this you know just because I forget just
cuz I don't like man doesn't mean I have
to yeah I'd advise this male and so I
hate there's like you're gonna hate
there's this sort of feeding of if you
if you're not Stace you have to look a
mix you have a new look this or people
won't take you seriously so I want to
show people that you don't have to be
that you can listen look however you
want but you don't have to identify it
with what society says you look like
yeah it makes me sense so so how much of
it is because I feel like talking to you
there is like this conflicts between
like appearance and what you look like
and what you're feeling inside and is
that kind of like difference between the
external feeling in the act and the
internal feeling is that why gender
fluid is probably the best label for you
in your opinion yeah because I mean
people get so people doing a confusion
of gender expression and gender identity
and I use my gender expression to help
my gender identity because people don't
understand I got it so when my first
video I made what I probably should have
like words better in it because I did
just talk by expression I should have
said in the video that I use this
expression to show my feeds of psyche
has no other way of me really showing
you how I feel meant to some people
though who their gender expression like
a lot of girls will wear that must make
it was a mix available would like
womanly and men obviously like to go to
the gym and stuff because it makes it
feel more like a man yeah and some
people that's just expression but just
other people that is how they show them
that is how they're feeling inside they
had to feel like or who yeah
during gender explain what your angle
very well very intimate job but like
that is that is the only way again that
anywhere I can let it come out and so to
some people yes that general expression
gender identity a creature with things
but other people that's how they express
their actual gender in his oh it's a
being inside and how else am I supposed
to get it out um if there are any young
people kind of because you said you're
very happy being of our models yeah if
there are any young people who are kind
of feeling this confusion between how
that healing side and how they're
expressing themselves externally do you
have any advice for them just do it just
do whatever you want to do like the way
of thing is like the gender is so like
generous surgeries and Jones
so spectrum ish like if you don't if you
if you're confused if you're not
understanding how you've been inside
just roll with that and just literally
go out there and experiment as much as
you possibly want because the only way
you'll figure it out is until you
experiment and do actually explore these
other options because if you sit there -
button to skip to like like overs for
such a long time
yeah like you'll never know like you
will never know how you probably want to
be or who you identify with or what you
identify eyes and so just go out and
explore and it's so much fun like
slowing agenda is so fun like I never
thought it was this fun gesture so even
like I want to make was ugly like this
awareness and doing it like it's so nice
so much fun not to fit into one box you
know what is very different um for me
obviously because I'm a syst man and I
look like a man but I felt almost
exactly the same way with that you know
what I'm gonna get a fucking top knot
yeah and you know what I'm gonna grow a
bit and see what happens and there's an
exciting lineup like now and I think
that that kind of message of this is
where we turn to the camera and address
the audience
being able to express yourself in
whatever way you want and like to be
excited with different now isn't that
cool like do that that's fun a moment
that happens through like performance or
whether that happens behind closed doors
yeah or whether that happens like with
your mates and think it is the best way
to discover who you want to be
don't don't sit there and just think I
can't just because society thinks that
yeah do it like that it's the worst way
to do it because you'll just you'll
you'll just be an unhappy person yeah
and also it's okay to not be into
experimenting with your gender people
try and put makeup on me all the time
I'm just not into it as long as you're
happy like if you're happy with you know
as you said no experimenting actually
like being this man I think that that's
perfectly yeah yeah and if you identify
that is perfectly fine but like if you
are wanting to experiment just do it
screw what people think about you like
really it's not worth it really not
worth in not worth of whatsoever do you
wanna go and check it out in his channel
he does loads of really interesting
stuff thank you entertaining and shit
I'm really terrible at Lloyd end cards
to this channel because I'm amazing
and I loved Adler nice of me on I really
wanted to like talk to you about it and
we cater for a long time
and if I get a haven't liked for ages
yeah I know it's because I love a
chinwag it's great right let's turn this
how are you - chin wag oh yeah
you
you
jazz is trying on my heels can't be a
stutter you can do it come on you could
do oh yeah mama yeah run down the
hallway good you do it seems not that
bad it's hard to stop there once you
start running that's right strut strut
yes Beyonce oh yeah we open it with
appeared you can that's new you think
Beyonce me yeah there we go perfect oh
my god this is amazing
I don't want to take him up don't
