hello YouTube jaws are here so I haven't
talked about another blogger for a while
because since I made that video about
thatcherjoe I feel like I've been hunted
for the war crime of hurting mr. Suggs
feelings so understandably I haven't
really touched another youtuber for a
while mm-hmm not like that so when
YouTube favourite jason derulo
impersonator jacquemart made some
questionable comments about coming out
videos on twitter i felt like i needed
to respond you know as the bearded top
knotted queer sis white privilege social
justice wire from the UK vlogs it's a
specific niche but I feel like I'm
occupying it quite well of an evening
jack had clearly been musing and as the
internet this why do coming out videos
have to be so deep sad and grayscale
none of us are bothered be who you want
no big deal mr. mate also continued with
the following coming out on YouTube must
be hard and it's a brave thing to do but
monetizing the video and using a fully
capitalize title takes the shine off so
I'm gonna do my best to not one of these
tweets completely out of the park and
kick the other one a little further down
the road does that sound good then shall
we why do coming up videos have to be so
deep sad and grayscale none of us are
bothered right I would love it if I
could announce my sexuality with
streamers and a vuvuzela every single
time I came out and it is every time
people seem to forget they're coming out
isn't just a one-time thing and then get
done like I don't know smallpox I have
to announce my sexuality in some way
shape or form every time I enter a new
workplace every time I meet somebody for
the first time and every time I have
that conversation there's the risk that
I've stumbled across a homophobe who at
worst wants to lynch me and at best
wants to try and convince me that I can
be saved to which the only appropriate
responses Jesus was a bearded man in his
30s who wore dresses and has apps for
days totally one of us so for gay people
or for anybody who is queer it's very
very possible to be able to take that
conversation lightheartedly there's
always a chance that that person is not
an ally which probably explains the grey
the sad and the deep Jack it's great
that you think that being gay is not a
big deal but I feel different in society
every single day because of my sexuality
and God knows it's getting better
oranges and Novak is most glorious thing
to
grace our screens but I still get abuse
every single time I hope my boyfriend's
hand in public where we've been verbally
abused kicked and had stuff thrown at us
being gay is still in a wider context a
big deal what's more LGBT people are
seven times more likely to partake in
substance abuse four times more likely
to attempt suicide and LGBT kids make up
twenty-five percent of the UK's homeless
youth that's not even touching on the
countries around the world with a law
isn't on our side there's ten nations
where I can still get killed for
enjoying buggery probably a little more
than I probably should now when Jack
mentioned that monetizing a coming out
video took the shine off I lowered my
keyboard warrior blade and thought hmm
I've been really really vocal in the
past about people who are not queer
using coming out videos and queer
baiting to get views they shouldn't do
it no no no no no there is of course the
argument that queer people should be
able to monetize something that we
previously would have possibly been shot
in jail for that's something quite
empowering about that and like it it's
also doubtless the coming out videos
have helped young queer kids by showing
their LGBT folks come in all shapes and
sizes and that it does get better we've
taken our representation into our own
hands which is awesome however when you
hear about creators not choosing to come
out until they hit a certain level of
subscribers for maximum impact when you
see people cock-teasing confirmation of
their sexuality over several videos it
just leaves a bad taste in one's mouth
to summarize do I have a problem with
lgbtq+ people making money out of coming
out videos no do I approve Jack that if
you choose to approach it in a
money-making way it takes the shine off
yeah probably as always I want you guys
involved in the discussion what do you
think about the monetization of coming
out videos go downstairs leave a comment
I read every single one and we can have
some gray scale deep sad discussions if
need be I'm not going to get sick of
doing the gray scale thing oh it's so
much fun go check
he'll Jack for being my problematic wave
and also for being cool about me using
him as a springboard into this
discussion we call Jack we cool and of
course like this video and subscribe
please subscribe please and follow me on
Twitter please I have been roaming with
oranges Julie
