hello Internet jaws are here so a couple
of years ago I made a video predicting
all of the things that would go up in
the following year and go down in the
following year I have wanted to do this
again for a while so I'm deciding to do
it for 2016 does that sound good
excellent so join me on a little foray
into the predictions of what's going to
be hot and what's going to be not in the
world of 2016 good good going up ray
from the star wars franchise some of you
may be slightly confused by this because
I recently made a video entitled I hated
Star Wars which you can watch here for a
full body Durant and I'll be honest the
only reason I see ray going up in the
year 2016 is because frankly we've
started from a very low base beans & S
has helpfully pointed out that she's
missing from quite a lot of Star Wars
merchandising with the hashtag where's
ray joining her fellow sci-fi lady
people such as Black Widow and Gomorrah
she's also been branded as a mary-sue
character which Wikipedia hopefully
describes this a young or low ranked
person who saves the day from
extraordinary abilities which is
definitely something that we've never
seen in the sci-fi genre before so for a
the only way is up and I for one can't
wait to start my gender bending college
playoff I've already got the top lot and
everything and I'm going to look so cool
going down top not some bids I have now
jumped onto both of these trends several
years after their peak their demise is
imminent and inevitable r.i.p I've come
to the conclusion that i'm always going
to be hanging around in this golden
would be internet that I've curated I'm
kind of like that black mold in your
utility room I'll always be here no
matter how many times you try and spray
it with bleach I'm not in it for the
money but YouTube red is if not eating
into everybody's earnings confusing the
hell out of vloggers views are dwindling
vans deals a few and far between book
deals are leaving a bitter taste in
everybody's mouth and there's this
inexplicable hate for video sponsored by
audible I don't really understand that
without an ID established audience is
getting harder and harder to do
something like YouTube full time it
doesn't pay the bills on its own which
means that the market is being opened up
to other platforms potentially if they
pay well so where are they going to go I
have a company that
of lace hook is currently looking at the
possibility of monetizing video perhaps
their full disclosure I work for
facebook oh no coincidence going up
brexit many speculate that in 2016 the
UK is going to have an independence
referendum mr. whether or not it's going
to stay in the EU much in the same thing
as the scottish independence vote in
2014 this is going to get me to question
the very core of my identity and cry
with frustration at every single person
who disagrees with me in case for some
strange reason you don't follow me on
twitter at jazz edge on shameless blog i
would very much like to stay please but
frankly i don't trust the boring as far
campaign to remain with the future of my
country so my sleepless nights are
currently spent trying to calculate the
fastest and easiest way of becoming
swedish just in case of a brexit which
will also have be lovely added bonus of
being really good in the eurovision song
contest in that vein going down the UK
in the eurovision after the storm
of electro velvet representing the UK in
vienna i wrote a sternly worded letter
to the head of British delegation to the
Eurovision suggesting that we have the
UK ukuleles Dodie Clark represented in
2016 he has chosen to ignore me I
therefore predict that we will do
going up Hillary forget Trump or Cruz or
Rubio or Bernie or Bush Hillary will win
the presidency she will win by a country
mile called it we've seen many versions
of Trump already throughout Europe in
the UK we call him Farage in France they
call her lepen Trump is the u.s. is own
flavor of anti-immigrant
anti-establishment rhetoric and it was
only a matter of time before the white
working-class found somebody who would
actually fight for them in the USA that
said he will fail to get enough votes to
harness the Republican presidential
candidate will he run it an independent
drew who knows is exciting now but
frankly no no no do you think I've
missed anything off in the predictions
for 2016 I politely remind you it's my
list so you can bugger off but it's
really nice to actually hear from you
guys we can have a chinwag Jean wags be
fun also subscribe subscribing is good I
can make more videos it makes me happy
follow me on Twitter happy new year
