I like a lot of people do have some body
issues uh in terms of like my confidence
and what I am comfortable doing and just
so you know this is way outside of my
comfort zone so this is fun for everyone
involved isn't it about a year ago I
made that video talking about body
confidence and the fact that I wasn't
okay with bits of my body and I wanted
to make an update video because I feel
like something has happened in the last
year that usually people don't talk
about and that is in the conventional
wisdom of things my body and my ideal
with my body has gone backwards
continuing the conventional body ideal
that is usually expected by especially
gay men um I I have put on weight um
which maybe won't seem really obvious in
this shot but I can feel myself
self-consciously sucking in my belly so
if we go sign on and I relax so that's
what I'm dealing with now uh so progress
there are multiple reasons why the way
my body looks and exercise and stuff has
taken a backseat in the past twelve
months or so I've gotten a boyfriend
which is lovely and he's very supportive
about the kind of how I feel about my
body confidence issues I've gotten a
really intense job that is taking up a
lot of my time and have been working
really really intentionally and focusing
on that part of my life quite a lot for
past 12 months and also I kind of didn't
notice until really recently that you
know got got actual love handles now
I've also changed quite drastically in
my appearance in the last few months
I've gotten myself a topknot because I
like to come to trends like three years
past their peak and I'm growing out a
beard and just see
what happens there and aside from like
all the lists I am kind of having fun
experimenting with the way that I look
and I'm okay with that
and I could come under criticism because
top knots are out of fashion and beards
should be better groomed than theirs but
I'm okay with that because I'm
experimenting with the way that I look
and I wish that I had that same attitude
to the way that I look from the neck
down but it's very difficult for me to
there was an amazing writer in the UK
called Kathleen Moran who talks about
feminist issues and what it's like to be
a woman and he's just generally quite
awesome and she does this thing when
occasionally when she does like stand up
and when she just talks herself where
she is like you know what fuck everybody
I'm really okay with my body and she
will get she's got like some she's got a
bit of a saggy belly and she gets her
saggy belly pulls up her top and the top
has like a couple of eyes drawn onto her
bra and then she takes her stomach and
she puts it into a little smile and I
wish I guess I'm doing that right now oh
hello
except it's a it's a sideways mouth
that's gotten quite strange but she
talks about how she's curious and a
humored and proud of her body and the
relationship with her body and I find
that concept so hard because I'm not
proud of this body at all it feels like
me of 12 months ago has just kind of
filled up a bag with some yogurt and
stapled it to him and I feel like all of
this extra bit man dear it's just a bit
like it's just extra and I want to
change that and I hate that I want to
change that because I'm because it's
society that makes me want to do it I'm
especially hyper aware of this because
in case you haven't noticed I'm a gay
man and gay men tend to struggle with
body image much more than their straight
counterparts gay men are three times
more likely to suffer from eating
disorders I have struggled with eating
disorders in the past not something I
want
go into now but just know that it's
happened game are not also six times
more likely to do steroids than straight
men and you know some health issues with
that makes you ball shrink can give you
liver damage not the best thing to do I
mean a lot of conflict when I think
about me and my body on the one hand I
want to look conventionally attractive
and this is also reinforced by all of
these images that I happen to end up
seeing on my Instagram account
go on judge me I like to see pretty
things that we now and again and on the
other hand I want to flip the bird
Society which is saying that I can't be
a gay man and be sexy and look like this
and I find that really annoying because
I'm quite strong and I get affected by
this kind of stuff and there are so many
people so many young gay guys I'm
thinking from a gay male sis perspective
at the moment but are really affected by
the fact that they see all of these like
fitness models and porn stars and they
all have perfect bodies and there's no
joy in the taking of your stomach fat
and turning it into a smile look good
the message that I've tried to get
across last year when I talked about my
body was be okay with not being okay
with bits of your appearance and that
still very much is something that I'm
trying to do now I haven't practiced
what I preach yet because I'm still not
okay with bits of my body
but I also want to say to other gay guys
you're not alone it is everybody who
feels under pressure to be ripped and to
have abs and like tough pecs that do the
wobbly bouncy bouncy thing that I
clearly can't do because that's nothing
like the thing that pecks are meant to
do but you cannot have that body edible
and you can still be funny and
attractive and sexy right and I want and
I have a boyfriend
and I'm so lucky to find him that tells
me that like all the time and even if
you don't have that person in your life
who is able to reinforce that in you
know that you even if you don't think
that your body is perfect that you can
still will be really attractive to
somebody else and don't let all of the
Instagram models define how you feel as
a person there you go
and that frankly is all I had to say on
the matter subscribe if you like check
out my podcast where I talk about
politics and social issues and we have a
right laugh it's totes banter Myles Dyer
was on it this week subscribe to that
it's really fun I have been wrong with
oranges thank you for bearing with me
totally
