Facebook shares did a faceplant today
billions were wiped off its value all
because of a scandal involving its users
information and a company called
Cambridge analytical it kind of goes to
the issue of really how much control
does Facebook really have over its its
data and its users data most most
notably for some politicians the
advantage of using information harvested
from social media be used as a lure to
try and get into the minds of potential
voters when you were offering your data
to Cambridge analytic you knew who
Cambridge analytic I mean you knew what
they did you know what they were going
to do with it did you know what their
interest was no I'm gonna start with
just a basic question
so this was a major breach of trust and
and I'm really sorry that this happened
Cambridge analytic ah two words that
everybody on my Twitter feed seems to
have been commissioned to write a piece
about but about which so very few
actually seem to know anything about the
way that the Cambridge journalistic a
story has been phoned has been super
confusion because it's actually a story
about several different things is it a
story about the ethics of big data and
micro targeted advertising is it a story
about the shitty business practices of
one company that claims to brainwash
people or is it a story about how we
might be able to reverse the travesty
that was 2016 that gave us the Trump and
the brexit votes who please please let
it be the last one please that would be
the last one never fear my darlings
uncle Josue is here and I'm going to
break down all of the things that you
need to know about this story so that
you can decide what it is you actually
care about how refreshing right you
ready to strap in our story starts with
Alexandre Croghan a psychologist from
the University of Cambridge who created
a personality test quiz in 2013 that was
disseminated through the network
you remember those kinds of quizzes from
the early 20 tons that's about the time
that I realized that I was a type 3 ENFJ
earth Tory and Huff alors not been the
same since has really changed my life I
was also a Rachel obviously those types
of personality quizzes would often have
a pop up that gave external non Facebook
websites and applications permission to
access some basic data on you remember
those back in 2013 basically what you
were doing was giving permission to
somebody that wasn't Facebook the chance
to access some of the information the
Facebook had on
you and in the case of Alexander Kogan's
at permission to access information on
all of your friends as well between
200,000 and 300,000 people took Cogan's
personality test which eventually gave
him access to around 50 million
individual Facebook profiles it is very
possible that even if you didn't take a
Cogan's test he ended up sucking up a
little bit of data on you mmm delicious
it's important that we acknowledge that
although this sounds super creepy
there was nothing illegal happening here
this complied with UK law at the time
and even complied with Facebook's
internal data policies at the time it's
also super important that we acknowledge
that the data that someone like Cogan
was able to get from this kind of
process was an internal Facebook data
Simon Milner Facebook's UK policy
director somewhat confusingly described
it like this when he was interviewed by
some people from the UK Parliament
Cambridge analytic Oh have you ever
passed any user information over to
Cambridge analytic or any or any of its
associated companies no but they do hold
a large chunk of facebook's user data
don't they know they may have lots of
data they could but it would not be
Facebook users it may be data about
people who are on Facebook but they have
gathered themselves it is not data that
we are providing how will they have
gathered that data from people Muniz on
Facebook well there could be all kinds
of things that these organizations do
but I think it would be really good
question to ask then rather than us
about what data they have we may well do
sidenote this is also why Facebook
apparently threatened to sue the UK
newspaper The Guardian before they
published their big whistleblower story
on it more on that later because the
Guardian chose to say that there was a
data breach at Facebook which
technically there wasn't this level of
semantics is also pretty annoying
because Cambridge analytic oh who we're
gonna explain later
have also claimed to have not used
Facebook data when they were involved in
the Trump presidential campaign do they
mean that they didn't use Facebook
internal data in the same way that Simon
Milner says
that they haven't all do they mean that
no data on Facebook was used at all well
regardless what Cogan scraped and what
ended up in the hands of Cambridge and
Alyssa Kerr was technically not the data
that Facebook has on you and was most
likely nowhere near close to the amount
of data that Facebook has on you which
I'll be frank it's probably going to
freak you out a little bit we can talk
about that later but it's probably for
another video
since Cogan harvested his data in 2013
Facebook have actually changed their
data policy from 2014 onwards anybody
looking to collect data on users has to
be formally approved by Facebook first
and an app developer could no longer
collect data on friends of users who
grant access to their own information
Zuckerberg our future benevolent leader
has said that this policy change was to
prevent abusive apps but the policy also
happened to be changed shortly after the
publishing of a joint study from
Facebook and Cornell University you
might remember the team curated the news
feeds of nearly 700,000 individuals and
manipulated the content to cause people
to either feel happier or sadder this
study had a huge amount of pushback
because of frankly how unethical it was
and a lot of it coming specifically from
the the academic community um the
Cornell Facebook study I think really
was a watershed moment for the website
and Facebook have since to their credit
undone really well to restrict the
amount of information and data available
on users for companies and for
researchers and have gradually made
privacy more of a priority for the site
and for the people who use it this is in
spite of the fact that according to an
ex-employee sandy power Kilis it was
common knowledge that there was a black
market for Facebook data at the time
with tens of thousands of developers
having access to harvesting user data
via the games and the applications that
they made and then Facebook really
having no way of controlling or
regulating what they
with that data afterwards I bet you're
really regretting spending so much time
playing farmville now sorry about it
the problem is that researcher from
Cambridge Alexander Cogan already had
the information on 50 million Facebook
profiles it didn't matter that Facebook
subsequently changed their data policy
what happened next is a little bit more
vague we're not sure which way around it
goes either Cambridge analysts occur
approached Alexander Cogan for them for
the information for the data or
Alexander Cogan approached Cambridge
analytical it's all a little bit
playground he said she said but this is
where it gets particularly icky up until
this point we've been treading very
firmly on immoral ground and we're about
to sashay quite brilliantly into the
realm of illegality I'm very excited at
you
kokin gave sold this data that he got
from his personality test to Cambridge
analytic ah he claims to have not
profited personally from this exchange
it is possible that this is true it does
cost an awful lot of money to run these
kinds of psychological tests um and on a
certain level I do feel slightly sorry
for Cogan
he's been negatively profiled a lot in
the media coverage of this story and has
been used as a scapegoat by both
Facebook and Cambridge analytic oh um
but some of the criticisms of him are
perfectly valid as a fellow academic I
cannot believe his hubris and his lack
of ability to ethically evaluate the
study that he was doing with non
consenting adults
he didn't even consider going anywhere
near an ethical clearance form in this
and this kind of behavior makes people
who use social data from the Internet in
our research look bad so shame on him
that said he was doing something that
was widely practiced at the time albeit
nefariously the debate around data
ethics and the law surrounding that
field was way behind what was possible
with Internet user data at the time
Cogan himself wasn't an exceptionally
amol individual everybody was being
incredibly amol at the time which makes
it fine but this transfer of data and
using data for something that it wasn't
originally meant for is where rules were
broken
it goes against Facebook policy even at
the time and almost certainly broke the
data protection act that is in UK law
Cogan had no right to sell or to pass on
data that he'd gathered from Facebook to
a third party the third party here is
obviously Cambridge analytic er and they
are oh I I believe I believe the
technical business term for
like them is the scumbags another
meeting was arranged and this time a
fortnight later at a different London
hotel we get from Cambridge analytic Oh
a memorable lesson in modern electoral
tactics to fundamental human drivers
when it comes to taking information on
board effectively our hopes and fears
and many of those are unspoken and the
even unconscious you didn't know that
was a fear until you saw something but
just evoked that reaction from you very
greatly and our job is to get is to drop
the bucket further down the world than
anybody else to understand what others
really deep-seated underlying fears
concerns there is no good fighting an
election campaign on the facts because
actually it's all about emotion there's
been an awful lot of really good
reporting and Cambridge analysts occur
not least from the UK's channel 4 and
from the Guardian newspapers Carroll
Cadwallader Cadwallader presented us
with a whistleblower in the form of
candy floss head Christopher Wylie who
according to Cambridge analyst sticker
themselves worked with them between
August 2013 and July 2014 as such he
can't give us an awful lot of
information as to what Cambridge
analytic I did in the run-up to the
Trump election in the United States and
the bricks at referendum in 2016 but
what he has been able to give us is an
insight into the kind of projects that
Cambridge and Lusaka did who their
clients were and how they operated oh
and also a load of really terrifying but
captivating quotes it was a growth
grossly unethical experiment because you
are playing with an entire country the
psychology of an entire country without
their consent or awareness and not only
are you like playing with the psychology
of an entire nation you're playing with
the psychology of an entire nation in
the context of the democratic process so
Cambridge on this occur has people's
private messages
since on Facebook I can't say whether
they did or not what I'm saying what I'm
saying is what the app could do if you
want to fight a battle or you want to
fight a war you want to win a war you
need weapons for that you wanted
cultural weapons and we could we could
build them for him this was the weapon
that Steve Bannon wanted to build to
fight his culture war instead of
standing in the public square and saying
what you think and then letting people
come and listen to you and have that
shared experience as to what your what
your narrative is you are whispering
into the ear of each and every voter and
you may be whispering one thing to this
voter and another thing to another voter
if you want to fundamentally change
society you first have to break it it's
only when you break it is when you can
remould the pieces into your vision of a
new of a new society scary
in this scenario Chris Wiley is very
much the school bully sidekick who has
decided to grass on the big guy and is
terrified of getting in trouble himself
he has described a company that used
manipulative tactics to persuade or diss
Wade voters in a variety of country's
elections including Kenya Nigeria and
the world's largest democracy India the
sting operation by Channel 4 News which
used secret cameras and the like
suggested that Cambridge analytic ended
up using bribery and blackmail in order
to attack their clients potential
political opponents they claimed to use
forms of espionage and painted colorful
national stereotypes in order to sell
their wares including Ukrainian
prostitutes and Israeli X pies yes a
very beautiful new trainee interns find
that's
it feels very much like if you went into
a meeting with them you'd leave feeling
very cool cambridge analytical have
claimed that all of this is false and
have since let Alexander Nix go the guy
who ran the operation and was filmed
offering all of these services in the TV
investigation this is understandable
because all of these things are super
illegal bribery and blackmail of foreign
officials is in UK US and EU law a very
big no-no Cambridge analytical are being
taken seriously here and being presented
as a big deal because they worked on
both the Trump campaigns and during the
brexit referendum they worked closely
with the human potato Steve Bannon but
also with the pro brexit campaign levy
you for those of you who are uninitiated
they're the ones that presented us with
such greatest hits as brave boys with a
brick the Dalai Lama hates migration and
posh spice is a hard-line nationalist
and especially on that last one I mean
come on we'd all we don't assume it
would be Gerry wouldn't we he is the one
that wore the dress we'll come back to
that later on in this video but what I'm
interested in right now is what does
this data that Cambridge analytical got
from the academic Alexander Cogan look
like was it age sex location or was it
all the way down to the kind of stuff
that we were doing that was present in
our facebook calendars
what was this weaponized data that they
were claiming to use what did it look
like this is a really fun question to
ask because somehow we still don't know
Facebook claim to not know what
information was scraped by Cogan Chris
Wiley doesn't seem to know even though
he's the one who apparently requested
the data from Alexander Cogan Cambridge
analytic erssime to have been too busy
promising magic and deleting the data of
Facebook's requests in 2015 and Cogan
won't answer my tweets even when they're
accompanied with hilarious gifts so I'm
stuck I don't know what else I can do
we're also just not sure how
Cambridge analytic er ended up using
this data that they obtained we know
that
use the information that they got from
Cogan to build psychological personality
profiles of individuals Chris candyfloss
Wiley has described it as them deciding
to not target individuals as voters but
to target them as different
personalities we also know from Chris
that they took part in micro targeting
of adverts feeding different messaging
to different people based on their
personality types and based on what they
thought you would end up responding to
this may sound creepy but I argue that
if we go too far down this rabbit hole
that we end up losing sight of the story
a little bit bear with me while I go
somewhere down this rabbit hole and
explain why I don't think that this is
the biggest deal in his interview with
The Guardian Chris Wiley ends up
painting a rather dystopian and
concerning image suggesting that we risk
fragmenting society in a way where we
don't have anymore shared experiences
and we don't have anymore shared
understanding if we don't have any more
shared understanding how can we be as
functioning society can I be real and
apparently controversial about this I
think this is a really melodramatic way
of describing micro-targeting and really
doesn't help us talk about the way that
big data is used in advertising
advertisers have been trying to put the
correct message in front of the correct
person since advertising began way back
when they'd buy an ad in a newspaper
where they thought the readership would
be the correct people to see whatever
message it was that they wanted them to
use nowadays company use micro-targeting
not just on Facebook but on Google on
Twitter and in the results that you see
when you type something in to Google or
Amazon The Guardian and the New York
Times the two papers that are
spearheading this investigation both use
targeted advertising in order to get
more subscribers
readers the use of big data in politics
is also nothing new and certainly not
reserved for the likes of the big bad
brexit and Trump campaigns in Ethan
Hodges book hacking the electorate he
quite eloquently and effectively
describes how the American
democratically aligned data firm
catalyst ended up using public records
like census and voter registration data
in order to propel Obama into the White
House in 2008 in 2012 they would mount
the way that they interacted with voters
depending on the information that they
had on you and granted this was public
data so it's slightly different to the
use of Facebook data but how much really
do the American people opt-in to having
their public records used by a political
campaign is it a level of consent very
much different to the one that we sign
when we log into our Facebook and we
sign the Terms of Service of Facebook
the questions have answers a real
question for you right now and please
let me know in the comments below why
aren't we as outraged when we find out
that Obama used big data and targeted
messaging in his campaigns why aren't we
outraged when we find out about the
targeted Facebook ads used by Corbin's
Labor Party in the last general election
in the UK if we as a society are pissed
off and annoyed at the way that we're
being segmented and targeted like this
then we need to be outraged no matter
who is doing it and not just throw our
toys out of the pram when our side loses
we also need to quite frankly ask how
effective is this type of political
campaigning Cambridge analytical made
pie-in-the-sky claims that they could
basically brainwash individuals by
putting adverts in front of them so I I
use targeted advertising in my day job I
understand it reasonably well it's not
magic they let you put the right thing
in front of the right person but I as an
advertiser and nowhere near close to
being able to puppeteer people into
being more concerned about Hillary
Clinton's emails or the customs union
Chris Cavanaugh a cognitive
anthropologist from the University of
Oxford pointed out in a really brilliant
blog post
that you should read that even Cogan
didn't think that his data was that good
he said that the predictions we gave
Cambridge analytical were six times more
likely to get all five of a person's
personality traits wrong as it was to
get them all correct in short even if
the data was used by a campaign from
micro-targeting it could realistically
only hurt their efforts
look I remember that study I talked
about between Cornell University and
Facebook earlier on in the video so they
claimed to be able to manipulate how
people felt based on manipulating their
Facebook news feeds
but even this study found that they were
only able to manipulate people into
using roughly one percent fewer positive
words in their statuses which grand
scheme of things not not hugely
influential the Facebook is a hugely
powerful platform a ridiculously
powerful platform and it has
far-reaching implications and we should
take it seriously we need to be having
these discussions but it doesn't control
the whole human experience it's kind of
hard to brainwash people the angle this
lighting in this shirt is slightly
different because I'm filming this on a
different day please don't hate me at
the beginning of this video I suggested
that there were three prongs to this
story first of all the question of data
ethics should people's data have been
used in this particular way and what is
being done to combat that secondly the
business practices of Cambridge
analytical are they as assholey
as the media would have us think and
then finally whether or not this is
affected some of the biggest votes in
recent years the Trump vote and the
brexit vote in the UK unfortunately I
think that a lot of media have decided
to turn this into a personality profile
of the pink head Oh Cambridge and Lusaka
killer Chris Wylie and also a reason to
valley to arms oh my god let's let's
stop Trump the stop brexit it's all
invalidated now look thank God praise
Jesus whereas I think the actual
important stories about this are
conversations about privacy online how
your data is used if they'll you're in
the European Union um we're about to get
a new piece of legislation called the
general data protection act which is
gonna completely change the game when it
comes to the agency that we as
individual citizens as individual people
the agency that we have over our data
how it ends up being used who holds it
who ends up seeing it how it gets
handled all of those kinds of things
it's a really consequential new law um
that is coming in and we need to have
more consumer awareness about the
consequences of us using free services
like Facebook like Twitter like Google
or Amazon products online um they're
free because then they use it to sell us
stuff and that can be physical things or
it can be a political ideology secondly
I mean from what we know about Cambridge
analytical some people probably need to
be prosecuted for amol business
practices Cambridge analyst occur are
 and this is being used as a way to
completely invalidate the way that
millions of people voted when it comes
to trump and brexit I think that that is
the long thing to do we is the
Metropolitan liberal elite need to stop
thinking about the people who voted for
brexit as those who are intellectually
vulnerable and able to be manipulated by
a few Facebook ads and I'm kind of I
voted remain and I'm not American so I
didn't vote for Trump I voted remain and
the thing that I want the most in the
world is for us to not leave the
European Union and I am sick of the
Media blitzes that are happening at the
moment to try and invalidate the vote
that happened a couple years ago in June
a couple of weeks ago we couldn't trust
the brexit outcome when we had to rerun
the referendum because it was Russian
hackers who had something to do with it
and then fast forward to now and we're
talking about the fact that facebook ads
the reason that everybody voted for
brexit people voted for brexit because
they've been let down by they by the
political establishment year after year
decade after decade and they just wanted
to up all they wanted to do
was have something different
anything different and that was offered
to them by the brexit vote by voting to
leave the European Union and by voting
for Trump we need to stop looking for
that silver bullet that we apparently
think is going to be able to allow us to
reverse both Trump and her exit we need
to grow up a little bit
frankly we can change things we can make
Trump an inconsequential president and
we can stop brexit from happening we do
that by changing minds not by telling
the minds that voted for those things
that they were duped and they were
tricked because that's just making
people retreat more into their corner I
think I have an unconventional opinion
on this let me know what you think in
the comments below also subscribe
because I just want to be loved that's
why I put videos on the Internet
if you're into global politics and
listening to people with different
perspectives then check out my podcast
the right dishonourable where myself and
my co-host Jimmy talk about news every
week he voted to leave the European
Union and I obviously voted to stay
check us out
I think we're really good if you like
podcasts yeah why not thank you to all
of the people that support me on patreon
you make this possible genuinely thank
you if you want to patronize me
then do it speaking of how your date is
being used actually Google have been
following you around like sniffing
around seeing what you're clicking on on
the Internet's and they've decided that
this particular video is one that you
would enjoy also you can subscribe down
there because it's fun we were bad the
