hello YouTube jazzer here so fun fact
for you did you know that I can't give
blood no it's got nothing to do with the
fact that I am scared of needles
although yeah but it has everything to
do the fact that I am a man who happens
to every now and again on occasion enjoy
having sex with other men yes because I
partake in something called buggery from
time to time I'm unable to donate my
dirty homosexual blood trying not to be
melodramatic here but it does you did
this annoys me it annoys me through a
very long time if you a man who'd had
whispered it penetrative sex with
somebody from the same gender then you
would have had a lifetime ban on
donating blood imposed upon you no ifs
no buts I mean there would have been
buts
involved I'm gonna stop that thought I'm
gonna stop that thought the ban was
enforced in response to the HIV crisis
in the gay community during the 70s and
the 80s but also because of high levels
of sexually transmitted diseases like
hepatitis and syphilis basically all of
the nasty things that used to be
everywhere before we all got scared into
safe sex because of this advert the
virus can be passed during sexual
intercourse with an infected person so
far it's been confined to small groups
but it's spreading
so protect yourself and read this
leaflet when it arrives
if you ignore AIDS it could be the death
of you so don't die of ignorance
now with the gravestone a smoke machine
and a lethal it doesn't scare you into
putting on a condom then frankly I don't
know what will so that was the
background for the initial ban on men
who have sex with men giving blood it
was born partially out of the fear of
the HIV crisis but also out of
practicality the methods didn't exist
yet that allowed us to properly check
the presence of these diseases in
donated blood so at the time a blanket
ban not just on men who have sex with
men but on sex workers and drug users
was the most practical way to keep
transfusions as safe as possible fair
enough right fast-forward to 2011 and
the coalition government decide to lift
this blanket ban everywhere apart from
Northern Ireland where it still applies
the catch is if you are a gay or
bisexual man who wants to donate blood
you have to abstain from sex for a year
now I'm not saying that this is going to
be difficult for me I have a lot of
self-control I'm just saying that I'm
super sexy and the boys can't keep their
hands off of me it's just going to be
very hard for me the thing is our
ability to properly test donated blood
has greatly improved even since 2011
when this blanket ban was lifted and it
is now possible to screen blood faster
and more effectively for these standout
and scary diseases those who support the
maintaining of this ban cite several
reasons the main one being that men who
have sex with men are still those most
likely to be HIV positive and therefore
able to pass on the virus to others
through a blood transfusion in the UK
one in 20 gay men are HIV positive in
the capital London that figure increases
to one in eight and of those HIV
positive gay men one in five of them do
not know what their status is they don't
know that they are positive this is a
very high risk group there is a counter
argument
however from people who say that this is
discrimination based purely on
somebody's sexual orientation and not on
their habits on how they live their
lives I fall into this category as a gay
man in a monogamous relationship who
uses protection and regularly gets
tested I am at a much lower risk of
contracting and carrying HIV than a
straight man or woman who has regular
unprotected sex with multiple partners
there you allowed to give blood I am
banned from doing so I believe that that
is discrimination a solution to this is
treating all donors the same based on
behavior rather than on their sexuality
however the advisory board for the
safety of blood tissue and organs those
who regulate these things have disagreed
with this and said that it that they
wouldn't trust any individual to make
accurate assumptions of their levels of
risk to HIV hepatitis which you know
sucks if you agree with me and you think
that this ban on sexually active gay men
giving blood is discriminatory then you
can help change this and I have a handy
three-step plan for you number one in
the UK there is a campaign called
freedom to donate they are at the moment
trying to get as many people as possible
to sign a petition which is urging the
government to reconsider the 12-month
abstinence requirement for gay blood
donations if you believe as strongly as
I do that the current law is
discriminatory please sign it freedom to
deny also wants the government to
reconsider the blanket ban on people who
have taken intravenous drugs in the past
and people who work in the sex industry
so if you also believe strongly in those
areas then sign it but why say it's
gonna be the first link downstairs step
2 is after signing it find out who your
MP is and write them a polite but
sternly worded letter asking them where
they stand on blood donation make sure
you find out who your representative is
and if their views represent you if not
give them a hard time message them on
Twitter or something on step 3 if you're
a gay or bi guy who
from giving blood make a video about
this if you are a straight anti who
wants to help end discrimination in this
area please make a video and encourage
others to sign the petition and to lobby
their MP we are the people we are the
power this is me trying to do a rousing
speech but the more people know about
this and the more people know how
ridiculous this ban is the more likely
is that we are going to be able to
change it my mom has been donating blood
her whole adult life and I have never
been able to accompany her and it's
always really bothered me that I haven't
been able to say make the same
difference to somebody's life who needs
a blood donation as she has I want to be
able to accompany her to the clinic and
donate my blood and so for the love of
God please share this video make sure
you comment it and like it to make sure
as many people see this as possible I
feel like most people don't even know
that there is a blanket ban on sexually
active gay men in this country please
let's use this platform to change crap
okay I've been wrong with oranges I'll
see you very soon
toodaloo
if you like this video check out
something else I made boom there you go
the freedom to donate camp campaign is
partially run by my friend Lewis Barker
who's also a youtuber he never uploads
but you should go and give him some love
down here finally also I have to hold
this out because it's a passion project
of mine I have a weekly podcast when I
talk about politics and stuff find it
here and go and like subscribe to it and
leave it five stars and comment and
engage in the conversations we have
there it's great it's so much fun it's
like a chat down the pub about the
current events of the week if that
doesn't set it I don't know what will
right I'm gonna go now
Oh
