hello so today I would like to talk
about the entry levels to YouTube as a
medium whether or not it's stepping
stone to mainstream or a art form in
itself and I'd also like to talk about
the video that Casey Nick nice that made
after he got a million subscribers so
I'm going to take you around with me
today and will having to talk about that
Antonia has a right to here for the hell
will end zone is right Antonia has
fought in the home right Martin you kind
of missed this proposed on three years
while I'm married to me how he moves you
made a perfect
never vlog while driving kc nights that
reached a million subscribers this week
and made a appropriately celebratory
video about it and it was amazing but he
also took the video to talk about the
authenticity of youtube and the
difference between being on youtube and
being in the mainstream he said
specifically this historically
filmmaking has always been an elitist
art form here's what I need if you
wanted to be a painter you needed a
brush and paint if you wanted to be a
writer you need a pen and paper but if
you wanted to be a filmmaker you needed
cameras and film and lenses and gear and
people and actors and money and
connections and distribution you needed
to know important people it's never been
an accessible means of self-expression
but technology change that the beauty of
putting movies on the Internet is that
it's it's Democratic its egalitarian and
most importantly it's a meritocracy no
no it's not i've been blogging on this
platform since 2007 back when i was
using a 15-pound webcam that i bought
from Argos that still had the time
ticker in the bottom left hand corner
and was grainy and terrible and it took
me three months to be able to figure out
how to use windows movie maker which was
the only editing software that i was
able to use because it came free with
the pc that my parents owned those who
are starting to vlog now are
increasingly pressured to use incredibly
high level technology in order to create
the vlogs that they want people like
casey use incredibly expensive cameras
incredibly expensive equipment have
teams around them there's a lot of
bloggers who have people who shoot and
edit their videos for them now and that
is now seen as the minimum in order for
you to be able to be legitimate on
YouTube and I think the sooner that we
realize that this illusion of YouTube
being democratic and being a place where
anybody can
make it big the sooner we realize that
that is a load of BS I think it's the
better for us because then we can move
forward as a community and the sooner we
can you know except that you don't have
to have a bloody DSLR in order to make
it I'm not shading on Casey for this
Casey has a very different kind of
experience with YouTube who I think a
lot of the people that I associate
YouTube with the people who were
vlogging in the late 2010's he is first
and foremost a filmmaker a filmmaker who
had the frustrations of having to deal
with the mainstream and having to deal
with gatekeepers and compared to that
compared to how the mainstream kind of
film industry is YouTube is an
incredibly refreshing place to be but
the thing is only people see the kind of
vlogs that people make nowadays those
who are the biggest creators and they
have management companies and teams
behind them and editing teams and
sponsorship deals and then they're like
well that's not something I can do I
have a nice site on an imac that's it
and I think that that's terrible because
this increased level of bar of entry
this increased level of benchmark means
that when I was like 16 17 18 I would
have never thought of making videos I'd
have never thought of starting on this
medium and this medium has changed my
life probably more than anything and I
want that opportunity to be for
everybody let's go home
Oh
coffee number two there's something
actually in cases how to get a million
subscribers video that really rings true
where he says that everybody has an
audience no matter how you film or what
you film or what you say or what you
come across as how you look there is
someone out there who is going to want
to watch you but the problem is that
there's this obsession with numbers and
there's this obsession with growth and
this whole video from Casey is about
getting a million subscribers if you're
going to empower people at the bottom to
start making stuff then you need to stop
them thinking about the numbers game
formed off the bat and started thinking
about making stuff that they are really
really proud of and you are you are
capable of making stuff that you're
really proud of if your footage is a bit
grainy if your audio isn't perfect I am
probably contended by a lot of people a
small youtuber about eighteen thousand
subscribers I am incredibly low budget I
don't have a DSLR camera I film some of
my most successful videos filmed on the
eye sight on this on my laptop I'm
filming right now on the camera that I
have accidentally kind of stolen from a
friend so in Le I'll get this back to
you too and then whenever I can I'm
lucky enough to have the resource of the
YouTube space where I can vent stuff out
for three for the day which is insane
that I have that resource so what can
those of you who have been around for a
while actually do about the perceived
necessary high quality of videos that
needs to be put out in order for you to
start on this site one particular thing
we can do is lift up those who are
making amazing engaging content
regardless as to the quality and
regardless as to the audience's that
they have lift these people up show that
you can start from zero nowadays and
that you didn't have to start in 2006 in
order for you to be a successful
youtuber or to make stuff that's amazing
if you see something making amazing
share that like christ sake make
sure that people
see it and certainly I think that we
need to be less snobby about our own
content my videos do not always look
slick and edited and amazing the third
thing that we can do is to break out of
these social bubbles the YouTube has
naturally created there's not something
innately problematic bout them but one
of the things that Casey said in this
video was you need to know important
people and that is how you grow a
channel these days the way that you
become the next big thing is by
collaborating with somebody who has an
established audience by working with
somebody who has an established audience
and that is yes another outside of
finance that is yet another high barrier
to entry that young kids who want to be
filmmakers who want to vlog who want to
share their lives I've struggling with
if they see youtube want to do it and
then I like but it's difficult those of
us who are establishing the YouTube
community should be working with perhaps
people outside of our comfort zone
outside of our friendship group empower
others we've been so lucky even me with
like a relatively small 18,000 people is
not small but we were relatively
compared to kc relatively small audience
we are so privileged and we have so much
power and I want to share that so this
is the thing that I'm going to try and
do going forward anyway tell me what you
think of casey's what kind of
conclusions about YouTube as a medium do
you agree with in do you think that I am
being overly the x-ray let me know be
lovely to know what I have been wrong
with oranges Tilly
make sure that you watch cases video you
can see that at the top here and one of
my friends rosianna also made a
fantastic analysis of this whole
discussion down below where she
basically talked about the fact that
that one selling product products these
days youtubers selling themselves are
selling their lifestyle look at how
awesome are in my life is I get to
travel I get to make films I get to hang
out with cool people she took talks very
articulate about that kind of stuff I
shared Rosie Anna's things whenever I
can she's awesome if you want to find me
elsewhere you can follow me on twitter
at just john you can debate me on there
as well you're more than welcome to talk
to me i also have a weekly podcast when
i talk about politics and social issues
and just have some totes advanced with
my major me you can check that out here
thank you very much for watching that's
all i have to say on this matter do
