hello YouTube jazzer here so you may
have noticed if you're vaguely aware on
social media that this month is LGBT
Pride Month where people are proud to be
L G B or T and in that vein the lovely
people at penguin who published books
gave me a few LGBT books to kind of talk
about and review and so I'm going to go
through some of these books and we can
talk about these in the comments and all
of that kind of self sound good good the
first one is Will Grayson Will Grayson
which is the only john green book
I haven't read and it's also by David
Levithan in is phenomenal actually in
terms of life the way it's written you
can really tell that the chapters that
um John Greene wrote are John Green
chapters it's very much got the same
kind of prose as a lot of his stuff very
convoluted sentences that are incredibly
articulate use lots and lots of
adjectives and are kind of like the kind
of throws that a teenager would never
actually use but is amazing to read and
really really cool and it's kind of like
one chapter was written by John Green
one chapter is written by David Levithan
who wrote boy meets boy and Nick and
Norah's Infinite Playlist
and this is kind of a book made I think
more for the queer kids best friend in
high school and there's a musical
involved and it's just really nicely
written and I so I'm dyslexic I struggle
with reading I'm not very quick at
reading and I've gotten a good way
through this and I'm really enjoying the
journey and so you know what if you're
somebody on YouTube who hasn't read John
Green books before I will Grayson Will
Grayson it's a lot of fun not everything
that penguin sent me was why a this is a
classic book by Jeanette Winterson I'm
called oranges are not the only fruit
and it's kind of really quite sad it's a
semi autobiographical book about her
upbringing in a very Christian um
traditional background and how she ends
up figuring out that she's gay as I said
is really really heavy but also like I
said I struggle with reading quite a lot
but I'm eating through this like
nobody's business and oranges are not
the only fruit is like a classic in the
British LGBT genre and is really an
interesting insight into the psyche of
somebody who grows up in such a closed
world and then she goes to school and
interacts with other kids for the first
time and it's a really interesting
insight so that users are not the only
fruit Jeanette Winterson I recommend
they sent me this book Simon vs. the
Homo sapiens and did a really cool thing
where's jazzer vs. the Homo sapiens I
see what you did there penguin very
clever also awkwardly noticed the
Chinese takeaway menu being used as a
bookmark classy as I said I've only read
a few chapters of this but every page
there's something new that it's
resonating with me from the email
exchanges that are like pages and pages
long between a couple of gay kids who
haven't met in real life yet and they
end up being like I've never spoken to
somebody like this before and I like I'm
falling in love with you all over email
and this is all stuff that I did when I
was a teenager coming into terms with my
sexuality and like the mid naughties the
protagonist at one point talks about the
fact that he realized that he was gay
and then in spite of that continued
having girlfriends and that's something
that I did when I was kind of coming to
terms with my sexuality as well like I
knew I was gay but I continued seeing
girls like kind of in the hope that oh
this is probably like a temporary thing
the author becky albertalli really sums
it up very well in this paragraph and
says i guess it was easy being in
relationships where i didn't really have
to think about all the tiny humiliations
that come with being attracted to
somebody it's like I get along with
girls kissing them is fine
dating them was really manageable and
that was exactly the pragmatic thought
that I had when I was still dating girls
despite the fact that I knew my
sexuality and it makes you feel like
really guilty and crappy but also it's
just kind of what happens when you're
wrestling with your sexuality
honestly page after page after page of
this that I'm reading is just me being
like yeah that happened yeah if that
happened - it's it's a really cool book
it's Simon versus
is the homo sapiens agenda' by becky
albertalli really really cool book
there's a load of titles that think of
incent me that I am NOT gonna be
reviewing in this video but you can
watch me review them over on their
channel like check out these books
because when I was growing up I didn't
read any queer fiction especially um
young adult stuff and I think that
that's really important that there is
like queer representation in like the
books and the media that we're reading
especially for kids who are struggling
with their own sexuality not just for
the gay kids but for the kids who are
kind of having to deal with other people
so much sexuality Will Grayson Will
Grayson is a really good example of that
of how to be a good friend to a gay
person and like that's really important
that's really positive messages to send
across to young kids who are in their
formative years right so go over to
their channel check out the stuff that
they do that is all really book
orientated I've had a lot of fun kind of
trying to plow through these books as
much as I can and I can't wait to like
finish them all it's been really cool
and I love the opportunity to do this
let me know if you might want me to do
some more in-depth but reviews maybe
I'll become like a semi booktuber maybe
who knows we will see I would like it if
you liked this video and subscribe be
cool otherwise I've been wrong lunges
and I will see you guys soon next week
hopefully
totally
