okay I'm gonna take my shoes off so we
can have a chat I'm sorry if my beep
smell that's right okay a year and a
half two years ago I made a video that
we just watched with um Gabby city whose
glorious we loved seriously because
frankly we were the only two out gay
youtubers on the site really that were
like in the community and stuff at the
time it was unfathomable to me how the
US had a really strong LGBT kind of
video presence and we had next to
nothing like if I am one of the biggest
acade channels in the UK then there's a
problem
right but now you like wait fast forward
to 2015 and there's you can't move for
them so I'm putting together the LGBT
panel this year yeah and I'm just like I
have to have two Americans on the panel
yeah last year because they weren't
really enough like prominent gay
YouTube's and then you can't move for
has the something change I think how
much can change in a year isn't it I'm
really sick it's awesome do you think
something has changed what's changed I
think maybe I think maybe it's something
to do with the fact that globally we're
getting more and more LGBT youtubers
coming out and they're making a presence
like across the world so then I think
more you know gay people out there are
going hang on this YouTube thing I quite
like the sound of that maybe I'm going
to turn a camera on and share my life
and then I think as well like some
youtubers who have been around like
Louis Parker don't know and they've been
around for a few years but they're only
just coming out coming out to their
audiences yeah so they're starting to
feel more comfortable I think there's
clearly a phenomenon of people choosing
to come out now or whether that's
because of better impersonally like a
background and then having to come out
family first or other reasons but then
we've also seen kind of a wave of people
who are just picking up a camera for the
first time yeah what do you think their
motivation is because I think so
the issue with being an LGBT youtuber
yeah is that you always have the
moneymaker you could always make a
coming-out
and you always get on the hits and
there's kind of like always the balance
between oh I can get a on the hit
just for making a coming out video yeah
first is that oh I'm actually helping
somebody and if you like you end up
doing both of those things at the same
time but do you think that there and I
know you're gonna be really not ease but
do you think that there is a kind of a
conflict between those two reasons for
becoming a youtuber and becoming a
prominent and a vocal LGBT I have I have
heard rumors and things and I don't know
if these things are true that there are
people out there who you know use their
sexuality to like further accelerate
them which i think is very wrong but I
think for the most part that isn't the
reason people are doing it people are
doing it because they genuinely want to
make a difference or just because they
do happen to be gay and they just want
to share that part of your life because
you share so much of your life as a UTA
if you're gonna pick up the camera and
decide to put it on the internet and
even or
attention so you can get the very
nervous and I'm saying that as somebody
who picks up your camera and talks to
the camera
you've been around some of the u.s.
youtubers as well do you think that
there's there's a difference between
being LGBT and you and a blogger in the
u.s. and yeah being being an LGBT
blogger in in America in the u.s. it
does seem to be like a thing it's almost
like a category and I don't mean that I
mean it's actually a category so there's
companies that have specific verticals
like plate like yeah videos that they
want to invest in and around LGBT
verticals that they are like this is a
these are the types of videos that do
well yeah and that's crazy because I
don't think we have that here in the UK
and I don't I don't feel like we have it
well easy to create your stuff cuz I
consider myself to be an LGBT vlogger
like not somebody who is gay not a
youtuber who happens to be gay I
actually consider myself to be somebody
who that is almost my category but
looking at other like youtubers in this
country I don't think that really anyone
fits into that box not that they should
we have just talked about how far the
LGBTQ community has come on in a year
hmm but I don't think that is
necessarily actually true I think I
think the gay gay men within our
community have all come forward but
thinking about lesbian bisexual trans
youtubers in this country and we are
very very very few I can only think of
two lesbian couples a handful of trans
guys I can't think of any trans female
youtubers mm-hmm and you know pansexual
I don't know any bisexual I don't know
any Oh Rosie from mojo emojis Rosie from
Rosie umbrellas line that I can actually
think of anybody of the problem I heard
who like who like talks about it exactly
so there's people who will be like a
sexual minority in their private lives
but choose not to talk about it on the
internet which is understandable yeah
but what do you think about people who
choose to keep those two things
separately you know it's a personal
decision if you do want to keep that to
yourself that is absolutely your thing
and nobody can press you to come out but
at the same time I do think you can do a
whole world of good if you do come out
and share your story with people you
like the amount of life you could change
you you kind of in a magic mm-hmm so
don't feel pressured into it but if you
do then yeah go for it give us a call
because we're happy to like talk over
 with you if you want do you want to
say anything to anybody who is like a
young youtuber who maybe wants to go and
go down your your loop and be somebody
who's an advocate yeah I think
absolutely if you if you want to do if
that's something you're passionate about
and that's something you really really
want to do then I completely fully
support you but the same time don't just
don't if you are gay don't feel like you
have to make gay videos you you know
just make normal videos they don't have
to be gay themes just because you're gay
you can be you can talk about politics
and be equally unpopular and it works
like wonders you're popular on YouTube
you're a successful YouTube Jessa you
you should put yourself down thank you I
mean I just wanted to compliment this is
where the video is going to end and
ending the videos so I usually get the
other person to end the video
okay how would you like me some over the
video about the video that we made yes
so we made another video over on my
channel which is part of count done like
a series for LGBT Pride Month yeah right
and they're all really really good and
really really interesting um and I
should really be doing more stuff I know
exactly
so go over to home channel check out the
video that we made we talked about the
importance of coming out yeah I'm
enlisted lots of people who've come out
and how good it is and how beautiful
they are very very beautiful Carol
thinks everyone's beauty everyone is
beautiful you're beautiful they're
beautiful the world is thought of
beautiful people I mean no I'm gonna
stop being it go over to cows channel
check out the video we did and also all
of the other videos that he's done this
month I've been running with oranges who
view bean I think Alan we never
introduced me until oh no I don't why
this is been a shitty show this is why I
don't do outros by two layer oh hey I'm
good that with kids
