hello YouTube jazz' here so I am
unscripted today and really need to get
something off of my chest so this is
going to be some real talk I hope you
can stick around for some real talk and
then maybe we can share some stories
down below let's have a chat one of my
followers a few days ago asked me advice
on what they should do when they here or
our subjects too homophobic language on
the street and I was basically trying to
give as sound advice as I could by
saying like always be safe read the
situation most paramount is making sure
that you don't end up being a victim of
violence rather than just verbal slurs
right and I couldn't really elaborate
very much on that kind of stuff because
I don't think I have ever been subject
to verbal homophobic slurs whilst just
walking around on the street it's
genuinely never happened to me
um and the amount of homophobia that I
have been subject to as a gay man in the
UK is really really limited and so
whenever I've given advice about this
I've always been really aware of like
really exists
well that thought vs. came back to keep
me on the ass the last couple of days
because I've been like homophobic Lee
catcalled is probably not the right way
of describing it um but twice in two
days walking in like both affluent and
more poor areas of London and it's
really just kind of knocked me sideways
both of these scenarios involve me
walking down the street holding my
boyfriend's hands both of those
scenarios involve people being in cars
and shouting at me from the car as they
drive past um the first time when they
drove past and shouted queer which you
know fine
exactly very modern of you to be using
the term queer to talk about the LGBT
community well done car driver the
second time happened today I'm fresh off
the back of this experience and two cars
drove past us
then slowed down and as we walk past I
was just very confused as to what was
actually happening because they seemed
to be talking to each other in separate
cars which is very strange and then also
would just say oh it's sick or you're
not natural and yeah that was really fun
experience for me as I was going on a
nice walk with my boyfriend for like a
public park that was really fun guys so
I guess the positive of this is the fact
that I can now answer those tweets from
personal experience I now know how I
will react to people saying homophobic
slurs to me on the street and both times
I said fuck off my gut reaction was just
like it wasn't even anger it was like
really surprised like we've I just come
off the back of the lovely evening
watching the Eurovision Ireland had
passed gay marriage for a popular vote I
live in the UK where I have all the same
rights as everybody else about from
blood donation but that's another thing
and then I'm being yelled at in the
street because of my sexuality something
I cannot control something that isn't
outwardly visible until I hold a guy's
hand on the road and I was just what
this is a thing and I was so shocked
because I in my 26 years genuinely don't
think I have ever been on the receiving
end of homophobic language the thing is
outwardly unless I'm being affectionate
with a boyfriend or outside a gay club
and you can't tell that I'm a sexual
minority walking down the street so I've
been able to get away with this quite a
lot in the in my adult life I and I
can't even imagine what it's like for
people who are trans people who are
genderqueer who choose to dress in non
gender conforming cloves for oh god
women and people of color are just like
it's really opened my eyes to the fact
that this stuff
all the bloody time and I feel so
ignorant and it's really like hit me
sideways and if you are a white straight
guy park you're lucky and you know what
I'm no closer to knowing how is the best
way to react to that other than my gut
saying tell the guy to fuck off I could
I'm not gonna just stand there and take
it I'm going to make sure that he or she
knows that the thing that they have done
shouldn't be accepted in this society
homophobic language shouldn't be
accepted in this society but then is he
going to change his mind by me saying
fuck off at him as he drives past and
calls me disgusting no I was part of a
Stonewall campaign called no bystanders
the main thrust of that campaign is
whenever you hear koma phobic language
in whatever setting it is even if it's
not directed at you or has nothing to do
with you even if you're like a straight
a liability to LGBTQ people you need to
call them out on it and tell them not to
do it
because that's the only way that we are
going to be able to create safety for
gay people I as soon as I had that
called at me from two cars in two days I
every single time after that that I held
my boyfriend's hand in the last like 48
hours I've felt like like do I want to
do this I'm I'm making some kind of
political statement I just want to be
intimate with the guy that I'm dating
and I felt so uncomfortable in the
streets that the town that I live in
just for doing something that any other
couple would have been able to do
without any kind of harassment and
that's what it was I was harassed I was
harassed so I will continue holding my
boyfriend's hand and I will continue
telling people why they shouldn't use
specific language and why it needs to be
eradicated but it's really like brought
into focus the fact that now that we
have gay marriage
that isn't the
there is still need for LGBT activism
and for gay people to be represented
properly in the media and for there to
be healthy discussions and for there to
be role models and for this there's
still a fighter before I think a lot of
people think that now that we have game
out in the UK everything is dandy and my
last 48 hours have kind of proven that
everything is not dandy that you can
still be gay or queer or lesbian or bi
or trans and you can still feel unwanted
in the streets that everybody else is
walking down and you can still feel
self-conscious in the fact that oh I'm
showing public affection here
what if somebody shouts faggot at me I
don't want my kids if I one day have
them to live in a world where that is
even where they even have to think about
that and I have none and you know what
quite frankly I'm still no closer to
giving proper advice for that version
who sent me that tweet what's lucky
though is the fact that you guys are
here how do you deal with catcalling if
you're a girl with homophobic or racist
comment being shouted at you once across
the street what's your story how did you
actually do you say fuck you simple
because in retrospect a bit like I could
have picked something a little bit
Whittier I have something in my arsenal
next time let's have this discussion
together how can we deal with this
because I don't want to have to feel
like that again and feel self-conscious
about holding my boyfriend's hand or
being affectionate and nobody shit right
that's all I have to say on this matter
thank you very much for watching I have
been my movie lounges like this share
around subscribe do all those things I
look forward to talking to you in the
comments - Billy
just some housekeeping as well I am
going to be doing some free lectures for
like teenagers people in education
around vlogging doing an introduction to
vlogging if you're interested in getting
started in vlogging then I'm going to be
doing some lectures in London on
Wednesday arm Bristol on Thursday and
Manchester on Saturday now all the
information is going to be downstairs as
I said it's free um we can hang out
afterwards we get to talk about vlogging
how what inspiration you can get how to
start what equipment what editing with
that kind of stuff
um it's a really cool thing that I'm
doing with a organization called access
to music I apart from singing ukuleles
in the bath I dunno
music but yeah check that out um thank
you very much for bearing with me
