mellow fam Jazza here this video is an
extended version of the interview I did
with an activist in Egypt basically I
was invited to the world Youth Forum
despite the fact that I'm a massive
public gay person and they are arresting
LGBT people over in Egypt at the moment
I'm wondering if they are regretting
that at all but basically I got to add a
load of questions about what the
situation is like on the ground in Egypt
with this guy and his this interview was
peppered throughout that video that you
can watch up in the corner here it's
very insightful
I recommend it too long watch get a cup
of tea I have a listen see what's going
on good let's watch it then let's kick
it off you describe yourself to me um
when I returned Twitter you described
yourself as an activist what are you an
activist for what are you an activist
against scribe myself as an activist
because that's the only term that they
usually apply to that but I don't view
myself as an activist mm-hmm I'm just a
person who is you know has a deep love
for his country and who's deeply
interested in what's happening on the
political scene it's as simple as that
I try to express my opinion whenever as
possible and and and I as I told you
before I was I participated in the
revolution or the 25th of January and
then ever since then and even before
that I was always interested in the
bulletin on what's going on little scene
and then after that we became in trench
we really are this is all what was the
focuses was on during the years
following the revolution after after the
the election of the Hermit mercy that
the Muslim Brotherhood visited president
yeah yeah yeah III was pretty much
against a lot of what was going on
during his rule so again I continued on
the on the position of what was
happening and then again after he was
overthrown I am pretty much against
what's happening in in the reign of
president Sisi services as simply as as
I'm trying to tell you I'm not I don't
label myself as an activist it's just
this is the only term that they use in
the media and to describe people who are
interested who are politically engaged
yeah yeah so basically if I yeah if I
were in Egypt and doing the stuff that I
do I'd also be late be labeled like an
activist right or like a dissident or
something along those lines yes yeah it
probably just let's be fair um I would
need to also ask um just to be clear why
do you feel like you have to keep
yourself like I'm I'm just covering all
of the bases here and making sure that
you don't get in trouble essentially but
why do you feel like you have to be
anonymous parts to this equation
basically as you know dissidents in
opposition in music is not especially in
the past three or four years it's not
something that is taking up lightly it's
not something that is the distance are
being thrown in jail or the forced to
leave the country via
the regime or by just preventing them
from working and preventing them from
doing anything that can provide a living
so then they have to leave its this
earth a it's either by force or by just
suffocating their their social status so
basically it's been a very hard a couple
of years for people who are not
following the the current regime rooting
for it so that's one of the aspects
alright the other aspect is most of the
the residents who talk to foreign media
are then discredited to a certain extent
as being committing treason making the
country look bad stuff like that so they
use this stuff to discredit them locally
even ended up giving exposure to to to
to to to what's happening
internationally but locally you have no
audience right so it's basically these
two parts of the equation mm-hmm no I
understand um so you you told me that
you were also asked contacter like
attend or to like tweet about or to give
exposure to the world youth forum can
you tell me a little bit about that what
happened and what your reaction may have
been credit where credit's you
open to the idea I took a look at it and
and I was very skeptical like this is a
visitor you're basically making Youth
Forum with the topics that terrorism and
refugees and stuff like that which are
of importance but again all of other
topics are not being covered and they
are when you when the World Youth Forum
comes to mind I would think that this
covers the topics should be covered more
importantly right and like stuff like
entrepreneurship stuff like politically
engagement stuff like little empowerment
they were not there in the initial
agenda I don't know about the content
but even in legendre that was put on the
website they were not there right more
they were there minimally a lot of the
other prophets of most of the topics
we're talking about the Egyptian
government role in fighting terrorism
human governments experience in doing I
don't know what would the refugees like
that which is basically would be of
interest for maybe world leaders or
something on a political level but if
you're getting youth you should talk to
them with their language so that was my
initial thought about the topic and
thought was from where is the money
coming alright who's paying for this
basically because we we constantly hear
from the Egyptian regime about how the
regime doesn't have money for education
during doesn't have money for a
healthcare social like that's not an
alien there's not an alien concept for
somebody living in the UK where three
thousand
young people are coming to Egypt to
attend a conference that is very lavish
and there their whole cover me their
whole trip is covered and you're
questioning why is this and then and
what what's the use of it to it how is
it going to benefit the country where is
the money coming from
so these were basically my two questions
and I posted these online and then
someone from the the organizing
committee started commenting that
basically all the money is coming from
Egyptian and international businessman
which didn't make sense to me right
because if they're putting money they
will be named as sponsors right so I was
responsible by but by this question and
me he never get got back to me and then
he invited I'm sure he was very busy in
the end of his patronizing commandment
very patronizing commendable how
desiccants only spread negative stuff
stuff like that he was like why don't
you come and see for yourself you were
more than welcome to come and see and
express your opinion mmm so I was like
okay I will take you up on what you said
I want to come then he never got back to
me
so man so hey you also were very close
to having a holiday by the Red Sea it
would have been lovely
no no of course not but let's be fair it
would have been nice what's happening
basically if you read about how they
chose the use that they are at least
from Egypt I don't know mr. burr to you
and it's not really obvious what's the
criteria of cruising use from abroad but
when you hear about how they chose the
youth from Egypt they're basically use
it the choosing use to are not tested
ins who are pretty much with what's
happening
with the regime over there a political
day there neutral right so that they
wouldn't have a strong position on
what's happening in the country rich
mostly normally what they use the attend
such forests because this is not the
first time this is the first this is
only the first time to be done
internationally hmm but it's been going
on for the past year or so that the the
government organizes forums like these
and advice used to it and normally the
youth that are invited are all from
chosen from something called the
presidential program for empowerment and
it's basically they shoes you so are
allied or pro-regime
so it's basically to me this is a
totally hypocritical answer it's just a
farce it's just they're trying to make
things look democratic but the end up
using us who are pro-regime
to give image yeah yeah so they say what
do you think is why are they even
hosting this event if it's gonna cost a
lot of money and if it is getting like
it I feel like this was obviously going
to get pushback right why do you think
that they've bothered to do it's a host
an event like this ideas in my mind and
and one of them is actually reply by one
of the organizing committees right he
was when asked about why they did it why
did the Youth Forum here by the very
comical reply which I've man I really
don't understand how he said that he
said basically and let me read this off
his statement the the Youth Forum will
do what the terror that the to tourism
failed to
so hey could you could you say again
just because we had the ding in it yeah
he said the Youth Forum will do what the
tourism failed and he's basically
talking that this is only a mean of
marketing and he said that on on record
right does he know the television ads
exist he was asked about this from an
independent media agency called meta
master and they asked him about the TV
hat looks very alien all the things that
they're not in Egypt yeah all the youth
that appear in it I would understand
that for diversity but at least show
some Egyptians yes yes so basically they
were talking to him about that and he
was saying and his reply was that this
is to marketing right this is a
marketing campaign for Egypt right none
of this means anything he didn't say
that
no but that's what was kind of employee
yeah exactly
everything in the messages look alien
but it's not really there and he said
that this is basically a tourism
campaign so it's a really weird way to
to make it tourism campaign when you're
choosing a logo was like we need to talk
and you're talking about engagement and
stuff like that because then you again
this highlights the hypocrisy of it so
this is one angle of looking at it
the other angle which is more of my
personal view on it is that basically
the regime in Egypt wants to look
necrotic he they want to look as if
they're in they want to look as if they
are as a rata connected regime they are
technically not
elected right but they're not democratic
at all all the practices of the regime
ever since it was put in power is
actually anti-democratic err if we we if
we go back just one year one year when
there was this problem over I don't know
if you're familiar with it the problem
of Tiran sauna fear which basically are
two small islands in egypt which was
given the the saudi regime without any
consultation or taking the public
opinion into consideration and then of
course of course protests broken wide
and if you study what the regime did
with people who are not even auntie
regime they're just auntie the idea of
giving a land that they thought is
egyptian to a foreign country we can
talk about if they're not yeah like it
would be like it would be like the UK
just deciding that we were gonna give
Wales to Ireland for example yeah yeah
the people who protested thought it was
Egyptian okay so that's you did not even
debate with me they were just taken a
lot of them were taken and imprisoned a
lot of them were basically tarnished all
over the media they are traitors they
they they are members of the Muslim
Brotherhood I don't know what mm-hmm
so this is basically you need the
regime's closing always in front of the
youth to express their opinion and then
they host forum under this motto and
then they tell you is just for marketing
so it's just so do you think do you
think there's anything positive that
could have come out of the World Youth
Forum you said that you were willing to
go there and to see it and to experience
it or is this whole thing bullshit
of course it was positive thing that is
positive stuff that can come but even
considering what's happening right now
if it comes up will it be actually
applied I don't think so because
whatever recommendations they come up
with
they will not be applied because the
regime is functioning in a way that only
what we think is right
all right so whatever I think is right
and I recommend it to you it will not be
taken consideration so because they're
functioning in such a small kind of like
window of what is acceptable the chances
of there being very much positivity
coming out of it is reduced and flying
youtubers from the UK is probably the
most financially efficient way of doing
it things that will be applied on on the
ground well all the other forms that
were done before that which were not
international which were local and which
were attended by pro-regime members
right had recommendations and even then
these recommendations were not applied I
remember one of these forums had a
recommendation were basically the
recommendation was to look into the
situation of all political
prisoners so all of the we have a lot
about this in the you like a broad like
of the Egyptian regime's kind of like
tendency to arrest or to detain people
who are journalists or human rights
activists or thought leaders right those
kinds of people
- karani a lot of names and we have
thousands of others who are not
recognized internationally and they're
all in jail and the only ones who are
freed our people have foreign
nationalities like can see others don't
have who don't have equally worthy of
being released because actually they
were not supposed to be imprisoned in
the first place and thrown in prison
and no one tries to look into their case
one of them as I'm telling you one of
the u.s. forms that was organized by the
government before had a recommendation
were basically the committee should be
formed to look into their situation and
release people who did not commit any
crimes yeah mm-hmm um I wanted so
obviously for me one of the big things
about this forum was well like actually
I thought I was going to be invincible
because at the end of the day I'm a I'm
a white man and so I feel like nothing
is going to affect me but apparently
there have been loads of a big crackdown
for LGBTQ people especially gay men
Egypt why do you think that the Sisi
government is choosing to use LGBT
people and specifically gay men as like
a group that he wants to go after LGBT
as much as it's about anyone who is
against the norm of what's happening in
the society anyone who is so to a
certain extent threatening to the image
of the regime anyone like it happens
with the Nubians it happens again with
the people who protest it happens to it
with the people who have different
religious affiliations yeah affiliations
whether the atheist that is whatever
there is there's this narrative in Egypt
right well to be a good citizen you have
to be dressed in a certain manner
talking in a certain manner your beliefs
in a certain manner and if you're
anything outside this norm then you are
discriminating against missus
termination can come in in in
persecution like what's happening with
the LGBT it can come as discrimination
work it can come combination living in a
social arena as even discrimination and
where you are allowed to live like
what's happening with them for example
Christians who are moved or dislocated
from their house because of their
religion so it's basically this
discrimination is is it's it's it's a
hallmark of the election regime not just
this regime yeah even the Muslim
Brotherhood was like that they had a and
Mubarak regime as well
as usual yeah totally worn off and
basically what we're witnessing right
now is a multiplication of what was
happening
barks era even in a more vicious form
and if the Muslim Brotherhood were
allowed to continue they would have been
equally vicious about it so it's
basically this discrimination is it's
one of the things that we as people
residents and people who are who are
with the revolution it's one of the
things that we were against from the
beginning yeah and it's one of the
things that our were being criticized
for by the way like a lot of people come
up to me on social media and I start
asking why are you defending members of
the Muslim Brotherhood who did not
commit crimes whose I should defend them
they didn't commit any crimes if they
committed crimes I will be against them
I was proposing to the the regime of
Mohamed Morsi up till the end right I
was one of actually a member of the
grassroot movements overthrown him that
was used as a pretext to to overthrow
him right but then if we're talking
about people who are civilians who did
not commit any crimes of course I'm
going to be for their rights it's as
simple as that
no because I'm against their ideological
salt I'm going to be with the
discrimination or the persecution of
their rights critical things that a lot
of people don't have a problem with the
persecution of LGBT they don't have a
problem with the persecutions of Muslim
Brotherhood we did not commit any crimes
they don't remember the persecution of
whatever group that is they feel is
threatening to the national narrative
mm-hmm a lot of people watching this are
going to feel like a very similar way
and are gonna to how you do and gonna
want to be able to do something what
you think is the best thing that people
watching this video most probably in the
West can do to help kind of like people
who are being locked up or who are being
persecuted in Egypt beyond turning down
a free holiday to Sharm el-sheikh
obviously I'm doing my bit unfortunately
because all other means have been
stripped from us whether it be is there
the freedom of assembly the freedom of
protest well all of these rights that we
took for granted after the Revolution
have been stripped away from us so all
what they can do is what we normally do
give exposure the the situation in Egypt
to give exposure to the political
prisoners the human rights situation put
pressure on the international community
and on the Egyptian government to at
least try to address these these
problems to start taking it in
consideration to start looking into the
situation of the political prisoners
start giving people a window of real a
real window of not just a marketing
pitch to give the people the youth the
window to express their opinion make a
better future because that's really all
anyone wants yeah we want the better
future for us in in Egypt and globally
so when you imprison people yeah this is
another way to go about when you
discriminate against them there's not a
way to go about so I think this is
basically the whole message I think the
people in the West who really want to
stand with Egypt
part of standing with Egypt is part of
pressuring the battery you should part
of giving exposure to that and the
causes that normally are not there and
are not covered by the media
mm-hm as simple as that hold on don't
click away just yet
make sure if you like these kinds of
videos where we have these kinds of
conversations that you click subscribe
it's going to be somewhere around here
also if you haven't watched the video
where I talk about being invited to this
event and make sure you watch that video
which is also going to be around here
and then also YouTube's algorithm things
that you'll enjoy the other video that
is around here because the so much stuff
for you to do all right cool I'm gonna
go now bye
