hi Lina hey what do we do okay why do we
do it
because I invented it but also because
it's about doing music for the love of
it it's a series I started my channel
ages ago inspired by the keep streets
live campaign which you're gonna look at
below but it's all about basically
taking back music and not making your
polished and perfect and putting like
baby or whatever else we're just
remember sometimes about that perfection
of decorators yeah so basically we're
gonna sing this song we're gonna fuck up
and you're just gonna have to do with it
because we're having a lovely time right
fuck good demonstration of each other I
got so many questions my mind
stop it stuffin make I was happy with
that one Jane I was really happy with
that one day there we go boom done
my subscribers oh yeah no because that
sexist
you may recognize Lina from the video
that we did a few months ago about
Beyonce you can watch that video here no
but they're barely look at where I'm
quite bad okay cool so check out that
video as well Lena's channel is just
kiss my frog I'm going to click on our
faces here in the bath I encourage all
of him that are in the band
um I encourage all of you to just piss
about and play some music and don't
worry about it being perfect just bloody
enjoy yourself because God knows vying
with oranges has been really political
and serious for the past couple of bombs
right no we're not about that we just
kicked back and relaxed video subscribe
yeah exactly I'm gradually slipping down
in the banner so I'll see you guys soon
- I know wait I have been where I'm
peaking with oranges I've been many
people in my life right now I'm just
gives my frog yeah well we just did well
this is actually my bath clean which is
really concerning
