hello YouTube Jazza here in case you
haven't realized we have an election in
the UK really soon on the 7th of May I
am going to be voting conservative and
yes granted I am still a little bit
pissed off with David Cameron for not
having done leaders live it's cool now
there's stuff that we agree with his
what I think is great in the
conservative manifesto let's get going
at the largest part of our current
coalition the Conservatives have a
record to defend and you can't argue
with the fact that they have made us one
of the highest performing and
fastest-growing nations over the past
five years good on them surely this is
something good for us we need to be
looking at the positives of how we
viewed internationally so that
businesses want to come here and invest
so that people want to come here live
and work and pay tax and so that we can
get on internationally in the world you
may have seen a running theme throughout
these videos I think that we should have
a referendum to see whether we should be
part of the EU or not the Conservative
Party itself is split I think that we
should stay in and it's important that
the people would take power on this
question we should be trusted by the
politicians the Conservatives want to
trust us
when it comes to democracy the
Conservatives are the only party that
are looking to decrease the number of
MPs in Parliament we have a bloated
democratic system and all of our
constituencies should represent the same
number of people this is only fair right
these are both things that the
Conservatives want to change in the next
parliament while we on democracy the
Conservatives want English votes for
English laws this is far from little
England ISM and English nationalism and
actually just means that MPs in Scotland
and Wales can't vote on things that only
affects England like the NHS and
education this is something that has
been broken in our system for a long
time and it's about time that we re ad
rest this balance the Conservatives are
notoriously pro-business and I believe
in the entrepreneur living within all of
this the Conservatives want to triple
the number of start-up loans to small
businesses to 75,000 we need to get our
economy going again yes for the
shopkeepers yes for the app builders yes
for the people who are taking control of
their lives employing people and feeding
into the economy what
talking about business the Conservatives
want to have three million
apprenticeships that means that people
who haven't done well in school who
aren't necessarily academic have a
chance in life for too long somebody
would have failed at their GCSEs and
just been forgotten right an
apprenticeship and an increase in
apprenticeships means that there are
chances for more young people to be able
to make something of their lives there
are legitimate reasons to vote for all
parties it's your job to look through
and pass the media rhetoric and educate
yourself check out the resources in the
downbar and if you've got a spare 10
minutes why not play Verto
you too could end up being a bit of a
camera net sounds like castanet which is
why I'm dancing
don't ask what goes on in this head of
mine I have been rhyming with oranges I
am going to be voting conservative on
the 7th of May who are you gonna vote
for
what do you agree with in this video
let's hash it out in the comments below
boom boom five parties done maybe
there's going to be another video
tomorrow maybe subscribe to find out
like this video share it around
with their minds bye
fact is I am a fan of referendums I
think that local governments should be
implementing these where it's
appropriate no actually I don't think
that
