hello YouTube Jazza here in case you
haven't realized we have an election
coming up on the 7th of May I am voting
you Kip let me tell you why I tell you
are it's not just because me and Nigella
bezzie mate we should decide through our
own immigration policy the quantity and
quality of who comes to Britain I could
talk to you for ages but let somebody
else
education is a strong area for you Kipp
proposing to allow any secondary school
to become a Grammar School allowing
those who are brightest in their classes
to be able to excel and to be pushed to
their full potential they also
acknowledge the old system of a one-off
test the 11-plus was not the best way of
being able to allow all kids to succeed
so they're going to propose there to be
several tests throughout secondary
education to see if you're bright enough
and developing quickly enough to be in a
glamor school I think that this is fair
I think that our brightest students
should be pushed to the max they also
want to offer the option of being able
to do apprenticeships in place of GCSE
exams now not everybody is built for the
classroom and it's about time that our
education system was adapted to show
that also on education you Kipp wants to
encourage more UK students to study STEM
subjects science technology engineering
and mathematics this is because this is
dropped off in the last few years and we
need to have more of a competitive edge
in the international market they will
remove all tuition fees on STEM subjects
making sure that people are incentivized
to take these kinds of subjects and also
as long as they stay in the UK five
years after their graduation and paying
taxes into the system so that they've
you know contributed last year ninety
eight thousand students went on to
universities to study STEM subjects so
that's not only the UK's science and
technology sector benefitting for more
professionals in the UK it also means
that a lot of kids are going to be
graduating with less debt this is a good
thing know you can also want to raise
everyone out of tax on the minimum wage
that will affect over a million people
meaning that they are going to have more
of a disposable income that they can
then pay back into services on the
ground in their local areas and that
kind of stuff this also I think is
positive in the world we live in
that defense is important and do you Kip
are the only party that want to raise
national spending on defense to 2% which
is by the way what NATO recommends for
all of its member states they're also
planning on keeping Trident which i
think is important feel free to disagree
with me you keep also want to make our
elections fairer we have a system that's
outdated and molded around a two-party
system this is clearly no longer what is
the case in the United Kingdom we need
to have proportionate representation
which is what is proposed by UK from
this election if you don't know what
proportionate representation is check
out this video from CGP grey he explains
it with animals it's fun some members of
parliament are dicks and so it's you Kip
that want to give power back to the
people if 20% of a voting population
want to recall their MP and trigger a
by-election then you keep say that they
should be able to do so I think that
this is a good idea and a great thing
for direct democracy and yes I have to
admit every now and again you Kip will
have a slip-up with a candidate who uses
unsavory language or or has unsavory
views the thing is they will always got
that person out of the party you have to
give them kudos for that and finally
everybody knows this policy but you
can't want to leave the EU through a
referendum now the thing that I agree
with is that we need to have a
referendum on this and put this subject
to bed as soon as possible because we're
ripping ourselves apart because of it
where I differ review gives is that what
I will be campaigning to stay in the
European Union but we should be having
that referendum there are legitimate
reasons to vote for every party it's
your job to look past the rhetoric and
to educate yourself so that you can make
an informed decision on the 7th of May
find links to resources in the
description box below and if you've got
a spare 10 minutes why not play Verto
you'll be able to take a very quick quiz
and it will show you what kind of
percentage you agree with each of the
parties maybe you're a little bit you
could - I have been rhyming with oranges
I'm voting for you Kip on the 7th of May
who are you voting for let me know in
the comments below
totally
are you confused or surprised by this
video if you are then maybe you should
come back at 5 p.m. GMT tomorrow and see
what else I have to offer there'll be
another video coming that is similar to
this one if in the meantime you want to
have a discussion about the stuff that
I've raised in this video
go downstairs comment below and remember
we're all family hit let's agree to
disagree peace
