hello internet Jazza here isn't Twitter
an amazing thing a real-time news tool
that allows you to debate a whole range
of topics with the whole world whether
that be current events or Kim
Kardashian's bum although I do seem to
use it more for fantasizing about Duncan
James or he's so dreamy and getting into
mini Twitter wars with Ben Cooke about
Joe sugg hey Ben for the record myself
and Ben are still friends is very
possible to publicly disagree with
somebody on the internet and still like
them despite what tends to happen on
tumblr I'm assuming most of you have
heard of the big time youtuber Joe sugg
who is the brother of zoella which kind
of makes me want to call him Joe Ella
but I'm not going to because I'm trying
to be less of a dick he released a video
this week with this thumbnail of him
kissing his flatmate Caspar Lee and with
the title my big announcement it was
clear from a number of comments on the
video that his choice of thumbnail and
ambiguous title led to a lot of people
assuming that this was going to be a
coming out video surprise surprise it
wasn't it was actually a video of Saud
announcing that he was working with a
writer and an illustrator to bring out a
graphic novel which of course is
available for pre-order on Amazon hey I
had a huge issue with this and took to
Twitter publicly told Joe that I thought
that his choice of thumbnail and title
was dishonest and damaging I called him
out on what I saw as gay baiting and
suggested he changed both the title and
the thumbnail and of course nothing
happened this is when Benjamin cook of
becoming tofu Fame came to Joe's defense
and said it's a photo of two straight
guys kissing it's not gay baiting it's
just cute right let them do what they
want
however the pictures in the thumbnail
were photoshopped by somebody on tumblr
and pulled from this image so to our
knowledge there's never actually been a
Joe sugg Caspar Lee kiss what kind of
rub salt into the wound for me was the
way that Joe reacted to the discovery of
these photos on the internet he said
stop it it's getting creepy please stop
with all of these weird fan fictional
edits of me and my roommate kissing it's
just weird gay baiting is the use of
queer undertones in media in order
to imply to an audience that there's the
possibility of for want of a better word
gay action whilst simultaneously
downplaying these as humorous jokes or
as impossible misinterpretations by the
audience we've seen this happen a lot in
TV shows like Sherlock and Teen Wolf and
God knows it happens an awful lot on
YouTube because as is sometimes not the
classiest of mediums gay baiting is
exactly what Joe has done in this video
and I think he knew precisely what he
was doing because he apologizes for it
in the video with a Lalla neck so like
come on mate there is a major issue that
I had with this that goes past the hole
wider argument of clickbait and
misleading thumbnails there is the
possibility of a queer kid seeing that
thumbnail clicking on it with the hope
of their favorite youtuber coming out as
part of their queer lgbtq+ community for
the youtuber to use that clickbait and
to then shoot down the possibility of
them being queer as weird and gross
that's that's what made me angry then
that's what made me send those tweets
and that's why I said that I thought
that his choice of thumbnail and title
were damaging and I think I still stand
by that I don't think that Joe is a bad
guy at all he clearly saw the
opportunity to get more clicks and used
that I mean that's how you win at the
YouTube game through thumbnail and title
optimisation but I stand by my opinion
that he should rethink this particular
choice he has made and alter the title
and the thumbnail and I know that this
probably won't happen but I am nothing
if not persistent ly consistent I of
course want to hear what you think the
magic happens in the comments below so
let me know am I being oversensitive to
this I'm really aware that this is going
to be very salient for me because I'm a
part of the LGBTQ community but do you
think that his use of this clickbait is
justified let me know in the comments
below as always let's have a chinwag
together give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it give it a thumbs down if
you didn't and you want me to rot in
hell go on I dare you but seriously if
you did like it
subscribe to this channel because it
means we can have these discussions more
often I mean it's it's fun right
I have been rhyming with oranges to Lou
quick ending message um I didn't vote
for a while
apologies cliche YouTube apologizing um
that's because I've started a new job I
now work for an organization called bite
the ballot who are trying to get young
people to register to vote I'd really
appreciate if you went to the link below
if you're in the UK and you're aged
above 16 and you went to register to
vote you can register to vote at 16 also
click my face and go to bite news where
I have been making content for them
ah cool ok bye love you lots
