so this video I feel like has been made
quite a lot on YouTube in terms of lots
of people talking about their own body
insecurities and how you can't you too
can like get over the fact that you
think that you have like a chubby waist
or you don't think you're particularly
attractive or like whatever your
insecurities are and I feel like often
the option that is given is just learn
to love yourself and everything you'll
be lovely um and I like a lot of people
do have some body issues in terms of
like my confidence and what I am
comfortable doing and just so you know
this is way outside of my comfort zone
this is even though the men should just
be happy with who you are is all very
well and good and it's great um but that
didn't help me I think I look okay I
think I'm an all right looking guy but
there's still loads of things that I am
NOT happy about about my body and I
don't love them I didn't learn to love
the bits of my body that I hate I learnt
to be okay with not liking bits of my
body and I learned to be okay with not
being able to get like the body I do
they get shoved down our throats 24/7 in
mainstream media and online as well
and so I kind of wanted to with this
video challenge a little bit um the idea
that you have to learn to love yourself
you don't have to learn to love yourself
just learn to be okay with hating bits
of yourself does that make sense I don't
know if that makes sense but yeah I also
feel like a lot of people who talk about
body issues
in vlogs they won't tell you what their
body issues are and I think that that
could that's potentially helpful um so I
am going to share with you
really intimate things that I don't
usually do on YouTube but I want you to
know that everybody has these problems
everybody we're all on the same fucking
page no one is happy with how they look
even fitness models like people who go
up on stage and compete and like oh they
spend their whole lives not being happy
with their body and trying to make it
better and better and better like and
that's not fun
um so here's some things that I'm
self-conscious about in my body
great the main one is this this bit here
that's all
I like probably most men would love to
have defined washboard abs um but no
matter how much I exercise or how much I
watch the food that I eat I will always
seem to have this bit of podge
and now I know that it's not a lot and I
know that I look fine but I would have
that bit and I think that that's
something that lots of guys do and they
go have that one of the standout things
that makes me self-conscious about that
is when I was with a partner previously
and we were like spooning and his hands
were like on my stomach and I was like
are you enjoying my little belly and he
went no not really
and that that hurt a lot and I'm sure
that that may have happened to some of
you where somebody has just made an
offhanded comment and that stock review
forever and you every time you look in
the mirror or you look at yourself being
filmed and you'll just like hmm that's a
bit that someone didn't like as you can
also see I am incredibly white even when
I tan
I don't tan I don't burn I just go a
funny
shade of yellow I look a bit like I've
got jaundice and I feel like if you're
pale then it's very difficult to you
know you be sexy I don't know um but
yeah that's something that I'm really
self-conscious about you can probably
notice here I'm also I'm naturally quite
a hairy person but I really dislike that
um I like I trick I trim my underarms
and I trim my chest hair cuz I think
that I just look like grass has sprouted
all over like so I actively tried to
like limit the amount of hair on my body
my legs are ridiculously heavy so I do
sometimes look silly in a pair of shorts
that said there were some things about
my body that I'm quite like I think I
have nice eyes I like the fact that I
don't really have to try very hard to
have those V things apparently they're
carpeted whew the idea is like this is
now that I'm actually doing it it's fine
but my eye was stalling a lot in like
actually starting this video and like
taking my top off because I'm like oh
all of a sudden everyone's gonna see
everything about me and see that my the
bottom half of me kind of goes a little
bit but you know what I I should be okay
with it because I have a my body's fit
like my body is useful I want my body
out of more than anything I want my body
to be useful and I keep on trying to
convince myself of that but then I
always have the nagging thing at the
back of my hand is like I don't but some
absolutely nice wouldn't they but I
really want to not care and I am
constantly as long as I don't have six
pack abs which I'm probably not gonna
ever have I I am going to feel
self-conscious about this part of my
body and I have learned to be okay about
being self-conscious about that part
my body and to just say fuck it and I
wish that more people would tell people
in these kinds of videos just be okay
with not being okay cliches are fun if
you like this video please like it and
share it if you enjoy talking about the
serious issues and stuff like that I
like to do that too on this channel or
not subscribe the kids that helps me out
too
I'm off now because I decided to film a
video outside with my top off in
November and very clever I'm probably
gonna get hypothermia now fun times
okay I've been wrong with oranges
goodbye
I appreciate that this video may also
get me so I'm gonna put the top back on
I appreciate this video may also get me
some backlash because people often use
these videos in order to like France
around topless for funds um I decided to
make another video where I explain my
reasonings for doing this if you'd
indulge me um if you don't want to watch
that don't if you want to watch that
click there okay all right thanks I'll
see you later
bye
