I wasn't sure that I was going to make
this video and then two individuals
uploaded to YouTube specifically Chelsea
and Mike and they both encouraged people
to continue talking about this and I
don't know if I'm going to be adding
anything specific to the conversation I
don't know if I'm going to have any
particular insight but I at least agree
with them that we need to be talking
about the fact that in the last year we
have had five individuals in the UK
YouTube community who have to varying
degrees been accused of and admitted to
inappropriate sexual conduct with fans
and women they've been a lot of people
who've talked about this and have been
accused of being vague for certain
reasons there's stuff that I can't talk
about because I am linked with stuff
that is bigger than me but I am
specifically addressing in this video
the actions of Ed plant of Alex day Tom
Milsom Sam pepper and now after the last
24 hours
Jason who's also known as vi1 on YouTube
there was a point in the video that
Jason uploaded to his channel in
response to the allegations brought
against him it could be argued that he
admits to supplying a minor with alcohol
in order to be able to have sex with
them and at one point in the video I
understand that he was he has an
unconventional background and perhaps
wasn't made aware of all of the things
in society that are expected of an adult
man especially when dealing with an
under 16 year old and he at one point
says there was nobody there to tell me
that I was doing anything wrong or
something along those lines and I'm very
sorry but the law exists and we all know
I don't care what kind of sheltered
background you come from everybody knows
that the age of consent is 16 everybody
knows that you shouldn't coerce minors
into sex
and I'm an apology is a good start
Chelsea said in her video an apology is
better than ignoring it which is what
Sam pepper which is what a lot of those
who have been accused of these acts have
done they buried their heads in the sand
some of them have written songs about
how sorry they are but this guy's this
is sex with minors with children people
who are seen as children in the eye of
the state they don't even pay fucking
taxes I talk about the law specifically
because that is something that has been
missing from the past year on YouTube we
have made it very clear in the community
that we won't stand for these kinds of
actions and I think we're gradually
getting a lot better people have
overlooked this stuff for far too long
and yes there's a examples of if you
hear in the grapevine what can you do to
act on it right as an individual but I
think that our ability to be able to cut
these cancers out of our communities is
great but the thing is the world is
bigger than YouTube these men are still
going to be going out there and using
these tactics that they have used on
people in our community with people in
the real world with young people in the
real world possibly and I can't stand
for that in the only way the only way
that we can make sure that these people
whether they have learnt their lesson or
not the only way that we can make sure
that they don't do this again and that
they and that justice is served is to
bring the law into the conversation this
is so much bigger than us this is so
much bigger than just the UK youtuber
community one in 20 women in the UK is a
victim of rape or sexual assault do you
know how many assault cases actually end
up being brought into the court of law
and the defendant found guilty it's 7
percent 7 percent of assault cases say
that the guy was usually the guy not
always the guy but say that the person
who has done the assault oh no you're
fine and so why would these women why
would these brave women who have been
putting videos and posts on tumblr and
telling their stories why would they go
to the fucking police when they have a
less than one in ten percent chance that
their case is going to come to the
conclusion that they want what are the
chances of them wanting to do that it's
disgusting and we need to bring this
conversation that we're having this
amazing conversation that youtubers are
having at the moment we need to bring
that into the wider world because
otherwise people like Sam pepper and
people like Jason who know how to
manipulate young women into doing what
they want they are going to be coming
from the outside world into our
communities and they are going to be and
they these people are going to continue
doing the abhorrent things that they
have been doing I don't know what I'm
asking for because I know that I can ask
more of these very brave women who have
shared their stories with us and have
made sure that these men are taken out
of our community I can't ask them to go
to the police and to put themselves
through that the average sexual assault
case lasts two years and then after
those two years only 7% of them find the
assaulter guilty and when you have those
kinds of statistics what's the fucking
point you know we need to do more than
just cut these people out of our
community we have a long road ahead of
us and I think the galvanization that we
have seen within our community is
admirable but we can't just stop of our
gates we can't just stop at our own
borders of the online world women are
abused and assaulted all the time and I
as a man have only recently been made
aware of this through frank
conversations with female friends of
mine and I would like to have kids one
day and I would like to have
a world where if I have a daughter she
feels safe and the world is not safe at
the moment and we have a battle on our
hands and I will not stop when I stop
recording this video and we need to take
this into the wider world and we need to
take the lack of tolerance of this kind
of behavior into the wider world because
otherwise what the bloody hell is the
point of everything as I said vagueness
has been criticized while we've been
having these conversations but I intend
to do more than just make this video and
I will do my very best to make sure that
people know what I'm doing in order to
make our world a self a place but I
encourage you to yes make a video yes
have these conversations but don't you
dare stop there
because we have a duty to not just the
people that we socialize with and the
people who we call our own but everybody
else let's keep this ball rolling okay
good
