um we definitely missed the window of
good lighting we got distracted by my
I'll make sure my hair's good so you
watched the VMA performance didn't we
all yes obviously had to go on what did
you think of it what do you feel how do
you feel about Beyonce being a
silhouette in front of neon lights
saying feminist I feel good about that
because then for like anybody should be
able to stand as a silhouette behind any
word I'd be like I'm this thing and most
people should probably take it into
account unless you're close member of
their friends and family it can be like
you're not really that there are you I
could stand in front of a thing saying
chauvinist most people be like well
congratulations
so why do you think everybody's kind of
lost their shit about Beyonce now being
a feminist now because okay so I watched
some American news coverage it was it I
did it was the words the words slut smut
either way they said it was smutty oh
I'm gonna give you the benefit of the
yeah I think Beyonce is a symbol in
herself she already stands for quite a
lot and most of that empowerment some
people have problems with thinking that
feminism means empowerment which it
doesn't it doesn't it means assumed
respect
yeah when when you say empowered you're
going like I'm gonna demand power right
now I am a strong independent female yes
which is good but it's a reaction to the
assumed which is that women are weak but
but the reason that like news
corporations like Fox have reacted
negatively to it is because they very
much stand for the status quo right yeah
and like the whole cause of feminism and
like you've called it like fairness like
like it's that it stands against that
and therefore threatening to not really
a thing yes but um yeah I think they
have a lot of viewers too
corrupt I'm pleased yes that Republican
audience who want to hear the words
mighty attached to somebody who wants to
own their own sexuality so a lot of
people gave her pushback because of the
high sexual ization of the image that
she has he puts out there especially in
the VMA performance of drunken love
there are if anybody hasn't seen it
there's a load of women with their legs
like that and then their legs go like
that and then it's lots of this I can't
bear if they were just covered in
glittery baby oil they were tight so I
was like I need to know whether these
are leggings
what's over tentatively say and I'm
willing to go back on this obviously
it's like well I feel right now is that
her her presentation of sexuality a lot
tentatively saying yeah it's very
focused on the male gaze
so why she's owning her own sexuality
she'll so like come and get it you know
you want it look at me
keep your eyes on my ass that kind of
shit when she's on stage and she did
that specifically the drunken lunch
before and actually most of her
performance and I've and most of her
performances it is usually just women on
stage yeah and so there is not any
objectification of women on like in the
performance at that time yeah and then
when you also see the vast majority of
people who consume Beyonce's content
it's usually gay men and you like
straight women and so they're not gonna
be like they're gonna appreciate a
female body but they're not going to be
yeah that's what's interesting about
being me but it's aspirational though
cuz it she is that she is she is the
ultimate desirable woman yes everybody
has to be that or be friends with you
know and that is kind of put export in
some ways we just call because she is
actually a cool person and she is
obviously very beautiful but her export
is luxury right she would like her favor
the most famous album is her dressed in
diamonds like that is that she her
export is privileged that's what she
does she's privileged in the way she
looks she's proven in the way she dances
she's very talented
she's privileged in her family situation
she's definitely privileged in the
murmurings many situation yeah and while
she can't speak to where the audience's
she she doesn't particularly as as a
lifestyle like enact something something
so then as somebody who is an advocate
feminism yeah is she um is she useful in
that way if she could be used but like
because she is on a different strata in
terms of like the way of life that she
has and she's very unrelatable in a lot
of ways yeah
is she going to be a cause for feminism
in the same way that I don't know that
writers like Kathleen Moran who is
incredibly relatable to a lot of people
who obviously doesn't have the Beyonce
like her imperfections but she must have
experience of reading about sexism and
sexual ization over the years in her
industry yeah I can see from just agenda
and like that kind of perspective she
can speak to it yeah but she's no way
part of the whole discussion I didn't
think she came to be part of the whole
discussion whose okay yeah but she knew
what it meant when she came you know she
knows who she is she's queen bee you
know maybe you shouldn't mean to be the
queen of the people means to be Mosers
want to be whatever it's not a perfect
symbolic cross-section of what feminism
is but in my mind yeah but she is
reaching a wide amount people like may
not be the biggest in depth discussion
but is the width is ridiculous
do you think that having a much wider
appeal like that because you've also
talked about the fact that feminism as a
concept of course but you've said that
like just using the word feminism is not
enough no but don't you worry that her
like putting this out into the world
that's gonna have a lot of young girls
specifically who I'm thinking about when
I think about this a lot of young girls
are gonna be like oh yeah I'm a feminist
and they have no idea what that actually
means
yeah they don't know that that means
being an empowered woman and saying yeah
and not having to do the like drunken
love dance where you do the splits what
she sells isn't attainable for most
people yeah so yes I think
maybe there should be a bit more
description in the same way that you'd
say it Lena Maria feminist I think a
feminist is Jezza yes then I will tell
you whether I have won or not
it's that same there's probably a lot of
dialogue missing so do you think that
actually Beyonce it would have I keep on
using the word yes okay I'm using
goodbye useful don't think it's
necessarily the best word but yeah thank
you is she would it have been more
useful for her to have rejected the word
feminism and said like I am for women
have been blah blah blah blah blah but I
don't necessarily identify with being a
feminist do you think that that is
something that could have probably
helped more and created more
understanding amongst her audience no
because I think she'd further be
perpetuating more people most important
is or do you already believe which is
that feminism sounds really scary and
bad yeah probably not gonna do that it
probably would have sort of it an equal
amount with debate yeah and I would have
supported her in some ways because as
I've said like you don't have to use the
word feminist all the time people and
until very recently until I heard like
the up voice online feminism was so out
of the main yeah um and I guess we've
kind of gone full circle yeah and yeah
and I think it's that now it's just like
now it's a debate topic it's not assumed
today yeah I think the circle has been
completed we realize it's a half moon in
the heart moon if I'd have seen that
when it was ten I think it would have
been really helpful but not awful to be
now like I'm really going to be old and
but like it's revolutionary in the
context she did it in you know if she
come to my house and done that I've been
like I've been like this isn't for me
hey so for me but the people she was
speaking to yeah exactly
the concretions they're the people you
know and she knows that and we know that
and it's cool
she is giving famish promo she is
bringing the conversation to light she's
making videos like this giving feminism
realness yeah she's serving feminism
real yes yes yes she is
