hello YouTube so generally my audience
is pretty you're pretty red up right
you're pretty savvy about the world most
of you at least those of you in Europe
will know that we have an election this
week we get to choose our
representatives in the European
Parliament I've been sitting here and
trying to figure out the best way to
convince you guys that your voice is
worth being heard essentially which is
surprisingly difficult because the
problem with the EU and the problem of
these elections that nobody really knows
very much about them we had the
Eurovision Song contests little over a
week ago and Austria one with a bearded
dragon a D and that was wonderful for
acceptance and wonderful things but
something that I figured out was that in
the last elections europe-wide we only
had a turnout of forty-three percent and
the last time we had Eurovision the
number of people watching was 170
million which incidentally is actually
about the same number of people who
turned out the vote last year which is I
mean your vision was good and everything
and miss verse did really really well
but that's a little bit depressing right
the UK actually hasn't even worse voter
turnout in the rest of Europe since 1979
when we first had european-wide
elections to send people to Strasbourg
and has Brussels we have never had voter
turnout higher than forty percent which
kind of makes me question the legitimacy
of the parties that we are sending to
represent the electorate of 45 million
eligible voters in the UK but I guess
that's another topic for another video I
lived in a country without democracy for
a couple of years I lived in China and I
found it frustrating there that people
were uninterested in politics but who
can blame them when yes there's a mayor
who is corrupt and he is spending all of
your money on projects that you don't
want to happen but there's nothing you
can do about it right so the best thing
to do is to disengage yourself from it
but what ended up happening is that they
started engaging with other countries
democratic processes Obama is so popular
over there probably more popular than he
is in the USA to be completely honest
and there isn't an A in innate desire I
think in humanity to have your voice
heard and for those people who are
making decisions about your life to have
at least a certain form of legitimacy I
keep on keep bringing up the word
legitimacy and I want our EU to be
legitimate because otherwise they were
going to be things that you don't agree
with that go through maybe you're pro or
anti having a European army because
that's probably going to be voted on in
the next five years of European
Parliament so but you didn't know that
um there's the actor arm legislation
which is got a load really dodgy wording
about like internet freedoms and the
ability to share content online um and
that's being batted around European
Parliament at the moment there's the
huge trade agreement that is going on
between the USA and the EU the largest
trade agreement ever in the history of
humanity um and there's a load of
trouble with that possibly having
corporations being able to take money
away from governments and like take like
it's all a bit crappy there's also like
banking regulation and the capping of
bonuses and financial reform and like
Social Welfare small things like food
packaging and labeling and the fact that
you can work and study anywhere in the U
you like that I am NOT going to sit here
and tell you my political stance because
those of you who watch these videos will
no my political stance but you are going
to have an opinion on the things that
Europe votes on and so you'd better damn
well do your research on the people that
you're taking the box of this week
because otherwise if you decide to just
sit this out because you think that you
keep a boy d 1 then I'm sorry but you
have no right to be annoyed at anything
that Nigel Farage says on question time
ever again the most important thing here
is voter engagement and there was
there's a minor part in the UK called
the the pirate party and they had a very
good advert that shows the problem with
low voter turnout the fact that if only
thirty something percent of people turn
out you only need overall about ten
percent or even lower of the population
to vote for a crazy party and a crazy
party will go in now I'm not going to
say any names cuz the you could video
will come later but we sent to BMP
British national party like a fascist
party we sent two Emmys to Europe last
time and I really wish that we learned
our lesson but I don't think we have so
yeah that's how i've been feeling about
the european elections this is a little
bit of a different video look I'm
unscripted okay some questions what's
your issue with the EU how do you feel
about the you Kip search that we're
having in the apparent surge of the far
right all over Europe and why do you
think that not just the UK but the whole
of Europe is so disengaged and how can
we change that because i want this
political projects that we're taking
barton I want it to work and it doesn't
work yeah yeah bye
