hello YouTube so the Sochi Winter
Olympics are just around the corner and
for those of you that have been worried
about the gay rights record in Russia in
the run-up to the games well I can tell
you now that you need not fear because
the Russian President Vladimir Putin has
said that he himself has some gay
friends and that he enjoys the music of
Elton John so that's pretty much a
cast-iron guarantee that we're not gonna
have any gay people grabbed off the
streets and arrested so that's good I'm
in a recent interview he said this we
are not burning anything we're not
grabbing anyone we don't have any
criminal penalties for these relations
unlike many other countries in the world
you can feel relaxed and calm but leave
the children alone please Vladimir Putin
confusing homosexuality with pedophilia
there classic despite these assurances
they've been a large number of subtle
ways that the international community
has been giving Russia the middle finger
with regards to its LGBT rights record
where's Obama who has put together a
delegation that's going to be
representing him which is headed by
Billie Jean King the ex tennis player
and queen of all the lesbians and the UK
decided to send Maria Miller the culture
secretary UK sending the hard hitters
there despite all of this whom are
surrounding gay issues in Sochi there
are actually only six openly out
competing athletes in sochi they are all
women and they include and I apologize
for the way i'm pronouncing these names
i mean versed a dutch speed skater sanna
van gogh a dud short track speedskater
i'm barbara yessir sec slovenian
cross-country skier and anastasia bushes
a canadian speed skater and bell block
off an australian snowboarder i
apologize for ruining all of those names
so that's six out of 2500 competing
athletes which is nor point zero to four
percent which is way below even the most
conservative estimates for the
percentage of gay people per like
general population which is a little bit
depressing but the BBC
decided to send over Claire boarding is
one of their main TV presenters who is
an openly gay lady so swings and
roundabouts say aside from the gay issue
these games have also been described as
the most corrupt in history with a large
number of the multi-billion dollar
contracts being awarded to friends and
relatives of those high up in the
Russian government and even one BuzzFeed
article claimed that Medvedev the old
president offered a multi-billion dollar
contract to the man who used to teach
him how to ski and it's just kind of
levels of that corruption or just you
can do nothing but admire really Sochi
isn't the only questionable recipient of
a large major sporting event in the last
few years Russia will also be hosting
the 2018 world cup and that will be
followed in 2022 by the wonderful Gulf
nation of qatar now Qatar is an
interesting one because it's kind of
like Russia it's just much much worse
you can go to jail for up to five years
if you're a man who has sex with another
man and this is in the past been
extended to non Qatari nationals as well
and Qatar is also one of the very
forward-thinking Gulf nations that is
planning on having a test at borders so
that they can stop gay people from
entering their countries which it's just
silly what are they gonna do shows a
picture of Tom Daley or something and
see how we react ok yeah fair enough
that might work in terms of preparation
for the Qatar World Cup there have been
some sources that suggests that there
could be up to 600 people die every
single year until 2020 to on building
sites linked to the world cup and this
is because guitar and its construction
industry implement something very close
to slave labor I should also touch him
fazil which is going to be the host of
this year's World Cup in the next summer
olympics and although Brazil can seem
quite sweet and fluffy compared to
Russia and Qatar there have also been a
large number of protests in the country
against
large amounts of public money that are
going into things like stadiums and
infrastructure projects when the nation
is still facing lots of very big
problems in regarding crime poverty and
conservation so my question for you this
week is do you think that these
countries should be awarded these kinds
of large expensive international
sporting events on the one hand this is
sport and I think it's always a shame
when politics and sport get tied up with
one another and i genuinely don't think
that there's going to be a problem with
self expression for journalists or
attendees or for the athletes when the
world's gaze is fixed on these host
cities and host countries also I
genuinely think that it's a good thing
that we are holding these events in a
wider variety of Nations now they've
been hugged by Western and developed
countries for far too long and it's good
to have a little bit of variety no and
let's be fair would we be as aware as we
are about these human rights violations
if these countries were not hosting
these events probably not so let me know
what you guys think done in the comments
below you know that I'll always be
floating around there and we'll be
knocking ideas off of each other's heads
feel free to disagree with me that's my
favourite bit um if you could thumb this
video that would be helpful um and also
if you like this then please subscribe I
have been rhyming with oranges she got
soon goodbye what are they gonna do
shows a picture of Tom Daley or
something and see how we react ok yeah
fair enough that might work
