hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the right dishonourable i am going to be
co-hosting this with our my friend Jimmy
nickles who you can find on the
contrarian tube we are putting this
collaboration together because we would
like to be able to provide you guys with
before them to talk about current events
and also to just vent your ideas and and
get ideas bouncing around in your heads
so this week we're planning on talking
about gay marriage and the fact that
that has just recently passed in the
United Kingdom and where that movement
the LGBT movement is going to go from
here and then we're also going to be
talking about Edward Snowden is he a
doucher is here Savior who knows and
then finally we're going to have a to
and fro about the democratic systems
that we have internationally and whether
democracy is the best form of government
globally is China going to be turning
into a democracy look at what's happened
in Egypt is that going to turn into
something quite different now because of
the military intervention so I hope you
enjoy the podcast if you're watching
this online with oranges then click
through to the annotation here and you
can watch the full thing but if you're
watching on the right dishonorable let's
get on with it
hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the right dishonorable my name is jeiza
and i am going to be hosting this weekly
or but I don't know where how often
we're going to do this so I'm not going
to commit to that start again
