so on your channel you've recently
started doing a series of really quite
candid and really truthful but very
intense videos that give advice to
people who are writing in to you about
family issues about problems that they
have with them Jersey which is something
that you want to talk about yeah what
was your decision to go from a jokey of
seeing puppet gimmick to blogs and
singing to something so serious and so
heavy like that were you trying to give
something back back well it was in
november two thousand eleven Ben Cooke
said to me and Benjamin cook who creates
becoming YouTube he said to me I want to
kill cheap yup and do you want to do it
I've heard you're not happy doing
anymore and for a year I was just
running through the meal I was just
trying them out couldn't be bothered
yeah and then leave with the advice
thing I set up an ass kevin mchale
ask.fm yes and requires people to submit
questions and I noticed that there was
so much pain coming through whether it
was so far suicide and speaking to
Carrie and Emma blackery at people like
that that's all they get outta school I
work in the mental health sector I'm a
volunteer for mind UK and I just thought
what can I do with those skills and and
that because I have been through a lot
I've been in therapy myself for four
years and I've had issues with the fact
that I'm gay and I still have issues
with the back home game which most
people fighting believe and that's why I
did the advice thing I thought I can use
all the pain that I've been through and
I can read you get up and repackage it
and help other people it's a form of
therapy is a form of fear me how does
that make you feel when you give out
advice will I give out advice I need to
be needed and I'm in therapy for one of
that is why the reasons because it's a
it's almost become a full out because
I've worked myself to the point where
I'm physically and mentally exhaustive
which is why I had to stop doing the
advice videos so would you go back and
do something like that or was it too
exhausting for you it was too much
because basically I set up
see idea I don't do things by heart it's
easy i think i'm an all-or-nothing
person and i set up an advice tumblr and
where people submit questions and I was
getting 25 26 a day and they were all
about so far I've all about hey like
hating yourself what do you think that
says about the kind of people who are
watching YouTube at the moment do you
think that they are looking to the site
to find a community where they a lot
yeah I think do you think which is that
I look to it do you think it's still
provider I think it does actually I I
look to it for that I came to YouTube in
2006 to do cine covers with the webcam
but in 2008 and I self cheeky I was
looking for acceptance is looking for
something to hold onto I am worried that
when ice to go back to work I'm not
going to have as much time to do all
these things i do like this way have got
three collaborations and i said to my
mouth booked in because it's almost like
a job even though i'm hanging out with
friends and and when we do the video for
my channel after this then check out my
channel very safe don't see that's what
you to become just throwing that out
there now show you to my YouTube
brothers and sisters out there but that
is exactly way to become yeah i'll give
you an annotation here i'll do this and
that's way to become just because it's
sometimes be tough it's at home it's not
bad because you make a video with
someone it's often described as bad by
the community it is just because well
the older youtubers it is just because
we were there when using the newer
youtube do you think the markers and a
free enjoy having too long their own
marketing campaign every time ever
diving or no because its effort like
they probably just want to rub spoke to
marcus about parties in that they would
like to just put out the video and
that'd be that what do you think the
future of YouTube is going to be when
people are seeing people who are
watching youtube now they're seeing
people running businesses they're not
seeing people pushing it out on a web
camera or the community do you think
that that is going to change the types
of people that come in i think is you
really change some types of people
coming in and look at the you now
generation thing like that's a big
company coming in and scouting talent
now a lot of people have said why are
they bothering because all you've got to
do is go through the videos and just
fine fine teller but that's not the
point the point is it's an official
thing or you still be here in five years
yes i know i will teach you it doesn't
match me what it becomes because i'll
change with it but i won't change what i
do i'll just allow i'm not going to stop
making videos i'm going to keep going
because I've always been going whether i
get another million subscribers who I
don't it's always going to be something
i do I did it long before you could even
get adverts on YouTube yeah in 2006 I
remember putting videos up and record
companies taking the covers down and
then we just uploaded it again do it
because it's like people going to be at
least thing I don't care what you say
all the records i put in that Frank
Sinatra cover up one more time so I
understand how YouTube is looking to
make some point because we just got real
but at the cost of the community
obviously I'm going to say that that I
don't like that but because i am very
community driven but in reality again
this building is not gonna light itself
yeah and that's it I think we'll need it
thank you very much go if you want to go
and check out guys shown up and go down
to the description click the annotation
here welcome to new YouTube welcome and
thank you very much for watching guys
we've been 100 bye bye
hope you enjoyed the interview you sound
so bored we've no inside I'm gonna do
that gift okay good you do sound so
bored hi guys there's no no but that's
that's how I look that's how you to be
back doing a process baggage yes you
could just there like a can't be poppet
