on the eighth of april 2013 Baroness
Margaret Thatcher the longest-serving
British Prime Minister of the 20th
century and the first woman to ever hold
the position died after suffering a
stroke her funeral will take place on
Wednesday the seventeenth of April and
she will be the first non-royal to have
the honor of a state funeral since
Winston Churchill in 1965 some of my
international audience may not be a
hundred percent aware of this but
Thatcher was an incredibly divisive
figure she was renowned as being a
forceful leader a strong character and a
shape of the United Kingdom that we know
today dragging the country kicking and
screaming out of the completely
disastrous late 1970s when the UK was
renowned as being the sick man of Europe
but her policies were seen as extreme
and ruthless bringing great prosperity
to some and making lives much worse for
many others she decimated mining
communities in the north where yuppies
in the city became super bitch it's
actually a lot more complicated than
that but today I don't want to talk
about Margaret Thatcher's policies I
want to talk about the British reaction
to her death now there have been several
forms of protest organized around the
death and funeral of Margaret Thatcher
one of those that has been more
extensively reported on is the facebook
group Maggie's good riddance party which
aims to line the streets along where
she's going to be carried as she's taken
to st. Paul's Cathedral and turn their
backs on her this protest has been
reported on in a few newspapers and
media outlets as having several thousand
people planning on taking part but when
you look at the facebook group itself
there's only about 300 people who are
confirmed as going and you know how
accurate confirmed attendance can be on
Facebook not very much so the chances of
this Facebook group and this protest
being significant in any way are
probably quite slipped another more
prominent campaign that has been getting
a significant amount of attention has
been the attempts to get this song
to number one sadly for them it only got
two number two and the BBC decided to
only play five seconds of the clip on
their radio one chart show out of
respect for the family whilst also
compromising with the protesters
interestingly a direct counterpoint to
this protest which was a song by the not
sensibles called I love Margaret
Thatcher which got it and number 35 was
played in full so what do you guys think
of this specific decision was the BBC
right to only play a clip of the ding
dong the witch is dead song should they
have in fact not played it at all let me
know in the comments what you think most
people that I've been in contact with
have mentioned that we should respect
the traditions of freedom of speech that
we have in this country that the song
and the protest should be allowed to go
ahead however that they are in very bad
taste and that there's something quite
undignified about dancing on a dead
woman's grave I ask you guys what you
thought of this on Twitter and most of
you seemed to agree with this stands but
Ali specifically asked me to try and
explain the reasoning behind these
protests that could be interpreted is
quite disrespectful and so in order for
me to try and do that here's a quote
from one of the protesters who has been
trying to get ding dong the witch is
dead too number one at the end of the
day people were trying to get a voice
that song must have hit a nerve because
people didn't have a voice they have a
voice now number one in Scotland's
number one in Wales not all but most of
the coverage and the commentary
surrounding Thatcher's death has been
incredibly respectful and reflective but
there is still a large number of people
who are angry and bitter about the
policies that her government introduced
that in some cases destroyed their
culture and their livelihoods if the
figure that represented the destruction
of your way of life died and all you saw
in the mainstream media were tribute to
their greatness then would you too not
also want the other side of the argument
to be heard this is what the turn your
back protests and the ding dong the
witch is dead campaign are about its
people acting out because they did not
feel that their view was being
represented what do you think of these
protests are they childish or are they a
necessary counterpoint to the
Tina phrase that has been afforded
Thatcher also if there anybody
politician or otherwise who you think
would draw a similar reaction out of you
let me know in the comments I'll be
floating down there for a little bit of
a debate make sure your voice is heard
get involved if you enjoyed this video
and you like to have a little bit of a
debate every now and again make sure you
subscribe because I put something new up
about every week also if you'd be able
to like this video that would be
fantastic because it helps me out in
terms of making sure people know what
each other are watching I've been vibing
with oranges thank you very much for
watching goodbye
Oh
Oh
