less than one year has passed since I
first stood at this podium I call upon
all of us to set aside our differences
to seek out common ground and to summon
the unity we need to deliver for the
people African American unemployment
stands at the lowest rate ever recorded
the stock market has smashed one record
after another gaining eight trillion
dollars and more in value in just this
short period of time this in fact is our
new American moment there has never been
a better time to start living the
American dream we have eliminated more
regulations in our first year than any
Administration in the history of our
country we have ended the war on
American energy and we have ended the
war on beautiful clean coal we are now
very proudly an exporter of energy to
the world America has also finally
turned the page on decades of unfair
trade deals that sacrificed our
prosperity and shipped away our
companies our jobs and our wealth the
era of economic surrender is totally
over we built the Empire State Building
in just one year isn't it a disgrace
that it can now take 10 years just to
get a miner permit approved for the
building of a simple Road the sacred
duty of every elected official in this
chamber is to defend Americans to
protect their safety their families
their communities and their right to the
American dream because Americans are
dreamers - we must modernize and rebuild
our nuclear arsenal hopefully never
having
to use it but making it so strong and so
powerful that it will deter any acts of
aggression by any other nation or anyone
else in the past we have foolishly
released hundreds and hundreds of
dangerous terrorists only to meet them
again on the battlefield so today I'm
keeping another promise I just signed
prior to walking in an order directing
secretary Mathers who is doing a great
job thank you to re-examine our military
detention policy and to keep open the
detention facilities in Guantanamo Bay I
am asking Congress to pass legislation
to help ensure American foreign
assistance dollars always serve American
interests and only go to Friends of
America and freedom stands tall over one
more monument this one this Capitol this
living monument this is the monument to
the American people
you
