I cannot tell you how obsessed I am with
this chart it shows exactly what is
wrong with America's conversation about
health care on one level you've seen
this chart before it shows health care
spending as a share of the economy of a
bunch of countries there's Germany and
France and Japan Canada and oh there's
America but not want to add something
you haven't seen to this chart this is
how much of that spending in each
country is private and how much is
public here's what's amazing America's
government spending on health care on
programs like Medicaid and Medicare and
the VA our versions of socialized
medicine it's about the same size as
these other countries these countries
where the government runs the whole
health care system and then there's our
private spending it's the private
insurance system that makes health care
in America so expensive conventional
wisdom says the government is more
expensive than the private sector it
can't say no it's corrupt its
inefficient it's slow if you want
something done right you give it to the
private sector that is what we hear in
America all the time and yet here we are
with the biggest private sector spending
the most why is a free-market so bad by
controlling the cost of health care in
the United States if you look at the
data on physician visits and hospital
discharges you can get rid of one theory
Americans don't consume more health care
than people in these other countries we
don't go to the doctor more than the
Germans or the Japanese in fact we go to
the doctor less the difference between
us and them is it we pay every time we
go to the doctor for everything from an
angioplasty to a hip replacement from a
c-section to a pain reliever in America
the price group same procedure at the
same hospital
it varies enormous ly depending on who
is footing the bill the price for
someone with public insurance like
Medicare or Medicaid is often the lowest
price these groups he covers so many
people that the government can demand
lower prices from hospitals and doctors
and they get those lower prices if the
doctors in hospitals say you know there
was a ton of business they lose all
those people on Medicare all those
people on Medicaid but there are
hundreds of private insurance companies
and they each cover far fewer people
than a Medicare or Medicaid and each one
has to negotiate prices and hospitals
and doctors are on their own and if
you're uninsured you have you been less
levered nobody is in to go she
your behalf so you end up paying the
highest price one study found that most
hospitals charge uninsured patients four
times as much as Medicare patients for
an ER visit other countries they don't
have this problem instead of every
private insurance company negotiating
with every healthcare provider there's
just this big list country the central
government they go and they say if you
want to sell to us to all of our people
then here's what you can charge for a
checkup
here's what you can charge for an MRI or
a prescription for lipitor and so then
whether that bill goes to the heavily
regulated private insurance companies in
Germany or directly to the government
like in the UK each country is telling
the doctor or hospital or drug company
how much that bill will be and because
the government controls access to all of
the customers it's an offer that
hospitals and doctors and pharmaceutical
companies typically can't refuse in
America the idea is that you'll be a
consumer and you'll do what you do when
you go to Best Buy and buy a television
but that just doesn't work in healthcare
doesn't work in healthcare because you
often come and get health care when
you're unconscious in an ambulance when
you're scared when it's for your spouse
or your child it is a time when you have
the least bargaining power you are not
usually capable of saying no you're not
knowledgeable enough to do it you're not
comfortable doing it or you're not
conscious enough to do it that's why in
other countries the government is a
person who can say no for you you can
say no that's too expensive you're going
to have to lower your price because they
do have that power a new push for
single-payer health care right here in
the US
California and others are saying maybe
we should adopt the European model if we
decided to create a single-payer system
with one of these huge prices in the US
there'd be nothing to stop lobbying from
hospitals from doctors from drug
companies and those prices would get
influenced so we could end up with a
single-payer system that is expensive
even as expensive as our current system
it all depends on how much you negotiate
down the prices and now in America these
groups have so much power because they
are so rich but it's really hard to get
them to bring down the prices this is
the irony of American healthcare it's so
expensive that it's become hard to make
it cheaper all that money they make that
becomes political power and years and
years and years of overpaying
those are huge industries now and they
have a lot of influence in Congress
under a single-payer system if we did
drive prices down doctors and hospitals
they would be paid less in there right
now that might mean some of them closed
or some go out of business or some move
it would be really painful one person's
waste is another person's essential
service or local hospital or their
income but then single payer it's not an
all-or-nothing choice for instance if
there's a really interesting section of
Bernie Sanders Medicare for all bill
where you lays out this interim plan
it's a plan he wants away setting up his
new single-payer system and in that plan
he expands Medicare to cover vision and
dental and he opens it to nearly
everyone not just people 65 and older
all kids go on Medicare automatically
and most adults can buy in that plan on
its own it wouldn't get American health
care spending far down overnight but it
would at least begin to recognize what
we already know and what most of other
countries already do that health care is
one of those things the government can
do cheaper and better than the private
sector
