when you imagine the job of the future
what comes to mind probably something
like this maybe this but what about this
these are the jobs expected to grow the
most over the next decade and if you
look at the expected growth and the
annual salary there's a clear winner
nursing other jobs might pay more but
future demand is a fraction of what it
is for nurses thanks to an aging
population in the US and around the
world despite the good pay and the high
demand there's one group that has stayed
away from nursing men nursing is still
one of the most gender segregated jobs
in the country with one man for every
nine women in the field so what's going
on here why aren't more men taking these
well-paying in-demand jobs with staff
shortages plaguing many a way to a nurse
in crisis in ongoing shortage of nurses
of hospitals an international shortage
in response to the worldwide nursing
shortage scientists have listed the
health of robots these machines can lift
and move patients take vital signs
deliver medication and even make
scheduling and assignment decisions but
contrary to the doomsday headlines
there's little chance these machines
will replace human nurses anytime soon
in 2013 researchers at Oxford University
developed this scale it measures how
vulnerable certain jobs are to
automation the jobs where humans are
least likely to be replaced by robots
require either creativity expert
perception and manipulation or high
degrees of social intelligence
predictions are much worse for jobs
where these skills are less important of
the 700 plus jobs in the Oxford study
nursing was one of the least vulnerable
with the less than 1% chance of becoming
automated in the next decade or two and
when you watch nurses in action it's
easy to see why the ability to build
trust to connect it's what makes Nursing
immune from automation and for decades
it's also what's kept men out of the
profession every time that there's a
joke about a man that's a nurse remember
we talked about him nurse not a doctor
huh kind of girl isn't it still cuts a
small little cut it still hurts a little
bit you always feel them this idea that
nursing is a woman's job it can be
traced back to the 1850s to an English
nurse named Florence Nightingale she
cared for sick and injured soldiers
during the Crimean War when she arrived
at the hospital Nightingale was
disgusted by the squalid conditions
though she faced resistance from the
male physicians she imposed strict
sanitation and dietary guidelines and
under her watch fewer patients died of
preventable diseases after the war her
methods were taught in new nursing
schools that opened up all over the
world at the same time that women were
being told their place was in the home
Nursing gave them the chance to develop
an identity outside of it but
Nightingale was no feminist she saw
Nursing as a natural extension of what
it meant to be a woman according to
Nightingale women had a natural capacity
for caring men did not they couldn't
attend nightingales nursing schools
which blocked them from the profession
but the thing is before nightingales
reforms men had a long history as nurses
monks cared for the poor and sick across
Europe for centuries starting in the
Middle Ages men served as nurses during
the American Civil War this includes the
poet Walt Whitman who described the
experience in his poem the wound dresser
the hurt and wounded eye pacified with
soothing hand I sit by the restless all
the dark night the some are so young
fifty years after Whitman wrote this
poem the Army Nurse Corps was made up
entirely of women by the time men were
legally allowed to rejoin the profession
in the 1950s nursing had become
synonymous with femininity a link that
was reinforced through advertising mass
media and popular culture and which in
turn affected how we raised our children
they absorb the idea that men and women
were born with certain personality
traits which made them better suited to
certain jobs and while these traits were
thought to be innate we now know that
they're largely a product of our
environment boys and girls are
socialized differently especially when
it comes to emotions and the emotions
that they're allowed to express boys who
are even in the infant age who cry are
more likely to be shush or told not to
cry mothers are more likely to smile at
their infant daughters than their sons
and they use fewer emotion words around
preschool age boys than girls boys are
socialized to stoic ly manage those
emotions so it's not to appear
effeminate or D masculinized
the biggest threat you can pose to a boy
in terms of masculinity is to call him a
girl or call him a or a wuss right
so a job that requires making an
emotional connection that requires
expressing empathy a job like nursing
there's this assumption that men can't
do it
because they lack these inborn feminine
traits as a parent you know I was always
pretty involved with my children so when
her teacher introduced
as this is mr. lecoeur this is Katie's
dad and he's a nurse and works at
Children's Hospital here in Cincinnati
and I was surprised by the response
young children you know five years old
said well you can't be a nurse because
you're not Katie's mom what kind of
messages you remember getting as a kid
about nursing and who becomes a nurse
like a little white hats and you know
skirt I think that has a child you'd
always had this like kind of like
feeling that nurses were nurturing and
people don't think men can be that way
you just have to tackle some of those
like preconceptions like he's a man so
he can't be gentle or he can't be a
nurturing I feel like it's the 21st
century how is this conversation still
happening oh you must be my doctor and
they start asking me questions why have
you become a doctor or anything did you
fail med school is that why you're a
nurse it's not just nursing genetic
counselors physical therapists and
physicians assistants also have large
gender imbalances despite their higher
than average salaries and major
projected demand meanwhile the economy
is shedding the kinds of jobs that have
stereotypically been associated with men
like manufacturing and that's reflected
in this statistic the labor force
participation rate that's the share of
men in the u.s. who are either working
or looking for work and it's been
falling pretty steadily since 1954 our
long-held beliefs about gender are
clashing with a new economic reality one
in which emotional intelligence is vital
in recent years there's been a bunch of
ad campaigns aimed at bringing more men
into nursing
when sociologists Marcy Cottingham
looked at these ads
she noticed that a lot of them relied on
the same gender stereotypes that kept
men out of nursing extreme stoicism
masking emotion an emphasis on
athleticism looking rather Stern looking
past the camera so they're not making
direct eye contact tattoos motorcycles
don't really have a lot to do with
what's required of you as a nurse if we
use these stereotypical images we might
attract the wrong type of men
into nursing this idea that I can still
be a macho tough guy I don't need to
deal with all that nurturing empathy
stuff and so I think there's really a
question here of who's going to change
is it going to be the nursing profession
to try to attract more men or should we
expect men to change I think it takes a
while to solve that identity crisis like
how can I be a man a nurse and still
maintain my manliness but now I sort of
have this view that you know caring is
probably the most masculine thing a guy
can do carrying empathy and Trust are
human strategic advantages over robots
and those skills don't belong to one
gender they're like a muscle the more we
build that muscle the better prepared
will be for whatever the future holds
you
