Florida oranges Georgia peaches and
mother dancing California Raisins even
though all these fruits are really
popular none of them are actually native
to the United States there is actually
one fruit that's far more American than
any of those but there's a good chance
that you've never even heard of it
before it's called the paw paw
this is may of Turner she's the herb
garden curator at the Brooklyn Botanic
Garden and we talked to pawpaws they are
native to a large portion of the United
States but they have this really
tropical look and they're part of a
plant family and an ACA that is mostly
tropical so they're one of the only they
are in fact the only genus in the family
that grows this far north they naturally
grow along what's called the pawpaw belt
that includes 26 states mostly in the
eastern half of the u.s. you can find
them growing along the banks of rivers
and in forests look up there it was a
Paw Paw trees and the twigs and the bark
on the trees contain a natural
insecticide so they're also really easy
to grow organically they're also the
largest edible fruit native to North
America which makes you wonder what do
these bad boys taste like it's sort of
like a nutty fruit at a strop achill
very mushy it's bitter it's not that
good I wish I hadn't eaten after their
kind of a mess to eat and the flesh
sticks to the seeds a lot maybe you've
heard them called by one of the many
nicknames they've had over the years
Indiana banana fetid Bush or been dango
no all right whatever dude there's
fossil records of paw Paw's being in
North America as long as 56 million
years ago and there's evidence from
Native American tribes showing that they
were really prized in their using them
for fruit and also using the seeds
medicinally and even the bark from the
trees they would use for rope or string
in May of 1541 the Spanish conquistador
hern√°n DeSoto and his North American
expedition reached the Mississippi River
and documented Native Americans growing
what some believe to be the first
written record of the pop
he wrote there is everywhere in the
country of fruit the produce of a plant
like lagoa cam that is propagated by the
Indians having the appearance of the
Royal pair with an agreeable smellin
taste
they're often confused with the papaya
which while sort of similar-looking are
actually totally different species
papaya is a truly tropical fruit it
doesn't grow this far north they're also
a lot bigger and they have a much
brighter orange inner flesh and you know
that Australian pop oven you've been
using it's actually made using the
papaya species sorry mate the Paw Paw
has a unique place in American history
Jamestown
this is Andrew Moore he wrote an entire
book about the Paw Paw fruit the
founding fathers of the US would have
been familiar with the fruit George
Washington had them planted at his his
estate and in Mount Vernon Thomas
Jefferson knew the fruit had been
planted at Monticello Jefferson loved
him so much that he even sent pawpaw
seeds to his friends in France which I
do every Christmas and have yet to
receive a single thank-you card John
James Audubon even included paw Paw's in
his painting of a yellow-billed cuckoo
in his book birds of America you'll find
towns named after the Paw Paw in
Illinois Kansas Kentucky West Virginia
and Indiana and there's even a Paw Paw
festival every year in Ohio which can
get pretty fucking crazy there are
entire towns named after the Paw Paw so
why are you probably not going to be
seeing them sold in your grocery store
anytime soon Shari Crabtree works at the
Kentucky State University Paw Paw
program a lot of the wild paw Paw's are
gone due to development they're native
to kind of understand a forest and so a
lot of them don't exist anymore because
land has been cleared for development
you know to build houses and cities and
commercial development the United States
lost almost 950 thousand acres of
forested land each year between 1990 and
2010 with the eastern portion of the
u.s. where the paw Paw's grow being
disproportionately affected
I think people used to just be more in
tune with nature people would go out and
grow their own foods and look for foods
in the woods versus now people mostly
just want to go to the grocery store buy
fighter food which is another part of
problem because Papa's don't fit well
within large-scale industrial
agriculture the fruit ripens really fast
so once it is ripe enough to either be
picked or fall off the tree it ripens
it's almost too ripe within like three
to five days which makes it incredibly
difficult to sell at a mass scale
contrast that with something like apples
which through a process called
controlled atmosphere storage can be
kept fresh for months at a time making
them easy to store and ship anywhere in
fact most apples that you buy the store
were probably picked over a year ago
Papa's on the other hand are inherently
finicky they bruise easily have a short
shelf life and don't ripen at a
predictable or uniform rate so even
though they're delicious nutritious and
native to the US you'll pretty much only
be able to find them at farmer's markets
Papa's thrived in a simpler time when
people would go out into the forest and
pick their own fruit but as things
changed and industrial agriculture took
over the Paw Paw didn't really have a
place in this new mass-produced modern
world but there's almost something kind
of nice about it in a way they very may
well be destined to be an e shirt or a
specialty fruit and again that doesn't
have to be a bad thing
you know the Paw Paw doesn't have to
rule the market to be something that
people enjoy there's a certain
satisfaction in the journey that it
takes to acquire a Paw Paw it's not an
easy fix like an apple or a banana where
you can just go on Amazon fresh and have
them delivered to you in an hour you
have to almost earn the Paw Paw in a way
so maybe they'll never be as popular as
other mass-produced fruit and maybe
that's okay not everything needs to be
an apple that enact and that can be fine
them the pop off doesn't have to be
something it's not it can just be the
Paw Paw something that people have
enjoyed for centuries and you know
hopefully they continue to enjoy
you
you
