well I respect the move but the entire
thing has been a witch hunt and there is
no collusion between certainly myself
and my campaign two things are true
about the Trump Russian investigation
which heated up this week with the first
public indictments thing number one
there is still no smoking gun that
proves Donald Trump's campaign colluded
with the Russian government in order to
influence the outcome of the 2016
election thing number two it is almost
impossible now to look at the full
weight of evidence and believe that
there was no collusion if there was no
collusion it will be astonishing of
course that is what Trump wants you to
believe we've been saying from day one
there's been no evidence of Trump Russia
collusion and nothing in the indictment
today changes that at all let's run
through the new information we've got
and how it fits into what we already
knew here so most of the focus has been
on the indictment of Trump's former
campaign chair Paul Manafort to senior
members of the Trump campaign team
including former campaign chair Paul
Manafort surrendered themselves to
federal authorities who turned out to be
hiding payments and hiding work he did
on behalf of a Russian affiliated
political party in Ukraine but to me the
most interesting part of all this by far
is George papadopolis
because what he says up ends our
timeline of what the Trump campaign knew
about the Russian hacks and when they
knew it
so Papadopoulos joined the Trump
campaign in March 2016 as a foreign
policy adviser and almost immediately he
begins emailing with two Russian sources
who have ties to Vladimir Putin's
government a couple months later in
London he meets with one of these
sources a guy known as quote the
professor and the professor tells him
they the Russians have dirt on her the
Russians had emails of Clinton they have
thousands of emails so this means that
three months before the DNC's hacked
emails were released and more than six
months before WikiLeaks released Clinton
campaign chair John Podesta dis hacked
emails before all of that one of trumps
foreign policy advisers knew the
Russians had thousands of Clinton
related emails now we know all this
because in July the FBI arrested George
papadopolis as part of Robert mullahs
investigation into the Trump campaigns
possible collusion with the Russian
government and they arrested him because
he had lied about all of this in a
previous interview with the FBI this
fits into a broader story the Russians
really did hack into John Podesta and
the DNC's email accounts and they really
did find and release
the damage Clinton both their targets
and their timing were incredibly
sophisticated for a foreign government
that has traditionally shown itself to
have a poor understanding of American
politics and all this joins a few other
things we know like we know that Donald
Trump jr. got an email saying a Russian
government lawyer had incriminating
information on Hillary Clinton and he
said in reply if it's what you say I
love it especially later in the summer
and Don Trump jr. got Jared Kushner and
yes Paul Manafort to attend the meeting
with him oh and by the way the emails
that they did come out about summer and
we know that Trump after all this he
publicly has Russia to hack into Hillary
Clinton's computers and find other
emails that she had not released to the
public
Russia if you're listening I hope you're
able to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing it's almost like you thought
they had that capability and of course
after all that Trump won the election
and he was so afraid of the Russia
investigation that he fired James Comey
in order to stop it I was going to fire
calm in my decision it was not you had
made the decision before they came I I
was going to fire call me I there's no
good time to do it by the way this
Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a
made-up story it's an excuse by the
Democrats for having lost an election
that they should have won so we know
Trump and Russia were trying to achieve
the same thing Hillary Clinton's defeat
we know that both sides knew about the
hacked emails in advance know they were
interested on both sides and working
together and we know that the actual
crime the release of these emails it
really happened and it happened on a
timetable meant to help Trump we know
they had tons of connections it would
have made it possible for them to work
together so as I said there's no smoking
gun here we don't have final evidence of
collusion damn there sure is a lot of
smoke
