we begin with the deadly chaos on the
streets of Charlottesville Virginia
through eruption of violence sparked by
white nationalists you had many people
in that group other than neo-nazis and
white nationalists and the press has
treated them absolutely unfairly you had
a lot of people in that group that were
there to innocently protest protesting
very quietly very fine people on both
sides graphic images like this showing
20 year old DeAndre Harris being beaten
with sticks going viral there was a
group on this side you can call him the
left that came violently attacking the
other groups the driver charged with
murder accused of plowing his car into a
crowd of counter demonstrators I think
there's blame on both sides and I have
no doubt about it it's hard to overstate
the significance of Trump's response to
the white supremacist rally in trelles
though white supremacists are
celebrating we're going to fulfill the
promises damas Rock and Republicans are
once again scrambling to business
themselves from the president but what
stuck out to me the most is how news
networks have covered Trump's comment in
the last strikethrough episode I talked
about normalcy bias and how political
journalists seem to be unfazed by the
subjects they cover but that hasn't been
true this week a lot of reporters and
commentators seem genuinely stunned by
Trump's common folks what I just saw
gave me the wrong kind of chills
honestly I'm a bit shaken from what I
just heard I think we saw the
president's true colors today and I'm
not sure they were red white and blue
he's now given safe Harvard and Nazis to
white supremacist he's a disgrace the
president United States revealed so
clearly who and what he really is the
President of the United States traded a
wave of moral authority of the office
and lent support to those who would
destroy the values of this country awful
that kind of reaction is unusual I don't
know what to say tonight I usually have
something clever or something smart I'm
just hurt I think a lot of people are
hurt tonight it's got me thinking of a
unique question about journalism in the
Trump era
how should news networks treat a
president who is profoundly immoral
I know even asking that question will
make a lot of people shut down there's
this expectation that journalists should
stay neutral when covering the president
even if they strongly disagree with him
but shrugs still is different what Trump
is doing here is not the same as
personal drama or a political scandal or
even a massive policy failure he's
challenging our most basic notions of
right and wrong he's suggesting that
neo-nazis are on the same moral footing
as people who protest racism he's saying
that many attendees at a white
supremacist rally are quote very fine
people after Trump's Tuesday press
conference
many commentators argued that he had
lost the moral authority of the
presidency this president seems to have
completely abdicated the moral authority
that should go with the officer presence
but even that feels inadequate what he's
doing is actively using that authority
to play defense for a hateful ideology
an ideology that's responsible for some
of the biggest human rights atrocities
in history I don't know how you keep
covering Trump the same way you've cover
any other president how do you go back
to talking about politics as usual
keep airing White House press
conferences about infrastructure or tax
reform keep inviting White House
surrogates that have been Trump during
panel debate how do you talk about
Republican about Paul Ryan and Mitch
McConnell who so far have done nothing
to punish Trump for his behavior without
describing them as enablers of white
supremacy I'm not asking those questions
in the cute boxy way where I'm going to
tell you the answer I genuinely don't
know we have truly entered into
uncharted territory but here's what I do
know the reason we pay so much attention
to the news is because it's how we tell
stories about what's happening who we
are and what we stand for it's not only
immoral it's unpatriotic it's on America
the stories we hear in the news
helped shape our understanding of right
and wrong good and evil I can't believe
people get up here on CNN and on other
networks and defend actually try to
defend what Donald Trump said yesterday
there is no defense or what he said
yesterday what he said yesterday was
disgusting but if you never go back to
normal after this if they end up
treating shredz Ville as just another
Trump is that our story about what
happens when an American politician
dabbles and white supremacy will change
our norm about what's allowed what's
horrible from a sitting president will
change Trump's response to
Charlottesville
tells us a lot about who he is as a
person how news networks adjusts from
here on out will tell us a lot about who
we are as a country
you
