everyone has met a vegan who has been
rude to them or who has been you know
outrageous or just angry or yelling at
them so it's not surprising that someone
like Anthony Bourdain will call vegans
Hezbollah vegans or vengeance or
whatever they call themselves so there's
a Hezbollah of make sure a lot of
similarities with dangerous
fundamentalist groups we just have this
reputation rightly so because of how
with many of us act of just being just
absolute fanatic
basically no one eats meat that they
want animals to suffer no one goes to
the grocery store and says yeah I love
what Tyson does to this chicken that's
what I'm going to support chickens were
punched kicked swung and thrown by their
fragile wing people eat meat because
everyone around them eats meat it's what
they're used to it's what's familiar
it's what's easy and cheap KFC we're
making valueson for a limited time get a
ten-piece bucket for only $12.99 what
some friends and I decided is we should
take a different approach rather than
just pushing veganism we should take the
opportunity that people have to take one
step that will have a profound impact on
the number of animals suffering and that
is to have them not eat chickens anymore
no matter what they eat instead if they
cut out eating chickens they will remove
the vast majority of their support for
factory farms the average American diet
causes about twenty-five land animals to
be factory farmed and slaughtered every
year if people just stop eating chickens
they will spare 23 of those animals this
is because it takes over 200 chickens to
provide the same number of meals as one
steer or over 40 chickens to provide the
same number of meals as one Pig there
have been a number of studies the most
recent by for analytics that shows over
80% of people who go vegetarian go back
to eating animals and almost half of the
people surveyed on this say that they go
back because they can't stand the
pressure to maintain a pure diet and so
when we're pushing people to eat the way
we eat I'm Alice thinking of going vegan
I'm a level 5 vegan I won't eat anything
that casts a shadow Wow
we are driving people away we are
driving people back to eating meat
around 2% of people are true vegetarians
and about a half a percent of the people
in the United States are vegan now this
is after decades of advocacy Peter
singers book Animal Liberation came out
in the 1970s
Peter came around in 1980 so groups and
advocates have been at this for decades
and yet the percentage of people in
United States who are vegetarian has
basically not changed at all
so it really is time for us to
reconsider our message reconsider our
advocacy and do something that has a
chance of being different that has a
chance of breaking through to the
general public because we know just by
looking at the graphs just by looking at
the numbers that we have been failures
at this so far
you
