if you picture a warlords Instagram does
it look like this
that's Ramzan Khedira ruthless leader of
Chechnya and proxy of Russian President
Vladimir Putin here he is nuzzling a
dear these posts entertain millions of
followers but what they mask is a dark
reality
Kadir I've recently attracted
international criticism when reports
revealed that gave Chechens are being
rounded up tortured and killed by
authorities at a safe house in Moscow a
Chechen survivor described the brutal
interrogations after the news broke
Kadir of spokesperson Alvey karimov
denied the reports claiming that there
are no homosexuals in Chechnya you
cannot detain and persecute those who
did not exist
given the severity of the allegations
against him it's hard to reconcile the
brutality of kadhi Rob's leadership with
his bizarrely entertaining online
profile where he features animals
celebrities animals and celebrities and
above all is admiration for Vladimir
Putin what you don't see is the violence
and regression that have been rampant
under his watch
Chechnya is one of 21 Republic's in
Russia where regional ethnicities are
allowed semi-autonomous systems of
governance it is a mountainous Republic
in a mostly Muslim region of Russia
known as the North Caucasus in the 1990s
Chechnya suffered two devastating Wars
the first was fought by separatists
tried and failed to free Chechnya from
Russian control following the collapse
of the Soviet Union a few years later
Russia initiated a second one to
eliminate Islamist radicals who they
blamed for bombings that killed hundreds
of Russian civilians the war was brutal
and Putin's forces destroyed Grozny the
capital of Chechnya Putin later placed
akhmad Kadyrov Ramzan s father in charge
of rebuilding the Republic
Ahmed became president of Chechnya in
October 2003 but the insurgency
continued and in 2004 Khedira was killed
when Islamist separatist bombed a parade
he was watching in Grozny after the
bombing
Ramzan was swiftly ushered to Moscow
where he meant Putin that same day at
the time he was leading Chechen security
forces and had been blamed for several
kidnappings but despite the allegations
Putin positioned him for leadership and
he has been ruling the Republic ever
since 2007 in that time
Putin has given Khedira of ample funding
in exchange for keeping the Chechen
conflict under control the Kremlin funds
at least 80% of Chechnya annual budget
and Ramzan Kadyrov spends that money
lavishly not only on himself but also on
construction projects he constantly
promotes he often features Ahmed Khedira
of mosque
an opulent building named after his
father that symbolizes both Chechen
renewal and Ramzan self-proclaimed
commitment to Islam he has also used the
money to fund an army of loyalists
called the cattle Rob C a militia that
has roots in the security forces and ran
for his father on Instagram he touts
their strength and discipline offering a
clear threat to possible insurgents so
far his methods have delivered results
Khedira has brought down Islamist
violence in Chechnya which has
solidified his Authority and served as a
major political victory for Puli part of
his strategy has been promoting a strict
interpretation of Islam online he
maintains a steady stream of a
vertically religious posts and in public
statements he insists that women wear
head scarves and has supported honor
killings as part of what he calls a
virtue campaign he has also endorsed men
shooting women on the street with
paintball guns when they were not fully
covered like in this YouTube video in
addition to shaping his Islamic agenda
Kadyrov uses social media to craft a
warrior persona that is based in
historical notions of Chechen identity
it's an identity that can be traced back
to the early 20th century when Leo
Tolstoy wrote about the Chechen
rebellion in his book had you Murad ever
since then ethnic Russians have
perceived Chechens as fierce warriors
and that image has played out over the
course of history from the two chechen
wars to the more recent photos of
Chechens fighting for Isis in the Middle
East now copies of Tolstoy is novel come
with the photo of a modern soldier on
the cover the tough-guy stereotype has
also traveled beyond Russia it is
telling that a mobster in the dark night
is known simply as the chechen scrolling
to his feed you can see that Khedira of
channels that identity with training
montages martial arts clips
Fitness selfies and close encounters
with threatening creatures but Khedira
of also poses as the benevolent leader
of Chechnya who enjoys quiet moments
with animals bike rides playing with his
friends and performing the lezginka a
regional dance he also poses as Chechnya
'he's biggest advocate and has paid for
several Western celebrities to visit
Grozny past visitors have included the
boxer Floyd Mayweather the actor Steven
Seagal and the actress Hilary Swank
visited forked arrows birthday in 2011
happy birthday mr. president apart from
hosting celebrities
Kadir off constantly leverages his
relationship with Putin to bolster his
authority on Instagram he regularly
demonstrates his allegiance to the
Russian president but at times his
enthusiasm backfires
he once framed a photo of a Putin critic
between the crosshairs of a rifle scope
a reckless provocation that led some
people to wonder if Putin might be
losing control of Kadir of these
missteps do not go unnoticed
Kadir ops nearly three million followers
on Instagram are around twice the
population of Chechnya some of his posts
have already led to repercussions from
Moscow in October he proudly posted this
clip from an MMA fight featuring ten
year old boys including his own sons
in response Russia's Ministry of sport
launched an investigation into the event
and later that month Anton Siluanov
Putin's Finance Minister announced
possible cuts to the Chechen budget now
revelations about Kadyrov's persecution
of gays have caused global protests and
created fresh tensions at a recent
meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel
called on Putin to discipline his church
insubordinate become the ultimate
homosexual in a church in Ian and the
captain President Vladimir Putin
appeared in silence Lucia oh I'm gettin
some on these a min ahead like by then
Putin had already summoned Khedira to
the Kremlin for a meeting but whether
this did anything to change gideros
behavior remains to be seen for the time
being
Khedira of continues to be Putin's men
and Chechnya and as long as he can keep
the region stable things are likely to
stay that way
