Donald Trump won the presidential
campaign by breaking all the rules and
so it was tempting to imagine that the
rules are no longer applied to him his
presidency was unpredictable that he
could do things no one had done before
well we're now about a hundred days into
Trump's presidency and we're learning
and maybe more importantly he is
learning then what works in a campaign
when your strategy's getting the most TV
time possible it doesn't really work
when you're governing and there's a
lesson here a lesson for Trump and a
lesson for those who will come after him
the campaign might be turning into a
reality TV show but governing governing
still isn't the same things Trump did to
an attention as a candidate to show he
wasn't a normal politician that's what's
breaking him as a president it's worth
in digging deep in his record so far
health care Trump's top priority it
crashed and burned and it crashed and
burned because truck didn't understand
the American Health Care Act he didn't
know what his legislation did he didn't
seem to realize it broke almost all of
his promises it was wildly unpopular and
he didn't have a good argument to make
it more popular he didn't get the
legislative maneuvering needed to pass
it so he ended up endorsing an
incredibly incredibly unpopular piece of
legislation and then declared defeat
after only seventeen days I even milk
that lasted longer than Trump's health
care bill and yeah he keeps talking
about bringing it back but he still
doesn't have a strategy he has no new
ideas to make it more popular to make it
a better bill doesn't even seem to
understand why the bill failed in the
first place perhaps because of all that
Trump is historically incredibly
unpopular less than three months in this
presidency he is less popular than Obama
was at any point to underscore how
dubious of achievement Trump has here
Trump is more unpopular with
unemployment at four point seven percent
then Obama was when unemployment was ten
percent it took president george w bush
a disastrous war pea trumps current
polling knotter this makes everything
else Trump wants to achieve harder
vulnerable congressional Republicans
have little political incentive to back
a president this unpopular on a hard
vote Trump's most consequential
executive orders are stuck in the courts
and imperiled by his own words so far
Trump's most unusual and controversial
policy change is his executive order
banning travelers from a number of
majority Muslim countries but the
slapdash first iteration of that order
was stopped by the courts and he
substantially scaled back sequels
the exact same fate and the biggest
problem here the reason his executive
orders keep hitting stop by the courts
strop it is a things Trump himself said
Donald J Trump is calling for a total
and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States and for that
matter the things his surrogates say he
said so right when he first announced
that he said Muslim ban he called me up
he said put a commission together show
me the right way to do it legally having
said he wanted an unconstitutional
Muslim ban and then having Rudy Johnny
confirm it on television it's difficult
for Trump to now convince the courts
that the policy is descending from that
promise are not targeting Muslims
because of course they are Trump's
administration meanwhile is historically
understaffed critical positions ranging
from chief economist to Undersecretary
of state remain unfilled and so large
swaths and the executive branch are
operating without Direction oversight or
alignment with Trump's agenda this is
why there's something comic about Trump
appointing his son-in-law to lead a task
force on improving government to build a
better government first you need to
understand how to work the one you've
got
Trump's key staff have also dissolved
into infighting and factionalism the
hair leaking constantly to the press you
have a war between the conservative wing
of the Trump administration that led by
the often squabbling Reince Priebus and
Steve Annan they're trying to head off a
power play from the New York business
wing of the Trump administration led by
Jared Kushner and X Goldman Sachs vice
president Gary Cohn Bannon is losing
power fast it seems and the amount of
leaking and ass covering both sides of
this battle are doing is intense this
does not bode well for the White House's
internal processes or functioning
Trump's administration is of course also
under investigation as is his campaign
his associates and there are already
casualties
it was weird during the election and
Walt Russia helping Trump and being
helped by Trump and have the media treat
at all as a curious sideshow but that's
over now and the fault has already
consumed National Security Advisor
Michael Flynn probably Trump's most
dangerous and abnormal key aide Flynn by
the way is now seeking an immunity deal
from federal prosecutors and Congress in
exchange for his testimony always a good
sign one of the strangest pieces of
Trump's presidency is how much his back
pedaled on the major promises of his
campaign
everything that set him apart that made
him a populist he's just thrown it away
remember he's gonna cover everybody with
health care everybody's got to be
covered this is an unreformed universal
health care I am going to take care of
everybody yeah his bill didn't do that
remember he's gonna brand China a
currency manipulator he had been talking
about that for years they are the single
greatest currency manipulator that's
ever been on this planet and then he
became president and ha ha just kidding
remember when he's gonna avoid fights
like Syria he criticized Obama for
drawing the red line in the first place
for President Obama do not attack Syria
there is no upside and tremendous
downside save your powder for another
and more important we are just kidding
in some videos of these US strikes in
Syria turns out he just hadn't thought
it through in some cases these
flip-flops represent Trump coming to a
more grounded position and great that's
fine but the fact that he is no coherent
philosophy of governance and his ideas
are so weakly held that they're this
easily changed that's bad that's
evidence about unpredictable and
volatile as presidency is how little the
President himself knows and that can
lead to real disaster the other problem
jump is facing is he is no magic fix for
the GOP internal tensions it's striking
how taken aback he was by the
resentments and factionalism splitting
House Republicans during the health care
debate
I like Speaker Ryan he worked very very
hard a lot of different groups he's got
a lot of factions and there's been a
long history of liking and disliking
even within the Republican Party long
before I got here what you just heard
from say there is it is a sign of how
weakened he is his White House is
wearing they won't be able to prevent a
government shutdown even though their
party holds complete control of Congress
look take a step back here imagine I
told you a few months ago that America
would soon elect an unpopular
undisciplined inexperienced
scandal-plagued reality television star
to the presidency did he would then
staff his White House with warring
advisors who had never worked in
government and he would spend their time
trying to undercut each other you
probably would have predicted a
presidency that looks very much like the
one we have now which isn't to say Trump
hasn't accomplished anything much less
that he won't kneel Gorsuch got
confirmed to the Supreme Court for
instance and a number of Trump's
executive orders are consequential
his recent climate change directives in
particular and
if nothing else Trump prevented Hillary
Clinton from taking office and turning
the Supreme Court Democratic for the
first time in a generation as one
Republican Hill staffer said to me if we
get Gorsuch and avoid a nuclear war a
lot of us will count this as a win and
look fair enough but what we're learning
day by day is there is no magic to trump
when he does things people hate he
becomes unpopular when he backs bad
legislation and bad processes as the
bills fail Trump has not found a
shortcut for American politics to
succeed at a hard job he has to work
hard in ways and at tasks that he has
until now shown little aptitude for and
less interest in Trump himself mean
there would be a normal president but
the system he leads remains more normal
than many expected he can't imagine
scenarios without change is a terrorist
attack for instance but the fact remains
it's so far in competence not autocracy
has defined the Trump administration
he's achieved much less than his
predecessors at this point in their
terms and he's done so at a great cost
his own popularity it's possible of
course Trump will yet recover but it's
also possible he'll enter a failure loop
whereas unpopularity and his scandals
and his failed initiatives and his poor
management lead to more public anger and
more aggressive congressional
investigation and more failed
initiatives and more fracturing and
infighting among his staff the 2018
elections are a long way away but Donald
Trump is off to a very bad start
