a lot of people have asked me what it
was like to wake up to the images that
were coming out of Syria with the
victims of the sarin gas attack
witnesses and some activists said the
toxic substance was delivered by Syrian
and Russian jets in an attack in the
rebel-held region obviously it was
painful it was infuriating it was
frustrating but at the same time there
been so many morning's like that in the
last six years it is an interesting sort
of you know question as to why we object
to the methods of slaughter but not the
overall slaughter that that's in face
ensuring people are facing over the last
six years
Syrians have been dying by bullet by
mortar by barrel bomb and they've been
killed both by the regime and armed
opposition to the regime so I think a
lot of people paid attention recently
because there's something horrific about
death by air just by breathing in
chemicals or something that's sort of
tantalizing about the horrific news of
evil and there's a way that's sort of
you can see it in a more more blatant
way I think we've become a little
desensitized to be to other kinds of
death and a problem is after so many
years of dehumanizing Arabs and Muslims
Assyrians and sort of the global
imaginations do you think Islam is at
war with the West
I think Islam hates us that kind of
dehumanization has led people to sort of
- now and and to think that what's
happening there is sort of inevitable
this is a question of culture a question
of religion I think part of the reason
we're willing to let Syria go or let
these sorts of things happen is because
we've become accustomed to really
simplistic narratives about Arabs and
Muslims they will never have refugees or
refugees in their back yards they do a
lot this is part of the problems that we
have no idea who Syrians are we've had
no idea what Syria is you know it's a
place of great culture and great
civilization and great humanity even if
it's consuming our headlines yeah it's
probably at that point risen to the
level where we should take the time to
learn something the American public in
many ways has it has its own problem but
it has to realize that we are implicated
in what's going on in Syria in the last
six years it has been unfortunately only
mostly Syrians mourning the loss of
Syria but this is something that the
whole global community should feel the
loss of because it's our it's our loss
collectively the places might not
completely disappear but the people who
make those places are going to have
disappeared it would be a tragedy if we
only found out about it too late and
once once we're going to do anything
about it
you
