with $10 you can buy this many donuts
and this many apples if you opt for the
donuts you get a lot more calories but
not all calories are created equal
apples contain fiber and vitamins while
donuts are full of saturated fats and
chemically processed ingredients
even though apples are healthier for you
you have to eat more of them to get the
same number of calories as one donut and
it would cost you about five more
dollars which means the cost-effective
choice is usually not the nutritionally
sound one there's a strong relationship
between diets that are low in fruits and
vegetables and obesity and diabetes
these two chronic diseases now ranked
among the nation's gravest health
concerns produce is essential for a
healthy diet
but Americans aren't eating enough of it
and part of the problem is cost so what
can be done to add more produce to the
American plate fresh fruits and
vegetables are often more expensive to
farm than other types of crops that end
up in processed foods for example fresh
strawberries have to be picked by hand
but strawberries destined for preserves
can be harvested by a machine bumps and
bruises don't matter in the process and
machines are more efficient and cheaper
in the long run than human labor this
extra work is reflected in the price
difference between fresh strawberries
and other crops and it also makes fresh
strawberries more expensive to buy than
processed strawberries government
subsidies also play a role in the cost
difference for example the USDA doesn't
subsidize leafy vegetable crops in the
same way it subsidizes wheat soy and
corn these three crops make up a lot of
processed food so products full of high
fructose corn syrup and soybean oil have
an unfair advantage when it comes to
cost the last nutritious food will win
out other incentives are needed to keep
people away from cheap processed foods
taxes on tobacco and alcohol have been
effective at curbing consumption this
line shows the average price per pack of
cigarettes over the past 40 years the
rising prices are partly fueled by
federal and state cigarette tax
increases in 1983 throughout the early
2000s and 2009 meanwhile per-capita
cigarette consumption shown by this line
has steadily decreased as prices have
gone up and some researchers arguing
that we need to start thinking about a
junk food tax the tax would focus on
non-essential food items like candy soda
and potato chips these unhealthy foods
would be taxed at the manufacturing
level and higher costs at checkout could
steer customers toward healthier options
but a junk food tax alone won't fix
obesity or the already high costs of a
healthy diet so what can be done
we could make produce sexy okay well
there are other things too to address
the cost issue some programs are
springing up that make produce more
affordable for lower-income people
through subsidies and since 2014 the
USDA has granted over 65 million dollars
to expand these programs throughout the
u.s. there is also the fruit and
vegetable prescription program or FV rx
doctors can give vouchers for produce to
low-income patients who are at high risk
of diet related disease growing produce
in home or community gardens can
encourage healthy eating with little
investment but finding time to cook let
alone garden can be a burden for
families we don't yet know which
strategies and programs are gonna work
best but they're worth testing for one
simple reason if Americans ate a wider
variety of fruits and vegetables and
more fruits and vegetables we know
they'd be a whole lot healthier
you
