so weirdoes question I've been asked
about her job is probably if I shower in
it the answer is no if I wear it during
sex
what is covering your hair have to do
with it at that point you know you're
seeing other parts a job in Arabic means
to cover it normally refers to a piece
of fabric that some women used to cover
their hair hijab is a concept it's meant
to kind of promote modesty a job is a
thing that a male Muslim should have
absolutely no opinion about not almost
some women wear hijab I've never worn a
cannabic steps when I actually pray
there are many ways to wear it depending
on culture and preference there's we
just got here from the Middle East two
jobs there's a turban Haddad I wear my
hijab like this sometimes I put it
serving up sometimes I'll just drape it
a man√≠s like the Muslim hipster she
just like goes out throws on that hijab
and she's like I'm Muslim and what mine
is the Bluetooth hijab this is how easy
I could be walking around the city with
this that line is like yeah there's this
Western stereotype that a Muslim woman
who wears it did not have the choice to
do so it is seen as a symbol of
oppression rather than a symbol of
devotion the minute that I put it on I
felt like my identity became whole when
I wasn't wearing hijab I was just some
ordinary white girl from New York City
where she jab made you know that I was
Muslim it's for me a reminder to leave
my life with religion first for me
putting on a head scarf was emancipation
because that was the moment that I
reclaimed my identity they say hey I'm a
Muslim what's up my hijab takes nothing
away from my intellect takes nothing
away from my passions and my values and
the principles that I hold out of the
look good career record okay picture
you
