this is Whitley County like many
counties in this region voters here
overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump in
November's election the county has a
medium per-capita income of around
$16,000 it's 97 percent white and 88
percent of the residents over 25 don't
have a college degree it also happens to
be the birthplace of Kentucky Fried
Chicken and these are some of the
Americans who have benefited most from
Barack Obama's signature health policy
the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare I'm
running around with Vox the O X dot
news.com and all that and there's a news
person and he's followed me around to
learn about southeastern Kentucky and
how the effects of the healthcare has
been on us that's Kathy she works as an
enrollment counselor for Obamacare
helping people sign up for the program
since law was implemented in 2013 the
percentage of people in this county with
health insurance went from 75 percent up
to 90 percent and Kathy has signed up a
lot of those people I couldn't count on
him to sit and figure well over a
thousand times but here's the curveball
who did you end up putting work from
real change begins with immediately
repealing and replacing Obamacare
since Obamacare launched in 2013 the
number of lower-income less educated
white Americans with insurance increased
dramatically not just in Kentucky but
nationwide
this group benefited disproportionately
from the law yet the same demographic
showed up in huge numbers for Donald
Trump in November I went to Kentucky to
talk to Cassie I wanted to understand
why so many people would vote for a
candidate who promised to repeal a
program they depended on so much box
would soon be hosting an interview with
President Obama and we invited Cathy to
attend to share her perspective and ask
a question to the president and they
invited me to the White House oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god yes the
White House gotta get on Facebook you
really missed out on a lot of stuff
before going to DC we traveled around
southeastern Kentucky talking to Trump
supporters who also are enrolled in
Obamacare we wanted to hear their
opinions about the law and what they
think the next administration will do to
make it better
everybody needs insurance regardless
code you never know what's going on like
it but you also made available to afford
it we landed on a couple explanation for
this
Trump Obamacare paradox the first is
that people in Kentucky believe that
Trump and the GOP would never actually
repeal a program that has benefited over
20 million people so you don't think
that they would actually do that they
could that would be like you've got
children
I'm saying a lot of people thought that
Trump campaign rhetoric against
Obamacare was all talk and that there's
no way he would really repeal a program
that so many are dependent on and wasn't
just Trump voters who thought that I
have covered the health care law as a
journalist for about seven years now it
actually felt until a few months ago
like a safe assumption that that the
Affordable Care Act rolled out covering
twenty million people that it was going
to stick around I remember I wrote a
story for Vox in 2015 and the headline
was something like Obamacare survived
its final test and it's here to stay
Republican just up through the election
and up after the election have just
remained so committed to repealing the
Affordable Care Act a year ago I did not
expect that
I thought we were going to see a backing
off of those attitudes and I was wrong
many Obama care enrollees in Kentucky as
well as policy experts and journalists
all assumed that Obama care was too
widespread to be repealed but
congressional Republicans are proving
them wrong
moving as aggressively as they can to
repeal it mr. Ryan has said a top
priority for the new Congress is going
to be the repeal of Obamacare but
perhaps the stronger theory on why
Obamacare beneficiaries voted for Trump
was a general dissatisfaction with the
cost of the program and a belief that
Trump would somehow make it better for
them we met up with Perry a security
guard recently signed up for Obamacare
this is the first time he's ever had
health insurance in his life I've not
been that doctor you probably aim in
this world like I'm I want a doctor
young yeah thanks to Kathy Perry was
able to sign up at healthcare.gov just a
few months ago but his deductible ended
up being $2,000 unless something drastic
what happened how many times will I have
the lungs of a doctors on the web you
know use up over two thousand dollars I
just wished it if they're going to shove
it down your throat
how's that another that you going
forward we headed over to an antique
shop where the owner Bobby was another
Obamacare enrollee I had breast cancer
last year I was very happy to have my
insurance I didn't realize that the
government was subsidizing my health
insurance and I do think everybody
deserves quality health care I just
think the American form of health care
is is just totally out of hand
price-wise one of Bobby's complaints
about the program is that it has been
linked to a president who strongly
dislike and I absolutely detest hearing
the word Obamacare
you know this texting we traveled to a
mall right on the border with Tennessee
where Kathy sets up a booth to help sign
people up for Obamacare we talked to the
mall manager about his perspective as he
sees many of his employees and
co-workers signing up for Obamacare
initially it seemed that everyone was
excited that they were going to have an
opportunity to have health insurance
secular for there was some of the first
time in their whole life that they'd
ever had coverage the following year
they were faced with the cost was
increasing so they had to make changes
to their insurance again and most of the
time it meant they were looking for
policies that had even higher
deductibles so that they could just try
to keep insurance while Obamacare led to
20 million Americans getting health
insurance half of the enrollees who get
their insurance on the Obamacare
marketplace
say that the deductibles are still too
high I'd say the people it is a morning
yeah because
some of them because they just have such
tight budgets frustrated with the high
rate Obamacare enrollees have high
confidence that Donald Trump will fix
the problems of the health care law I
think he will try because he's a
business person first he knows money
I think he'll fix a lot of things I
think that he replaced it with on health
and medicine English and wake up you
know he's going to replace the country
later yeah yeah that's what yeah Donald
Trump didn't campaign on a plan to
replace Obamacare instead he focused on
the promise to repeal it it will be
repealed and replaced and we'll know and
it'll be great health care for much less
money on analysis by the nonpartisan
Commonwealth Fund found Trump's
proposals would leave up to 25 million
people uninsured but the people we
talked to didn't seem to need a plan
they felt frustrated with the current
version of the law and seemed to be okay
to take a gamble on Trump's promise to
repeal and replace with something
terrific Kathy and many others in this
county took that gamble we traveled
through a snowstorm to fly to DC to meet
with the president
where'd Cathy hello President Obama I'm
so excited to meet you Roberto
right many Kentuckians now are looking
at the affordable care and unaffordable
and unusable how do you think this
happened how can we fix it
do we start all over again what do you
think we should do this is my main
criticism of Obama ton of the Affordable
Care Act is that the subsidies aren't as
high as they probably should be for a
lot of working people so the two things
that we could do that would really make
it work even better for people in
Kentucky would be number one provide
more subsidies to folks who are working
hard every day but still find the
premiums even with the subsidies hard to
me the problem is is that that's not
what's being proposed by Mitch McConnell
the senator from Kentucky Obama's answer
to Cathy lasted almost eight minutes and
you should watch the full thing to
really hear his defense but the gist of
his answer is that the Affordable Care
Act is an imperfect law but that the
existing law can be improved upon
but congressional Republicans and Donald
Trump aren't proposing improvements to
the existing law the proposing repeal
and have yet to articulate how they will
legislate something better to take it to
place I am saying to every Republican
right now if you in fact can put a plan
together that is demonstrably better
than what Obamacare is doing I will I
will publicly support repealing
Obamacare and replacing it with your
plan but I want to see it first many
took the gamble on Trump without seeing
any such plan and now that the
gop-controlled Congress we will see if
they can make good on their promise to
build something better than Obamacare I
thought well we need something
and that's why I made a joke it was like
Russian roulette or pushing the little
Vegas little bar saying hey
