a Broken Arrow is the pentagon's phrase
for a serious nuclear weapon accident
that could threaten the public according
to the Pentagon there have been 33
broken arrows in history of our nuclear
program that's the official number but I
feel very confident in saying it's a lot
more than 33 there is a qualifier it has
reached a point one mile above the earth
this technology has constantly been on
the verge of slipping out of our control
the very first test of a nuclear device
in 1945 in the desert of New Mexico
could have ended catastrophic way J
robert Oppenheimer
who was the scientific director of the
Manhattan Project got worried someone
might try to sabotage it so he asked a
young scientist Donald Hornick to climb
to the top of the shot-tower 100-foot
steel tower and quote babysit the bomb
you got a young scientist atop a hundred
foot steel tower and a totally flat
desert there was a deeply philosophical
experience now while Donald Hornig was
up there an incredible lightning storm
occurred
there's no doubt that if lightning had
struck that tower or near that tower
that device would have most likely
detonated and this young scientists
would have been the first victim of the
nuclear era an atomic bomb breaks loose
from a mounting shackle in a b-47 jet
over Florence South Carolina plummets to
Earth causing a sensational freak
accident
I got a document through the Freedom of
Information Act that lists more than a
thousand accidents and incidents
involving nuclear weapons just between
1950 and 1968 Palomares Spain during an
aerial refuelling the tanker and the
bomber had a collision and it dropped
four hydrogen bombs over Spain Damascus
Arkansas a workman drops a tool in a
missile silo the tool hits the missile
causes a fuel leak and on top of the
missile is the most powerful nuclear
warhead the United States has ever built
maintenance work is being done on an
atomic bomb and the worker doesn't
realize that one of the pins in the plug
of the testing equipment is bent when he
plugs the pin into the atomic bomb it
fully arms the bomb and nearly detonates
the bomb which would have destroyed a
large part of the Florida coast so
although a beautiful sight this swirling
boiling mushroom cloud is certain death
one of the problems with complex
technological systems is you never know
where a potentially catastrophic problem
can begin our principal nuclear bomber
is the b-52 and we haven't built a b-52
since John F Kennedy was president as a
long time ago and what concerns me most
is the infrastructure the wiring the
cables computers in our launch control
centers that rely on 8-inch floppy disks
we're very good at creating complex
technological systems not as good at
managing them and not very good at all
when something goes wrong
you
you
