the magician David Blaine was on this
night show recently promoting his new
special he does nine minutes of amazing
card tricks
what is going on David Wain and then he
sets up his finale a hundred years ago
there's a guy that converted his stomach
into an aquarium where he could store
live creatures and then he could bring
them up at will down goes a glass of
water and out comes a live frog
I've looked into this trick and I can
say with fairly high confidence that the
secret to how Blaine makes it seem like
he's swallowing frogs is that he's
really swallowing frogs
yeah the frog thing there's no trickery
he's not hitting this mouth there's no
popping it it's just that this is Kieran
Johnson he's a magician based in the UK
and one of the handful of people in the
world who perform regurgitation tricks
just like a relaxing so I'm aware the
core is that traveling down and I'm
aware it's there but when I when I bring
it back it's kind of tense so if I start
focusing yeah it becomes tenser then as
I get hit over my throat Kieran works
mostly with coins he can bring them up
on either heads or tails by feeling the
texture of the coin inside his esophagus
and he can regurgitate a stream of water
for over 30 seconds water spouting is a
stunt that dates back to at least the
1600s performers drink dangerous amounts
of water and then spouted out in a
controlled continuous regurgitation
water spouting was revived in the
vaudeville days by a performer named
Haji Ali who pushed it further by
purportedly drinking kerosene which
would sit on top of the water in his
stomach he then set fire with the
kerosene and extinguish it with the
water
regurgitation of live animals is also a
rare but old trick
Scottish performer Stevie Starr has been
working with the goldfish for a while
the performer Blaine mentioned on Jimmy
Fallon was Mack Norton who was active in
the 1910s he was known as the human
aquarium because he would swallow a
dozen creatures frogs and goldfish
before bringing them back up one by one
in his 1920 book escape artist Harry
Houdini recalled a time when Norton
could not account for the entire flock
after a performance and he quote looked
very much scared look David he's
absolutely fearless absolutely fearless
like incredibly has no fear the thing to
understand about David Blaine is that
when he wants to do something with his
body he'll do it this is a man who held
his breath for 17 minutes
back in 2010 Blaine was on the show
iconoclasts where he showed artist Chuck
Close the clip of haji ali's kerosene
trick
he said nobody had done it since it's
real but nobody's been able to do it
since three years later he was doing it
on Jimmy Kimmel so he already mastered
controlled regurgitation
but swallowing liquids is a lot easier
than swallowing frogs our gag reflex
pushes unusually large objects back
toward the front of the mouth to prevent
choking like sword swallowers Blaine had
to learn through practice to overcome
the gag reflex his new special shows him
practicing with small potatoes it's
similar to a method described by the
great Waldo he was a performer in the
1940s and 50s who regurgitating goldfish
and even rodents which he would drug
with cigarette smoke according to the
writer Daniel Mannix in his 1951 memoir
the great Waldo trained his stomach
muscles by swallowing a small potato on
a string regurgitate errs have learned
to voluntarily open the upper esophageal
sphincter a band of muscle at the top of
the esophagus that keeps stuff down away
from our windpipe at the same time they
contract muscles in the abdomen to
create upward pressure on the contents
of the stomach and the lower esophagus a
drink of water can help reopen that
channel and with enough practice they
can control precisely where the item
goes
I can't hold things there I can hold
things down here see the figures I start
pointing to things when I try to explain
to a doctor and they think I'm making up
we go that life impossible I'm like I'm
not a doctor I just know how it feels
the stomach secretes gastric juices that
include hydrochloric acid not a great
environment for a live animal that's
already enduring abnormally high
temperatures maybe Blaine dilutes the
acid with water or other substances or
maybe he keeps the frogs in his
esophagus that's presumably what the
great Waldo did to keep the mice alive
but now that he's proven he can really
swallow and regurgitate a frog let's
hope he never does it again
you
