oh hi I'm looking for the president of
the sweet potato council there's
something Americans have been confused
about for a long time yeah we were
hoping you could clear something up for
us which is what is the difference
between a sweet potato and a yam okay it
turns out that what grocery stores in
the US have been calling yams they're
actually just sweet potatoes orange kind
of the most common today but they can
also be purple and originally all sweet
potatoes had white or yellowish flush
and a yam looks like this and finally
inside more than 90% of yams are grown
in West Africa where they've been a
staple food for thousands of years so if
they're completely different vegetables
why did the grocery stores label sweet
potatoes as yams
Louisiana farmers advertised their moist
orange sweet potatoes as yams to try to
stand out from the other sweet potatoes
at the time but they didn't come up with
that word out of nowhere it was already
being used for some sweet potatoes in
the 19th century
so where did it come from well here's a
clue the word yam was probably derived
from these West African words and the
most obvious way that African words
could travel to the southern United
States slavery so when West African
people were forcibly moved to the new
world they probably used the word yam to
refer to the root vegetable that they
found there the sweet potato all right
time to try my first ever true yam oil
much more similar to a potato ministry
potato
