that's me driving towards an
unauthorized outpost deep into the West
Bank when I got to the outpost I
expected the family I was meeting with
to hit me with an earful of ideology and
a sermon on why the Jews deserve to live
in this land more than the Palestinians
do instead we played music we ate food
from their land and we talked more about
the perks of living in the desert close
to Jerusalem the best view the best
weather close to my parents yeah
excellent it's perfect these people
don't own guns they don't lock their
doors I visited 15 settlements out here
in the West Bank to find out what
motivates the people who are the
forefront of one of the world's most
difficult and protracted conflicts
the west bank is home to 2.2 million
Arabs and seen by the international
community as part of a future
Palestinian state but there are also
more than 400,000 Israeli settlers
living out here which is about five
percent of Israel's population you can
learn all about how they got here in the
first part of this series many of the
first Jewish settlers who trekked out
here in 1967 were driven by a strong
ideological mission to claim this land
for Israel but things have changed quite
a bit since then spend ten minutes in a
settlement today and you sometimes feel
that you could just as easily be in a
New Jersey suburb the last three days
got a back problem his wife we're here
to stay
play a game have a good time clean roads
big houses quality parks good schools
close by shopping a university you ask
people why they moved out here and
instead of the original mission to push
for the Israeli state you hear things
like a very good educational system
there's a very nice Country Club we want
you all to have a bigger place it's a
great place to raise kids this is a
beautiful view and it's our beautiful
land I love looking at it all the time
we were looking for a Jerusalem suburb
that we could afford that was a
manageable community close to Jerusalem
that's really close to Jerusalem but the
quality of life is so much better it has
nothing to do with politics having a
little bit more quiet
most people here work in the city and
you come back here at night you come
back here in the afternoon and it's just
relaxing and quiet between the puppet
show for the kids the bump in Bar
Mitzvah party and the hundred other
examples of seemingly ordinary suburban
life it's hard to remember that these
settlers are living at the edge of an
intense conflict yes technically
regenitive applause mr. Cellini ikkaku
but you got a bath I needed it but no
and even a
didn't you take a trainee therapist a
villa de leyva by Jacques eluted a
popular superhero my wife and I had
certain criteria one was we wanted to
walk out of our back door and be hiking
in five minutes
of course there's still ideology here
many residents of these communities feel
connected to the settlers original
mission to resettle the hills of the
ancient Judea Samaria from the Bible
which they call the cradle of our entire
civilization but ideological motivations
for living out here are usually four or
five items down the priority list with
quality of life reasons being the main
drivers to tell you if my ideological
reasons was the major motivation to move
over and I won't try and that wasn't one
of the major things I wasn't trying to
make a statement I was trying to find a
place that would be a good place a safe
place to raise our kids and this was the
choice it wasn't at all something that
was something that was like one of the
criteria but but it happened to be us a
real real part of course the hard core
back to the earth settlers still exist
Here I am with a guy who doesn't want
his name or face in my video he lives in
another outpost illegal even to the
Israeli government
there's no baseball league or bagel
shops in this community God promised to
us that this this is our land and we
could we can grow here if we listen to
him this renegade culture of taking over
hilltops once characterized the
settlement movement but now the zealous
ideology that started the movement has
been diluted by more practical factors
like house prices and quality of schools
this real estate ad for a settlement
community I think perfectly captures the
blend of quality of life motivations
with a hint of ideological fervor
sprinkle in if you've always felt a DP
running for Jerusalem now is a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity not only
to stand within its gates but also to
build the home view trees there the
tranquility of a picturesque setting and
crisp mountain air with all the benefits
and amenities that Jerusalem has to
offer
Rawat Givat Ze'ev is adjacent to the
city of Gavazzi and is connected to
Jerusalem via two main highways but make
no mistake there's still a conflict here
an occupation of land that has enormous
impact on the lives of Palestinians
it sounds paradoxical but this just
seems like the safest place in the world
one of the reasons why life in
mini-settlements is so peaceful and
pleasant is that the government invests
proportionately more public money into
the settlement communities than it does
in mainland Israeli communities schools
and the settlements receive better
funding than mainland Israeli schools in
the form of better salaries of teachers
and other educational benefits for the
kids nearly one-third of all subsidized
housing in Israel is in the settlements
even though only five percent of
Israelis live there and in the past the
government even ran a mortgage subsidy
program that made living out here much
cheaper than mainland Israel and things
like public transportation are cheaper
for settlers than mainland Israelis an
Israeli think tank found that the
government spends about 950 dollars on
each West Bank resident that's more than
double what it spends on people living
in Tel Aviv or Jerusalem the settlement
enterprise has become a fixture of
Israeli institutions in society which
helps explain why you don't need to be
an ideological activist if you want to
live out there I can't hide the quality
of life that people are enjoying here ok
I can't hide the fact that people are
moving from the United States from very
luxurious big homes and they choose to
live in a front and they're not
suffering in the front ok they're
managing to maintain a very similar
quality of life on top of government
support lots of the gyms theaters and
parks in the settlements are funded by
foreign donors usually Americans with
ideological motivations so what you end
up with are these attractive communities
that feel totally ordinary and livable
but that are built on an ideological
mission and that carry heavy political
significance both domestically and
internationally even these unauthorized
outposts that are illegal under Israeli
law enjoy a good amount of support from
the government like this government
provided soldier to protect this illegal
community
or a playground that's built by the
government as well as public waste and
recycling collection all in a place that
has been deemed illegal by the
government my house the government built
that's effective that's a fact these
places are connected to public water and
electricity they're totally supported in
spite of being unauthorized and we have
here everything from internet water to
electricity to like everywhere but often
to appease the international community
the government still tries to appear
tough on these unauthorized settlements
back on that illegal outpost my contact
tells me that the authorities show up
about once a year to knock down a
settlers house and then take a picture
of it to show the world that they don't
tolerate illegal settlements but in
reality they clearly do and most of the
reason is international political reason
international forces international less
political stupid reasons since 1967
there's been wide government support
from both right and left wing parties in
Israeli politics which both have
separate reasons for supporting the
settlers and while the support is not
the only or even the main reason why
settlements are growing it has surely
helped turn the Sedlar experience into a
mainstream livable and often enjoyable
situation the original mission of the
settlement movement was to claim land
deep into the West Bank preventing a
Palestinian state here the Palestinian
population centres in the West Bank and
here are the settlements any proposal
for giving Palestinians their own state
now has to take into account the
hundreds of thousands of Israelis living
out here no one seriously considers it
possible to remove all 400,000 residents
and while negotiations are in a
standstill Israel keeps issuing permits
and settlements continue to grow these
whole peace talks are like two guys
negotiating over a pizza while one of
them is eating a pizza
just a few weeks ago the Housing
Minister announced that he foresees this
region down here called Gush Etzion
growing from 7,000 residents which it is
currently to a half a million in the
next 10 years Israeli settlements are
universally condemned among the
international community but no matter
what you think of them it's hard to
imagine that they're going away anytime
soon
what did you think that I was living in
you thought I was living in some sort of
tent that I was riding camels what what
did you have in your imaginary picture
the settlement movement there are half a
million people living here in solid
homes before 1996 or 100,000 Jews living
over the Green Line today we're
approaching half a million and that
number is just growing Jewish people
come home that's that's not going to
change in this video I talked to a lot
of settlers whose motivations were more
practical than ideological in the next
video I'm going to go to Jerusalem and
talk to the settlers who are at the
epicenter of the conflict so those whose
motivations are certainly much more
ideological than practical I also want
to note that in this video I talked to a
lot of American settlers in the West
Bank Americans make up about 15% of the
center population I also talked to
settlers from Holland and Russia and all
over the place the West Bank really is
full of settlers from all over the world
