when animals first of all they did so in
a microbial world they did so on a
planet that had been home to all these
organisms for billions of years this is
Ed young he's written a book about the
microorganisms that live inside us and
all around us and that predate us by a
lot if we condense all of Earth's
history
into a single calendar year then life
emerged round about March and
multicellular life from all the
organisms that we familiar with only
really came up in October or so and
humans emerged very very recently indeed
so we're sort of just the icing on on
life's cake from the time humans evolved
bacteria and other microbes would have
colonized every nook and cranny of our
bodies just like they had other animals
and they lived with us like that for
some 200,000 years until eventually
someone looked close enough to notice
that person was Antony van Leeuwenhoek
so this is the late 17th century in the
Netherlands and he's not a trained
scientist he's not a scholar but he has
two things that are really important one
is an insatiable curiosity and the other
are really really good lenses which he
grinds himself at that point microscopes
had been around for decades in England
Robert Hooke had published a book of
observations that was a popular success
it introduced the term cell for the
pores that he saw in a slice of cork
because they reminded him of the cells
in a monastery
but bacterial cells are much smaller
than plant cells while Hooke was using a
compound microscope that could magnify
20 to 30 times
Leeuwenhoek used single lens microscopes
that could magnify up to 260 times
though you might not expect that from
looking at them it's really like us -
brass rectangles that sandwich this tiny
tiny glass lens the spherical lens
between them but it basically looks like
a door hinge
the whole thing was just a few inches
long and the lens was as small as a
grain of rice and he would have held it
really close to his eye he would have
had to basically press his face up
against this thing and look through the
lens it would have been deeply
uncomfortable and very straining to
understand why his lens was so small you
have to know how magnifying glasses work
like any other lens they made use of the
fact that light bends when it enters
glass at an angle that's because light
travels more slowly through glass than
air and so the portion of the wavefront
that enters the glass first will slow
down while the other part continues at
the faster speed that's what makes the
light change direction both when it
enters and exits the lens now if you put
an object close enough to the lens the
bending light creates a virtual image
that's not the size of the real object
but the size it would be if the light
from the lens had traveled in a straight
line all along and if the lens is more
curved those lines get even steeper
meaning greater magnification so
Leeuwenhoek's lenses weren't just by
convex they were spherical and he knew
that he could make that curve even more
drastic by shrinking the whole lens down
as small as possible even if that meant
he had to get his eye uncomfortably
close to it and with that tiny bead of
glass Leeuwenhoek opened a peephole into
a whole new world he looked at his blood
and discovered blood cells he looked at
his semen and discovered sperm he looked
at different samples of water and saw
algae cells protozoa and bacteria
he called them little animals he went on
to peer into his own dental plaque and
he found bacteria there too and he
described what he saw in letters to the
Royal Society
he's the first person to see bacteria he
is the the only creature in let alone
human he's the only organism in the
entire history of life on Earth to
actually see the things that have been
the dominant players in life's history
and I think the great thing is that he
wasn't disgusted by it you know he saw
tiny living things living in his own
mouth and you know he he thought they
were cool it would be nearly two more
centuries before microbes were linked to
disease and even longer before we
understood that our microbes help us
digest food that they train our immune
system and help crowd out harmful
bacteria
now microscopes are much more powerful
than Leeuwenhoek's were but these days
it's a different tool altogether that's
enabling researchers to explore how
microbes affect human health
just like Levin Hoke found microbes
because he had the right tools now we're
seeing that the microbiome is important
because we have the right tools because
we have the ability to sequence the DNA
of microbes to identify them by just
scooping up a sample from the
environment and looking at their genes
if you were to take all the water out of
your poop twenty-five to fifty percent
of what's left is bacteria both dead and
alive so if you were feeling sad that
you can't see the microbes that make a
home on your body well it turns out you
kind of can
you
