my program is designed to put me at the
top that's Miranda gasps ooh who's
competing in the 2018 Winter Olympics in
Pyeongchang got the triple axel triple
triple another triple toe combo there's
a checklist I'm checking them all the
triple axel is an extremely difficult
jump which is why so few women ever
attempt it but for how many points it's
worth it's a risk worth taking as a 2018
US Figure Skating championship in San
Jose California Mirai failed to cleanly
land a triple axel
right here
while her Olympic teammate Brady Tonel
perfectly completed the easier double
axel
despite the stumble Mariah's jump was
worth almost two points more than
Brady's figure skating scoring is
complicated when the score comes up and
it says 127 point 48
I have no idea if I should be excited or
not I don't know what that means and the
new scoring system has changed how
competitors skate and how they win
here's how the current scoring system
works
skaters performed two routines the short
program and the free skate and they
received two sets of scores for each the
technical elements core evaluates a
difficulty and execution of a skaters
jumps spins and footwork each element
has a base value and a panel of nine
judges provides grade of execution
scores which range from plus three to
negative three the highest and the
lowest scores of the judges are ignored
an average of the remaining seven scores
is added to the base value the program
component score judges a skaters
presentation or artistry judges award
points from 0.25 to 10 on the main
program components including skating
skills transitions performance
composition and interpretation of the
music altogether the combined total
score of the short and free skate
determined the final standings the goal
of this new system is to make every
element accountable for and while it has
the system has also had a huge effect on
a sport and the skaters themselves
you're seeing a lot more skaters now try
all these quads and the program becomes
messy because maybe they're not so
consistent on it but they're hoping that
because it's a good base value that they
can up their technical score and then
their artistic store starts to to lag
behind
that's Sara Lipinski in 1998 she became
the youngest person to win an Olympic
gold for the ladies single event some of
the skaters are losing the artistry
because they're trying to cram in
everything when they're not prepared for
it yet the system rewards risk and
difficulty
merely attempting a difficult jump can
earn a higher score than perfecting a
slightly simpler jump skaters can
increase their grade of execution scores
and earn bonus points for things like
placing jumps into the second half of
the program or completing a jump with
your hands in the air but arguably it
seemingly gives less incentive for
skaters to simplify the routines and
perform elements cleanly if they do they
won't be able to win at the 2017 four
continents championship in Gangnam South
Korea Mariah's fellow Olympic teammate
Nathan Chen Juan gold and became the
first and only skater to complete five
different types of quadruple jumps in
competition based on the difficulty of
his elements Nathan's technical score
was thirty two point nine seven points
higher than Jason Brown who had no quads
in his routine unlike the program
components core there is no point
limitation on the technical elements
core but artistry is still important as
it can be the difference between two
skaters competing with similar technical
elements pushing the difficulty envelope
is not an inherently bad thing as it
helps the sport to evolve but I also
think of it at the same time we have to
figure out a way to make these these
skaters have have a clean skate because
at the end of the day when you strip the
drama in the politics of the sport
skaters like all athletes dedicate their
lives training and working towards this
one specific goal and they just want to
be able to skate knowing they've been
judged fairly it's why we have the new
system in the first place when it was
revealed that a French judge fixed the
results of the 2002 Olympic pairs event
so that the Russians would win the new
system was created as a step towards
accountability and decreasing
subjectivity
eating has always been a subjective
sport and it's not like racing or
basketball or hockey where it's easy to
see but you know performing is something
I really love and I love skating and so
I try to follow the rules to the best of
my ability and to garner as many points
as I can the International Skating Union
which governs the sport says it wants to
close the gap between the artistic and
technical aspects of the sport there are
proposals to reduce the base value of
quad jumps or have three different
metals one for technical and one for
artistic and one for all-around and
scoring changes have already been
approved like increasing grade of
execution scores to range from negative
5 to +5 and standardizing those
intervals these changes won't be
implemented until after the 2018
Olympics and whether they will produce
more artistry it remains to be seen we
have involved so much and it is harder
and it is going to continue to get
harder but that is the beauty of sport
and I can't wait to see what what'll
happen no guts no glory right
you
