this guy the one shrouded in darkness
he's the world's greatest internet troll
I prefer to call this bringing a banana
to a gunfight
he leaves notes on broken comment
sections like those on Yahoo syndicated
news sites and branded Facebook pages
and it works is more than 150,000 fans
on reddit a 40,000 person strong
Facebook page and it's all for leaving
comments I'm Ken M Karthi and I play a
well-meaning moron on the Internet
when it comes to the brain Ken M says
brain cells can outlive the body cells
can't be destroyed they just get
recycled the cells were made over once
the cells of dinosaurs before that they
were the cells of a star etc stupid
statement from any world viewpoint
it isn't stupid although it isn't the
cells per se but rather the molecules
that make up the cells we're all part of
everything I think it's kind of
beautiful very cells in our brains for
once the cells of Planets it make us all
related it isn't stupid although it
isn't the cells per se says Ophelia that
is my point it isn't cells and Ken just
continues with his ignorance there's
actually more cells in our brains and
there are brains in our entire body this
is how Kim M practices is craft point at
a craft you know I guess I should go
with it
Ken M uses anonymity this is what Ken M
looks like or this or this or this his
avatars and appearance are anonymous but
we know his name K M was the name that I
used when I try to engage with people
seriously on Yahoo news stories when I
slowly realized that it was such a
futile effort to try to have that
irrational discourse I suddenly decided
to make it as irrational as possible
it's literally my name the face however
is hidden for a reason the people that
like what I do have expressed and they
have absolutely no interest in seeing my
face it sort of demystifies a character
that they have visualized in their mind
it's not as funny if they see that it's
just some late 30s dude with
butthat hey it's a nice hat and Ken's
not a total recluse
we didn't disguise everything right he's
my mellifluous chain-smoking voice I've
cultivated over many years he was
discovered by being consistently funny
it all happened very organically and
accidentally nm was my username on on
Yahoo because I'm aging gen Xer and I
actually have a yahoo account it
accidentally got noticed by CollegeHumor
and reddit that is the origin story of
Ken M but along with Ken M's anonymity
the audience is just as important 10 M
finds collaborators top shots of the
week October 14 2013
most restaurants have giant servings of
spaghetti that only consists of a few
noodles and that is how they rip off
their customers so they rip off the
customers with more meat than noodles no
they make extra long spaghetti so they
can fill a giant plate with only two or
three noodles the sites that have the
most dysfunctional comic communities are
the ones that I go to Yahoo is
interesting to me because these are
bolder people who still for some strange
reason feel compelled to misbehave in
this way some of these interactions that
I have it's like borscht fella stuff I
say one thing and somebody's like what
do you mean and then I drop the
punchline and there's something like so
pure about that like corny old timey
joke structure that I love and then I
love the fact that these people don't
know that they're part of it the one I
pick it up is we make our own bacon it's
healthier with facetune flavor and then
somebody's like what do you mean and say
my wife crushes hot dogs with a rolling
pin
it becomes an improv session I've called
it like cowards improv and if I fail
nobody will know because I'll just not
post it sometimes I'll have a joke in my
back pocket but when I start with
something and then somebody sort of
forces me to take it in a different
direction that challenge is is really
really funny you know how to like sort
of double down without blowing your
cover
it's a funny and endearing surprise when
people try to help me out
when people are like good hearted about
my ignorance it just adds more more
to the interaction is this unexpected
and it's not just people who play along
Ken M uses brands another thing I'm
really fascinated by is the way brands
cynically and smugly pass themselves off
as authentic these people are
unwittingly playing a straight man role
it's some like you know nonsense
complaint followed by the brand covering
their ass by helping me out in any
possible way that they can this is not
really criticism so much it's just a
hilarious dynamic I was supposed to get
a free sample of your sausage product
but they ran out hi Ken thanks for
getting in touch can you please send us
a direct message located under our cover
photo
with your contact information so we can
help thank you please send this sausage
to 3250 Bueller Road Pensacola Florida
three to five to six hi kid can you send
us a direct message the link to send us
a direct message is located under our
cover photo
please put this as a direct message well
they were handing out pieces of your
sausage at Walmart but they ran out when
I was next in line and some folks took
more than one piece hi Ken can you send
me your phone number please thanks so
much thank you I set my number but I
have not received a call hi can you only
provide us with your address can you
show your number as well thanks so much
thank you our phone number is a landline
so we had to send it to your
headquarters in the regular old mail hi
Ken we have a package waiting for your
FedEx in Pensacola and they need your
phone number are you able to post in a
private message so you can receive it or
can you share it on here thank you thank
you I will have my grandson drive me to
FedEx this evening after church here's
my social security number they mailed me
like eight pounds ice or something
obsessive but the funny thing was by the
time it got to me it was rancid so they
won Ken M finds the humor in our tragic
Internet I like like as a writer I've
always been driven towards a combination
of funny and sad and I think that the
the nastiness online is completely
unnecessary but apparently like
necessary to a lot of people
is the sad part and so if I can inject
hyper silliness in the service of you
know finding that we're a strange joke
it just became kind of a cathartic
exercise it's not about like
highlighting you know how nasty people
are so much is it I just find it to be a
very funny dynamic innocent idiot nice
guy versus unnecessarily hostile
assholes inside the mysterious
underground city that's five thousand
years old
today's archaeologists seem hell-bent on
making discoveries at any cost
leaving nothing for future generations
that is quite possibly the stupidest
post I have ever seen on Yahoo
congratulations but they're squandering
the limited discoveries left to be
unearthed very stupid comment they
should at least plant new discoveries to
replace the ones they harvested
and the stupidity continues if you're
Ken M fan you can find links to all of
his stuff he posts it but I wanted to
make sure to point out what a funny
songwriter he is this is just a short
sample of a song that he wrote and
performed with that beautiful with Lois
chain-smoking points
