we use this everyday as a stand-in for
love and the human heart but it doesn't
really look like the real thing
Zachary Crockett at Price anomic has
looked into the history of this he says
that there are relics resembling the
heart shape from 3000 BC but these
shapes stood for ivy or fig leaves not
the heart it wasn't until several
centuries later that the heart became a
symbol representing love but the problem
was they didn't really know what the
heart looked like partially because of
the Catholic Church prohibited autopsies
so when artists tried to draw the heart
as a symbol of love like in this French
manuscript from 1250 it looked like this
by the time detailed anatomical drawings
appeared like those of Leonardo da Vinci
in the early 16th century the simplified
symbol had already taken root it became
a popular image in Catholic symbolism as
well as secular things like decks of
cards
eventually New York City's 1977 campaign
turned a heart symbol into a verb I Love
New York replacing the word love now
it's used in everything romantic
Valentine's Day cards emojis chocolate
but you can also find it in videogames
on Twitter and in ads for heart-healthy
food it might be a poor likeness for the
human heart but that's what makes it
such an enduring and versatile symbol
you
