more than 200 species of salamanders
have been banned from entering the US
some are brightly colored and secrete
irritating substances the government is
worried that foreign salamanders could
infect American salamanders with a
devastating disease you think it
salamanders and you think like oh okay
salamanders what's the point no saving
them but you know they're a huge part of
the ecosystem
I'm Brian Resnick I'm a science reporter
at Vox we don't think of salamanders as
an iconic American animal but they are I
spoke to Matt gray a professor about
wildlife ecology at the University of
Tennessee and he was telling me that if
you take all the bears the raccoons the
birds in the Great Smoky Mountains you
put them on a scale so you put all the
animals on the scale and then you put on
the other side of the scale all the
salamanders in the forest the
salamanders outweigh everything else
about 50% of all salamander species in
the world come from North America so
what's going wrong well there's this
fungus tree Oh get your tongue salva my
salamander and there's this fungus
called be stout which is believed to
have originated in Asia it spreads in
water and a red salamander skin which
they use for breathing and excreting
toxins for many species of salamanders
when they get this fungus they die so
how could a fungus like these I'll
travel all the way across the world to
the US well Asian salamanders are
colorful so they're imported for pet
shops and zoos they have developed an
immunity to be south but they're still
able to carry it to regions like the US
where salamanders have no immunity and
are the most vulnerable a few years ago
biologists in the Netherlands discovered
the fungus and a prevalent species of
fire salamander there
populations got reduced by 90% or more
than 90% the fungus is also related to
the ones that have been killing frogs
around the world so understandably
scientists are doing everything they can
to stop it from coming to the US
the sheer density and diversity of
salamanders make them a vital link in
forest food chains they're our source of
food for mammals like raccoons and foxes
for birds for fish and reptiles as well
they eat everything that's smaller than
them so they eat tons of insects tons of
little bugs and here's something to
think about
salamanders help prevent carbon from
entering the atmosphere so when leaves
fall to the ground in a forest there's
all these little insects worms or larvae
that eat the fallen leaves and in doing
so they kind of shred them up and
release some co2 back into the
atmosphere
salamanders prey on these bugs and in
doing so they help keep carbon locked in
leaves it's like there are so many
salamanders it's hard to imagine what
ecosystems look like without money
