there's this phrase that you might hear
in the news sometimes the
school-to-prison pipeline it's shorthand
for how schools are funneling students
especially black students into the
criminal justice system it's started in
the nineties when schools responded to
fears about crime with zero-tolerance
policies which mandated suspensions and
expulsions for certain violations they
also crack down on little things like
talking back or uniform violations the
hope was that it would keep bigger
problems from bubbling up but as a
result out-of-school suspensions have
doubled since the 1970s and they keep
increasing even though juvenile crime
rates have now been dropping for years
around the same time the number of
police officers stationed full-time
inside schools has increased by a third
between 1997 and 2007 ostensibly they
were there to prevent mass school
shootings like the one at Columbine but
they end up being a way for schools to
basically outsource discipline to the
police schools with officers have five
times as many arrests for disorderly
conduct as schools without them
sometimes the results are shocking but
the less visible effect is that schools
are feeding the racial disparities in
the criminal justice system consider the
fact that schools are more likely to
have an officer on their campus if the
student population is more than 50%
black you might assume that that's
because there's more crime at these
schools but although students at police
schools are more likely to be arrested
they're not actually more likely to be
charged in court for weapons drugs
alcohol or assault at least according to
one study during the 2010-2011 school
year one in six public school students
in the US were black but they accounted
for one in three arrests at school same
goes for other forms of school
discipline black students are suspended
or expelled three times more frequently
than white students it actually begins
in preschool 18 percent of preschoolers
are black but if all preschoolers
suspended more than once 48 percent are
black studies show that differences in
behavior can't fully account for these
disparities black students and white
students are sent to the principal's
office at similar rates but black
students are more likely to end up with
a series
punishment one study found that white
students are more likely to be suspended
for provable offenses like smoking or
vandalism black students are more likely
to be suspended for subjective
offensives like talking backdoor
insubordination students who are
suspended in school are more likely to
later drop out or get arrested so the
federal government is asking schools to
make suspension and expulsion the
absolute last resort in Oakland
California public schools are trying
something called restorative justice or
both parties in a conflict talk it out
with a counselor instead of relying on
punishment the results are pretty
encouraging in the last 10 years chronic
absenteeism is down and graduation rates
are up in the schools that have tried it
other cities and districts are also
trying new policies they're hoping that
if their students end up in the criminal
justice system at least it won't be
because the schools push them there
you
