there's one thing we all know about El
Nino El Nino is Spanish for but what is
the Nino so El Nino is this complex
weather phenomenon that recurs every two
to seven years in the Pacific affects
weather around the world to understand
how it works it helps to know about the
normal conditions in this part of the
ocean you have these trade winds across
the Pacific that blow from South America
all the way to Indonesia those winds
cause warm water to pile up near
Indonesia where the sea level is half a
meter higher than it is in South America
but during an El Nino year we don't
really understand why but those trade
winds start to weaken and that water
that was all piled up over by Indonesia
starts sloshing back east scientists
start seeing the water temperatures in
the central and eastern Pacific jump way
above normal and the rain follows that
pool of warm water toward the east so
that means less rain in Indonesia Papua
New Guinea you start getting droughts
you start getting more rain in places
like Peru where you get these floods
mudslides the warmer water off South
America also hurts the fishing industry
it was fishermen there who first gave
only nowit's name around the 1800s these
Peruvian fishermen started noticing a
warm current would appear around
Christmas time and they started calling
it the Christ child
so that's El Nino yeah baby Jesus Allah
knows can vary in strength and strong
ones will noticeably affect weather in
different ways all over the world in
Indonesia the fires that people set to
clear land for agriculture burn out of
control with less rain to put them out
120,000 people are suffering from acute
respiratory tract infections shrouded in
a blanket of haze caused by thick smoke
from forest fires and the warmer water
in the Pacific fuels storms there Hawaii
got hit by a bunch of hurricanes
recently Mexico got this record strength
hurricane and all the way on the other
side of the globe El Nino up ends rain
patterns in eastern and southern Africa
where food insecurity is already high
lack of rainfall and subsequent drought
has led to a massive spike in food and
water needs across the country El Nino
and it's inverse Lonnie Nia also tend to
show up in global average temperatures
paired with global warming El Nino made
2015 the hottest year on record and you
can see a similar spike back in 1998
during a record-breaking El Nino 23,000
people died 35 billion dollars in damage
for the last strong El Nino in 1997-98
so it's you know much bigger than any
individual hurricane or storm and it's
something that really can have these
huge impacts
