an internet troll is somebody who
deliberately gets under the skin of
someone else you get angrier and angrier
as you're being trolled that someone
keeps insisting on a position that seems
crazy and what we're seeing with Donald
Trump at least in effect is that with
Republican leaders this all started with
his announcement speech in New York it
was a rambling affair but he said some
of these controversial things about
immigrants and started to attract some
attention to his campaign there they're
bringing drugs they're bringing crime
they're rapists and then more recently
what we've seen over this past weekend
in Nevada and in Phoenix Arizona
he's been very much attracting bigger
crowd he's speaking for what he calls a
silent majority now the truth is it's
not a majority of the American public
it's not a majority of the Republican
Party but it is a segment of the
Republican Party that has been silent
and now has this huge megaphone to make
its case the Republican Party as it
stands now is largely white and aging
it's very difficult for the Republican
Party to reach out to Latino voters at a
time when the surging candidate and the
Republican presidential primary is a guy
who basically says send him home
we have horrible we have some terrible
people coming in he's lost some some
deals
I was notably his relationship with NBC
where he was the basically the main guy
on The Apprentice but the bigger problem
for Trump has been the Republican side
where Party leaders are trying to put
pressure on him to tone it down it'll
Reince Priebus not got on the phone with
Trump and please pull this back a little
bit you're making us look terrible and
Trump's reaction was to dial it up
there's no incentive for him to not be
troll the more he does it the more
attention he gets the more attention he
gets the more voters he seems to be
attracting to his candidacy and look
right now he's virtually tied with Jeb
Bush for the lead of the Republican
presidential nomination not bad for a
guy who used to be laughed at as he
screamed here fired on national
television we're almost a year and a
half away from the election so there's a
lot of time for Donald Trump to implode
and Republicans are praying that he does
but right now what he's basically doing
is making it impossible for
establishment Republican candidates to
go
more moderate on this question and
portray themselves in a way that will be
doing to the general electorate without
alienating you now Trump led
conservative bits if you're the
Democrats if you're Hillary Clinton you
are watching from the sidelines popcorn
in your mouth soda by your side and
hoping that this movie never ends
