hello you have a new email from generic
incorporated do you want to reply a
serie like voices is still at this point
in time
basically fairly robotic most people who
just hear me speaking on a daily basis
don't recognize me as the original voice
of Siri because the the pitch is a
little bit lower Siri talks down here a
little bit it's not as evenly paced as
if you were speaking naturally there
they're a little what I like to call
bumps and the concatenated voices that
came before Syria we're very very
robotic you'd hear things like hello how
are you you know you would never say
hello you have three appointments for
today you'd say hey you've got three
appointments today well when you see a
direction that says very peppy and
energetic so of course that's what you
do that would be a younger sounding
voice than my regular speaking voice oh
I would pitch it a little bit higher
sometimes when you walk through the
grocery aisle those other water brands
just all seem the same they're flashy
and desperate when you just want
something refreshing that's why you
should drink generic water the water
that doesn't try to be anything it's not
I would pitch it a little bit higher
pitch it in my head instead of in my
chest la la la la la la la la la see and
all of a sudden that you hit your brake
and then you'd have to go into falsetto
ah well you can tell very much from the
copy what kind of person they're looking
for it's important for you to keep in
your mind who you're talking to
typically we associate a deeper voice
with authority you think you know the
truth about Jake Gerald but who really
controls him in the last year he's taken
more than a hundred thousand dollars
from corporate bigwigs at generic
incorporated who do you want to
represent you someone who listens to the
people
someone who listens to big water in this
case the voice actor needs to sound like
it's taken such a long time for for
women to really break into this aspect
of voiceover because people generally
think of authority voices as male
fortunately that that has changed but
you know you're not gonna get someone
talking like that and saying you think
you know the truth about Jake Gerald's
but who really controls him it's not a
person that you probably would run into
on a daily basis listen up you think you
know the best water around you have no
idea
generic waters the hot new thing from
Miami to Fort Lauderdale guys and girls
everywhere are saying the same thing
let's get generic that one was just a
yeah that was a little over the top
adding breath yeah breath and and just a
real um edge a real edge to the voice
you know suddenly suddenly you're the
monster you know
you will drink the water
so people that do voice acting for a
living I have to think about all those
things about you know the pitch and the
tone and the pacing the cadence of their
speech who their audience is you know
who they're speaking to it's perhaps a
little bit more challenging than people
might imagine
