anyone who has played at ball machine
can relate to the experience of having
the claw perfectly positioned only to
see a weakly gray surprised before
pulling back up it may seem like the
machine isn't even trying and well it is
not your imagination those claw machines
are rigged
there are a couple of beloved stuffed
animals that I have that are from a claw
machine a koala and a bear that is
vox.com writer Phil Edwards I looked at
the instruction guides for a few the
biggest claw games out there
take for example be manual for black tie
toys advance crane machine if you look
at page eight section subheading cloth
strength you will see a horrifying piece
of information
managing profit is made easy simply
input the coin value the average value
of the merchandise and the profit level
the machine will automatically calculate
when to send full strength to the cloth
all right so if it costs 50 cents to
play the game and the prize inside costs
$7 to make a profit of 50% full power
will be sent to the cloth only about
once every 21 games or so that sucks
they also randomized that winning game
within a range so that players can't
predict exactly when it'll happen
and you might notice a subheading that
says dropping skill they can program the
machine to make you think you almost won
they taunt you with it you see the
stuffed animal flying in the air and
then it drops it and that just ruins
everything so most of the time claw
machines are actually more like slot
machines than like skee-ball or
whack-a-mole who's in charge here
the question of whether claw machines
are games of skill or chance goes back
to decades the earlier versions back in
the 1930s had very little element of
skill and were marketed as being highly
profitable for their owners
this was the Depression era and people
were desperate for ways to get money
moving during a crackdown on organized
crime in the 1950s federal law
classified claw machines as gambling
devices and prohibited the
transportation of them across state
lines after those laws were relaxed in
the 1970s newer claw machines from
Europe and Asia spread throughout the
United States they actually started
calling them skill cranes because the
joystick gave the players more precise
control but owners had increasing
control over profits as well and they've
been met with a patchwork of state and
local laws and regulations if machine
operators want to make that claw really
really unfair against the players
there's not a lot stopping them most of
the regulations focus on the prize size
not the strength of the claw that's a
reason that you might see fewer of the
winner free ipad claw machines or free
iphone claw machines around and more of
just old-fashioned stuffed animals it's
great if players know what they're up
against especially since sites like
YouTube have enabled claw machine
enthusiasts to broadcast their victories
like this guy my best outcome of this is
not that all the claw machines go away
since I first wrote this article I have
spent $1 I think on claw machines and
I've lost all I want for people to know
is that they are not the problem the
claw machine is the problem
basic crap
