how many ow why is it that some people
like spicy food and some people hate it
oh man how does that work I regret it
most spiciness is caused by one of two
chemicals a low ISO thiocyanate which is
what you find in wasabi or mustard and
capsaicin which is what you find in
peppers plants usually use these to fend
off predators like ants or fungi would
otherwise destroy their seeds before
they had a chance to spread it's like a
snake bit my tongue so why do you feel
that burning sensation when you're
eating spice when I swallow I feel on
the back of my throat almost like
there's actual temperature change going
on yeah if I don't talk it's actually
better you can definitely feel heat
build inside of your face well the way
your body reacts to capsaicin is the
same way it reacts to high temperatures
turn to regulate my heartbeat though
your palate is essentially being tricked
into thinking that it's actually burning
receptors in the throat in the mouth and
the tongue detect the presence of the
capsaicin and they send pain signals to
other parts of the body breathing in and
out hurts I'm certain to cry when you
consume capsaicin your body releases
endorphins which are natural stress
fighters you will learn to like spice by
associating the pain of capsaicin with
the positive rush of endorphins I feel
like I like gassed from a marathon
oh we rate Spice with the Scoville scale
which is invented by an American
pharmacist in Wilbur Scoville back in
1912 bell peppers are at the bottom with
zero jalapeno peppers ranked anywhere
from 2,500 to 10,000 which is actually
pretty low on the scale jump to
2,000,000 and you've got standard US
grade pepper spray and pure capsaicin
clocks in at 15 million that's hot
we've been eating spicy food for about
six thousand years if you think about
the genres of food that are usually
spicy like Mexican Indian and Thai
they're all very hot regions and there
are a couple reasons for that cooking
with spice traditionally helped get rid
of bacteria that could make people sick
especially in places with high humidity
and heat right now Oh
let's get awareness actually and the
next time you're sweating from a
particular spicy bite don't go for water
it's almost totally useless
what you need is milk yogurt rice liquor
or even peanut butter oils fats and
alcohol all help dissolve the capsaicin
water just doesn't help your receptors
don't dull or get any less sensitive the
more spicy weed your body just has to
learn to associate the pain with
pleasure
it hurts it tastes really good
yeah is worth paying all the burps does
taste like delicious
