this message delivered to you the people
of America the situation in Iraq and
Syria's disaster but there is one happy
fact about the scenario Isis is stalled
and in Iraq it's actually losing ground
if these trends continue Isis will be
unable to hold on to territory in Iraq
in the foreseeable future
when Isis swept northern Iraq in June
they looked unstoppable that's how these
victories possible these victories come
only from Allah as the agenda and that
is how with these small numbers of
soldiers that we have we take these
massive victories that their weaknesses
began to be exposed starting as early as
August 2014 when Isis made a boneheaded
mistake it invaded Araki Kurdistan and
threatened Erbil the Iraqi Kurdish
capital we will not stop fighting we
will not put down our weapons until we
reach your lands the fish burger
defended themselves and then turn the
tables on Isis and began offensive
maneuvers which seriously crimp Isis's
style in northern Iran bring every
nation that you wish to us bring every
nation that you want to come and fight
us it means nothing to us m√ºber there
were Americans in Erbil and the United
States was not going to allow Isis to
pose a serious threat to its own
citizens so in August the United States
began bombing Isis positions to protect
Kurdish Holdings and to protect the Azia
minority in Iraq who Isis had threatened
to exterminate and to the leaders to
Obama the tourney ever I say this these
weapons that we have these soldiers we
will not stop fighting we will not put
down our weapons the Iraqi army that was
swept over in June was weak disorganized
and full of people who fled from the
first sighted battle it's smaller now
but it has shown battlefield
capabilities particularly the Special
Forces in combat with Isis its
buttressed by an enormous amount of Shia
militias these militias together with
the Iraqi army are much more disciplined
and much more effective than the
scattered weak Iraqi army in June 2014
was and now that Isis is facing a
serious foe that's adapted itself to
their
tactics they're no longer as capable of
taking anyone by surprise the US
airstrikes since August and September
have been more effective than most
observers suggested the reason that's
true is Isis's obsession with territory
it wants to openly defend territory and
that means putting their troops out in
ways that make them vulnerable to
airpower in conventional battles
that's why US airstrikes have been so
effective at disrupting resistance bring
your planes bring everything you want to
us because it will not harm us why
because we have a la sua gen and this is
something that you do not have to say
Isis is losing isn't to say that Isis is
going to disintegrate sometime in the
next year or so this may take a while
and moreover the group may somehow
reconstitute itself as an insurgent
group or terrorist group after it loses
control territory the fact that Isis is
losing refers to the fact that it is
increasingly incapable of holding on to
territory which is its key mission right
now as the Islamic state
