I think in a lot of ways March Madness
is more fun than the NBA
I mean NBA has elite players who have
been working on their craft for years
but NC double-a is a lot more unexpected
because it features tiny schools like
Georgia State is beating off much bigger
powerhouse schools like Baylor which
that's not by accident the very
structure of the tournament increases
the chance of upsets occuring compared
to the NBA Playoffs there's gonna be an
upset somewhere the biggest thing by far
is that each round is just a single game
instead of a best-of-seven series if you
had two teams playing a thousand games
the favorite team would definitely win
but the smaller the sample size means
there's a higher chance of the unlikely
outcome occurring n-c-double-a games are
also shorter 40 minutes instead of 48
for the reducing the sample size when
you're an offense the shot clock tells
you how long you have before you have to
take a shot in college you can take up
to 35 seconds which means the underdogs
can slow down the game and cut down on
the number of possessions for their
opponents all these games are also
played on neutral courts so the favorite
team usually doesn't have any home court
advantage and often times if you have a
neutral crowd they'll start cheering for
the underdog because they want to see
the upset additionally the 3-point line
is a lot closer and then in the NBA
which means three-pointers are easier to
shoot the closer three allows for what's
called a high variant strategy shooting
a lot of three-pointers can backfire but
if you hit the shots it can allow you to
beat a team you wouldn't otherwise all
these factors mean that every year a few
big underdogs upset top teams usually
this happens in the earlier rounds but
on occasion it happens in the final four
or even the championship
