so a bunch of scientists from a company
called carbon 3d just introduced a
totally new kind of 3d printing they
were actually inspired to make it from
the movie Terminator to conventional 3d
printing involves a printing head that
passes over and over across a platform
depositing a thin layer of material each
time and this 3d printing forms an
object continuously out of a liquid
resin so what's happening here is you
have a bath of liquid resin that
solidifies when light hits it so the
platform dips into this resin and as it
rises up you have a projector underneath
the resin pool that's projecting a
series of cross-sectional images that
are in the exact shape of the object you
want to make so as the platform slowly
moves upwards the projector moves
through the different images the
different cross sections and that causes
the object to form in the shape you want
wherever there alter violet light
hitting it that's where the plastic
solidifies so this could be a big deal
because it's a lot faster than
conventional 3d printers it works in
minutes instead of hours right now 3d
printing is still kind of a niche
industry people use it to make models or
prototypes but if this new 3d printer
can be perfected it could be possible
for it to be used to make mass-produced
goods
you
