this is the Empire State Building with
102 floors it's one of the tallest
buildings in the US but it's four floors
shorter than the MSC Oscar which isn't a
building but a boat the largest
container ship in the world launched in
January 2015 the MSC Oscar is nearly the
size of four football fields laid
end-to-end it has a draught of 16 meters
which means that if you were to stand at
the bottom of the ship he'd be five
stories underwater it's one of 5,000
container ships crossing the world's
oceans carrying the vast majority of
products you buy and the parts of those
products were made for him
these ships are the engine of the global
economy but 60 years ago they didn't
even exist how did all this happen for
hundreds of years
shipping was a bit of a nightmare goods
had to be individually unloaded into
storage of ports then individually
packed on the ships and unpacked
afterwards this process was painfully
slow and expensive and had left items
vulnerable to damage and theft in 1956
Malcolm McLean an American Trucking
executive proved that you could save
time and money by loading truck
containers directly onto ships on the
other side they'd be put back onto
trucks or trains and reach their
destination without ever being opened
MacLean later got the government onboard
by using containerized service to help
the military provide supplies for the
Vietnam War problems in Vietnam have
been in the field of containerization
after the industry recognized how
efficient container shipping was the use
of container ships exploded
international standardization was the
key the unit of measurement is TE you
are 20-foot equivalent most containers
used today are twice as long
shippers quickly realized that the large
of the boat the cheaper the shipping
price per container so the size of the
largest ships has grown exponentially in
1999 a shipping executive predicted an
eventual ceiling of 12,000 tu but the
MSC Oscar has a capacity of over 19,000
to accommodate these huge ships courts
have been rebuild with vast yards to
store the containers and huge cranes to
load and unload them simultaneously in a
specific order today's biggest ships are
so huge that they can't actually fit
through the Panama Canal or dock into
any American port they're mostly used
for shipping between Europe and Asia
it's hard to overstate how much all this
has transformed the world economy after
containerization global trade and
merchandise soared while insurance costs
and inventories decreased jobs at ports
and in factories in the u.s. dropped
while consumers gained access to a
greater variety of goods at a lower
price as a result products we buy can be
made with parts from several different
countries by people on the other side of
the world and it's hard to imagine any
of this happening without someone first
deciding to put the stuff in a box and
put the Box on a boat
