today in Colorado we shipped marijuana
from the underground and into a
regulated market so much joy in my life
is thanks to so much pain in someone
else's forces are searching for a
hundred teenage girls the world you
remember that deep golden hands of the
terrorist Swami extremist known as Isis
have taken over about a third of the
rock they have rampaged across cities
killing innocent unarmed civilians and
cowardly acts of violence
Netanyahu says Hamas will pay following
the deaths of three Israeli teenagers
more than 2,000 Palestinians and more
than 16 Israelis have been killed since
the conflict in Gaza began on July 8 how
horrible must have been final moments of
their licks months into the worst Ebola
epidemic in history the world is losing
the battle to contain it it's as if you
need an awareness and an award that
everything is not working within this
happening and all you're looking for is
a divine goose invasion of privacy
impacting some of the biggest stars in
the world I spent this week answering
seemingly impossible questions mom why
did he do that
why is he in jail why didn't he get
fired
the people of Scotland have spoken we
have chosen unity over division we want
a true democracy we want genuine
universal suffrage but on the whole I
don't have to die the way that it's been
described to me that my brain tumor
would take me on its own you may kiss
your bride in the course of 36 hours we
have gone from being a country where
same-sex marriage is legal in 19 states
in the District of Columbia to 35 states
plus DC states that represents 65
percent of the population which state is
going to be lost
who could it possibly be Mississippi we
don't know
old saying you know the Americans they
always do the right thing
after they've tried everything else
first
they say ten point three million people
gained health insurance under the
Affordable Care Act if you've been in
America for more than five years you'll
be able to apply to stay in this country
temporarily without fear of deportation
the warmest temperatures since
record-keeping began in 1880 the latest
Wall Street Journal NBC News poll finds
climate change at the bottom of voters
priority list
the idea is one girl one person with
five foot two inches tall if you include
my high heels I am NOT a lone voice I am
those 66 million girls for the pride of
education and today I'm not raising my
voice it is the voice of those 66
million girls
