time zones were originally invented by
railroads in the late 19th century
because it was inconvenient for each
town to have its own time pick to the
local movement of the Sun but while
dividing the world up into a couple
different times is easier than having
hundreds it's way harder than just
having a single global time that doesn't
mean half the planet would have to wake
up in the middle of the night or sleep
in the morning 7:00 a.m. might be a
normal time to wake up if you live in
London while a New Yorker would be more
likely to rise at noon from Angelina at
3:00 p.m. by midnight
bartenders are still at work in Paris
but most of France would be asleep even
as Chicago sits down for dinner but if
you wanted to schedule a call with
people in Detroit and Dubai you could
just name a time with no ambiguity you
wouldn't need to remember of Detroit's
in central or Eastern time a six-hour
flight would land six hours after it
took off regardless of whether it went
east or west it's simple practical and
it's a logical extension of why we
created the zones in the first place
you
