the fighting between Israel and Hamas is
the worst that we've seen since 2009
what began as a limited conflict has
escalated into a major Israeli ground
offensive into Hamas held Gaza it's
resulted in hundreds of deaths here's
what happened and what it means it
started with the murder of three Israeli
young men in the West Bank they were
students they were kidnapped and killed
Israel responded to this because it
believed that the killings were done by
Hamas operatives it arrests a larger
number of mosques people in the West
Bank and launched airstrikes into Gaza
Palestinians from Gaza fired rockets in
response Israelis were furious and a
Palestinian boy was murdered by six
Israelis essentially from what Israeli
police say as an act of revenge or over
his cousin was beaten in Israeli police
custody this led to a wave of anger on
the Palestinian side on the morning of
July 8 Hamas launched a wave of 40
rockets in the direction of Israeli
towns with very little guidance for
aiming they've don't often hit targets
or produce many casualties but
nonetheless credit climate of terror
inside Israel these rocket attacks were
the first that Hamas had claimed
responsibility for since 2012 the last
major conflict in response Israel
launched more strikes in Gaza as part of
what Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said was an effort to make
Hamas pay a heavy price by July 11th 100
Palestinians had been killed by about a
thousand Israeli airstrikes by July 14th
the total casualties had exceeded the
2012 conflict and then on July 17th
Israeli troops entered Gaza to root out
tunnels into Israel that would allow
Hamas to strike Israeli targets were to
send soldiers in on the ground to attack
Israeli cities from military bases
after the ground offensive casualties
have skyrocketed we've come a long way
from 2009 when the Obama administration
came into office thinking that he'd get
the two sides on the same side I just
get a peace agreement done let alone the
heady optimism in the 90s that we saw
about israeli-palestinian peace the sad
path that led to an incredibly
devastating ground offensive in Gaza has
Illustrated just how hair-trigger the
israeli-palestinian conflict is even
slight provocations even things that
might not be planned by one side or the
other one can lead to massive
escalations and violence there's just
too much mistrust and too much division
to be able to solve these problems any
time in the near term that's the sad
truth of this conflict
