in the early part of last century
hundreds of thousands people got
whooping cough every year it wasn't
always lethal but it's always miserable
and we figured out a way to solve that
we got a vaccine we start getting people
the vaccine and sure enough by the 70s
only about a thousand people were
getting it per year but it stick back up
since then and it's now 15 times what it
was in the 1970s there are a lot of
reasons for that but a big one is that
people will just stop vaccinating their
candidates studies have shown that in
areas were a lot of parents don't
vaccinate their kids they're
significantly more likely to see
outbreaks of things like whooping cough
or measles measles was officially
eradicated in 2000 and yet there have
been 288 cases of it so far this year
that's way beyond anything in recent
memory but it's part of a trend there
are handful of celebrities who have
committed themselves to telling people
the vaccines rather than saving lives
are really unsafe vaccines that push
children into this neurological downside
which we call autism the doctor who
started all this in the late 90s it's
been thoroughly discredited he's
actually barred from practicing medicine
from Britain focusing made-up it's
numbers but that doesn't stop on
qualified celebrities from spreading
fear and fear matters the anti-vaccine
body count counted 128 thousand 44
vaccine preventable illnesses including
the thousand and 336 vaccine preventable
deaths in the u.s. since 2007 but in the
rest of the world
vaccines are the nothing short of a
miracle according to the Gates
Foundation about 2.5 million lives are
saved every year by vaccines a lot of
that is just smallpox law which used to
kill about 2 million people every year
and today kills 0 because we vaccinated
everyone against it so when it comes to
vaccines stop listening to the Cougs
start looking at the evidence
vaccinate your kid
