in February 2015
Gucci unveiled this very furry shoe I
love this ridiculous thing I can't
afford to spend $1000 but no problem I
can buy this knockoff or this one so
which of these are legal trick question
they all are and it's a constant fight
in the fashion industry in the US you
can protect songs movies at blue
represents millions of dollars and
countless jobs or paintings why not
fashion designs knockoffs mostly are not
counterfeits people tend to complete
them but they're not the same this is a
counterfeit it copies the symbols of the
brand that made the original the
counterfeits are typically illegal
knockoffs on the other hand just
resemble the design of the original and
that's usually fine that's because
intellectual property laws only protect
some kinds of designs a trademark is any
symbol that indicates to consumer is the
source of products or services this
medallion on the front which is the tory
burch logo tells you where the flat
comes from it comes from tory burch a
patent is different a useful and novel
invention they don't work for most
fashion designers because you can't get
damages until it's granted and by the
time it's granted most fashions are out
of fashion in fashion the main
battleground is copyright that is the
right exclusivity to copy or to
distribute an artistic or literary work
that is original like you're wearing a
sweater that was selected for you by the
people in this room but not the shape of
this shoe is not copyrightable fashion
designs are typically thought of as
useful articles copyright doesn't
protect useful things and only protects
artistic or literary things unlike a
song or a movie a shoe or a t-shirt has
utility as much as design but know this
oh my thing this might seem a certain
level to be kind of bizarre but there is
nonetheless a useful aspect to the
garment it does possibly keep you warm
it's art sort of now it's a gown you
have copyright in the painting I can
certainly have a copyright in the fabric
design I can't have a copyright in the
shape of the dress the Subcommittee on
intellectual property competition in the
internet will come to order the truth
the whole truth and nothing but the
truth so help you God
fashion design is intellectual property
that deserves protection we create
something from nothing at all and isn't
that the American dream
I don't agree with you but you're very
impressive in your testimony they say
well we're artists and we deserve
protection the answer to that argument
is at least in the States we don't tend
to make decisions about intellectual
property based on what people deserve we
tend to make decisions based on what we
think is healthy for creativity the
Constitution does give Congress the
right to stop copying but only to
promote the progress of creative
industries when you look at countries
across the world you'll see that there's
a correlation between the strength of
intellectual property laws and higher
GDP but in fashion spring Minh believes
that it's actually the ability to copy
that promotes progress fashion designers
take inspiration as they put it from
existing designs and they do this with
abandon but this is what creates trends
and trends sell fashion when the copying
proceeds to a certain point
fashion-forward people have had enough
they jump off they jump on to the new
trend that copying has helped to set
this rapid cycle created by the freedom
to copy actually forces the fashion
industry to innovate if you look at the
prices of fashion goods over time what
you see is that the top 10% of fashion
goods in terms of price price of these
is going up and up and up over time
whereas everything else those prices are
staying stable or maybe falling a little
bit over time it doesn't seem like
competition from knockoffs is
disciplining the price of the luxury
stuff what seems to be happening in the
fashion industry is what's happening in
America and indeed in the world the rich
are getting richer disproportionately
and the clothes they wear as a result
are getting much more expensive the
people who make those clothes the
companies that make those clothes will
profit new technology and the speed of
production has amplified these two views
on knock-offs
today digital images from runway shows
in New York can be uploaded to the
internet within minutes and be copied
and offered for sale online within days
which is months before the designer is
able to deliver the original garments to
stores that practice was not handed to
us by God or by law if the industry at
the high end was very concerned about
the speed of imitation
that practice would change it isn't so
it's hard to protect fashion designs
because it's not obvious that protecting
them promotes progress and from a legal
perspective that's all that matters even
though to the artists that's not the
only thing at stake
