check out that building with a hole in
it
here in Hong Kong there are dragons
floating everywhere you can't really see
them because you know they're dragons
they actually live up in the mountains
and they come down into the water and
when you block them from entering the
water you end up really messing up your
luck so they have accommodated this
situation by putting holes in the
buildings so that the dragons can fly
through these are called dragon gates
and they are one of many examples of how
Fung Shui the ancient Chinese practice
is affecting the skyline of Hong Kong so
function a is this ancient Chinese
belief superstition the basic idea is
that there is good energy out there
floating around good luck good fortune
called Chi and if you arrange your
physical environment in an optimal way
you can channel that good luck in the
best way and things will go good for you
this usually takes the form of like
furniture and Terrier design but here
Hong Kong it has affected the skyline
all right first let's look at this HSBC
building the Hong Kong Shanghai Bank was
founded back in the days of pirates and
opium baron first thing you'll notice is
that it's nicely squared off with the
mountains in the back and harbor in the
front
this is really good composition for the
Chi to flow not only is the lobby
elevated but it's also the escalators
are at this angle it's kind of a weird
looking angle that's intentional as well
because it's actually meant to fend off
the bad luck as it's coming through this
hole in the bottom of the building and
then of course the opposite is true if
you don't arrange your physical
environment in an optimal way then bad
luck will befall you right next door is
the Communist Bank of Red China the
developers of this building explicitly
ignore the Fung Shui masters who were
concerned that the sharp angles of this
design would cut the good Chi and create
bad luck for all of the surrounding
buildings the people who thought this
had their suspicions reinforced when
shortly after the building is complete
bad stuff started happening around it
like to this neighboring building which
has been riddled with financial and
security corporate collapse bankruptcies
since it's very beginning and Fung Shui
masters have come out and cited the bad
feng shui of the area as a major cause
for these events governor of Hong Kong
at the time whose house sits in the
shadow of this building died of a fatal
heart attack just a one year after this
building was complete so the HSBC
building in response put up these
maintenance cranes that actually look
like cannons and they're pointed right
at the Bank of China in order to combat
all of this bad luck that's coming from
this sharp building
when developers are designing and
putting up these buildings they hire
these Fung Shui consultants they spend
millions of dollars on consultants who
will give them advice and approve their
design decisions to make sure that
they're in keeping with good feng shui
out here in disneyland hong kong the
Fung Shui masters said that the entrance
was in a bad position for keeping good
luck in the park
so they shifted the entrance by 12
degrees in order to create a blockade
from the good luck escaping the park and
ruining the prosperity of this place
Fung Shui comes from China mainland
China but during the Cultural Revolution
China kind of stamped out some of these
old practices that they believed were
holding the society back in function way
fell victim to that but Hong Kong at
that time was ruled by the British it
was British colony so it didn't fall
subject to that Cultural Revolution and
Fung Shui was preserved in a very
mainstream way check out this building
it's the Hopewell Center when this thing
went up people freaked out because it
kind of looked like a candle or like a
smoking cigarette they put a swimming
pool on the top in order to extinguish
the fire and make sure that it didn't
mess with the good luck of the city the
government takes this stuff really
seriously - between 2011 and 2016 they
paid out 1.1 million dollars in Fung
Shui disturbin subsidies this is paid
out to people who complain that new
constructions disrupt their Fung Shui
and they get compensated by the
government so next time you are crossing
this Harbor to look at these beautiful
buildings just remember that function a
is at play in Hong Kong skyline
