you ever notice this instruction that's
in nearly every baking recipe preheating
your oven to 350 degrees is sort of a
basic requirement for baking in America
our ovens even do it automatically as we
turn them on but have you ever stopped
and asked yourself what's so special
about this number I love to bake but I
am certainly not a pastry chef so let's
meet someone with a bit more experience
this is michael laiskonis the creative
director at the Institute of Culinary
Education he's a pastry chef so
temperature is really important in
baking not only to develop color and
flavor but also to control the moisture
in our products because the temperature
rises and moisture is lost at the
surface we get browning and also the
creation of flavor compounds that didn't
exist in that product previously this
happens because of a chemical process
known as a Meyer reaction which happens
when proteins and sugars are transformed
by heat and moisture when sugar
molecules are exposed to the heat in
your oven they start to reduce or break
down and interact with the proteins
that's when you can see your pastry
turning golden brown but it's not just
about that physical transformation you
can taste the effects of the mired
reaction - that's what gives us the
flavors of the golden crust on a piece
of bread or a nice sear on a steak or
that mellow richness of say caramelized
onions the trick behind that reaction is
to find the perfect temperature that
sets it into action without over or
under doing it these recipes might make
you think that the mired reaction occurs
at 350 degrees
but actually so these my order actions
tend to occur at a fairly low
temperature around 230 to 240 degrees
Fahrenheit we want to manipulate the
rate at which this reaction occurs both
of the surface and internally to get the
results you want
like we bake to cool the entire cookie
for example will dry out before we get
that surface drying that will lead to
Brown if we make anything too hot an
oven the opposite occurs that we get
burning to get it just right we preheat
the oven to 350 degrees so the mired
reaction has time to occur throughout
the entire cookie for most home cooks
and to also account for the fact that
everyone's oven is slightly different
I think 350 is a great
benchmark to work life it's a safe
standard for most people but the number
can also be altered to yield different
results some pastry chefs might bake at
325 they want to let our colored cookie
and some push it to 375 they want
something crispier a lot of things that
contemporary bakers tend to forget is
not too long ago in history we didn't
have as much control over our ovens or
being a pastry chef mints being able to
build a fire and maintain an oven
temperature before the 1900s when ovens
didn't have temperature regulators
recipe writers instructed bakers to cook
in a moderate hot or slow oven depending
on the food after the Second World War
the temperature gauge was developed and
it became widely popular across
households modern ovens typically ranged
from 200 to 550 degrees so overtime
recipe writers converted these
temperature guidelines to actual numbers
they settled on the 350 marks for
moderate which was the sweet spot for
baking using these more specific numbers
is really a result of better oven design
and better oven control and the more you
understand about what goes on inside
your oven the better results you'll get
and who doesn't want a better cookie
everyone thanks for watching if you're
interested in more food content head on
over to our sister channel eater they've
got this cool series where they test out
different kitchen gadgets and they
recently put up a video on pressure
cookers
