it was a secret World War two project
with an urgent mission develop a
powerful new bomb to fend off the
Germans who were threatening the
European continent British scientists
tried to perfect a chemical bond they
referred to as research department
explosive or RDX nearly twice as
powerful as TNT RDX most powerful
explosive in existence it's so dangerous
in the raw state that it must be stored
underwater but they needed thousands of
tons to win the war and they couldn't
make it fast enough
that is until American chemists figured
out a way to mass-produce it a team of
scientists secretly assembled by the
government invented a new process to
manufacture these super explosives
churning out hundreds of tons in a day
RDX transformed weapons overnight half
of the American bazooka it enabled the
world's first handheld rocket launcher
to pierce armor it was packed into a
10,000 pound underwater bomb it was
disguised as pancake mix in an operation
called the Aunt Jemima project RDX
spawned the greatest period of military
manufacturing in history but half a
century later the ingenious chemicals
that boosted the US military are
inflicting aftershocks in our own
backyards RDX is a dangerous pollutant
that's found its way into our soils and
drinking water supplies and the
Environmental Protection Agency has been
tasked with figuring out exactly how
much of a health risk it poses to us and
how much of the mess the government
needs to clean up
here's what we know about the unique
environmental threat that is RDX the
first series of long-term experiments
was conducted by the Pentagon in the
1980s they fed high doses of RDX to rats
and mice and watched them for two years
as the dosage increased the RDX made
them agitated their hearts became
enlarged their eyes grew discolored then
opaque of the hundreds of animals they
experimented on with the highest doses
about half died of these mice with
moderate to heavy doses one in six
females grew rare tumors on their livers
or lungs roughly half of which were
malignant liver cancer was also noted in
the male rats so it all added up to a
statistically significant and alarming
sign that RDX could cause cancer in
people but the studies were never
peer-reviewed or published after the
military shared its final reports with
the EPA the agency classified RDX as a
possible human carcinogen in 1990 a
warning that it was potentially
dangerous and deserved more study it
came at a time when RDX contamination
was cropping up at sites across the
country at bomb-making plants and
testing ranges it spread into the soil
and water supplies take the case of
Mapleton Utah with quaint Homes and
Gardens where residents grew their own
food at least until 1997 when residents
got a letter from the nearby Trojan
plant which was contracted by the
military to manufacture and recycled
bomb materials the letter said don't be
alarmed but if you use the water from
your well for culinary purposes we ask
that you contact us immediately for at
least 20 years the Trojan plant
discarded waste including pure RDX and
de pons and an unlined irrigation ditch
six neighbors all living within a
quarter-mile of that ditch had developed
cancer since living there and they found
out the Trojan plant was well aware of
the ground water RDX pollution years
before they told the residents but to
hold the company accountable for their
cancers their residents needed to prove
the dangers of RDX itself a professor
they hired linked two of the compounds
found in RDX with the type of cancer
that several the Mapleton residents had
he calculated Mapleton had twice as many
cases of non-hodgkins lymphoma and three
times as many cases of leukemia than
would have been expected in the area his
team concluded that residents got their
cancer by eating food grown with RDX
contaminated water vegetables seemed to
concentrate the chemicals and amplify
their exposure calculations suggested
eating a carrot from one of their
Gardens was 286 times worse than simply
drinking the RDX contaminated water but
the Mapleton case never made it to trial
in 2002 the plant settled with the
families for an undisclosed amount of
money without admitting guilt and
several the plaintiffs have died today
the Pentagon continues to manufacture
RDX and uses it widely and the number of
communities that face environmental
threats from it has continued to grow
RDX has been found everywhere from wells
near Fort Jackson in Columbia South
Carolina to the drinking water near
Kingsport Tennessee and the groundwater
across an old missile factory near Los
Angeles in fact for the first time we
know the extent of the u.s. military's
role as a polluter for p√∫blica got data
pinpointing thousands of sites across
the country where the government has
identified pollution on defense
properties there are more than 150 cases
with RDX contamination for decades as
these cases were documented the US
military claimed immunity from EPA
oversight and tried to evade
environmental regulations which would
force them to clean it up but in 2012
the EPA decided it would reassess the
risks the chemical posed to people and
so they began a new review on everything
we know about RDX if the EPA decided to
regulate RDX is a chemical contaminant
that would mean an enormous increase for
the Pentagon's environmental cleanup
bill which is already at around 70
billion dollars the final results are
still to come but as the EPA conducts
its review there's one thing that's
still missing credible science if the
government wants evidence of whether RDX
is connected to cancer the best way is
to replicate the earlier controlled
experiments with live mice and rats but
that has never been done instead the
Department of Defense has conducted
dozens of studies that cast doubt on RDX
effects and support the Pentagon's
position that it poses little public
threat
these studies were funded by the
military an agency with a stake in the
outcome of the EPA's decision so there's
skepticism about the objectivity but
that doesn't automatically mean their
research isn't good science some were
even validated through peer review even
though the EPA appeared ready in 2013 to
label RDX a likely carcinogen it is now
poised to downplay its risk with a tag
that says it's merely suggestive of
cancer the agency is set to decide the
fate of RDX next year now under the
Trump administration there are concerns
that the sole agency responsible for
informing the American public about
environmental health risk is bowing
under pressure from the Department of
Defense and the chemical industry
