how did this take over the Internet
this video is not safe for work
this is pinkeye he's part of the lore of
the filthy Frank
omniverse more on that later even if you
haven't seen filthy Frank on YouTube
you've probably seen his impact he's
reached the Billboard charts as pink guy
with stunningly profane raps and
collaborated with mainstream youtubers
if you don't know these celebrities you
probably remember this in 2013 everyone
in the world was doing the Harlem shake
it became a corporate trend for stuff
like hot pockets filthy Frank & Co they
started that he in his fans even touched
this video by that I mean his fans kind
of made us do it
I just saw a Vox video saying you could
comment down below on what you wanted
the video to be we're gonna commit to
make a video on the top comment from
this video I went on the filthy Frank
subreddit and that directed people to a
comment asked to do a filthy bank video
a lot of your contents it has a
reputation being very politically
correct I think people just wanted to
see what you're taking through the same
to be frank is very politically
incorrect he indulges in racial ethnic
and cultural stereotypes for just about
every single country and he's
unflinchingly disgusting but filthy
Frank is not just rants his series has
an elaborate mythology that's crucial to
understanding his success and his career
says something about the future of all
shock comedy in an age when youtubers
don't just flout taboos they ignore them
completely
filthy Frank and the characters of it
are just that their characters jouji is
absolutely nothing like that he's taking
a lot of why teenagers to teenage guys
think and they're edgy humor and putting
it into a character putting into a whole
entire omniverse of beings that all kind
of exemplify that filthy Frank fans like
a bee dissect this youtuber in parts at
the top is George Miller the guy who
makes all this stuff so hello the
persona closest to him is Joe gee a
music project so generically hipster
that it should be sold bundled with a
flannel and knit cap music outlets have
supported him in this new identity
portraying him as a quirky totally chill
bro not somebody who profited off cruel
humor but most fans know him as pink guy
filthy Frank and related subchapters
pink guy released those chart-topping
albums with songs like anti
pinkeye has also been in skits alongside
Frank where he's often mute or
incomprehensible or he appears in
glorified prank videos where he spasms
about and gets oddly muted reactions
filthy Frank is equally scattered
occasionally heesu may ironically pranks
people in the real world sometimes he's
in skits and other times he just has
offensive rants about commenters and
stuff like Pokemon go just to be
explicit about what Frank is willing to
do he has dined on vomit cooked dead
rats and even dressed like Guy Fieri
the only overriding rule everybody gets
shit Frank kiss and everything because
he swears I'm recording him he says what
do you support prejudice equality
everyone gets shit you can make critical
gestures at describing Frank's work
David Lynch Plus Weird Al plus head
injuries I feel like every generation
has liked that Ren and Stimpy are like
Three Stooges just kind of like you know
it's it's really kind of gross and bad
humor but for some reason you can't stop
watching it it's like going back to the
two girls one company's you didn't like
it but you liked seeing your friends
watch all these different sides to the
profane nonsense of George Miller can
seem like unfiltered garbage yet some of
his millions of YouTube fans are happy
to talk about it
well most fans cuz you guys actually
lower my voice a little bit so it
doesn't sound like I'm the person I am
they argue it's more than just
outrageous comedy it's art it all
started with pink guy there was a
competition with a lycra covered being
named red dick and powerful prometheus
on the verge of defeat pinkeye signs the
Dark Lord
Chinchin Frank fans believe in elaborate
mythology a lure is key to understanding
the comedy of Frank and they'll parse
all things filthy Frank to get it right
you'll find hours of compiled lore
videos on YouTube a Wikia as well as a
book
none of the lore is completely
consistent but to fans that's either
reconcilable or not an issue
is there a cosmology to what is known as
they thought they Frank omniverse the
book basically just threw me off and so
I'm kind of starting again I do
press players of both male and female
characters so the Frank is pretty
popular with a lot of anime communities
so I actually had to rewatch that
specific video a couple of like couple
scenes a couple times to you know figure
out okay what shoes are is he wearing
how's his hair and look it's a little
kind of because the the lorry just kind
of happened so he just kind of developed
randomly and then the community got
involved and then Frank just kind of
went okay lore layers artifice over the
offense it paints Frank as an artist not
a bomb thrower it's the same dynamic
that lets ventriloquist Jeff Dunham
blame his puppets Oh your icons are
chicken Erik come on take the door I
don't know you know how racist that is
docile is this all
and for Miller it also serves as a way
out
when Fox airs pedophile jokes on Family
Guy or Danny DeVito gets oiled up on
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
there's an implicit promise the disgust
is okay because a big company is in on
the joke for when Sasha Baron Cohen
plays two stereotypes as Borat and Bruno
he earns fawning articles about his
inventive costumes we don't get outraged
when bono is in on the joke but
independent youtubers can't buy
legitimacy the lor lends Miller
credibility the offensive humor of
filthy Frank has a purpose it because
like a showcase of the the semi- sides
of humanity that actually are very
intertwined with the positives of
humanity that credit doesn't always roll
over to other YouTube stars I've been in
the pewdiepie scene since he had like
200,000 subscribers I believe two things
beauty by seis are actually beautify
saying PewDiePie is just a nickname for
Felix filthy Frank is an alter-ego I see
Joe G as an artist he created a
character he's writing a character he's
trying to show the human embodiment of
what you should not be but there's a bit
of a contradiction for Miller himself he
benefits from these success and fanbase
the character brought him but he doesn't
want to be tinged by its toxic appeal in
one video he asked the fanbase to see
beyond his characters to understand him
he revealed his own life he shared
details about his worries his then
college life and his medical problems it
was a plea to be seen as an artist not
an asshole he will not know existed
and that it was just these guys really
gave me a lot of stress you know because
I'm a normal person just like the rest
of you guys that video he was reloaded
by a fan George Miller deleted on the
toys-r-us I want people to find out I
watch this crazy insane stuff and I'm
talking about it for locksmith
