at the edge of Central Park in Manhattan
there's a bronze statue of a doctor
named James Marion Sims whose brilliant
achievement carried the fame of American
surgery throughout the entire world he's
the guy who created the vaginal speculum
an instrument gynecologists used for
examination he pioneered the surgical
repair for fistula a complication from
childbirth and became known as the
father of modern gynecology
but that brilliant achievement was the
result of a series of excruciating
experimental surgeries that he conducted
on enslaved women in a lot of ways sims
epitomizes the story of American
medicine for black women it's a system
that's failing them to this day from
infant mortality to life expectancy the
racial disparities in healthcare are
staggering the gulf between black and
white might be widest when we look at
maternal mortality with black women
three to four times more likely to die
in connection with pregnancy or birth
than white women and that divide can be
traced back to doctors like Simms who
contributed to a long largely overlooked
history of institutional racism in
medicine trying to understand a
historical problem without knowing its
history it's like trying to treat a
patient without eliciting a thorough
medical history you're doomed to failure
doc Harriet Washington a medical
ethicist and author who chronicled the
intersection of race and medicine in her
book medical apartheid while many of the
stark racial disparities in healthcare
can be attributed to environmental and
economic factors like access to good
health care studies show that minority
patients tend to receive a lower quality
of care than
minorities even when they have the same
types of health insurance or the same
ability to pay for care as
african-americans we've been abused for
so long consistently by the system why
should we trust it why should we go to
an ill and that's a otra phobia that's a
fear of the healer
you know inculcated by the behavior of
those here the healers unfortunately it
starts with slavery doctors relied on
slave owners for financial stability
they accompanied plantation masters to
auctions to verify the fitness of slaves
and were called in to treat sick slaves
to protect their owners investments in
1807 Congress abolished the importation
of slaves and in turn pushed black woman
to have more children to essentially
breed slaves founding father Thomas
Jefferson later wrote I consider a woman
who brings a child every two years as
more profitable than the best man on the
farm around the 1830s the abolitionist
movement led to the rise of what was
called Negro medicine or efforts to
identify black inferiority to justify
slavery and there were polygenesis who
tried to use both science and the Bible
to find proof that races evolved from
different origins the 1830s also marked
the beginning of recorded
experimentation on black women's bodies
one doctor performed experimental
c-sections on slaves another one
perfected the dangerous ovary atomy or
removal of an ovary by testing the
procedure on slave women in fact half
the original articles in the 1836
southern medical and surgical journal
dealt with experiments on black people
and then of course there was James
Marion Sims whose reputation is etched
in history and on that statue in Central
Park between 1845 and 1849 Sims began
performing experimental surgeries on a
17-year old slave named an ARCA he
eventually performed 30 operations on an
ARCA and more surgeries on about 11
other female slaves when his male
colleagues could no longer bear to
assist him in inflicting pain on the
women
the slaves took turns restraining one
another yet paintings depicting Sims an
ARCA and other slave women presented a
subdued version of his experiments even
though anesthesia was introduced in 1846
Sims chose not to use it for his
experimentation with slaves his
practices echoed one of the most
prevalent and dangerous beliefs in
medicine at the time that black people
did not feel pain or anxiety this book
from 1851 titled the natural history of
human species claimed the American dark
races bare with indifference tortures
insupportable to a white man studies
released as recently as last year
demonstrate that black people are less
likely to be treated for pain
particularly in the ER there's even one
from a Children's Hospital that found
the same to be true for kids and just
this year Pearson Education a leading
educational publisher issued an apology
and recalled nursing textbooks that
included racist stereotypes like this
section that said black people often
report higher pain intensity than other
cultures well what does it mean when you
say that someone doesn't feel pain among
other things you're speaking about their
humanity these are all part of that
suite of beliefs emanating from the 19th
century that we still have not shaken
huh
despite all our knowledge and
sophistication they're deeply ingrained
doctors like Simms might fit the dr.
Frankenstein stereotype but they weren't
outliers historically southern doctors
who used black bodies for troubling
experiments were the norm it's a very
common question how can we judge our
forebears you know those guys in the
18th century or practiced medicine the
way that appalls us today you know we
think how could you do that I did not
judge the practitioners based on our own
ethics I judge them based on the ethics
of their time it was not acceptable back
then we just did not hear from the
people who protested against it after
the Civil War ended the 1900s brought a
wave of immigrants to the US it sparked
a race panic and coincided with the
birth of the American eugenics movement
one of the movements key objectives was
to reduce the childbearing potential of
the poor and disabled leaders included
birth control pioneer
and Planned Parenthood founder Margaret
Sanger who eventually devised the
controversial Negro project or family
planning centers that pushed birth
control in the black south it was a
project that even garnered support from
W EB Dubois a founder of the n-double
a-c-p who wrote that black people bred
carelessly and disastrously by the mid
1930s more than half the states passed
Pro sterilization laws and often
sterilization was forced in 1961 future
civil rights leader fannie lou hamer
went to the hospital to have a tumor
removed but was subjected to a
hysterectomy without consent the
procedure which rendered women infertile
without their knowledge was so common in
the South that Hamer is said to have
dubbed it the Mississippi appendectomy
african-american babies were no longer
economically valuable and
african-americans themselves had gone
from being a resource to a nuisance in
June of 1973 the SPLC uncovered 100 to
150 thousand cases of women who had been
sterilized with federal funds in Alabama
half the women were black
in recent decades women of color
continued to be exposed to Julius
reproductive health programs in December
1990 the FDA approved a contraceptive
called Norplant and it was selectively
marketed to black teenagers in Baltimore
schools fans like David Duke the former
KKK Grand Wizard even introduced
legislation to give women on welfare an
annual reward of $100 if they agreed to
get more plans that bill never passed
but the implant ignited a debate on
whether long-term contraception like
Norplant the lasted five years could be
used as a form of social engineering
when pushed to specific communities
today as we continue to lose black
mothers at alarming rates a deeper look
at the past may be a good step towards
creating a more equitable health care
system
hi guys thanks for watching of course
there's a lot more to the history of how
the US medical system has mistreated
people of color than we could fit in the
video everything from the Tuskegee
experiments to Jim Crow laws segregating
hospitals but we hope it starts to give
some context to the racial disparities
we see in medicine today
ProPublica has been reporting on the
disparities in maternal mortality in the
US and how it's the most dangerous
industrialized country in which to give
birth check out that feature piece in
the link below and we're seeking your
help in understanding the problem so if
you nearly died during pregnancy or you
know someone who died due to childbirth
related complications then check out
that link in the description thanks
again
