the American system really in a lot of
ways discourages participation elections
for Congress in the United States are
based on a plurality winner system where
you live in one district candidates from
two or more parties go run in that
district and then whoever gets the most
votes wins y know many of our maps are
incredibly disproportional and in a
state like North Carolina Democrats got
47% of the vote but Republicans have
over two-thirds of the seats I mean
while most of us end up living in
congressional districts that aren't
competitive where often the opposition
party doesn't run a candidate at all we
end up focusing on a handful of swing
seats that happen to be narrowly
balanced there's a very strong incentive
to vote for one of the two major parties
because people don't want to waste their
vote by supporting a third party with no
chance of winning when you have 330
million people and two parties trying to
represent them lots of people inevitably
you're gonna feel left out you have
incredible levels now in the United
States of dissatisfaction with the
political parties Americans should think
more seriously about switching from our
current electoral system to one of any
number of more proportional alternatives
that could solve a lot of problems that
exist in American voting today in a
party list system it's very simple
everybody in the state they would go to
the voting booth and they would vote for
a party that they liked best and then at
the end we would see how many votes did
each party get and if you got 25 or 30
or 40 percent of the vote that's how
many seats you would get and then the
Seas would be filled by just sort of
running down a list that party leaders
had made for themselves
Israel Finland Norway Sweden Germany New
Zealand all used variations on this
system and as a result voters have lots
of choices when it comes to finding a
party that represents their interests
and voter turnout in these countries is
much higher than in the United States
another popular system it is called an
alternative vote system you show up and
you have to rank a whole bunch of
candidates in order of preference a
constituency will elect a whole bunch of
different members as individuals but
it's still gonna work out that if 40% of
people were for Democrats they'll end up
with 40% of the seats this is how
legislators get elected in Australia in
Ireland and there too you see lots of
political parties in the American system
a losses a loss so Republicans don't
really put resources into House races in
Massachusetts and Democrats pretty much
ignore a place like Alabama but in a
proportional system both parties would
need to fight everywhere then they would
need to try to engage citizens
everywhere there's no constitutional
requirement in the United States that
everybody use this district based system
most states could adopt elements of a
proportional system if they wanted to
sure the connection between a specific
place in a specific legislature would
weaken a bit but it would also solve the
problems of gerrymandered districts and
break the two-party hold in our
political system you would get a wider
range of views represented you would get
a wider range of talents involved in the
system and you have more people feeling
that they're represented
