we are a territory with a with a
national personality
we need our independence i watch amish
gente case somos Espanola el portal FL
espana strain is in the middle of a
political battle that threatens to split
the country the region of Catalonia held
a referendum to decide if they wanted to
become an independent state and
therefore separate from Spain the
Spanish Constitutional Court's rule the
referendum illegal and the central
government tried to stop it from
happening
they arrested government officials who
are planning on holding the boat
confiscated ballots and closed polling
stations undeterred the regional Catalan
government announced that voters could
print their ballots at home and vote at
any open polling station it didn't take
long for the situation to escalate
nearly 1000 people were injured in the
violence five of them seriously as for
the results 90 percent of participants
voted to secede this would seem like
almost unanimous approval but less than
half of all eligible voters in Catalonia
turned out to vote based on the results
the Catalan government is threatening to
declare independence from Spain
unilaterally in response the spanish
government is preparing an unprecedented
takeover of catalonia's regional powers
which will remove its leaders from
office so how did they get here Spain is
made up of 17 semi-autonomous regions
each with their own identity some like
Catalonia are distinct enough that they
have their own language as well as
culture cuisine and literature Spain is
a decentralized unified state that means
that autonomous regions like Catalonia
are governed according to the National
Constitution as well as laws enacted
independently by each regional
government but it wasn't always this way
from 1939 to 1975 Spain lived under a
fascist dictatorship Francisco Franco
eliminated Democratic liberties freedom
of the press and political opposition he
also crushed regional diversity around
the country to impose a single national
identity for Catalonia that meant
suppressing the catalan language as well
as local traditions it was a big blow to
the Catalan culture when Franco died in
1975 Spain transitioned into a democracy
and the newly created Constitution
expanded autonomy in the regions
the Constitution allowed for a few
things Catalonia self-governance it
recognized Catalan is an official
language of Catalonia and was
specifically recognizing autonomy in the
regions that comprise Spain it also
cemented that Spain was indivisible as
Spain's democracy strengthened so did
catalonia's pride then for the first
time since the Constitution was created
Catalans tried to expand their autonomy
the 2006 referendum called for many
things it called for a new economic
model for Catalonia to define Catalonia
as a nation and to privilege the Catalan
language over Spanish after four years
of legal battles the Constitutional
Court struck down some of the amendments
when the constitutional ruling was
announced 1 million Catalans went to the
streets of Barcelona where they carried
signs that read we are a nation we
decide
there are economic motivations for
independence to Catalonia is one of the
most prosperous regions in Spain it
takes up only 6% of the country but it
accounts for one-fifth of Spain's
economic output in 2016
nearly 21 percent of Spain's tax revenue
came from Catalonia we pay a lot of
taxes they taken them away they don't
require into better infrastructures into
into better living conditions
pro-independence Catalans believe
catalonia pays too much money into the
central government compared to what it
gets in return catalonia like madrid and
other richer regions support the poorer
parts of spain this sentiment grew
during the European economic crisis when
a wave of unemployment hit Spain but
despite growing support the majority of
Catalans don't want independence nobody
low-income families are less likely to
support independence than those who are
well-off as our Catalans who live in
cities compared to those who live in
rural areas which brings us back to
today banks and multinationals have
started to move their headquarters out
of Barcelona to other Spanish regions
Catalan separatists have turned to
Europe for support but most European
Union leaders have cited with the
central government they have made it
clear that an independent Catalonia
would have to apply for EU membership a
process that would take years and while
the fight on Catalan independence will
eventually be settled it may take a long
time for Catalonia and Spain to return
to peaceful coexistence
