check-check we're gonna do this I cannot
believe there are three million of you
that's like one two three we see you UK
Canada Australia India Germany I don't
want to leave anybody out but according
to Google the only country where we
don't have a subscriber is North Korea
thank you so much for watching we really
appreciate it and every time we know
that somebody's watching a video that
gives us more reason to make one
we're running a survey to learn more
about you it'll help us grow and help us
make more money to pay for all this
it'll be hugely helpful to us so please
find the link below this is kind of a
big deal because we have to make money
as a team but we also don't want to be
like annoying like advertiser sellouts
we want to do it in a way that you are
okay with and after the survey we're
gonna do something fun - we're gonna
commit to make a video on the top
comment from this video is there a
question you want answered or a topic
that you want us to weigh in on we're
gonna do something no matter what I'm
the top voted comment on this video
please take the survey and have at it in
the comments it may not be exactly what
you expected but we're gonna do
something stay tuned we've got some
great series coming up borders finally
starts Tuesday our partnership with
ProPublica starts next week and earworm
is back on Friday we're excited to hear
as much feedback as you'll give us what
kind of videos you want us to do what
you might like to see in the future we
do see the letters and emails that you
guys send us and we appreciate it a lot
and please do take that survey below
thanks for watching thanks for
subscribing and saying how fast we've
grown aren't you thank you see you soon
