this is a semi-automatic weapon it's
legal and it's one of the guns that was
used to kill fifty-eight people at a
concert in Las Vegas normally these guns
shoot around 30 rounds in ten seconds
but the guns in the Las Vegas shooting
were modified to shoot newly as fast as
an illegal automatic weapon about 90
shots in 10 seconds
automatic weapons can fire 98 shots in 7
seconds with a single pull of a trigger
and since 1986 it's been illegal to own
one in the United States so how did the
Las Vegas shooter manage to nearly
replicate the destruction of a gun
that's been illegal for more than 30
years mass shootings almost always
involve these semi-automatic weapons
which is why they're so deadly semi
automatics fire much more quickly than
the kinds of firearms that have been
around for most of American history
shooters use them in the Virginia Tech
Fort Hood Aurora Sandy Hook San
Bernardino and Orlando massacres most of
these shooters also used high-capacity
magazines which make semi automatics
even more deadly by reducing the time
spent reloading but the Las Vegas
shooting was different the
semi-automatic weapon the shooter used
had been modified to be even more deadly
using a $99 add-on called a bump stock
which uses the guns recoil power to
automatically put pressure on the
trigger this seems hard to square with
the text of a 1986 law signed by Ronald
Reagan I do believe that an ak-47 a
machine gun is not a sporting weapon or
needed for duty it's not only made it
unlawful for any person to transfer or
possess a machine gun it also outlawed
any part or combination of parts
designed and intended for use in
converting a weapon into a machine gun
but a 2010 letter from the Bureau of
Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms posted on
the website for one bump stock
manufacturer says that because the
product attaches to the exterior and
doesn't have any mechanical parts it's
legal in 2013 a few months after the
Sandy Hook shooting Senator Dianne
Feinstein proposed a bill that would
have banned bump stocks
the bill never came up for a vote
