okay I have a confession to make I've
lived in the United States since 2010
and today right now in New York it's 65
degrees clear skies and Sun today's
forecast has partly sunny weather with a
high of 77 degrees and a low of 61
degrees I still don't understand the use
of Fahrenheit virtually every country on
Earth uses Celsius to measure
temperature but the u.s. still uses
Fahrenheit and for that reason we have
box often get comments like these okay
hit it besides the fact that the
majority of the world uses it the metric
system makes conversions a lot easier
the Celsius scale even looks simpler it
has freezing and boiling points at nice
round numbers 0 and 100 where in
Fahrenheit it's a bit of a mess and of
course this isn't just an issue of
aesthetics or weather updates
America's unwillingness to switch over
to the metric system has had serious
consequences in 1999 125 million dollar
satellite Sun to Mars
disappeared in the Martian atmosphere
it's a setback two years of work already
done in the vastness of space all it
takes is one navigation error and this
colossal mistake was largely due to a
conversion error between US and metric
measurements Fahrenheit was really
useful in the early 18th century at the
time no one really had a consistent way
to measure temperature but then a German
scientist came up with the Fahrenheit
scale when he invented the mercury
thermometer in 1714 to make this scale
the most popular theory is that he
picked the temperature of an ice water
salt mixture at the zero mark he then
put the freezing point of water which is
higher than a salt mixture at 32 and
placed the average temperature of the
human body at 96 from there he placed a
boiling point of water at 212 degrees in
1724 Fahrenheit formalize that scale
and was inducted into the British Royal
Society where his system was a big hit
as Britain conquered huge parts of the
globe in the 18th and 19th centuries it
brought the Fahrenheit system and other
Imperial measurements such as feet and
ounces along with them and Fahrenheit
became a standard system for the British
Empire across the globe in the mean time
the metric system was gaining popularity
during the French Revolution it was put
in place to unify the country at the
national level so by the second half of
the 20th century Celsius became popular
in many parts of the world when many
english-speaking countries began using
the metric system even America attempted
to switch over the change would have
been good for trade and scientific
communications with the rest of the
world so Congress passed the law the
1975 metric conversion act which led to
the United States metric board that
would educate people about the system
this created the only metric highway
sign in the US the interstate 19
connecting Arizona to Mexico but it
didn't go much further than that the
problem was that unlike the UK Canada or
Australia the law made the switch
voluntary instead of mandatory and of
course people resisted the change and
the metric board couldn't enforce the
conversion so President Reagan ended up
to spending the board in 1982 the next
nudge symmetric eight came when the
metric system became the preferred
measure for American trade in commerce
in 1988 but nothing really stuck with
the general public even though bizarre
measurements like feet and Fahrenheit or
not doing them any favors students have
to train for two sets of measurements
making science education even more
difficult and companies spend extra
dollars producing two sets of products
one for the US and the other for metric
there's also an argument for public
health according to the CDC about three
to four thousand kids are brought to the
ER due to unintentional medication
overdose every year and conversion airs
for dosage are to blame
so it seems like a no-brainer America
needs to switch as a metric system to
match the rest of the world but it is
still struggling to make that change
that's because it'll take a lot of time
and money but there's no financial proof
that this will all be worth it so unless
that change is proven to be
economically better we're not going to
be using Celsius anytime soon
what 77 30 in Celsius 77 degrees
Fahrenheit is 25 degrees Celsius
