this is Tucker Carlson the new king of
cable news he took over Bill O'Reilly
slot in April and since then he's had
the most-watched news show on cable Fox
viewers love him because he takes on the
liberal elite and Fox executives loved
him because he's not embroiled in a
sexual harassment scandal but there's
someone else who really likes Tucker
Carlson in replacable Reilly we get
Tucker who I think is a much better
figure he's certainly more intelligent
this is Richard Spencer one of the most
notorious white supremacists in the
country he at least has to kind of
open-mindedness in a way that bill
Reilly never would Spencer isn't the
only professional racist giddy about
Tucker show here's David Duke former
Grand Wizard of the KKK tweeting god
bless Tucker Carlson and here's the
white supremacist website daily stormer
calling Tucker literally our greatest
ally so uh what the hell is going on
here why are white supremacists so
excited about Tucker Carlson in a lot of
ways Tucker is a typical Fox News house
he complains about political correctness
attacks liberal media interviews Fabio
okay that was weird but what's caught
the attention of white supremacist is
the way that Tucker talks about
immigration normally conservative
pundits focus on illegal immigration all
Americans should welcome legal
immigrants folks who obey our laws and
go through the proper procedures but
Tucker is different Tucker spent the
first few months of his show depicting
both legal and undocumented immigrants
as potential criminals we decided to
take a more detailed look at the link
between immigrants and crime in this
country we really don't have good
numbers on the crimes committed by
immigrants illegal and otherwise we go
after Latinos Mexican citizens make up
more than 14% of the entire federal
prison population he goes after Muslims
why is violent terrorism and
inevitability in Europe there are a lot
of Muslims living in Europe now and it
goes after refugees who would have
thought that all those migrants are
having a big effect on the crime rate
that talking point is of course bullshit
native-born Americans are incarcerated
at higher rates than both legal and
undocumented immigrants cities with high
refugee populations typically see their
crime rates decrease and the
overwhelming majority of terror attacks
in the EU aren't religiously motivated
but
hasn't stopped Tucker for making that
myth a central theme on his show
foreigners come to our countries and
kill our people you'd think our leaders
would blame them but no they blame us
ooh foreigners a hard-ass Tucker Carlson
major reason for existing is to create a
frame in which immigrants are grave
threat to the survival of America as we
know it this is chip Berlin
he's a journalist who spent decades
studying the language of right-wing
extremists that's the classic right-wing
populist idea that there's a group of
threatening people they're not like us
and we need to stop them before they
stop us Tucker obviously isn't the first
person to do this American history is
full of demagogues who use the myth of
immigrant crime to smear marginalized
groups look at the crime rate that's
changed in terms of the immigration it's
a myth that's persisted despite the fact
that the crime rate has dropped as more
immigrants have come to America but what
makes Tucker different and what makes
white supremacist like him so much
is that aside from the haircut he
doesn't look the part of a David Duke he
makes anti-immigrant propaganda look
mainstream Carlson is kind of a
restatement of all of these things in a
kind of neat well-dressed one of the
ways Tucker does this is by
cherry-picking focusing on individual
stories of immigrant crime to smear
immigrants as a whole in March for
example Tucker fixated on the story of
two undocumented immigrants who were
accused of raping one of their
classmates who told you plenty about
that horrifying crime in Rockville
Maryland
why wouldn't we tell you that it
highlights the critical downsides of
existing American immigration policy it
was the perfect Tucker Carlson story
because I let him peddle an old-school
racist trope about immigrants being
rapists without having to actually say
it outright why are people embarrassed
to point to something that actually
happened and draw obvious conclusions
from it he only had to hint at it
sometimes when foreign countries send
the people here they are not sending
their very best its whole way of
packaging information is designed to
give possible deniability
while cement
the bad idea in the minds of their
viewers that case ended up getting
dropped by the way after prosecutors
found that the facts didn't support the
charges but it didn't matter
Tucker had already made his point on
Twitter David Duke said Tucker's
coverage of the story was one of his
best performances this is a common trick
that demagogues used to shape the
already entrenched prejudices of the of
the audience another way Tucker
normalizes harmful tropes about
immigrants is by inviting anti-immigrant
extremists to do his dirty work for him
with the Maryland case it was people
like Ann Coulter there are all these on
New Yorkers who wouldn't have dead
children who wouldn't be raped but for
our immigration policy after the
terrorist attacks in the UK it was Katie
Hopkins a woman who literally called for
a final solution on Twitter finally yeah
people talk about integration I always
hear the word colonization we have
opened our arms and told everyone to
come and effectively take over it's
basically the handing off of the concern
to a group of people who were more than
happy to take you by the hand and turn
it into a fist also can we talk about
the Annoying eyebrow thing Tucker does
when he's talking to someone he agrees
with who's into joy National mad
with Weston coach he asked like his mind
is being blown by the most basic
comments he's doing it right now his
name
but the thing white supremacists love
most about Tucker Carlson is his
rejection of multiculturalism took our
argues that the problem with Mexican and
Muslim immigrants is that they're not
like us they come from different
inferior cultures this is a country
founded on European culture is the
Western civilization we're talking about
superior to the culture that these
immigrants are bringing and Tucker says
welcoming those different cultures is
making America a worse place to live our
leaders worship multiculturalism so we
encourage immigrants to reject our
culture because all cultures are equal
except they're not all equal this
probably goes without saying but that's
really similar to how white supremacists
talk about immigration millions of
people crossing our borders illegally
and not having the same values that we
have and share Western culture is what
we are and it's about time we in America
stood up and defended it and Tucker Pell
this idea on his show constantly if you
believe in multiculturalism
then by definition you're not going to
rise to defend your culture because it's
equal to every other culture and the
multicultural society we're going toward
that we seem to be losing the roots and
values that are that our country is
built upon countries in which people who
live in the country of nothing in common
tend to break apart never gonna do about
that we're headed towards a
multicultural America probably a
fragmenting America probably something
that's gonna be totally unrecognizable
maybe I don't want to live in a country
look to nothing like the country I grew
up in is that bigoted also you get a lot
of nerve talking about the sanctity of
Western culture for a guy who went on
Dancing with the Stars and did
you don't have a rhythm where you come
from
nice y'all never invented hips okay that
kind of language means that Tucker's
anti-immigrant shtick isn't actually
about immigration it's about people who
seem different which is why a Tucker
segment about illegal immigration
suddenly veers into white Spanish
speakers are making schools worse does
it make a school better when people move
in who don't speak English why a segment
on that Maryland rape case suddenly
becomes about how the defendants should
have learned English what they should
have done is put him in some sort of
remedial English to learn some English
first
Tucker is training the biggest audience
in cable news to be suspicious of people
who aren't like them this is having an
effect on on my kids school and my
culture on the economy and your point is
you're not allowed about having a tap in
to view them as threats I'm talking
about terror threats I'm talking about
rioting I'm talking about a massive
spike in crime as invaders so the
invasion of Europe intensified this
weekend more than 7,000 African migrants
arrived in Italy and that's why white
supremacists love Tucker Carlson not
because they think he is one of them but
because as long as he's teaching his
audience to view difference as dangerous
he's making their jobs a lot easier I'm
no fan of Bill O'Reilly but even he
recognized talk of European culture as a
dog whistle for white supremacists I
want to preserve my heritage like every
people does preserve the heritage what
does that mean how about European
heritage what does it mean
