anyone into makeup following Instagram
beauty influencers or just watching a
bunch of YouTube tutorials knows that
Rihanna's new makeup line fancy Beauty
is blowing up it dropped during New York
Fashion Week in September of this year
and since then the color pop and
highlighters match sticks and lip gloss
have created a buzz on social media but
the most notable thing about the line is
the range of foundation shades there are
40 to be exact and many of the deeper
shades were sold out in stores and
online within days of the launch which
is bananas because how often do you hear
about darker shades of makeup being sold
out for a long time the beauty industry
has neglected women of color as
consumers but our bag gallery's
incredibly successful makeup line has
challenged the notion that the market
for deeper shades isn't profitable for
cosmetic companies it also raised an
important question
why haven't must come Panisse had the
same kind of inclusivity or the success
to go with it well the interesting thing
about pensee is that it's not the very
first time that a beauty line has had
expansive sheets that's Tiffany ko
associate professor of history and black
American Studies at the University of
Delaware before the fancy beauty line
launched makeup forever another has been
a company that caters a lot to
professional makeup artists launched a
campaign that also had a lot of skin
tone inclusivity other mainstream brands
like covergirl Revlon Maybelline and
L'Oreal also attempted to cater to the
broader market of complexions but it's
quite easy to see where mainstream
brands have fallen short I went to
several drugstores and a major
department store and I saw a clear trend
there were fifty shades of beige to
choose from this looks really pale I'm
not I'm not that pale I'm but the darker
shades were limited to a handful of
options when I try to match my own skin
with the available shades of foundation
you can see how these few products
weren't going to work for me
is it really that hard to get it right
Tasha Brown a makeup artist based in LA
who's worked with a number of Hollywood
stars doesn't seem to think so
as a makeup artist it is the same
technique I would use that from anyone
from Karen Elson to elec work I first
look at the undertone of the skin then I
look at the actual shade range and then
I picked the correct texture for their
skin tone so there is no extra
difficulty in understanding deeper skin
tone so it's easy to find a foundation
match if you know your undertone which
is your underlying skin tone on a
spectrum of cool to warm but finding
deeper shades that actually offer the
right undertones for a woman of color
has been incredibly hard
maybe product development is where it
really gets tricky yeah actually it's
not very difficult to make these four
shades what depending on the face all
foundations have the same basic face so
for example if we're talking about a
standard foundation which would be a
water and silicone base it's an emotion
where the water phase is surrounded by
silicone that faces emotion will be the
same the only difference between a
lighter shade and a darker shade is the
ratio of pigments and all foundations
contain the same four pigments it's
titanium dioxide iron oxide red iron
oxide yellow and iron oxide black so you
just play with the ratios of those
pigments get to a lighter color or a
darker color the trouble with finding
the right shade isn't limited to
foundation yes it's not just foundation
you know it is blush it is lipstick
where it's a beautiful color you know
but it's a it's a light wash and deeper
skin tones tend to demand a little bit
more pigment it's a problem that can be
solved with an understanding of deeper
skin tones but overall in 2014 only 18
percent of American Chemical Society
members were people of color in 2015
black Hispanic and Asian
made up 16.3% of workers in the personal
care products industry as a consumer you
want to have options in comparison you
want things to be easy I want to be able
to walk into a store and see myself
represented over the past few years
mainstream beauty companies have been
making an effort to be more inclusive
but why is it taking them so long
ticking it right when it comes to beauty
they're visually based on very narrow
ideas of what constitutes beautiful and
even if there are a wider range of women
who are demanding products a wider range
of consumers who want to see themselves
reflected and are willing to pay money
to get these products many brands are
unwilling to cater to them in fears that
it will damage their brand and fears
that it will make their their brand less
glamorous less beautiful if it's
attached to black women if it's attached
to darker skinned women the beauty
industry has a long history of catering
to a very specific type of person in the
late 1940s makeup for black women was
available but beauty companies still
focused on skin lightening products for
black women we begin to see I'm really
in the 1970s an attempt to begin to show
a wider range of beauty when it comes to
makeup products it's when the cultural
movement black is beautiful began to
rise as a celebration of blackness in
the african-american community Robert
Williams a leading figure in American
psychology wrote the black is beautiful
movement and the all-out effort to
instill racial pride and black people
have done much to neutralize and offset
much of the damaging effects of
oppression from being black the movement
was not only a response to colorism in
the black community but also the
prevalent racism and wider American
culture that movement brought a change
in the beauty industry two more products
were being created for the black
community and a lot of that really came
from black owned companies themselves
companies like fashion Fair
medics which was developed by the
Johnson Publishing Company which was the
the publishing company behind
evany for example drugstore brands like
Maybelline had she's a few in the 90s
black opal had products that catered to
women of color starting in 1994 Aman
began selling in discount retailers in
2004 and covergirl had the Queen
collection in 2006 then you had luxury
brands like NARS Mac Bobby Brown black
up and make up forevers offering even
more shades of brown at higher prices
but it hasn't always been a smooth ride
for all of these brands L'Oreal faced
controversy when it was accused of
whitewashing Beyonce in its 2008
campaign in 2016 Mac launched their vibe
tribe collection which at worst is
cultural appropriation and at best is
pretty culturally insensitive yep while
mainstream brands have missed the mark
independent beauty brands have
successfully filled the gaps brands like
Co a vodka Coco teak and the lip bar all
offer extensive products for women of
color the gap between mainstream and
independent brands is also evident in
the way they reach their audience while
major brands still turn to traditional
advertising on TV and in magazines a lot
of independent creators rely heavily on
social media social media has changed
the beauty industry in tremendous ways
what is really interesting is that if
you go on social media there are lots of
women some of whom are professionally
trained makeup artists some are just
women like makeup and have sort of
taught themselves who have huge
followings and they have followings of
people who will listen to what they say
and so it's much more intimate than
having for example just a celebrity at
the front of your campaigns which is
often what covergirl and L'Oreal and
many of the the big companies have done
brands can try to copy Rihanna's
marketing but there's more to it than
that
if I love it I'm gonna go all the way to
the end about it
and I doubled them a couple more but
this is like my vision from the ground
from the textures to the foundation
shape to the names I have a hundred
percent involvement in this process even
if Rihanna's makeup line doesn't live up
to the hype over time there's no denying
that
Fenty is causing a much-needed stir in
the beauty industry
