there has never been a king of the
United States but there have been times
when Google would tell you at the very
top of the page that there was their
source a joke headline on a Breitbart
article from 2014 this isn't the only
time something like this has happened at
various times this Google first answer
box has told users that dinosaurs never
existed that god only loves Christians
and that all Republicans are Nazis
according to debate org yes Republicans
equals Nazis so what are these featured
search results and why can they be so so
bad responses like this are called a
featured snippet they're part of what
are called rich answers on Google
answers that are given special priority
beyond the usual list of links if you
want to know the score of the latest
Warriors game or how to say thank you in
Arabic or check the weather in Guatemala
City with rich answers you don't
actually have to click on any of the
search results those answers are powered
by what Google calls its knowledge graph
which is a database of related search
information that was launched in 2012
but featured snippets are a different
thing even though they don't look that
different knowledge graph information is
limited to verified sources like
Wikipedia and the CIA's World Factbook
but featured snippets can pull
information from any third party website
and that is where results can get tricky
as the outlines Adrian Jeffries is
reported for a while when you ask Google
why fire trucks are red you've got back
a long Monty Python joke snippet answers
are usually from one of the top search
results but they don't have to be Google
Places priority on how directly a
statement answers a question how many
words it takes to do it and whether or
not it's presented in a simple list
engagement factors like how often people
visit a site and how long they spend on
it also play a part so when you ask a
question like how to cook asparagus the
featured answer isn't the first answer
it's the tenth but that site does format
the answer in a simple bulleted list and
answers the question directly Google
guesses which part of the page most
directly answers your question and
quotes that portion in the snippet box
problem is the snippets aren't always
right
users have asked questions like is Obama
planning a coup or which presidents were
in the Ku Klux Klan and gotten back
featured snippets from really bad parts
of the internet one thing we do know is
that the sites in these featured
snippets change a lot of the answers
with snippets in January 2016 more than
55 percent either didn't have a featured
snippet or featured a different URL just
six months earlier what that means is
that Google has an automated process
that decides whether or not to keep
snippets based on how they perform in
addition to the user reported feedback
button Google also has several thousand
contractors who review search result
pages on how well they answer questions
which answers make up a big part of
Google's overall strategy a group called
stone temple consulting conducted a
study where they entered 1.4 million
queries into Google and they found that
about 30 percent of questions returned
answers that pulled from the knowledge
graph or featured snippets feature
snippets are a key part of what gives
Google's voice search in Google home an
edge over other digital assistants danny
sullivan who runs a blog called search
engine land demonstrated this by asking
both google home and amazon echo whether
or not he could feed his guinea pig
grapes Alexa can guinea pigs eat grapes
okay good look guinea pigs eat grapes
sorry
according to small plant closer to the
quantity important thing to remember
when asking can guinea pigs eat grapes
is that you should only feed the
seedless kinds
Amazon's device which pulls answers from
Bing couldn't answer but Google's could
the reason why it's a featured snippet
so yes these snippets can go wrong and
they're going to require a lot of
algorithm policing from Google but
they're a key part of their strategy to
provide answers that are useful and
sound natural so don't expect them to go
away anytime soon so Google is pretty
good about fixing these mistakes when
they've happened but sometimes when they
think they fix something the answer is
still actually wrong after search engine
land calm word about how ridiculous it
was that Google was citing Breitbart as
saying that Obama was the King of
America the snippet changed and instead
it's cited search engine land calm but
it still said that Obama was the king of
America
