so the trade-off to me is that I get to
stay inside and watch Jane the Virgin
for two weeks and then someone gets to
like live an entire life for seven years
and I don't care who that person is
that's a trade that I'm willing to take
where we're going to be transplant
center at Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore
of that fun all right
oh and I'm here to get checked up and
meet my surgeon before I give my kidney
who is finger
the number of Americans waiting for
Morgan transplants has risen
dramatically but the problem is there's
already a national shortage of kidneys
available and there aren't enough donors
which means thousands died waiting
there's probably about almost hundred
thousand people in the kidney transplant
waitlist right now and then every year
the list grows higher and the amount
kidneys that are donated really is
staying the same so so just to lay out
what it's like before you get a kidney
transplant
most people are on dialysis so if it's
in a hospital generally three days a
week for hours at a time it's almost
impossible to hold down a job with those
hours you're exhausted it was like a
mentally physically draining process the
one-year death rate I believe is 20% and
the survival prognosis over five years
is 33% which is about the same as brain
cancer and getting a kidney transplant
on average extends lifespan by about
seven years or more
at this point I've done two 24-hour
urine collection which is the sound and
the results were inconclusive and now
I'm going to go get some radioactive
particles shot through my kidney to see
what comes out the transplant committee
at Hopkins has officially looked at my
case I apparently have a resting heart
rate that is slightly below normal
because I'm just chills hell and they
wanted to have me talk about that with
the cardiologist to be able to do this
you generally have to have an employer
with generous often we leave you have to
either not have kids or have really good
childcare that can get you through
recovery period but I think it's
definitely a situation where I'm very
privileged to be able to do this if
you're like going paycheck to paycheck
like it would be an insanely tough thing
to do dear Dylan you have been approved
as a kidney donor by our
multidisciplinary transplant team at the
Johns Hopkins Hospital thank you for
coming forward as a living kidney donor
and we look forward to seeing you
through your donation see really Pam
walk let's say there's a surfer and and
son who don't match but son needs a
kidney and there's another father and
daughter who and the same boat but that
father's kidney matches the other
families son's kidney and that mother's
kidney matches those other families
daughter's kidney they can do a swap and
you can even sort of expand them out
from there and make them sort of loops
with with more than two but the issues
that you need to close the loop and that
can be really tricky to do and really
delicate to sit together and so that's
where non-directive donation
comes in like I don't need a kidney like
if you gave me a kidney I would be
pretty weirded out I'm just giving
giving one with no expectation of
reciprocity and so if I give to someone
and then their family member has someone
that that is on the list who they match
with they can give to that person then
that person other family member can give
and so it's sort of a chain that doesn't
need to loop back it's all happening um
so be 515 surgery and Monday because
they're shipping out the kidney to Ohio
for virtual Tamara sybian it's part of a
chain with for transplant centers so
yeah
I think this is emblematic of Dylan in
many ways if he has a moral certainty
that a lot of a plaque where he's really
able to collect the information
available and you know decide that
something is a Mulva that it will make
the world a better place
and then he goes a dozen
I read someplace that there was some
year recently four thousand thirteen or
fourteen when was like 100 or 200 people
in the country made undirected city
donation it's it's a pretty rare thing
and we've all got reasons I'm not doing
this but Dylan looked at at all the
reasons why not to do them and he didn't
find any of it that's way too so so here
we are
I don't post on Facebook a lot I was
really nervous with with posting
anything that come across as like self
aggrandizing or like you know like look
at me I'm such a great person for doing
this and like I think the reason to do
it in spite of that concern would be if
I can persuade someone to do it I think
that the kidney donation is contagious
in that way well it certainly was for me
because I I did it because people I know
have done it and so hopefully got that
chain which will remain open and his can
can keep going
and trying to steal myself to know that
it's not going to be a cakewalk
recovering and can involve imposition on
people I care about more than I usually
am comfortable with which marches itself
my love your love but no knock woods and
in two months time I'll be doing all the
same things I was doing before someone
will have a kidney in Ohio and be be
living a sort of more active life so we
had the conference call last night
kicking off this change and it's a big
deal and you know a lot of people that
can't find it because of this chain
that's created so it's great thing and
we'll see you back there when we're done
we'll come find you okay and the waiting
rooms any questions
so here's Dylan okay his kidney went to
this title great talking about four
hospitals in Ohio and then the Christ
Hospital donor went to Georgetown
Hospital in DC then the Georgetown donor
went to recipient at UCLA in California
and then the UCL des a donor went to
university california san francisco at
the last the last person what about
someone on the waiting list are you
doing good I'm good I've only sprung up
one so far so there's that and they have
a bunch of exercises that I have to do
and so on apparently that keeps me from
getting pneumonia
science is a magical thing um and I have
to do cops with my cop buddy
three times an hour still pretty painful
but not super painful the way it was
like yesterday or the day before
yeah well it's not something I would
have been visioned yesterday or the day
before that like each day has been for
the next potential improvement on the
last so the first few days are really
painful like I shouldn't sugarcoat that
at all but the really amazing thing is
that like how fast it went away it was
two weeks to get back to work and then
another week after not to just feeling
totally fine it's okay to eat it totally
I think if this is something you want to
do you should do this it may look at the
most basic it sounds like everyone does
not need to do this because if everyone
gave their kidney they would be way too
many kidneys floating around but but
more people should do this and people in
a position to do this to do this and and
you know I think people who who like
struggle with whether their career is
making an impact or if they're they're
doing the right thing as we all struggle
with that and I struggled I'd like it is
one one way to really make a concrete
impact and really help someone and know
that you're helping them
now March March 30th and I got a letter
from my recipient she was on dialysis
for 15 months I'm in relatively good
shape physically and have high hopes to
now live perhaps 20 or 25 years a kidney
which you so graciously gave which was
an excellent match for me let me say
again thank you from the bottom of my
heart and I assure you I will take most
excellent care of your kidney I can't
