old TV shows made it's been really easy
to appeal to the Supreme Court like when
this lady wanted to fight her speeding
tickets I am going to win this case it's
not here I'll appeal to a higher court
it's necessary I'll take it to the
Supreme Court
we're on Gilligan's Island in Thurston
Howell is locked in a bamboo Jail and he
failed I'll take it as a brand car but
even though they make it sound like a
rite nobody is entitled to an appearance
at the Supreme Court that's entirely at
the discretion of the justices and they
choose very carefully only a small
number of cases get to the Supreme Court
and it's getting smaller roughly 8,000
cases are submitted each year but only
80 cases are accepted that's a 1 percent
acceptance rate and to get to that 1%
most cases start at the bottom the
federal court system consists of three
layers and the lowest is the district
level if you lose in a district court
you can appeal to the circuit level most
of the United States is divided into
Eleventh Circuit but there's a 12-4 DC
and a federal circuit that mostly hears
patent and military cases above the
circuit level is the Supreme Court the
highest court in the land as long as you
don't count the basketball courts that's
above the Supreme Court and to get to
the Supreme Court nearly all cases
required submitting something called a
petition for a writ of certiorari I
wrote the certiorari the writ of
certiorari which is shortened usually to
read of cert petition for the writ of
cert is a written request asking the
Supreme Court to hear a case instead of
asking the court to resolve the facts of
the case which are nearly always settled
in lower courts the reasons for granting
the petition concern important questions
about federal law the overarching goal
of the court is to make sure that
federal law is the same across the
country and so by federal law I mean the
US Constitution and laws passed by
Congress professor Greene clerked for
Justice John Paul Stevens where he
became very familiar with cert petitions
that's because the clerk's review cert
petitions for their justices who then
choose to grant a petition if it passes
the rule of 4 meaning that four justices
want to hear the case when the court
does not grant cert it does not imply a
decision it doesn't mean that it agrees
with the lower court it doesn't mean
that the individual justices agree with
the lower court
vision it just means that the court has
decided that this particular case is not
a case where the court is going to
choose the set loft of the whole country
it cert is granted a case probably falls
into one of three categories describing
most Supreme Court cases the first is
the case of national importance such as
when the court decided Bush v Gore in
order to help determine who had won the
2000 presidential election drawing on
very rarely used legal powers the
Supreme Court has for the first time in
American history decided to step into a
legal dispute in the midst of a
presidential election a second type of
case is when a lower court issues a
ruling that invalidates federal law an
example is Gonzales be reached in which
angel race a California woman challenge
federal drug laws after agents detroyed
marijuana plans she had been consuming
for medical use on her appeal in the
Ninth Circuit judges ruled in favor of
race deciding that she was compliant
with the state law authorizing her use
of medical pot but that ruling
conflicted with federal law prohibiting
marijuana use when the Ninth Circuit
said it doesn't apply that means if
you're a medical marijuana user in
California then you can use it without
fear of federal prosecution but if you
are a medical marijuana user in Florida
or in New York then it's still banned
under federal law by ruling on the case
justices were able to establish the
authority of federal law prohibiting the
use of medical marijuana in the right
case the Supreme Court overruled the
Ninth Circuit and said that the federal
drug laws can apply to local marijuana
use which means that someone like angel
rice can still be prosecuted under
federal law even though she can't be
prosecuted under state law third the
court accepts cases in order to resolve
a split decision in the lower courts
this happened in the case of burger Bell
V Hodges where a Sixth Circuit ruling
that bans same-sex marriage conflicted
with rulings and other circuits that had
upheld the right to same-sex marriage
the obergefell was someone living in
Ohio who wanted to marry his same-sex
partner and was not permitted to do so
under Ohio law it made it made its way
to the Sixth Circuit the Sixth Circuit
said you have no right to be married
because you're a same-sex couple and
that created a split a division of
authority between the Sixth Circuit
which governs Ohio and a number of other
circuit courts and so once that happened
it was fairly cleared I think
with legal observers that the Supreme
Court was likely to hear the case
because it meant that federal law the
Federal Constitution in this case
applied differently in Ohio than it
would in Pennsylvania for example by
ruling in favor of obergefell the court
resolved a circuit split in maine
same-sex marriage a right nationwide but
these three categories are just a
framework for understanding why the
court might select a case they are not
rules ultimately which cases get to the
court depends on the decisions of
individuals the sitting justices of the
US Supreme Court
