what will you do the next time you hear
there's been a major terrorist attack
hmm chances are you'll turn on a TV
possible terror attack and specifically
cable news apparently there's been an
explosion if it's a big attack you'll
watch hours of coverage over the next
few days it's emerging now as a mass
casualty situation try to find out
exactly what's going on - a very
disturbing situation and learn
excruciating details about the attack we
don't know the extent of the injuries
see images of it replayed dozens of
times
watch sensationalized segments about how
it happened what our response should be
we need to close our border and when the
next attack might come this kind of
tragedy will not be the last one of its
kind watching this will make you feel
scared stressed and anxious could the UN
be next but you'll keep watching anyway
most people find tears and coverage
almost impossible to turn off we watch
news like this because we want to be
informed about potential threats to our
safety could what happened in Paris
happened in the u.s. so what if it does
the opposite what if watching terrorism
coverage makes us worse at knowing how
to keep ourselves safe one basic problem
with how we understand scary news is
that our brains care a lot more about
stories and they do about statistics
we're not very good at math so we often
judge the severity of a risk by how
often we encounter it that's Bruce
Snyder he's a security expert who's
written a lot about why our brains
overreact to scary news stories and
those stories stick to us more than the
data does so we make risk decisions more
based on the stories than a reality so
if we see a bunch of stories about shark
attacks we think shark attacks are
common if we see a story about a plane
crash we will overestimate the risks of
flying we don't do this because we're
dumb it's a basic psychology problem
news by definition is something that
almost never happens but that's not the
way our brains work if it's in the news
if it's talked about if we hear about it
a lot we confuse that with it being
common and you can see this problem most
clearly when it comes to terrorism the
chances of you or someone you know dying
from tears
are virtually zero terrorism looks scary
but it kills a shockingly low number of
Americans you are way less likely to die
from terrorism than you are from choking
on food while watching TV that being
said after 9/11 Americans consumed a ton
of extreme shocking news coverage about
terrorism and our fear that we would be
killed by terrorists spiked now you
think as time went on and we went years
without another 9/11 that our fears of
terrorism would go down the same way
they went down after the Oklahoma City
bombing for example but they didn't we
stayed scared and you only need to turn
on cable news to understand why terror
in the streets of Paris we have not
ruled out terrorism digital terrorism
homegrown terrorist Hebe news is packed
with round-the-clock coverage of the war
on terror footage of Isis training
exercises a violent new Isis video and
endless debates about potential threats
posed by refugees and sleeper cells and
homegrown radicals so-called lone wolf
threat only when there is a terrorist
attack near or far cable news turns into
24-hour terror networks the fear of
terror attacks as many people wondering
if their country even their city is next
news networks get big ratings boost
during terror attacks so they have no
incentive to tone down their coverage
this is the economics of news the way
you get that readership and viewership
is by being spectacular going with the
stories that are scary that are
threatening that are terrifying every
year MSNBC re-airs footage of the 9/11
attacks so we never forget it's hard to
watch this stuff and not feel like
terrorism is a constant looming threat
the reign of terror shows no signs of
abating which helps explain why
terrorism made up to of Americans top 10
beers in 2016 our heightened fear isn't
due to a change in risk it's due to a
change in our perception of that risk
how quickly we can hear the word
terrorism and imagine a scary story
about it in our heads and that
heightened fear causes us to overreact a
study conducted after 9/11 found that
for people who thought another terror
attack was imminent watching TV news
made
more likely to support hawkish responses
to terrorism including things like
military action and also causes us to
pursue security measures that sound good
but don't actually make us safer and
schneier invented a term for it he calls
it security theater security theater is
a security measure that looks good but
doesn't do anything and IR sees examples
of security theater and things like the
border wall and the Muslim ban the
things that Trump has made centerpieces
of his national security strategy we're
talking about this race from the
beginning all the efforts to keep the
foreigners out of the u.s. a prime
example of security theater they're not
gonna make us safer but they're big
they're public and there's a segment of
the United States that is scared and
sees those things and feel safer it's
not just that these strategies don't
work it's that they're the opposite of
the types of strategies that actually do
make us safer if we actually want to be
safer often the best things to do are
the things that don't make a splash it's
gonna be espionage intelligence and
Emergency Response hiring foreign
translators this is boring stuff the
problem is the same sensationalist
coverage that makes us overestimate the
risk of terror makes it really hard for
politicians to say no to security
theater do you think President Obama
fully understands the extent of the
threat when CNN is a 24-hour Horror
Story there's a lot of pressure on the
President to overreact are we doing
enough to stop these kinds of attacks
and this helps explain why Trump
security theater is so popular with his
supporters he echoes the fear and panic
they see on cable news it's gonna get
worse and worse you're gonna have more
World Trade Centers when you're scared
you're gonna be drawn to the politician
that does things that are big that are
public that are spectacular invade a
country build a wall now when I started
writing this episode I was sure that
Snyder's answer was gonna be to stop
watching but I was wrong of course we
all have to watch the news we can't turn
away I couldn't force someone to do that
I can have trouble doing that myself
well what then in some ways our best
defense is understanding what's going on
we can't stop our brains from reacting
the way they do all we can do is observe
it recognize that we have these biases
and try to correct for them if I have
one takeaway it
to understand that your brain isn't
processing risk properly and the more
you can do that the safer your be I know
it's not a satisfying answer we will
almost certainly see another major scary
terrorist attack in our lifetime one
that dominates the news cycle and fills
our brain with extreme and violent
images we're gonna hear pundits and
politicians calling for dramatic
response and we're gonna feel very very
scared I even noticed myself freaking
out while researching clips for this
episode we are humans not machines we
can't just look at charts and data and
fix the part of our brains that
misjudges risk what we can do is
remember to be skeptical of our fears
our politicians and of the people on TV
for whom our terror is good business
cable uses obsession with scary
terrorism coverage can backfire pretty
hilariously like in this CNN segment
from 2015 an unnerving sight today at a
London Gay Pride celebration an Isis
flag only problem that is not an Isis
flag that is a bunch of dildos
