I think most Americans believe that
after you commit a crime and pay your
debt to society the punishment ends you
have the chance to rebuild your life and
get a fresh start but the reality is
much harsher we punish people with
criminal records long after they've paid
their debt to society and we all suffer
for it even simply being accused of a
crime is just the beginning of perpetual
punishment a cycle of legalized
discrimination poverty and
re-incarceration
a cycle kept in motion by 47,000 laws
and regulations nationwide that
restricts critical rights and
opportunities after contact with the
criminal justice system millions of
Americans are denied employment and how
deny college education excluded from
public benefits separated from their
children deported despite being legal
residents and deprived of the right to
vote these restrictions trap the poor
and people of color invisible cages that
extends far beyond prison walls and
criminal court cages that lead to a
lifetime of obstacles that undermine
even the most earnest efforts at
rehabilitation and redemption cages that
send the message you will never be a
part of society again this is not some
isolated problem 95% of all incarcerated
people will return home at some point
each year more than 600,000 people are
released from jails and prisons that's
roughly the population of Boston or
Seattle millions more completing non
jail sentences like probation community
service or fines as we entry specialists
at Brooklyn defender services a public
defense firm representing 45,000 clients
per year I work on the frontlines to
help people with criminal histories
overcome their past and navigate the
obstacles of their presence so they can
build a sustainable future I try to help
folks take responsibility for their own
lives but it's hard to do when the
outlook is so bleak even for low-level
offenses and misdemeanors the aftermath
of one individual
experiments with the criminal justice
system ripples out to entire families
and neighborhoods and gets passed down
from generation to generation the result
more poverty more crime more
incarceration
I see Javon an 18 year old young man who
cannot live with or even visit his
family and cannot find an affordable
apartment because he was convicted of
gun possession and banned from all
public housing I see the dangerous
shelters in street corners where he'll
sleep I worry about what he's going to
have to do to survive how long it'll be
before he's back behind bars
I see how society loses when Judy a 58
year old grandmother charged with a
misdemeanor is fired after her arrest
and bought from her lifelong profession
as a home healthy unable to work she's
faced with eviction and can't support
her family
when Malik a 26 year old father has
denied the opportunity to further his
education because of the mistakes of his
past I think about how he and so many
others are set up to fail how a
conviction on a rap sheet is only a
snapshot of a moment in time when all of
us are dynamics changing over time the
criminal justice system disenfranchises
these men and women preventing them from
growing from truly being free I am among
the very few fortunate enough to be
living a second chance three decades ago
I was involved in a crime that took the
life of another human being I spent over
24 years in prison for my role in that
reprehensible crime while incarcerated I
had the chance to participate in a pilot
program offered to only 15 inmates that
allowed me to pursue a formal education
upon release I found an employer willing
to look beyond my criminal record one
that saw the hard lessons I learned in
prison as an asset not a liability
afforded people a real opportunity to
reenter society isn't just good for
individuals and families it's good for
all of us meaningful we entry increases
productivity reduces poverty and saves
money most importantly it makes us safer
by eliminating the circumstances that
perpetuate cycles of crime and
punishment people already get punished
harshly by the system but they shouldn't
receive a second sentence that makes
discriminating against them legal for
the rest of their life by restoring full
rights of citizen
ship to people after they've been
through the system we can start to end
the cycle of perpetual punishment we can
start to abolish the Justice trap
