this is the Doomsday Clock it was
designed back in 1947 by artist marta
Langsdorf and the bulletin of the Atomic
Scientists sets the clock to show how
much time we have left until midnight
midnight in this case meaning nuclear
Armageddon and the end of humanity
in January 2017 the bulletin of the
Atomic Scientists revealed that the
clock ticked 30 seconds closer than them
last year to the end of times and cited
among other things climate change
cybersecurity nuclear weapons and Donald
Trump his causes at the announcement
executive director of The Bulletin of
Rachel Bronson said there were two
concerns that stood above the rest
the first has been the Cavalier and
reckless language used across the globe
especially in the United States during
the presidential election and after and
the second is a growing disregard of
scientific expertise Cold War and world
conflict have influenced the clocks time
over the years but disregard for
scientific expertise by global populist
leaders including an American president
has never been cited as a doomsday
factor that said the newest changes to
the clock are the smallest in its
history meaning doomsday thankfully
isn't necessarily any more imminent so
how accurate is the Doomsday Clock and
why was it made in the first place
the Doomsday Clock first debuted in 1947
as a graphic on the cover of the first
edition of The Bulletin of the Atomic
Scientists magazine artist Marta
Langsdorff was married to Alexander
Langsdorf jr. a manhattan project
scientist Langsdorf and other concerned
scientists founded the bulletin two
years prior feeling a responsibility to
warn and educate the public about the
possibly disastrous consequences of
their creations atomic bombs had been
used for the first time in 1945 killing
130,000 residents of the Japanese cities
of Hiroshima and Nagasaki initially the
time on the clock depicted the hour hand
pointing straight at the zero hour with
the minute hand placed at just seven
minutes before midnight the time was
completely arbitrary though Langsdorf
just thought it seemed the right time
the graph had quickly adapted the name
of the Doomsday Clock and eventually
gained world recognition as a symbol for
the threat of an impending nuclear
apocalypse since 1947 The Bulletin has
regularly
just in the clockface when they perceive
a change in threat level also taking
into account other non-nuclear factors
by climate change bio weapons and cyber
threats doomsday seems just a few ticks
away now but time on this clock doesn't
really reflect actual time nor is it
particularly linear in 1949 The Bulletin
set the clock to three minutes until
midnight due to Soviet Union nuclear
testing dramatic announcement the Russia
have been a secret and to two minutes
until midnight in 1953 thanks to the
u.s. developing the hydrogen bomb but a
decade later the clock turned back to 12
minutes before midnight thanks to the US
and Soviet Union ending atmospheric
nuclear testing the minute-hand has
continued to fluctuate through a range
of minutes before midnight since then
from seven minutes till in 1968 thanks
to Vietnam to 10 minutes till in 1972 at
the signing of the first strategic arms
limitation treaty this is not an
agreement which guarantees that there
will be no but what this is is the
beginning to three minutes till in 1984
thanks to the heightened tensions
between the US and the Soviet Union
during the Cold War
none of the four wars in my lifetime
came about because we were too strong it
is weakness that invites adventurous
adversaries to make mistaken judgments
and all the way back to 17 minutes till
in 1991 after the end of the Cold War
and the signing of start the strategic
arms reduction treaty whether about
issues on which we agreed or disagreed
the spirit of candor
and openness a desire not just to
understand but to build bridges as shown
through in every case dangerous or
potentially dangerous events dictated
whether the minute-hand moved closer to
or away from doomsday the 2017 is the
first time since the Cold War that The
Bulletin expressed deep concern about
the disposition of an American president
towards science and nuclear weapons so
you don't want to say take everything
off the table just a negotiator if you
do that's nuclear look nuclear should be
off the table but even though the
outlook seems grim it's important to
remember what the time on the clock is
really meant to show it's not doomsday
yet and on this clock we can turn back
time
you
