Republicans have a major problem on
Obamacare the the part that they don't
like and the part of the public doesn't
like they're not the same part you can
see this if you watch Mitch McConnell
from Face the Nation watch what he says
here really closely because it shows our
keel in a place is going to be so
incredibly hard for the GOP well what
you need to understand is that there are
25 million Americans who aren't covered
now if the idea behind Obamacare was to
get everyone covered that's one of the
many failures in addition to premiums
going up co-payments going up
deductibles going up and many Americans
who actually did get insurance when they
did not have it before have really bad
insurance that they have to pay for and
the deductibles are so hot it's really
not worth much to them so it is chaotic
the status quo is simply unacceptable
and it's not just McConnell Donald Trump
just gave an interview to The Washington
Post
he said his Obamacare blazes will cover
everyone he says that the insurance law
of lower deductibles and it doesn't
matter if you can't take somebody's
going to take care of it for you I agree
with this case against Obamacare the law
really didn't cover everyone premiums
co-pays and deductibles they really are
too high 43% of enrollees have a
deductible about $2,500 there are a lot
of people being pushed to buy insurance
it will break their budget before they
ever get an opportunity with it but here
then is the question that McConnell and
Trump need to answer are they really
promising really promising the
Republican replacement will feature more
coverage and lower premiums and co-pays
and deductibles asthma calls offices
question and they refused to say his
spokesperson just said quote he's been
clear not to predefine the replacement
measures other than to say it won't be
one single bill which is to say they're
not sure yet and fine fair enough but
here's why this question is so hard for
them to answer it shouldn't be a hard
question answer it's the most obvious
simple question in the whole debate but
I've read a number of the Republican
replacement plans that have come around
all of them will lead to more Americans
about health insurance coverage much
higher deductibles or both and that's
because the Republican vision on health
care is not to have more people cover
but more generous insurance
don't take it for me go Klein no
relation is a conservative Health Lankan
writer who is literally written the book
on Republican health care plan and he
wrote recently the Republicans quote are
having a tough time stating a simple
truth which goes something like this
we don't believe we here being
Republicans we don't believe that it is
a job the federal government could
guarantee that everybody has health
insurance client also says the
Republican Obamacare replacements could
lead to cheaper plans to carry higher
deductibles so just to recap at the core
Republican ideology is one that not as
many people should be covered by the
government and two that they should
deregulate insurance so that that
insurance can have higher deductibles is
that sound popular to you does it sound
like it fulfills any of these promises
Donald Trump likes to say that he's
going to repeal and replace Obamacare
with quote something terrific it's got
to go it's got to go repeal and replace
with something terrific here's the hard
truth about health care policy there is
nothing purely terrific sitting around
up there what you can do what you really
could do is repeal Obamacare and place
it with something that makes a
difference set a very painful trade-off
the promise Republicans are afraid to
say which trade-offs they want to make
because the trade-off they want to make
aren't actually that popular the GOP is
real problems in the bombuh care not how
many people it covers or how high the
deductibles are their problem with
Obamacare is about its taxes about its
regulations and about its expansion of
government programs that is not what the
public's problems are it's not even what
Trump's voters are upset about the
Kaiser Family Foundation recently polled
Trump voters on the Affordable Care Act
and you know what they like the stuff
congressional Republicans hate the
Medicaid expansion popular among Trump
voters taxing rich people to pay for
poor people's health care popular among
Trump voters limiting out-of-pocket
costs popular among chump voters
Republicans have spent years now trying
to destroy Obamacare and to do that
they've been willing to make whatever
argument is politically convenient at
that moment what they have not done is
build any support for what they want to
do they haven't even figured out what
they want to do among themselves and so
now they're in a tight spot
they made voters think that they're
going to replace Obamacare with
something voters like more something
covers more people that gives better
insurance at a lower cost
and they're not and what happens when
voters find that out
you
you
