in recent years a member of for-profit
colleges have closed across the u.s.
for-profit college closed its remaining
twenty eight campuses affecting sixteen
thousand students their campuses were
closed and we're talking all of them for
good some of the nation's largest
for-profit colleges are seen steep
declines in enrollment the Obama
administration led a crackdown after
years of shady recruiting tactics
predatory lending and subpar academics
but in days after the 2016 election the
stock prices of for-profit education
companies spiked Donald Trump hasn't
laid out his policies on for-profit
colleges I'm a tremendous believer in
education but he previously owned a
for-profit school Trump University and
with a Republican Congress that also
opposes strict government regulations
these companies may see their fortunes
changing for-profit colleges have been
around since 1854 they mostly provided
short-term certificate programs for
specific occupations but their growth
accelerated sharply in the last two
decades the federal government was
expanding student aid in the poor job
market during the Great Recession pushed
more people into college for-profit
schools added more and more two-year and
four-year degree programs compared to
other colleges for-profit institutions
attract more low-income people veterans
and other non-traditional students also
known as proprietary colleges for-profit
institutions are operated by private
profit-seeking businesses which means
earnings get passed on to owners or
shareholders that sets them apart from
most universities and colleges which are
nonprofits those state schools community
colleges and private nonprofits are
funded by a bunch of different sources
in addition to tuition like donations
investment income or government
subsidies but for-profit schools rely
almost entirely on tuition and fee feed
with
girls to eight money so they have a
strong incentive to recruit more
students and set them up with large
financial aid packages which happen to
veterans military benefits
that means they spend a lot of money or
marketing and recruiting promoting
convenient locations specialized horses
and flexible class scheduling you've
probably seen their ads on TV or heard
them on the radio ready for Strayer
University build your personal education
plan at strayer.edu you can see how
aggressive their recruiters are I
recently filled out a request for
information through the University of
Phoenix's website and within 48 hours I
received one email two texts and eight
phone calls an undercover investigation
of 15 for-profit colleges in 2010 found
that all of them made deceptive
statements while recruiting they
exaggerated their employment and
graduation outcomes misrepresented their
costs and in some cases actually
encourage students to lie on their
financial aid forms no I'm not
you're claiming a couple of people now
make the corrections according to what
you're telling me a reason why you put
this amount in for cash
I got am thinkin heritance last year
they don't need to know I did yeah just
a fYI they don't need to know your cash
when students finally enroll they're
presented with loan packages to cover
tuition cause but they're often not set
up to succeed and pay back those loans
the combination of higher tuition a poor
student population and a lack of
counseling on financial aid and career
goals has meant that many students end
up worse than if they had enrolled at
all by 2014 for-profit colleges
accounted for just 11 percent of the
higher education population but 44
percent of federal student loan defaults
back in 2000 only one for-profit college
was among the 25 colleges with the most
student debt in 2014 more than half of
that list was for-profit schools and
many students saddled with debt didn't
even graduate of the students who began
a 4-year degree program in 2008 only 27%
of those and for-profit schools had
graduated six years later compared to 65
percent at private nonprofit colleges
and 58 percent at public colleges the
Obama administration responded with
several new regulations on the industry
if you look through for-profit college
websites today there's a section labeled
disclosures that help students compare
schools the gainful employment
regulation also says some programs can
be disqualified from federal student aid
if their students end up with a debt to
earnings ratio that's too high with
tighter regulations and lower
enrollments due to the improving economy
many for-profit campuses closed now the
future of those regulations is uncertain
for-profit colleges continue to have a
role to play in higher education they're
often more accessible to students who
have families or who work full time many
of them enroll students who can get into
traditional schools and they provide an
alternative to crowded and underfunded
community colleges but their incentives
can cut against the well-being of their
own students you know that college
doesn't last forever and who hope that
their student debt won't either
if you need help navigating your federal
student loans visit studentaid.gov links
to repayment plans what to do if
defaulted and eligibility for too long
discharge or the description box below
