there's nothing new about fake news I
used to see in the supermarket's the
Weekly World News it was full of fake
news stories they were famous for this
ongoing saga about the batboy it's not
even new for Hillary Clinton it was
another story in which Hillary Clinton
was supposed to have found an alien baby
and adopted him so you know this kind of
thing as an editorial strategy has
always been around but there wasn't a
lot of money in it and there wasn't much
incentive to produce it because the big
money was in advertising if you're
trying to make people think you know
this expensive watch these kind of
clothes will make you seem like a savvy
cool person advertising in a fake news
publication it doesn't meet any of those
objectives what is new are the
incentives of the internet a lot of
advertisement these days is served by
remote computer algorithms and they know
who you are because they've been
tracking your web browsing but they
don't care what site you're on and
within Facebook it can be hard to tell
where a story is coming from the way
that's presented you don't have a strong
sense of what is the brand and what is
their reputation so fake gears can zoom
around Facebook faster than anything
before it can make money and people
might not know if it's coming from a
credible source and fake news was
definitely rampant during the 2016
presidential election one BuzzFeed news
report found that the top fake news
articles on Facebook or either Pro Trump
or anti Hillary which makes fake news a
convenient target for liberals who are
upset about the election results and
also a lot of people in journalism see
the world taking a disturbing turn and
they would like to believe that fake
news is the reason while established
media outlets are brands built on
accuracy rogue websites some
masquerading as legitimate are reporting
misinformation but when you look at it
as best we can tell the kinds of things
that really hurt Hillary Clinton in the
campaign were true stories Gallup asked
voters what they'd read seen or heard
about Hillary Clinton
and they found that stories about
Clinton's email dominated throughout the
campaign Network television news devoted
more minutes of total airtime to
covering Hillary Clinton's email server
than to all policy issues combined and
it wasn't even close Clinton violated
security guidelines when she used a
private email server the Hillary Clinton
camp back under the cloud of the email
controversy thousands of emails under
the microscope Clinton's email scandal
is back in the spotlight I think a big
problem you see is that duay media
outlets like to think about a campaign
is well you have two candidates out
there you have a team of reporters so
you divide up your team reporters are
smart they want to be adversarial so the
upshot is that you naturally end up with
the result that both candidates are
pretty similar because you have similar
numbers of people writing similar
numbers of investigative stories about
both of them so if it turns out that
there's sort of two big knocks on
Hillary Clinton her emails and her
foundation you get a lot of stories
about each of those subjects and if it
turns out that there's a million knocks
against Donald Trump
each story winds up getting less
coverage because you only have a certain
amount of Donald Trump space this is
called false equivalence and you can see
some evidence of this in the Gallup data
emails consistently are at the top for
Clinton with Trump stories shifting
around Facebook is finally beginning to
fight back by partnering with proven
fact-checking organizations but don't
expect this to fix everything if you
think the media did a bad job which I do
I think that the bad job that was done
was it was a lack of perspective many
voters are making a lesser of two evils
assessment right now you have two flawed
candidates this year which one can you
tolerate the most scandals around both
campaigns both
candidates are facing serious trust
issues real news very mainstream outlets
did not present the stakes well I think
that means that a lot of people went
into this election not really
understanding what was at stake
