you probably walk by a bunch of Muslims
every day and you don't even know
they're Muslim how scary is that my
identity my upbringing everything has
sort of shaped where I am today and what
I ultimately want to be doing and what I
want to be doing is challenging power
aren't you unfairly blaming Latino
immigrants for unemployment and crime in
this country no no proven to be right on
that point they're calling you a racist
how do you remark - how do you London I
thought it just came out where I'm Way
number one and about it I've always
wanted to be a journalist I grew up
watching CNN and 60 minutes NBC Nightly
News PBS were always on this is the main
Dakota access pipeline resistance camp
these water protectors have run over the
hill to the machinery over there and
stopped the active construction of the
Dakota access pipeline from a very young
age I grew up with sort of this like
cloak of insecurity you know it wasn't
easy to be proud and be Muslim I didn't
have role models that look like me that
sounded like me newscasters at that time
were predominantly all-white it wasn't
just the news it was like you know as a
child in elementary school watching
Aladdin how can the villains are the
ones that sound like my parents I had to
slit a few throats but I got it only the
bad guys have Arabic accents do you know
what the penalty is for sting and I
would just see how demonized Muslims
weren't how demonized Arabs were
I was pretty critical of how I saw the
coverage of refugees and a lot of
various outlets
I feel hopeless I just want to place the
borders but like you see here it's
closed
there was this narrative that you have
these ominous herds of Arab bastino
refugees like infiltrating Europe and
infiltrating the West and I wanted to
tell the story differently we are
engineers we are doctors we are lawyers
we are scientists these refugees are
fleeing war they're not here to steal
your jobs they're not here to bring
terrorism to your country that was an
assignment where I would go home every
night and cry there's just like too many
stories to tell in every little sound
bite that we would cut out I would feel
good so I don't got emotional on cameras
back to being like objective and
whatever
I get a lot of messages from people from
my community from Muslim Americans Arab
Americans younger people who say when I
grow up I want to be like you we're in
the occupied West Bank town of Hebron
right now we're clashes have just broken
up I'm proud to be a positive
representation and a role model for
those who are younger than me who could
say I can grow up and be on camera I can
grow up and ask a presidential candidate
something you know like I can the sky's
the limit
did we get that on camera we did good
you
