mark strowman was in a shooting rampage
to kill as many Muslims as possible as a
retaliation of 9/11 terrorist attacks
he killed Walker Hassan a man from
Pakistan he shot and killed a man from
India Sudha Patel and on September 21st
2001 he shot in the face as a child my
impression about the USA was is a great
country beautiful country
I remember watching lot of western
movies for a few dollars more the good
bad and the ugly it was a dream that one
day I should visit the wild wild west
and see all those things after
graduating for a military school in
Bangladesh I went to Dallas and loved it
we worked very hard and within like a
month I was working as a clerk in a gas
station it gave me an opportunity to get
to know the people to learn the culture
I moved to Dallas May 2001 three months
before the 9/11 terrorist attacks ten
days after 9/11 I was behind the counter
a customer walked in he was holding a
double-barrel shotgun pointing at my
face I said sir here's all the money
please do not shoot me and then he
mumbled the question what are you from I
was confused and I said excuse me as
soon as I said excuse me he pulled the
trigger
I felt it forest like a million bees
stinging my face and then I heard the
explosion frantically I placed both
palms on my head thinking I had to keep
my brain from spilling out I felt that
my time was up images of my my mother my
father my siblings and my fiance
appeared one after another one and I was
begging God do not take me today ten
days after 9/11 Stroman went on a
shooting spree mark Stroman a white
supremacist wanted revenge and shot
three clerks we thought were Muslims
here in America
everybody was saying let's get two of
his victims died strowman was convicted
of murder and sentenced to death
it went to Hodge in 2009 with their
mother during the pilgrimage she was
rubbing on my face she was crying and he
heard my mom telling God that whatever
my son was to do with this life
helping in my faith in Islam it says
that saving a life is like saving the
entire mankind Marx German has committed
a hideous crime there's no doubt about
that but all the good things I was
taught it inspired me going to the right
thing
mark strowman has been in this prison
behind me for nearly ten years she sits
on death row an unlikely champion is
fighting to save his life
Boyan will be partially blind for the
rest of his life because of his injuries
it wasn't interested in I for an I
justice I went to the US Supreme Court
asking for clemency for Mark's Freeman
went to the US federal court went to the
US state code of Texas for this man to
forgive me which I've done unforgivable
for him to come forward the way they
expect for you he speaks law infinity
race he wrote a long letter to me he
said that my stepfather taught me some
lessons that I should have never learned
I have unlearned some of them and I'm is
still unlearning some of them I don't
know who your parents were but it is
obvious they're wonderful people to lead
you to act this way to forgive someone
who is unforgivable on the day he was
executed he put my name on a list of
people that he would like to talk as
soon as he came on the phone I said mark
you should know that I never hated you I
forgave you and he said race a la vie
bro it's the same person ten years back
his heart was filled with hate and
ignorance but when he came to know me he
saw me as a human being he was able to
tell me that he loved me and he called
me brother
today I am the founder and president of
a nonprofit called a world without hate
educating people about the
transformational power of mercy and
forgiveness based on a hope that we can
build a better world a world without
violence
a world without victims and the world
without hate
you
