with the weirdest thing you've been
asked about being Muslim do I worship a
moon god are you allowed to have sex
during Ramadan I bet you like to hump
goats
okay I don't even know what to say to
that
what's a mosque what do you guys really
do in there
the weirdest question is if I'm planning
to blow anything up why are you guys
like that
why don't Muslims denounce terrorism
aren't you hi are you circumsized I do
too downstairs I'm really you guys can
laugh you guys can smile a Muslim is a
great many things depending on your
perspective Muslim is the word we use to
label people that follow the Islamic
religion and believes in the oneness of
God and that Muhammad is His Messenger
that's really all that it is there's no
secret handshake you don't have to run
through a gauntlet things like not
cheating not stealing not killing not
hurting folks our principle to the faith
we can't eat pork there's no pork on my
fork no swine on my mind you're
practicing Muslim prays five times a day
not jiejie with a piggy
I'm not taking for the bacon every
chapter in Quran except one starts with
God is merciful God is compassionate
compassion mercy these were the two
concepts
I'm not hostage to the sausage there's a
lot of these phrases I think the
question of what is a Muslim 100 percent
cannot be answered we're talking about
over a billion people people think of
Muslim is traditionally based someone
looks like me with a beard maybe not as
much swag because that's unique to me
but Muslims come from all different
walks of life a Muslim is anyone who
says he's a Muslim there's all levels of
Muslims that includes you know the
secular Muslim who eats BLTs and washes
it down with a glass of Pinot there are
some that are very devout and practicing
there are some that are not just like
with every other faith nobody in Islam
gets to say who is and who is not a
Muslim God is the one who determines
that we don't have a Muslim Pope
although it'd be cool if we did and I
think it should be me if you really want
to break down the Arabic word it
literally means the one who submits to
God to peace according to my father a
Muslim is any person who surrenders to a
force greater than himself when I
introduced my atheist whitey white
infidel boyfriend to my dad my dad goes
listen listens at her the word Muslim
just means one who surrenders to a force
greater than himself that's it
does he believe in gravity so he
surrenders to the gravity it is a force
greater than himself he's Muslim
so welcome a great majority of us are
just ordinary boring people you know
shucks like us but what do I know I'm
just one Muslim out of 1.7 billion
