this is a map of Yellowstone National
Park for the most part the park is in
Wyoming but it extends a bit into
Montana and Idaho this little 50 square
miles section in Idaho is what concerns
us it's called the zone of death because
of a loophole that exists in the
Constitution of the United States if
someone were to exploit that loophole
they might be able to get away with
murder
Yellowstone was established in 1872
before Wyoming Idaho and Montana join
the Union it's federal land and always
has been but federal land across the
u.s. is split up and divided into its
corresponding state district courts
except for Yellowstone and this is where
the loophole begins law professor Brian
C kalt points out in his 2005 paper the
perfect crime that Yellowstone National
Park was assigned fully to Wyoming's
district court even though small
portions fall into Montana and Idaho
so unlike every other district the
district of Wyoming includes land in
other states so called asks the question
what happens if you are caught for a
crime you committed in that 50 square
mile Idaho region of the park the first
thing law enforcement would do is bring
you to Cheyenne the hub of the district
court of Wyoming because the crime
technically happened with in Wyoming's
jurisdiction but article 3 section 2 of
the United States Constitution says that
the trial should happen in the state
were you committed the crime if you're a
savvy murderer you'll invoke your right
to a trial in Idaho so they bring you
back to Idaho no big deal and the sixth
amendment they said that they would
require local juries and the language
they used is that the jury has to be
from the state and district where the
crime was committed this is called the
vicinity laws that leaves you with a
sort of Venn diagram you have the right
to demand a jury from that middle area
where the state in which you committed
the crime
that's Idaho overlaps with the judicial
jurisdiction where you committed the
crime
the Wyoming district that has
jurisdiction over Yellowstone National
Park and here's the problem nobody lives
there there's there's no way for
or them to give you a trial and so I
argue they should have to let you go
this could also happen in the Montana
bortion of the park except a few dozen
people do live there so a jury could
theoretically be called cult has
proposed numerous solutions to Congress
to fix the loophole but they have yet to
act all they have to do is redraw the
district lines so that the district of
Wyoming is Wyoming the district of Idaho
is Idaho and the district of Montana is
Montana and if they do that it all goes
away
so if you're planning a gathering of
your adversaries exes and debtors maybe
try Yosemite
