if you visit the National Mall the
Lincoln Memorial feels like it's always
been there it feels like the inker but
there was a 10-year battle before
construction could even begin when
journalist Susan Mandel investigated it
in 2008 she was dumbfounded I can't
think of anything that seems less
controversial than the Lincoln Memorial
it just belongs and it's so magnificent
and you know beautiful it's like what's
there to object to she found one person
at the center of that conflict somebody
who may have been the most powerful
Speaker of the House ever and he was a
Republican
just like Abraham Lincoln
why would a Republican fight the temple
that immortalized his party's most
famous leader the reason behind the
fight isn't just one stubborn
congressman it's the same dynamic that
holds back all monuments at the National
Mall
even today and it shows why we'll always
have trouble asking politicians to
envision greatness
there's a story that in the early 1900's
one voter asked their congressperson for
a copy of the house rules he got back a
picture of Joe Cannon in this picture by
the way he's explaining how to use
toothpicks as suspender buttons Joe
cannon was like the love child of Frank
Underwood and a corn maze his background
was like Lincoln's he was a Republican
from Illinois
Danville specifically he even met
Lincoln as a boy yet he was the reason
that the Lincoln Memorial proposal
stalled from 1902 while he fought tooth
and nail every step of the way against
putting them immortal there but the
problem wasn't that he hated Abraham
Lincoln it was that he admired him the
National Mall didn't always look like
this in 1870 the Army Corps of Engineers
started dredging the shallow swampy
Potomac River see how there used to be
water where the National Mall extends
today look at this map from 1861 watch
the Potomac River shrink as it
transitions to a satellite picture from
today the Army Corps of Engineers
significantly changed the Washington
landscape when Republicans took control
of all three branches of government in
1896 they had a new opportunity to move
past the Civil War and memorialize
Lincoln some wanted to use that new
space to do it in 1902 a plane and
proposed remaking the mall by
incorporating the new extra land but the
area was still a recovering swamp that
land was relatively shabby looking mean
it had just been dredged there was stuff
growing on it but it wasn't the uniform
it wasn't kept there was definitely
opposition to the Lincoln Memorial Joe
Cannon was a pragmatist who was happy on
a small-town porch a two million dollar
Greek temple scared him putting it in a
neighborhood Potomac flats known for
being a run-down former swamp seemed
even more absurd Congress had discussed
turning Potomac flats into a park well
he wanted there to be a garden for the
when Congress needed new space for
office buildings he suggested putting
skyscrapers on both ends of Congress so
if you didn't have an artistic
sensibility and he was very practical so
for a decade kanan blocked putting
Lincoln on the mall he couldn't see the
potential of the National Mall
he once said so long as I live I'll
never let a memorial to Abraham Lincoln
be erected in that goddamn swap the only
way to build the memorial was to remove
the obstruction Jo cannon had solidified
power by controlling the House Rules
Committee which helped him keep
legislation off the floor in addition to
the relatively minor fight over the mall
cannon was a powerful ruler in general
his grip on the house was so strong that
his own party repelled what essentially
forms is this insurgent bloc but those
insurgents were all motivated by
differences things some of them are
motivated by policies that cannon is
keeping off the table others were simply
pea owed that the speaker was using all
of that power to gum up what they
thought of as the legislative process in
1910 he was overthrown as Speaker
insurgents had organized their
opposition so they'd know what to do
when opportunities struck part of what
makes Congress work is that is all the
stuff going on in the background and you
have to be ready for your moment and
what the organization did was allow all
of these people vote together on
whatever they we do with Cannon weakened
more ambitious plans could succeed
despite his protests stripped of power
cannons still frantically promoted other
plans like a memorial near a relatively
far away park Meridian Hill but with
Democrats incoming in 1912 they had to
hurry to memorialize lincoln the lincoln
memorial location we know was finally
approved thanks to swift action it was
built
even though cannons still couldn't see
the potential
I think you lack the vision to see how
the architecture of the memorial would
be powerful and symbolic but I also
think he failed to see the power of that
place he saw it as a place no one who
had gone and why would they it was brand
new land it was overgrown and kind of on
the banks to Potomac he didn't have
anything there so why would anybody go
there Joe cannon was temporary a major
historical figure who's still now
largely forgotten today he has an office
building named after it it's not a
skyscraper
but even though canons gone we still ask
our politicians to be visionaries today
we can see the Lincoln Memorial's
greatness because it's already great but
when it comes to change lack of vision
fiscal conservatism and lack of
political will all coming together and
kind of like the perfect storm of
nothing happens before icons are iconic
there risks all of them
the powerful hayseed named Joe cannon
had a change of heart he later said we
tend to feet perhaps ought not to have
our way in matters of art but for the
time being they still do we can see
what's always been there seeing what's
next is the tough part
Henry bacon design the Lincoln Memorial
and it was dedicated in 1922 but I
wanted to show you one more of the
rejected designs like that one a
Meridian Hill this one from John Russell
Pope is the Lincoln pyramid yes
Lincoln Memorial could have been a
pyramid no how sweet it would have been
