for Americans the colors red and blue
are deeply linked to the Republican and
Democratic parties but it's really only
been that way since the 2000 election
after all this is what election night
results used to look like on American TV
victory gentlemen let me tell you this
as they ever teeth this machine that
taught you and I well were out of
business the wide adoption of color
television in the late 1960s and 1970s
changed all that but it still would be
several decades before the media settled
on the color scheme we know today what
are the hardest states to turn from blue
to red and what are the easy ones
President Obama has won every one of
these blue states he has to turn states
that have been voting blue to understand
where this red state blue state business
comes from let's go back to the very
first time a television network used
color maps to report election results
that happened in 1972 which also was the
first year that a majority of American
television households owned color TVs
each of the big three networks
broadcasted their election coverage in
color but here's what CBS did to
differentiate themselves from their
competition they created the first color
election map in American television
history and just look at Alabama on
CBS's map that oh so reliable
conservative state it was colored pure
Republican blue no your eyes were not
deceiving you the states that Republican
Richard Nixon won that night in his 1972
landslide victory were colored blue on
the CBS map
CBS's great broadcast innovation would
soon inspire the other networks to
introduce red and blue maps to their own
election night broadcasts for its part
CBS would keep the Republican blue and
democratic red scheme through the 1980
election or Reagan was a different story
they're shown in blue and this country
is almost solidly in the Reagan colors
tonight those pairings may seem odd
today but they weren't back then that's
because blue as NPR's Ron Elving has
noted was a color closely associated
with the Union Army led by Republican
Abraham Lincoln red on the other hand
was a color associated with leftists and
left-leaning parties throughout the
world as it is today in fact
NBC's 1976
selection chief told the Smithsonian
magazine that it was British Tory blue
and Labour Party red that influenced NBC
to go with this color scheme for 20
years you can see they look like a
suburban swimming pool a letter Walter
Mondale the winner of the state of
Minnesota colored red tonight for Walter
Mondale it is shaping up as a George
Bush map as we look at it back there
it certainly is Tom he goes into the
Clinton column after having voted with
the Republicans the last three times and
as you can see we color in the state of
Kentucky ABC News on the other hand had
its own state color logic red states are
states that we have projected having
gone from mr. Reagan red are reggae
that's why we chose red by 1996 ABC and
CBS had used the now-familiar Democratic
blue states and Republican red states on
their maps over several election cycles
so NBC decided to make the switch to for
a very simple reason NBC decided to
adapt the same color pattern as HC and
CBS so it's not too highly confusion for
the viewers but it wasn't until the 2000
election that the political concept or
term red state versus blue state took
hold on that election night the network
anchors and pundits relied heavily on
the colored maps to explain how close
the race was between George W Bush and
Al Gore very soon those red states and
blue states that the country saw over
and over again on TV became rooted in
American culture David Letterman was one
of the earliest cultural figures to pick
up on this just a few days after the
2000 election candidates worked out a
compromise and thank God not a minute
too soon here's how it's going to go
George W Bush will be president for the
red states
I'll W Gore will be president for the
blue state
those same television maps would also
help make red state and blue state a
popular term among political pundits and
newspaper headline writers it was useful
shorthand as memories of the 2000
election were burned into the American
psyche over time the term came to me not
just the states that voted for Bush and
gore but also a way to describe the
cultural values associated with American
electoral geography all this was not
lost on then State Senator Barack Obama
when he addressed the DNC in 2004 the
pundits the pundits like to slice and
dice our country into red states and
blue states red states for Republicans
blue states for Democrats but come
election night in 2004 the term the
coloring and the maps still stuck now
you can see the red and blue terminology
all over the place in American life it's
a modern party iconography it's in the
names of consulting groups and coffee
brands and even at this Kentucky
barbecue joint barbecue there's even a
color now for states that could vote
either democratic or republican and
while many may lament the divisions that
the terms have brought to the country
maybe they should look on the bright
side at least it inspired CBS's Harry
Smith to record this amazing song I'm
from a red state I'm from a blue one
we met in the middle and don't see eye
to eye
she's a bleeding-heart yours is made of
stone
sometimes I water how we get by
the doctors
