so I'm at my neighborhood grocery store
doing my shopping for the week I'm kind
of a health nut so I go right for the
stuff labeled natural what is carrot
Jian all right
all natural chicken breasts whoa okay
corn syrup solids maltodextrin dextrose
got some natural cheese not a myosin pop
how's that I am NOT alone in my
confusion there have been more than 100
lawsuits filed since 2011 all over this
one word natural the magazine Consumer
Reports has called out the FDA to ban
the term because when it comes to food
natural doesn't mean what you might
think in one survey 60% of Americans
thought natural products were free from
chemicals artificial ingredients and
pesticides but that is not the case at
all at least not according to the two
government agencies who regulate our
food supply the Food and Drug
Administration or FDA handles processed
foods like cereal chips and shredded
cheese altogether the FDA regulates
around 80 percent of our food supply and
according to the FDA there is no strict
definition for what makes something
natural their website says that's
because most of what we eat bears little
resemblance to anything that comes from
nature but this lack of clarity seems to
just cause confusion among consumers the
other government agency at play here is
the US Department of Agriculture or USDA
they handle eggs meat and poultry and
their definition is a little more
specific it basically says you can't add
anything after an animal has been
slaughtered and call the thing you've
made natural the label doesn't tell you
anything about how that animal was
raised what kind of food a and whether
it was given hormones or antibiotics for
eggs the term is completely meaningless
the fact that most of us don't know what
the natural label means and what it
doesn't this ignorance translates to big
bucks for food companies here's why the
line here shows the sales of organic
food products over the past ten years
they've jumped from nearly 14 billion in
2005 to almost 40 billion in 20
fifteen if companies want to call
something organic regulators have to
check and make sure that that thing is
mostly free from synthetic pesticides
chemical fertilizers and GMOs it's an
expensive and time-consuming process so
they use the word natural to try to tap
into a growing market without the hassle
and expensive actually going organic but
that could be changing the FDA just
wrapped up a public comment period where
they asked whether they should create a
stricter definition for the term natural
but even if the government defined the
term natural it wouldn't mean the same
thing as healthy lawsuits have argued
that genetically modified crops can't be
called natural but plenty of evidence
shows they're safe to eat and while some
food additives can be dangerous most of
them are safe at least according to the
Center for Science in the Public
Interest the bigger risk when it comes
to processed foods may not be their
synthetic additives but the perfectly
natural ingredients that get thrown in
in surprisingly high amounts the CSPI
says that there are two things that
cause more harm than all the food
additives combined salt and sugar
