the kardashian-jenner sisters get a lot
of heat for supposedly having no skills
you don't sing you don't dance you don't
have any any talent kendall Jenner is
also here I'm not exactly sure what she
does but they've built a business empire
with revenue coming not just from their
TV show but also fashion and makeup
lines mobile apps games and endorsements
Kim Kardashian's network is 85 million
she made fifty two point five million
last year they've stretched 15 minutes
of fame into nearly a decade and have
figured out how to monetize their every
move how well they understand something
about marketing that most companies
don't advertising surrounds us and as
consequence we've become experts at
tuning it out people are very very good
at recognizing the store and the
persuasive intent that's why the
majority of advertising is really not
successful communications professor
Jennifer looook says that business is
trying to figure out how to make money
online should take a lesson from the
Kardashians most celebrity Twitter feeds
are overtly promotional they're full of
corporate looking ads and tweets that
are clearly written by PR handlers
compare that to Kim Kardashian's feed
she whines about jet lag and asks her
followers whether she should embarrass
her husband hired in Atlanta it is
definitely a dynamic that comes very
close to a perceived friendship but it's
completely one-sided communication
scholars call this phenomenon Parra
social interaction the researchers who
coined the term in the mid 1950s
use it to describe the feeling of
friendship and closeness that people
felt with TV personalities who they'd
never met it don't look like you know
when you're at a concert or somebody is
singing and that person is looking into
the audience and you feel like they're
looking at you
and there's been a ad you a reality show
like Keeping Up with the Kardashians is
fertile ground for the beginnings of a
parasocial relationship and commit our
sisters nurture it by speaking to their
fans on social media like their friends
so how pretty are those oh oh and that
probably doesn't hurt that that includes
a fair amount of nudity so when Kim and
our sisters Hawk products which they do
all the time it doesn't feel like an
advertisement I'm obsessed it feels like
a recommendation from a friend a richer
better-looking friend who's getting paid
thousands of dollars to tweet about
swimsuits and teeth whitening the
Kardashians use every digital tool
imaginable to make millions of people
feel like they know them and make
millions of dollars for themselves in
the process and you don't have to
approve of them or even like them to
acknowledge that that's the talent
thanks so much for watching I am
channeling my inner Kim Kardashian to
bring you this videos and credit as a
selfie video and I want to meet you with
what we might call a moment of Zen or
Kardashian's n thanks for watching
nude selfies till I die
