why did the truffle get invited to all
the parties cuz he's a fun guy
get it a fun guy sorry about that but
there is some truth in it the truffle is
the most exciting fungus you could find
at the party Rock these warning balls of
decadence have a smell and taste that's
been described as musky but intoxicating
an experience to be had if you can
afford it the top truffles in the
business are the Italian white truffles
of Italy and the Perigord black truffles
from France which can cause thousands of
dollars per pound we got our hands on a
lesser truffle the summer or burgundy
truffle they grow throughout Europe how
looks like a dragon egg you know like
from Game of Thrones it's very
interesting so why are truffles so
expensive well for one thing they're
really hard to cultivate while there are
over 200 species of truffles only a
handful are fit for consumption and even
fewer are considered a prized culinary
gem found in temperate forests and
countryside's across the globe truffles
are the fruit of an ecto mycorrhizal
fungus that means they only grow
underground near the roots of certain
trees through a symbiotic relationship
with those trees truffle farmers can
inoculate orchards with truffle spores
but they can take years to grow and
there's no guarantee that the spores
will take hope this fungus is sensitive
to soil temperature moisture and even
other fungus spores cultivation has been
especially difficult for the famously
aromatic Italian white truffle adding to
their hefty price tag
farmers and foragers alike are then
tasked with finding the fungus truffles
that have grown closer to the surface of
the soil can be found because of
cracking in the surrounding soil and
because of their smell but most truffles
are found by dogs that are trained to
sniff out the ripe ones then you have to
carefully unearth it with the trowel and
keep the truffle from being damaged
female pics were once widely used in
truffling because they're naturally
drawn to truffle smell but it was hard
to stop them from eating the treasure
that they fell plus pigs are very subtle
truffle hunters are highly secretive
about their harvesting spots time is
also a big part of why truffles are so
expensive truffles generally have short
seasons of just a few months and once
they're harvested there's a limited
window of when truffles are fresh
they're best enjoyed right away
but after that you've got around seven
days before begins to lose all its
flavor and rot even this half the aroma
dissipates around four or five days
chuckle yields are much lower than they
used to be and part due to climate
change
a century ago France produce hundreds of
tonnes of black truffles per year counts
down to 40 because of truffles scarcity
and high prices they're subject to the
shadier size of the trade there's always
a risk of counterfeit it's not uncommon
for the less regarded Asiatic truffles
to get mixed with the good stuff truffle
oils have also popped up everywhere but
they're usually made from synthetic
compounds not from real truffles on the
more extreme side farms have been raided
truffle hunting dogs have been kidnapped
and poisoned one man was even killed and
an tempted truffle burglary it's hard to
know how much of it is hike but there is
something to be said about the truffles
elusive nature sidestepping the
commodification of its spores to the
masses it's like Miley Cyrus love them
or hate them the world's most expensive
fungi cannot be tamed
I feel like a cave with like a lot of
Glade plugins around you know like
they're trying to like beat the cave
smell with all the glaze
