every election cycle the American voter
has to grapple with controversial issues
like terrorism or abortion but this year
the debate is taking place in an area
that most of us would want to avoid the
public bathroom
and want to use the bathroom you would
be fine with her using any bathroom she
chooses that is correct
proponents of a new line North Carolina
say that allowing transgender people to
go to the bathroom in the bathroom the
fits with their gender identity would
cause the end of public schools as we
know it
if this prevails this will be the end of
public schools as we know it although
it's a hot topic right now other cities
have already implemented this policy in
fact the three largest school districts
New York Los Angeles and Chicago all
already have that policy in place with
no notable uptick in assaults so if this
bathroom policy is already in place in
so many areas in the United States then
I know people so terrified I know this
is chase Tran Gio he's a lawyer at the
ACLU
and he's transgender you do yeah I know
why why tell me why well I think people
are really anxious about the fact that
we have to share public space with
people who are different from ourselves
in general and right now there's all
this attention on transgender people so
people are focusing all of the fear and
confusion about who trans people are
around their anxiety about the bathrooms
in general and trying to expel
transgender people from public space
we've seen it over and over again
throughout history the reality is that
bathrooms have long been a battleground
and we saw this in the context of the
civil rights movement and efforts to
expel black people from spaces that
white people dominated including
bathrooms and locker rooms wait what are
you doing in the women's bathroom if I
was in North Carolina I would have to
use the women's bathroom because I was
assigned female at birth so I would be a
dude in the women's bathroom that's with
a lot of required
that these lawmakers are literally
causing the problem that they say that
they want to avoid in the first place
yeah that's what I'm saying
but can you give me a minute oh yeah
sorry sorry
to be fair creating gender-neutral
spaces is tricky there's a rec center in
New York where they allow a
gender-neutral locker room and some
parents were concerned about girls being
in the same room as men but if these
lawmakers are so worried about men
entering women's bathrooms then why are
they passing a law that will effectively
do just that the biggest irony is that
HB 2 and laws like it would in fact
force trans men to enter and use women's
bathrooms if public officials want to
spend money and time debating a real
problem it should be the dangers that
transgender people face in America like
the homicide rate that has hit a
historic high in the US or the fact that
41% of trans people have already
attempted suicide just last year a
transgender homecoming king and activist
in North Carolina committed suicide why
aren't lawmakers in that state alarmed
by that instead and if lawmakers insist
on elbowing their way into the restroom
maybe they should address the real and
well-documented harassment of
transgender people in restrooms one
study found that 70 percent of trans
individuals have experienced some form
of harassment in a bathroom
and bills like hb2 cutting that danger
bills like it even if they don't even
pass could cause a public health crisis
in the transgender community
maybe those should be the numbers
keeping lawmakers up at night
