the gift is one of the Internet's most
loyal friends and the story of people
trying to make money off the gift is one
that goes back to the earliest days of
the internet the graphics interchange
format was invented by this guy in 1987
he by the way pronounces it jiff it
wasn't long before people tried to use
this technology for business the biggest
operation was a website called animation
Factory which produce insult gifts of
every imaginable variety it seems like
they set out to try and animate the
entire world starting with the sort of
most arcane and bizarre ideas they could
think of that's Alex Goldman he's the
co-host of one of my favorite podcast
called reply all he recently ran a story
about animation factories rise in the
late 90s I gotta say my favorite is
there is a faceless man and he's sort of
wriggling and floating above him as a
UFO there are tens of thousands the
owners say that there's something like
half a million gifts on the site it's
just a an insane insane insane way there
was a time on the internet when these
animated gifts were the thing you would
decorate your website with there was no
aesthetic for the Internet who knows
whom you did this image of a guy with an
automatic hammer machine but someone did
an animation factory was there to make
it the business model of animation
factory was if if there's something that
someone may have wanted one of we're
gonna make fifteen of that thing
amazingly that was a viable business
strategy in like the late 90s early
2000s Alex said that he heard from
someone who was on the board of the
company that owned animation factory in
the early 2000s he told me that
animation Factory in its heyday was
making about two million dollars a year
in profits I mean the Internet of the
late 90s and early 2000s was a pre blog
world it was before the internet had
templates
allowed people to easily make
attractive-looking vlogs but the
internet matured and by the mid-2000s
web design was informed by professional
standards blogs showed up with their
standardized templates and gifts lost
their place as the design elements and
placeholders on the web then something
started happening around the late 2000s
that would pave the way for a gift
Renaissance bandwidth improved and
people started making gifts out of
existing video content not for web
design purposes but solely as a mode of
expression the rise of places like
tumblr and reddit meant there was more
places to put these little bite-sized
expressions gifts were back the gift
Renaissance also spurred on some huge
business ventures surrounding the
potentially lucrative gift economy we're
biologically wired for visual
consumption and communication that's
Adam leaps in the chief operating
officer of giffy which is the biggest of
the new gift companies they're basically
a gift search engine and they plan to
make money by partnering with huge
brands to create gifts of that brands
content that people can share in their
day-to-day communication so
traditionally an advertiser would have
to spend a lot of money to get their
message through the market and they're
using all this stuff to interrupt your
experience and they're just hoping that
like that message will sink in and we're
making it a bottom-up approach in that
we're making this content accessible and
expressive people are taking those
branded objects that piece of
gameofthrones that clip of Seinfeld and
they're sending it to their friend
instead of the brand shoving the message
down somebody's throat people are the
ones being their brand ambassadors
they're self identifying with the
content because they selected it they're
endorsing it because they sent it to you
and you're both bonding over emotionally
because you're using it
okay so what you might send a gif of
Zach Braff expressing exactly what you
need to tell a friend
Hulu sees this as advertising for their
show Scrubs if advertisers are looking
for engagement with their content it
doesn't get much better than this big
production studios see this as a way of
sneaking little advertisements into your
email and text feeds and they may be
willing to pay big bucks for
partnerships with places like giffy but
as of now there are no paid gifts on the
site and giffy says that they don't have
specific plans on if or how they will
mark sponsored gifts as advertisements
for now they seem to be focused on
making gifts ubiquitous and accessible
in every communication platform you
can't buy a net like you can't buy an ad
inside of our iMessage conversation
that's just never going to happen and
venture capitalists seem to think that
this is a safe bet as well giffy is
valued at 300 million dollars even
though it doesn't even make money yet
everyone's searching for content anyways
everyone's searching for expressive
content hellogoodbye
how are you they're really searching for
that content translated we're sort of
through the lens of whatever is the
cultural phenomenon of the moment
whether it's Game of Thrones or some
other new movie or some other big TV
show from an advertising standpoint what
we're suggesting is we should just be
doing more of that
