late sleepers get a bad rap rise and
shine come on maybe your friend who
wakes up at 5 a.m. every day is like
kind of quirky but I bet they're
productive your friend who wakes up 11
every day like what do you think about
that but it turns out sleeping late
isn't just a preference or a bad habit
research is showing that our bed time
could be coded into our DNA each of us
has an internal clock but my clock isn't
necessarily in synch with yours
that's because we all have our own
chronotype or preference sleeping
pattern scientists study chrono types by
tracking when people go to sleep on days
when they don't have to go to work or to
school this chart shows the midpoint of
people sleep on those free days if you
go to bed around 11 p.m. and get up
around 7 a.m. you have an average
chronotype a very small number of people
on either end of the chart have either
very early or very late chrono types but
even those of us who are just slightly
behind the average chronotype can wake
up feeling jet-lagged every day if you
have an average chronotype you're
generally getting the same amount of
sleep on both three days and workdays so
your sleep schedule fits with society
schedule but the later York loner type
the bigger the difference between the
amount of sleep you get on free days
versus workdays so going back to work
after a free day can feel like flying
over several time zones and to
understand why you need to look at the
master clock in our body it's a bundle
of neurons called the suprachiasmatic
nucleus or SCN
if you have a normal chronotype your Sen
tells the pineal gland to start
producing melatonin around 9:00 p.m.
that makes you sleepy
around 10:30 your colon start
suppressing bowel movements your body
temperature drops to its lowest point
around 4:30 a.m. and your blood pressure
reaches its highest point around 6:45
a.m. so you're at your most alert around
10:00 a.m. but for people with late
Crono types all this stuff happens later
in the day
and there's not much they can do about
it that's because inside the neurons
that make up the SCN scientists have
discovered something called clock genes
these genes turn on and off throughout
the day to keep your body on this
24-hour cycle this 7 day time lapse of
the Sen shows these clock genes
releasing proteins every 24 hours like
clockwork researchers who study families
of extreme early risers show that many
of them share the same mutation on one
of these clock genes and studies have
found similar mutations in hamsters with
early chrono types but when scientists
took out these hamsters SCN their body
clock and replace them with the SCN of a
normal hamster they still woke up and
went to sleep super early and that's
because the SCN isn't our only
biological clock you also have all these
little clocks in every single cell your
body in the early rising hamsters these
clocks in the body preserved the early
chronotype even after the brains SCN was
taken out and for humans this helps
explain why it's nearly impossible for
late sleepers to adjust a society
schedule the cells in their bodies
literally won't let them and that's a
problem in one study researchers took
healthy people and messed with their
sleep schedules after 3 weeks they had
early signs of diabetes people with late
chrono types are also more likely to be
smokers and to develop depression and
maybe that should change the way we
think about sleep you know it's not this
nuisance
this kind of fundamental part of life
maybe some late sleepers are lazy sure
but the rest have been sorely
misunderstood
