that was very little about one and a
half play uncle gave me a spoon I spell
it
SP oon and that's it that's how it
started but my first spelling bee was
too and I okay new mono
ultra-microscopic so color can Antonio
su p and e om o n o UL t r8 m IC ro s co
p IC s IL IC o the OLC a and ocon iOS is
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
so just get the letters in my mind as I
speak say the letters that would come
out of my mind and I say the first
letter every time the one the letters
come up steps I can use fork and getting
the rule getting the word way number one
is alternate pronunciations play and
alternate pronunciations please next one
am i pronouncing the word correctly you
can make sure you're pronouncing the
word right now three wings of origin
we don't have the language of origin
please originally Greek word well the
language of origin will help you I'll
flick many parts of spelling the right
word I can give an example bond on yo
India one which is a very tricky word
the ons in that word will be sprouts
nasally like it will print out it'll be
pronounced with the nose like wait so
and then you say like oh wait you say
sounds like Oh like wait point going on
you're like oh it sounds like a wall dog
now let's move on to definition look in
what the word means
so if it's a hominin that definition can
really help you out next up is the part
of speech it might be optional but most
of the time I have to use it if I can
ask that so that I know if it's a noun
ending in u.s. or an adjective ending in
owe us so finally say it's about say I
say the word spell the words say the
word and I'm done
