Whole Foods refrigerator section by the
fish'll nice 7-eleven beside the fruit
cups and light syrup Trader Joe's buy
the package sausage it is everywhere but
as sushi made its way into foodies
hearts across the globe one thing has
persisted in making sushi sushi and it's
right there in the name the word sushi
actually refers not to the fish but to
the rice it was originally used to
preserve the fish some of the earliest
documentation of sushi comes from China
thousands of years ago during the
monsoon season floods push fish into
rice paddies and farmers who caught the
fish needed a way to store them for
extended periods of time so they salted
the whole fish packed it under weights
with cooked rice
and sealed it in a barrel months later
bacteria had converted sugars in the
rice into lactic acid which helped
prevent the fish from spoiling the
pickled fish was eaten and the rice was
tossed out this preservation method
spread to Japan around the 8th century
where they later shortened the
fermentation time and began eating the
sour taste in rice with the fish and
when rice vinegar was invented around
1600 it was used to flavor the rice
instead of waiting for it to ferment
later the invention of nori sometime
before the 19th century led to Maki or
roll sushi 18th century sushi was often
three to four times bigger than what we
see today and was served as street food
in Japan as I moved indoors our shuang's
wanted to distinguish their sushi as
more refined so they started making the
Petit nigiri we know today only after
the invention of refrigeration in the
20th century the raw fish sushi become
more common in the 1960s sushi landed in
the US and ended up at the first
American sushi bar Chaya fugu in Los
Angeles Little Tokyo it eventually
became popular all across the US by the
1980s and the rest is history
sushi rolls in particular are continuing
to make their mark in American cuisine
you've got the Philly roll with it's
very own Japanese ingredient of
Philadelphia Cream Cheese the California
roll made with avocados and fake
crabmeat and many more non-traditional
ingredients deep-fried sushi it was also
in the states where the Maki roll was
turned inside-out reportedly in response
to American squeamishness about seedy
but through it all the flavor of vinegar
rice is a staple tying today's sushi
back to a very practical past
