every presidential election year there
is this one visual aid that we see over
and over again show the Mitt Romney map
look at that map let's go back to the
2000 map and it is in dire need of a
redesign just look at this map it's not
just unhelpful it's actually misleading
it shows the states that Mitt Romney and
Barack Obama won in 2012 without more
information it's really hard to tell
that Obama actually won he beat Romney
by more than a hundred electoral votes
so while this map does a great job
telling you that Romney won Montana for
example what it doesn't tell you is how
much that victory doesn't matter it's
because Montana only gets three
electoral votes Massachusetts gets four
times as many and you can barely find it
on the map that's because the people who
made this map made a choice they chose
to prioritize Geographic accuracy over
electoral importance and geographically
accurate maps are great for road trips
but they don't do a very good job
telling us how the country voted so some
designers have tried other solutions
they're making different maps called
cartograms these maps distort the
state's shape so that their physical
size corresponds not with their
geographic boundaries but with the
number of electoral votes they get
here's a version designed by the New
York Times with each state scaled by
electoral votes they've ditched the
precise borders of each state in favor
of squares but still arrange them
geographically so it's easy enough to
find your own state another approach
from the daily Coast makes room to
report the popular vote from each
congressional district but so far these
ideas haven't been widely adopted so
does this mean that we're stuck with bad
maps for another election cycle not
necessarily there are so many different
ways to visualize information why not
show a list of states or a series of bar
charts all of these methods tell you so
much more than those ubiquitous red
state blue state maps
