for an issue that's been front and
center this election there's a lot of
disagreement about whether the wage gap
even exists too many women still earn
less than men on the job does it exist
it does right if you become president
will a woman make the same as a man
you're gonna make the same if you do as
good a job I just don't know if it's
real oh my god are you up so low are you
talking about the wage gap yeah does it
exist boy do I have some stories for you
Hope Solo helped her team win the World
Cup last year
she's also suing the soccer federation
for wage discrimination because it
chooses to pay its male players more
money than its female players I was
always the asshole alright I Wow
I was always kind of asking questions
that nobody wanted the answers to and
you know just kind of stirring things up
do you like people thought you weren't
asked just for bringing up you know
absolutely yeah absolutely indeed
speaking yes and these are my own
teammates you know it was hope just be
happy we're getting paid this has just
been instilled inside of my teammates
and women for such a long time but I
don't know how to break that process I
mean you guys I mean so the minute
soccer team is good you guys are like
really good you bought in 20 million
I mean dollars in revenue but you're
paid less than the men's team it's funny
I mean when you look at the numbers
alone logically it makes sense pay the
women not equal to the myth men hate
women more because they've brought in
almost 21 million dollars in revenue
whereas the men's team lost two million
dollars so they never bring any revenue
into the Federation not to mention the
fact that we had you know more
viewership we broke records with
most-watched during my watch and review
so we beat the men's record which took
place in 2014 and I'm sure it will
continue to grow and we'll continue to
compete but the pay scale doesn't
compete
don't even compare but I get comments
all the time like just not believing
that the pay gap is is real women accept
lower paying jobs that our fault as
women's national teams because we
accepted a lesser contract so if women
like hope soul are actually experiencing
the wage gap then why are jealous and
academics denying that it exists well
they say it boils down to choice women
often choose lower paying professions
and work fewer hours but Theresa younger
the CEO of the MS foundation makes a
crucial point that assumption that women
aren't working as hard as the premise of
the conversation is a farce do you think
that we value them as work yes I believe
we do you know we're the fastest growing
jobs in this country are on caregiving
and around teaching and we still have
not made that profess those professions
really reflective of the important role
they play in our society she's right a
good portion of the wage gap is
explained by the fact that society has
decided to value the jobs that women
often work in bless in research supports
this for instance as more women enter
male-dominated fields research shows
that men's pay tends to go down jobs
that were previously male-dominated like
being a ticket agent as it became female
dominated saw a decrease in pay of 43
percentage points and even in female
dominated professions the men in those
jobs still make more than women male
nurses make on average $5,100 more than
their female counterparts but men being
advantaged in jobs that are female
dominated is so common that it's
actually a phenomenon that's called the
glass escalator
but the wage gap gets even wider when
you add race black women are making
sixty cents to the dollar that a white
male is making Latino women are making I
believe it's 54 cents and then if you
break down the data even further we have
different communities in the South Asian
community making like 34 cents but
despite this surveys show that most
employees don't even think that the wage
gap exists in their own workplace and
men are more likely to deny that it
exists we have to ask men which we don't
oftentimes do how they believe the wage
gap affects them do they understand
what's going on and do they understand
what's being said by it when we talk
about the moon today it seems like this
is an issue that doesn't just affect
women it affects men too how do we get
them involved them oh hey you you guys
are men get in here you know this is
actor Matt McGorry and former NFL player
Wade Davis they both identify as men why
don't more men care about the wage gap I
don't think that they know it exists I
really I didn't know you know I don't
think the men oftentimes think about
issues that impact women I you know just
being honest yeah yeah I think they
either don't know or they prefer the
term but don't really believe it it's
not it there are men actively like all
right hate women um let's not give them
the whole dollar you know it's not as
simple as that
men don't think at impact
also you know that they don't realize
that if they do have a wife and she
brings in money as well that it impacts
their their household income so maybe if
we didn't spend so much time arguing
over whether the wage gap exists we'd
have more time actually fix it and we'd
all be better off
thank you oh
tip 22 cents I only have 78
Oh
