there has been this amazing kind of
hilarious conversation recently where
the media has become convinced
absolutely convinced that Donald Trump
is all of a sudden going to remake
himself into a moderate Trump's comments
appear to signal a more moderate shift
and some are asking is it a sign of
things to come to be fair this is
something Donald Trump at his campaign
keep telling them his aide Paul Manafort
went to a private meeting Republican
National Committee members and he told
them that Donald Trump knew his
negatives were terrible he knew he would
need to change to win a general election
and so Matt affort said Trump's quote
image is going to change a Donald Trump
has been saying the same thing himself
back in January he told a bunch of
voters in Iowa when I'm president of a
different person I can do anything I can
be the most politically correct person
that you've ever seen which is not
usually what politicians tell voters
that they are completely lying about who
they are and they will just totally
change it as soon as you win the
election but here's the thing Donald
Trump can't be the most politically
correct person you've ever seen he can't
be some other guy the image isn't going
to change to see this go back to 1990
when Donald Trump gave this amazing
incredibly telling interview to Playboy
almost everything Donald Trump says
there he could say today but one part of
the interview in particular it sums up
his ideologies so perfectly he says
people need to ego whole nations need
ego I think our country needs more ego
because it is being ripped off so badly
by our so-called allies they have
literally out ego ties to this country
for Donald Trump being this brash
confident egotist projecting this kind
of intense charisma and power hunger
it's not just personality it's ideology
and it has served him in good stead it
is the core of not just his presidential
campaign it is the core of his business
Trump is a man who puts his a name on
buildings on stakes on or games on books
on bicycle races on golf courses on
bottled water he puts it on cologne he
literally has a clone named success by
Donald Trump
whatever that smells like I can't demand
he puts his name on I glasses he became
a reality television star through sheer
force of personality he was a bit
character in the World Wrestling
Entertainment where he body-slammed
Vince McMahon had shaved his head
there's a reason Donald Trump is more
famous than your average rich guy this
is who Donald Trump really is it is who
he has spent decades becoming it is who
he believes that he needs to be it is
who he believes countries need to be
this is how he has gotten so rich it is
how he's become so successful it is how
he's gotten his aim everywhere it is how
he's dominated the Republican primary
none of it is changing it's worked too
well for him for it to change now I can
imagine what some of you are thinking
that that moderation it's not just about
personality it's also about policy and
couldn't Donald Trump just come out and
have male moderate policies but if that
were true if it were just that we
wouldn't be having this conversation at
all the fact of the matter is Donald
Trump in many cases has more moderate
policies than most Republicans do
already he's promised to protect Social
Security and Medicare from cops we're
gonna save Social Security we're not
gonna cut Social Security we're not
gonna cut Medicare he's promised that he
will cover everyone with government
provided health insurance he's promised
to tax the rich it reduces or eliminates
most of the deductions and loopholes
available to special interests and to
the very rich none of this has made him
a moderate in the eyes of the press in
the eyes of the voters none of it has
fixed his image and and there's a reason
for that for better for worse and then
sometimes it's for worse moderation in
American politics is as much a
personality type as it is political
positions the the candidates the the
politicians who get called moderates
they're cautious they're compromising
they're they're sober they're comforting
in their public demeanor moderation is a
political style not just a political
position Donald Trump is the opposite of
that political style he is
uncompromising offensive even when he's
saying things that are moderate in their
substance he says them in ways that
shock people that insult people
completely contemptuous of political
institutions you're a tough guy Jim is
he routinely violates existing standards
of decorum like to punch him in the face
I'll tell you to reinvent himself as a
moderate in other words chump would need
to discover not simply gentler policies
but a gentler personality a whole
different personality but he can't do
that not after decades of being Donald
Trump of learning to be Donald Trump of
finding success by being Donald Trump
like all of us Donald Trump can't escape
who he really is and he's not some sober
reassuring moderate he's this guy I
could be presidential but if I was
presidential would only have about 20%
of you would be here because it would be
boring as hell I was now let me be on
presidential just for a little while
longer and maybe I'll be a little bit
unpresidential as I beat Hillary because
