New Yorkers turn up for a lot of stuff
we don't even have a dressing room this
is a pop-up bitch but there's one thing
that they're really bad at turning up
for voting only 25% of registered voters
voted in the 2014 gubernatorial race in
2008 only 61% of registered voters
showed up at the ballot box which was
the worst voter turnout for any major
American city and the turnout was even
lower in 2012 the truth of the matter is
that New Yorkers don't vote it's so bad
that the state ranked 48th out of 50 in
2014 in terms of voter turnout with all
eyes on the New York primary and
candidates trying to publicly eat as
much pizza and flawlessly swipe as many
metro cards as humanly possible a lot is
riding on the New York vote so we went
to a Bernie Sanders rally in Washington
Square Park to find out what's up with
all these New Yorkers not voting so many
people I know especially young people in
like students totally missed the
deadline even though they really wanted
to vote but and they probably would have
but they missed the deadline or like
didn't know how to do it Jeff friends
who missed the deadline and weren't able
to do it yeah yeah my friend didn't
register in time it's I think it's
intentionally a complicated process
where every states got different rules
some are open some are closed somewhere
caucuses different dates things like
that of course we were at a Bernie
Sanders rally so one specific issue kept
coming up they make it hard for you to
switch parties like it's like six months
in advance of the primary which I think
it's not really cool I think they make
it harder he's right the primary is
closed to registered members of each
party and the date to change party
affiliation was October 9th of last year
even though the primary is happening in
April so a lot of people on both sides
of the aisle missed that date including
Donald Trump's own children one of the
most onerous rules in terms of
registration and it required us to
register a long time ago almost close to
a year ago
and and we we didn't do that we found
out about it sort of after the fact and
this makes it especially hard for
independents who want to be part of the
primary I just switch over from
independent and when I heard Bernie was
running last fall I immediately switched
over because I saw I looked it up but I
know a lot of people who are not gonna
be able to vote who want to that puts
Bernie Sanders at a disadvantage yeah I
mean it's clear like there's no question
that the party system is set up to keep
an outsider out right I think that's
like abundantly clear everyone can see
it you know like the veil has been
lifted and we see what happens when an
outsider tries to enter the highest
office in the country there's no
question the guy standing on the fence
is sort of right caucuses with same-day
registrations have favored Bernie and
could explain why he's done so well in
those contests the caucuses he does
better in the caucus situation and you
know why because people vote on Election
Day so they've had time you don't have
the early voters which tended to go for
Hillary because they've known her a long
time the people wait the wait and they
vote on Election Day of Bernie Bernie
has done well but New York's voting
problem goes beyond this primary and
it's not like some people haven't tried
to make it easier to vote in New York
many have tried to amend the laws to
make it easier to switch parties or
allow for early voting but since the
state doesn't have a Secretary of
Elections like most states do those
changes just haven't happened in all
fairness it's not like New Yorkers are
all that different from the rest of
Americans the US has one of the worst
voter turnout rates in the world in fact
according to Pew it trails most
developed countries so modernizing our
electoral process wouldn't just benefit
New York it could benefit us all or
alternatively we could all just move to
Sesame Street and start our own
democracy moppet bernie is registered to
vote in the state of Sesame Street
Sesame Street how long have you been
registered there
you know I think about 74 years 74 years
