huh springtime that warm breeze the Sun
on your face and lots and lots of plant
sex let's take it slowly
yes flowers grass and trees are getting
it on and seasonal allergy sufferers are
miserable that's because our immune
systems mistake harmless grains is
hollering for dangerous intruders they
go into overdrive mode releasing a
chemical called histamine that triggers
those annoying symptoms seasonal
allergies are affecting more and more
people and scientists are scrambling to
figure out why one idea that scanning
traction is the hygiene hypothesis the
theories that are immune systems need
training when we're kids to learn how to
respond to organisms that cause disease
if the immune system doesn't get enough
exposure to things like bacteria it
might not be able to tell what's a real
threat and what's harmless it's also
more likely to misfired overreacted
innocent visitors like pollen when it
does and releases the histamine that
triggers those annoying seasonal allergy
symptoms this is still just a theory it
doesn't explain why some people get
allergies others don't but it is helping
scientists understand some interesting
relationships like by kids who grow up
on farms or who have more siblings tend
to have fewer seasonal allergies and
babies born via c-section tend to have
more the hygiene hypothesis proposes
that farmed siblings and vaginal births
expose kids the kinds of good bacteria
that give their immune systems plenty of
practice separating friend from foe
evidence for the hygiene hypothesis also
shows up in other places studies
analyzing the fecal matter of people
with seasonal allergies found that they
were missing lots of the good bacteria
which could be why some allergy
sufferers say they had fewer symptoms
when the added bacterial rich foods like
yogurt to their diet those scientists
say more researchers needed to find out
why the hygiene hypothesis might also
help explain why kids with higher levels
of a chemical call try clustered in
their bodies seem to have more seasonal
allergies triclosan is the active
ingredient in most antibacterial soaps
handles and wipes according to the
hygiene hypothesis it's killing good
bacteria along with the bag which makes
kids immune systems more likely to
mistake pollen for a serious threat
that's why it's probably a good idea for
us to stop buying
antibacterial products and stick with
regular soap and water
now the take-home message from these
studies isn't that you should stop
cleaning your homes or washing their
hands in an attempt to keep allergies at
bay the hygiene hypothesis is more of a
starting point a way for us to start
thinking about how our modern
environment might be shaping our health
