they can't believe this I'm a politician
unbelievable you could see the X I click
at those hands are they small people
people want to move to Canada they're
not acting like politicians so I think
like middle school kids if Donald Trump
is president that's gonna be a really
big disaster and I'll probably have to
leave the country where would you go I'm
going to Canada
I'm gonna move to Canada 28 percent of
Americans say they'll move to Canada
Donald Trump is elected president 15
percent of Hillary's elected president I
agree I would move to we brought them
the immigration papers I have
application forms for permanent
residence in Canada would you fill it
out and they were like hell yeah like it
would be a great reality show like I
would watch that show it'd be very well
written honestly it was a reality show
but it's
I mean I was shocked that people
actually fill them out but like what are
we gonna what do we do now
what about gonna be do with them right
yeah we didn't think about that there is
one person we can ask
so glad to be here Justin Trudeau Prime
Minister of Canada heartthrob phenom who
wrote a wave of flowers and sunshine to
victory last fall he's such a phenomenon
that he inspired this could you run for
president you know well it's trying to
interview him okay guys I don't know if
you noticed that I actually have a job
and it's a pretty good one once I got
him away from the thronging bros i asked
him about the impending eighty six point
eight million american that's like so
many millions of Americans like fiscal
about five victories I missed a shit
that's not such a connection with your
position if you remember that George W
Bush election george w bush's reelection
especially there's a lot of people say
oh no if he gets elected again I'm
moving to Canada and other people are
saying the same thing but you know if
you actually look at what happens after
elections
yeah the immigration numbers don't
necessarily start really so we actually
talked to New Yorkers and do you mind if
I share their messages with you hey
promise that Judah please help us please
help us if you could grant me refugee
status from Donald Trump
I'm totally gonna move to your country
that all Americans come to Canada so we
could be safe and happy and free you had
a quote right like your cabinets diverse
because it's 2016 like that's the kind
of thing that we need we can't we need
to move forward and be more inclusive so
you remove that borrow we don't want
nobody between us anymore we don't want
that we want one country one nation one
president if these go rogue knowing that
bad direction save us
save us from Trump please thank you what
is the link of that this actually gives
me tremendous confidence really yeah
because people are realizing you know
that this election does matter and they
have strong opinions and people who
might not have thought about voting and
you know are now gonna make sure that
their voices get heard and they're gonna
and they're gonna make sure that the
government that gets elected in the
United States reflects their values and
their priorities and that's that's
that's what democracy is supposed to be
all about we have difficult divisive
discussions in our election campaign
we've had challenges around all sorts of
things and and I think the sense is that
we're a place that has been able to work
through it and work it out a little bit
better than some other places because
Canada is one of those countries that
figured out a fair while ago that
differences and diversity are actually a
source of strength not a source of
weaknesses and when you sort of draw
people together with a whole bunch of
different perspectives but a similar
desire to succeed and create a good
future for themselves and their
neighbors there's a lot of good things
that happen not many countries beat
Canada in terms of immigration one out
of five Canadians or born there in one
out of ten refugees resettled across the
old is resettled in Canada and yet all
of this diversity is not causing the
chaos that many people fear and that
diversity now shows up in its leadership
one of the first things that Justin
Trudeau did as Prime Minister was design
a diverse cabinet of an equal amount of
men in women so what would the world
look like if every cabinet or every
office was 50/50 first of all as
citizens around the world would be more
comfortable that their issues might be
noticed and taken taken seriously I mean
frankly we need that we need a new set
of solutions I mean if we know yeah that
that Einstein was right the problems we
have created for ourselves can't be
solved at the same level of thinking
that created those problems well I mean
we need to try a different approaches
much more heterogeneous in our in our in
our decision-making but it's not like
it's all rainbows and butterflies either
in the 90s the country was so divided
that it almost separated and many
Canadians aren't on board with this
multiculturalism there's even a poll
showing that a third of Canadians
actually agree with Trump's Muslim ban
how do you govern fir for all Canadians
including those for me I try to try to
bring it down to to the actual people
and the individuals I mean there's two
ways to do it the first one is that when
individuals and you ask if if you know
they really when they think about that
they're really thinking about the the
shopkeeper down the street who they see
every day and goes no no no no that
guy's great but you know it's just in
general weed and you realize that it's
it's a it's a nebulous fear that is
latched on to an idea but it's not
actually tangible a great example of
that was the the issue of Quebec chef
Nevada all right this was a highly
controversial but popular bill recently
proposed in Quebec it would have banned
state employees from wearing religious
symbols while working when people
actually realize what that would mean
was for example a young woman would have
to choose between her job and her faith
people said well no no no that's that's
not what we wanted at all that's not
what we mean at all so I think a lot of
what we need to do is really unpack the
consequences of things I mean a society
that tells a woman what she can has to
wear on her head in the case of a veil
or in niqab is is not a free society but
then how is a society that tells a woman
what she can't wear on her header on her
face how is that a free society and it's
not an easy question it's not an easy
answer the challenges politics doesn't
work in you know thoughtful reasonable
conversations anymore it happens in the
setting bites and shouted slogans and
bumper stickers and you know 10-second
video clips and how we take those tools
that we have to use and and tie them to
reasonable conversations is the big
challenge that politics politics is
defined by now so even though we love to
dream about running away to Canada these
problems sound pretty familiar and
Canada has its own issues we're doing
okay but there's a lot of work still to
do so what's the work left to do what
are the things that well a big one
Canada has for generations if not
centuries broken its relationship and
it's its partnership with indigenous
peoples we we ignored the fact that
thousands upon thousands of indigenous
women and girls went missing and
murdered over over the past few decades
and we need to re-engage with that
responsibly we need to look at the fact
that a kid who grows up in an indigenous
community doesn't have the same access
to education or positive outcomes that
that any kids born anywhere else in the
country have so there's a lot of work to
do on that there's more work to do on
even on feminism and it was talking
about about you know how it's 2016 and
we're doing well and they're there good
good things that we've done but we're
still way down on the list of countries
in terms of pay equity in Canada is
worse than a lot of other countries
including ones we wouldn't suspect we
would be worse than
on our women paid as much as men so I
mean there's there's a lot of work stuff
to do
thank you guys I've got a really good
job right now when his running away from
our problems really solves anything
maybe instead of running away to Canada
we can learn something from it would you
drop
you know feminist ryan gosling the means
that the STI - I've seen a little bit of
it - sorry that just that when men were
exposed to me they were more likely to
identify as wit with feminist beliefs
would you be willing for us to use a
phone of you and put them as me like
we'll we'll put it for you
I have applications to apply for
permanent residence in Canada I couldn't
do it you couldn't do it I couldn't do
what if it was like three degrees warmer
I just I know this girl from Canada and
I hate her so much and so she ruined the
country for me I'm not even kidding
if you could pick out this one person
from the country and grant me refugee
status from Donald Trump
I'm totally gonna move to your country
where do I put my email like your height
if you want color of your eyes click it
tinder
probably think okay you get it yeah how
do I put like dating two people is that
the option yeah just
