Isis just claimed a major new terror
attack in the Belgian capital of
Brussels to understand why they would do
this you have to look at something that
changed for Isis about a year ago and
pretty far away in the Middle East so
Isis in summer 2014 had a huge sweep
across the region seizing lots of cities
starting in early 2015 the group began
to suffer some real defeats in Syria and
Iraq
plus some major cities started to come
under attack from American airstrikes
and in just a few months it lost quarter
of its territory but this posed more
than just a military threat to Isis it
had always operated on a narrative of
victory and invincibility and it used
that to recruit and motivate fighters
over other jihadist groups and it needs
those fighters to survive the Caliphate
was losing ground so it was losing that
narrative and it needed something new to
keep that going so first they tried to
expand abroad Libya Afghanistan Yemen
those efforts all fizzled in the summer
and fall of 2015
Isis found its solution by launching
mass terror attacks against civilians
abroad and this helped the group portray
itself once again ads on the March but
then Europe faced a big problem and how
to deal with these attacks because the
hard truth is that most of these
attackers aren't foreigners they're not
refugees or migrants they're actually
European Nationals and you can't just
close the border to keep them out if
they're actually from Europe a lot of
them are people who went and joined Isis
or other terrorist group so-called
foreign fighters and now that Isis is
losing territory those fighters are
coming home and they're bringing their
battle-hardened experience and skills
with them these are really hard problems
to solve rooted in socio-economic
problems grievances that go pretty deep
in European society you can't solve this
with bombs or with border clothes
so what now that seems likely that as
Isis keeps losing its territory it's
going to become something like what it
was before when America was fighting the
Iraq war in the mid-2000s not a state
but still an insurgency and a terrorist
group capable of doing terrible damage
abroad
