your wedding day is supposed to be the
happiest day of your life so why do
these people look like they're going to
a funeral but it wasn't just formal
occasions it was teens children and lots
of people with mustaches why didn't
people smile in old pictures the
simplest explanation is exposure time
that's basically how much light a camera
needs to record an image the longer the
shutters open the longer the film is
exposed to light early cameras in film
did take longer so the thinking's that
it was easier to hold a serious
expression than a smile if you were
waiting minutes for your portrait see
this 1838 picture by Louis Daguerre it's
blurry because it probably took 10 to 15
minutes to take all the people
presumably moved during exposure
except for this bootblack and a guy
getting his boots polished you pose for
a normal picture and a blurry one came
out but the problem was fixed rapid
advances in film technology as well as
commercial availability made it easier
to take pictures quickly by the 1870s
bleeding-edge photographers like
Eadweard Muybridge were taking
photographs that could split a second to
understand the real reason old pictures
were so serious you have to understand
what portraits meant to people back then
remember before there were photos
portraits were painted they were
time-consuming long-lasting and
one-of-a-kind that scarcity made the
occasion pretty serious and that
mentality carried over to early
photographs Mark Twain
a professional humorist said near the
turn of the 20th century that there is
nothing more damning to go down to
posterity than a silly foolish smile
caught and fixed forever this is a guy
who wrote stories about jumping frogs
but his viewpoint was typical take for
example the oddly popular practice of
posing dead bodies for lifelike
portraits the photos weren't a snapshot
they were a passage to immortality a
record of one's existence by looking at
the exceptions it's easier to understand
why most portraits were so grim there
are lots of smiling Victorians hiding in
photo collections around the world as
early as 1853 Mary dilwynn captured a
boys smile on camera
Victorians were not constantly miserable
they just usually got serious when they
thought a portrait was being taken as
cameras became more common and
photography improved aesthetics changed
and smiles returned later movies
expanded the possibilities of recording
real-life portraiture broke free from
the technology and aesthetics of
painting they discovered the
possibilities of a new medium people
always knew how to smile they just had
to learn how to show it so one of my
favorite old photographs with somebody
smiling actually comes from an early
1900s anthropological expedition to
China it was taken by Berthold Laufer
and the American Museum of Natural
History has the photo which is
absolutely perfect this photo shows that
the attitudes in old photographs really
were about aesthetics not technology and
if you didn't have an idea of how a
photo should look it could look like
anything and in this case that is
absolutely perfect
