this exploding kitten can explain the
truth about crowdfunding and this one
and this one and this one this is all
part of a game called exploding kittens
if you draw an exploding kitten you blow
up unless you have the right cards some
cards have special abilities like skip
and attack and others are just funny
like the cat or Melanie if you haven't
played it think old maid and strategy
and death it was basically Russian
roulette with a deck of poker carts we
said there's there's gonna be a bomb in
this deck we took the Joker fall on it
that's along Lee
he and Shane small and Matt Inman the
famous artist behind the oatmeal
webcomic made this game and put it up on
Kickstarter expecting to raise ten
thousand bucks and instead broke every
record the Kickstarter had
they raised almost nine million dollars
two hundred nineteen thousand people
joined them giving them more backers
than any other Kickstarter project ever
with exploding kittens they raised
millions of dollars and went on to sell
a ton more copies you can get the game
in Target but when they made a second
game called bears vs. babies they crowd
fund it again even though Kickstarter
has a lot of risks in case you forgot
kick-starting is when you kick down on a
pedal to get your engine going these
guys did not need a kickstart they had
an engine of exploding kittens but they
still went back and gave Kickstarter a
5% feat to return to the platform so why
did the biggest crowd funded game in
history do it all over again
this guy has backed a ton of Kickstarter
projects yeah I I have backed something
like 1950 projects which I believe puts
me at like 15 on the global leaderboard
so that does not make you number one I'm
both happy and sad to say he just
cracked two thousand by the way and some
of those projects are weird there was
recently a project to make a gigantic
sculpture of Christiano Ronaldo made
entirely out of shrimp obviously I had
to back that and it's a real shame you
know Ronaldo really should have pitched
in for that last 40 grand to make it
happen he's made his own projects to
over the next month I'm gonna make a
simple zine of about 12 essays about
alternate NBA universes a world where
Isaiah Thomas is a giant living on in
Gulliver's Island of his own creation my
name is Nancy Strickler and I'm the CEO
and one of the cofounders of Kickstarter
my life before Kickstarter was as a
culture vulture writing about music and
film for a living for almost ten years
and so my entire life has been looking
for the new what's on the Vanguard
what's you know what's on the edges of
things and a Kickstarter is just nothing
but that all that backing isn't just a
hobby it's key to what he thinks is
important about crowdfunding and it's
not the dollar signs
what we were really trying to raise was
a crowd if you look at the exploding
kittens kickstarter page you'll notice a
few things there aren't a lot of options
for money a few tears that's it but
there are a ton of rewards they invent
it without money in mind there is random
as exploding kitten beard cats they made
people do stuff to unlock rewards 10
Batman's in one hot tub what the hell's
that even mean who would who would
possibly do that here's an awesome 3d
printed model that got back in response
in return exploding kittens unlocked
features like a fancy hinged special
edition box that yes me out when backers
opened it they even said help us build
this game because it was part of their
crowdfunding strategy this is not a
store this is the place where you don't
build infomercials win lists community
it's not money but engagement that drew
them back to crowdfunding for their
second game even though there are big
risks we had no idea that the phrase
exploding kittens should ever be trailer
once the game hit day 7 or 8 on
Kickstarter we realized ok we actually
do need to worry about this and so I
called up a trademark lawyer and said
hey this is probably the thing we have
to do now and he said you're too late
someone's already registered it they
registered it yesterday and it is so
heartbreaking crowdfunding allows
competitors to see the future a year
later and many lawyers later and so much
time later we finally have the rights
back because as long as you prove prior
art and prior commerce and all these all
these things but so many people have to
work on that
the popular fidget cube faced a similar
problem they raised millions of dollars
but debuting on Kickstarter forced them
to give up an element of surprise in
Shenzhen there were Chinese copycats of
the fish' cube that hit the market
before the kitchen cube itself did so
that's just that's a whole new universe
of copying a product that does not exist
yet to beat it to market I felt
concerned about that felt badly for
those creators that that happen but I'm
not sure how to stop that and I and I
think that people will appreciate that
did you keep the original and I'm sure
you'll continue to do it the creators of
games like exploding kittens deal with
the risks of crowdfunding and
Kickstarter's 5% fee because it's worth
it for their business we looked at
crowdfunding in general as a possible
way to launch it in every site that we
played around with and kind of even the
people that we talked to you about it
kept looking at the term crowdfunding
and it kept emphasizing the funding part
and when we looked at Kickstarter and we
started talking to the people who worked
at Kickstarter um they really talked us
into shifting that and focusing on the
word crowd instead the funding what will
happen once you gotta do is build the
crowd that bears versus babies game that
the exploding kittens guys took to
Kickstarter they got more than 85,000
people to come back with them exploding
kittens is a beautifully designed box
with well drawn cards and a funny
gimmick
but without a crowd and without people
it's just paper
