so I have this problem when I plug my
laptop charger into an outlet that weird
box between the plug and the part where
it connects to my computer it gets super
hot like I can't even touch it
so I've invited Audrey Quinn from NPR's
Planet Money team to help explain what's
going on with my super hot laptop
charger so Audrey what's the deal yeah
the first thing you have to understand
is that the kind of power that comes out
of your wall is actually different than
the kind of power that your electronics
want it comes out in the form of
alternating current electricity that
means that the electrons are pulsing
back and forth and your electronics want
what's called direct current power
that's where the electrons are flowing
straight like a river so they have to
convert it and when they do that
conversion energy is wasted so what
you're feeling is energy lost in the
form of heat okay
so why can't I just power my laptop with
alternating current if that's coming out
of the wall yeah that works just fine
for things like lightbulbs or a
hairdryer but electronics are a little
more complicated if you were to send
that alternating current power directly
to your laptop probably see a puff of
blue smoke oh god that sounds bad okay
so if DC power is so great and why don't
we just have it in our houses in the
first place so this goes back to the
late 1800s there were two guys who
represented the two different kinds of
power there was Thomas Edison he was all
about DC power and then there's Nikola
Tesla he was your AC guy they're totally
duking it out every time a new building
goes in it's kind of this whoa what's
gonna happen are they gonna use AC or
they're gonna
DC and what happens eventually is that
AC power is much better at traveling
long distances so ultimately the entire
power grid gets set up to spread AC
power but today you have all these
devices we have smartphones we have
electric cars we have tablets we have
computers and all these things are
hungry for this DC power do you think we
could ever switch back and maybe realize
Edison's original dream of DC power in
every home the US has one of the best
most reliable power grids in the world
so people aren't saying let's knock out
this entire grid you could just have one
converter box in your house and that way
you're not converting ASA to DC at the
level of every single device so if we
can reduce the number of conversions
from AC to DC power even a little bit
we're going to save a lot of energy
