how does this circle make you feel do
you want to know what Haley Joel Osment
says in the sixth sense what about this
noise
for many Americans slow internet or no
Internet is still a reality in the
internet speed in Nashville Tennessee
might not be as fast in Nashville Kansas
besides missing stranger things having a
slow connection can mean increased
health risks a limited education or
having less money all of which creates a
divided country because the fact is all
American Internet is not equal in 2015
the FCC defined broadband as internet
with download speeds of at least 25
megabits per second and uploads of at
least 3 that basically means a constant
connection capable of streaming videos
sending messages and transferring data
on multiple devices overall 10 percent
of Americans don't have broadband but
rural areas suffer most 39% of rural
Americans about 23 million people don't
have high-speed Internet this map shows
where broadband is available in areas it
has yet to reach in places where
broadband adoption is higher so is the
number of people who have earned a
college degree fewer people are
unemployed and the rates of poverty are
also lower without fast internet rural
Americans have a difficult time
accessing government services like
Medicare and as education moves online
students struggle to complete
assignments at home in a few rural
districts superintendents have voted
school buses with Wi-Fi and parked them
overnight in neighborhoods where kids
needed to do their homework these
communities would benefit from broadband
so why don't they have it in cities most
broadband is wireline which typically
means it is delivered through fiber
optic cables that have been laid in the
ground laying cables is expensive but
there's an incentive for providers high
population density means hundreds of
people pay to access the same network in
rural areas that's not the case so large
telecoms like AT&T and
guests don't prioritize extending cable
lines if they only reach a few people
but there is an alternative and that's
wireless broadband which is either
beamed from a satellite or relayed from
the nearest fixed wireless point by
antennas in places like Appalachia or
the Rocky Mountains a wireless system
can be an effective way to provide
internet but its quality is not as
reliable as wireline outside of
traditional providers a few tech
companies are trying to create new
wireless options that can be used in
rural areas around the world this video
is from Project Lu alphabets internet
beaming balloon system designed to
connect people in remote areas using
wireless technology like loon Facebook
also has its own wireless project a
solar-powered drone called Aquila which
Mark Zuckerberg hopes will help reach
half the world's population four billion
people who still can access the Internet
and then there's Microsoft which is
focusing on rural broadband here in
America their plan is to send wireless
internet using unlicensed television
frequencies called white spaces while
these companies pursue futuristic
projects that focus on Wireless a prove
an example for providing wireline
connections in the u.s. lies in the
opposite direction the past in 1935
President Roosevelt created the rural
electrification administration or REA to
deliver electricity to rural America
before then most Americans receiving
electricity got it from private
companies but the REA changed that it
loaned federal funding to electric
cooperatives that built power lines
private companies wouldn't within a few
decades most of America was electrified
and now some of those same coops are
providing internet but unlike
electrification which relied almost
entirely on coops there are many models
for deploying broadband for example the
city of Cedar Falls Iowa built its own
municipal network and later used
portion of a federal grant to extend
that network to nearby rural communities
we are seizing the potential of the
internet and other technologies for the
past two decades presidents have been
allocating federal dollars for
high-speed Internet we must bring the
promise of broadband technology to
millions of America's a rural broadband
has been an evolving challenge when you
look at the speeds we're gonna need for
all the apps and the videos and all the
data new software that is constantly
coming on to market we've got to keep
pace we've got to be up to speed
President Obama increased funding and
enabled municipal networks like the one
in Cedar Falls which are prohibited in
other states now President Trump is
calling for even more investment while
also scaling back Obama's policies
standing near a tractor in June
President Trump announced his new
infrastructure plan that is why I will
be including a provision in our
infrastructure proposal one trillion
dollar proposal you'll be seeing it very
shortly to promote and foster enhanced
broadband access for rural America also
the speech to a big applause in Iowa but
Trump's commitment may have been
misleading not only because the proposal
has not arrived yet but less than two
months after his speech the FCC outlined
priorities for the new administration
including a suggestion to set a lower
mobile broadband benchmark of 10
megabits per second that's roughly
equivalent to 4G mobile phone coverage
which most of America already receives
from major providers so if the broadband
benchmark becomes 10 nearly all of
America would be covered in the
government could claim they fulfilled
their promise to increase rural
broadband but in reality all they've
done is redefined what it means to offer
high-speed Internet
it would be a standard sufficient for
social media and other apps but fall
short of the high speed service that can
help schools businesses and rural health
care facilities on an international
scale it would signal that the FCC is
fine with connectivity slower than
mobile speeds in Kenya or Greece both of
which rank higher than the United States
dropping the benchmark lowers the
broadband goal but using electrification
as a funding model could help reach it
where it is expansion is expensive but
history and research show that providing
equal internet for all Americans is
worth it
you
