and for this final one I'm gonna try to
make it a little shorter I know some of
your answer to get back to Iowa I've
been there I'll be shaking hands
afterwards if you want some tips we have
to make college affordable for every
American food stamp recipients did not
cause the financial crisis recklessness
on Wall Street did for the loved ones
we've all lost for the families that we
can still save let's make America the
country that cures cancer once and for
all where they say that we've cut our
imports of foreign oil by nearly 60% and
cut carbon pollution more than any other
country on Earth rather than subsidize
the past we should invest in the future
especially in communities that rely on
fossil fuels 60 years ago when the
Russians beat us into space we didn't
deny Sputnik was up there
we didn't argue about the science or
shrink our research and development
budget we built a space program almost
overnight and 12 years later we were
walking on the moon if anybody still
wants to dispute the science around
climate change and have at it
you will be pretty lonely because you'll
be debating our military most of
America's business leaders the majority
of the American people almost the entire
scientific community and 200 nations
around the world who agree it's a
problem and intend to solve it American
leadership in the 21st century is not a
choice between ignoring the rest of the
world except when we kill terrorists or
occupying and rebuilding whatever
society is unraveling leadership means a
wise application of military power and
rallying the world behind causes that
are right now but as we focus on
destroying ISIL over-the-top claims that
this is World War 3 just play into their
hands masses of fighters on the back of
pickup trucks twisted Souls plotting and
apartments or garages they pose an
enormous danger to civilians they have
to be stopped but they do not threaten
our national existence if we need to
reject any politics any politics that
targets people because of race or
religion when politicians insult Muslims
whether abroad or our fellow citizens
when a mosque is vandalized or a kid is
called names and doesn't make us safer
that's not telling you what telling it
like it is it's just wrong it diminishes
us in the eyes of the world it makes it
harder to achieve our
it betrays who we are as a country it's
one of the few regrets of my presidency
that the rancor and suspicion between
the parties has gotten worse instead of
better I have no doubt a president with
the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt might
have better bridged the divide and I
guarantee I'll keep trying to be better
so long as I hold this office I think
we've got to end the practice of drawing
our congressional districts so that
politicians can pick their voters and
not the other way around a little over a
year from now when I no longer hold this
office I will be right there with you as
a citizen inspired by those voices of
fairness and vision of grit and good
humor and kindness that have helped
America travel so far voices that helped
us see ourselves not first and foremost
as black or white or Asian or Latino not
as gay or straight immigrant or native
born not democrat or republican but as
Americans first bound by a common Creed
