who do we blame for the soul patch most
nearly define the soul patches that
thicket of hair that sits alone beneath
the lower lip it looks like somebody
missed a spot shaving for three and a
half weeks how did this happen and how
did it become the facial hair most
likely to be worn by a member of Smash
Mouth you have to go a lot further back
than the brooding 90s to find out you
have to go back to jazz as early as 1947
Dizzy Gillespie was one of the first
celebrities to shape American soul patch
culture he sowed the seeds with his jazz
dab a tiny beard with a moustache that
came along for the ride but usually his
beard was on its own and it became world
famous because of dizzy and the general
jazz and bebop embrace beatniks hipsters
copied the beard and quickly picked it
up though beatnik beards often had extra
hair like Bob Denver on the 60s it come
Dobie Gillis there were soul patches
without a chin beard too even his
hippies redefined counterculture hair
soul influenced artists like Tom Waits
kept beatnik beards alive in the 70s and
occasionally went full soul patch equal
credit slash blame should also go to the
Blues Brothers whose soul patches were
some of the first to appear in print in
their iconic SNL performance of soul man
may have helped attach soul to the beard
forever yep Ray Charles had a famous one
too in the 90s Soul facial fashion fused
with grunge both in movies with beatnik
style super patches and examples that
were the Platonic ideal of patch a patch
was even a plot point in the Buffy the
Vampire Slayer movie patches were in the
biggest bands - like Pearl Jam computer
enhance enhance soul patch in the late
90s Garth Brooks proved patches had gone
from grunge to emo when he gave his
alter ego Chris gains an ample tough
soul patches weren't soul music but soul
full they claimed the faces of even our
greatest heroes it was probably for a
role is there a deeper meaning to be
found here trends are always changing
soul patches went from the ultra cool
trademark of a joyful genius to a value
now the morale keep your eyes open and
please please have your razor ready
