there's a warehouse in Brooklyn that
feels like stepping into a dream it's an
art exhibit but the only picture frames
you'll see are right here on smartphones
this exhibit is part of a new generation
of pop-up art experiences designed to
look good in person and here on
Instagram
there's the Museum of ice cream the
Museum of selfies the Museum of feelings
others have themes around colors dreams
Pizza eggs candy and Rose a wine basic
admission can run around $40 they often
sell out months in advance these places
might not feel like real museums and
instead more like a trendy fad with ball
bets but right now they're shaping how
we consume art
in these pop-up museums the room and you
are the centerpiece so that's what makes
it Instagram abou is that you are you
are immersed in the actual art this
format interactive art pieces separated
into themed rooms is hot right now but
it isn't new it comes from traditional
museums in the 1960s artists started
using museum rooms to create immersive
three-dimensional artwork designed
specifically for a certain space it was
called installation art suddenly art
wasn't just confined to the walls of a
museum it was immersive and interactive
viewers were part of it you can see
installation arts influence on today's
pop-up museums pretty clearly and just
look at the obliteration room first
developed by Yayoi Kusama for the
Queensland Art Gallery it's a white room
where visitors can place colored
stickers wherever they want the Rose a
mansion and Instagram friendly pop-up
has its own version of that or infinity
room a series of mirrored rooms that
Kusama has been producing since 1965
that has a pretty identical version at
the dream machine pop-up museum
installation art invites the viewer to
participate in creating a piece of art
or to physically see themselves in it
often alongside brightly colored
lighting in simple elegant shapes and
that made for museum experiences that
were inherently photographable pop-ups
figured out that there was a business to
be made out of that photograph ability
even if it wasn't attached to a
well-known artist now the explosive
success of those pop-ups is making
traditional museums rethink how they do
things people who work at museums are
very concerned it changes the nature of
what artwork is most attractive to
consumers and so in order to compete
with the trendy colorful exhibits that
are popping up you have to add some of
those components to the more traditional
exhibits that conversation often starts
here with museum photography policies
many museums have traditionally banned
photography to protect copyright and
light sensitive paintings but now that
museums are becoming more social media
friendly their policies are changing
like the Renwick gallery which started
posting photography
encouraged signs in 2015 it was our way
of saying boldly it's okay you can be
who you are
mediate your experience in museum
however feels right to you it's very
rare that museums are no photos anymore
I mean that change has just been in the
last five years and when museums host
selfie friendly shows they become
blockbusters the exhibit wonder helped
break the Renwick gallery's yearly
attendance record in its first six weeks
2015 summer show the beach at the
National Building Museum brought in
thirty percent of annual attendance in
just two months and when the Hirschorn
held a three month show of kazama's
infinity mirrors the museum increased
its membership by a whopping six
thousand five hundred and sixty six
percent Instagram ability drew in a
crowd that might not have come to
museums otherwise honestly I'm here just
to take pictures you know I saw lots of
pictures on Instagram and that prompted
me my friends to come here but for
museums who still have rules about
taking photos it's hard to keep visitors
from snapping pictures like this 2013
installation in the skylight of the
Guggenheim Museum by James Turrell the
colors and simplicity made it serious
Instagram bait thousands of people
posted photos of it even though the
artist asked that no photos be taken
since they would detract from everyone's
experience that concern is real and
research is starting to prove it just
the act of photo taking itself and
choosing what to capture changes the
nature of your experience and that alone
is is changing how people go through
museums research Barash conducted found
that when museum goers were instructed
to take photos for social media they
enjoyed the experience less having the
intention to post or share photos in
mind while you're taking the photos can
actually remove you from the experience
now both Instagram pop-ups and
traditional museums are facing a tricky
question limit photography and
potentially limit who shows up or allow
it and possibly change the experience at
refinery29 s pop up experience that
means having some rooms where phones are
supposed to be put away
I think it's time you put those
cellphones to bed what do you say how
about we connect with one another at the
end of the day even if social media is a
big part of why so many people show up
people are showing up and if this means
more people engage with art they
wouldn't have paid attention to
otherwise that feels pretty promising
for the future of art thanks for
watching the goods and thank you to our
sponsor American Express Amex has a
credit card feature that gives you
choices for how to make payments big or
small called pay it planet pay it helps
you reduce your balance by making small
payments throughout the month and
planning can help you make payments that
cost $100 or more over time you can
check it out at American Express comm
slash pay it planet and thanks again to
American Express their support
made this series possible
