so tell me what it means to be a
socialist a Democratic Socialist what it
means is that one takes a hard look at
countries around the world who have
success records in fighting and
implementing programs for the middle
class and working families and when you
do that you automatically go to
countries like Denmark Finland Norway
Sweden other countries which have had
labor governments or social democratic
governments and what you find is that in
virtually all of those countries health
care is a right of all people and their
systems are far more cost-effective than
ours college education is virtually free
in all of those countries people retire
with better benefits wages that people
receive are often higher distribution of
wealth and income is much fairer
their public education systems are
generally stronger than ours and why
enlarge their governments tend to
represent the needs of their
middle-class and working families rather
than billionaires and campaign
contributors so when I talk about being
a Democratic Socialist those are the
countries that I am looking at and those
are the ideas that I think we can learn
a lot from so what is the underlying
principle there then when what are the
situations in which you look at a given
area of the economy or given service
people need anything and you say that's
something we should turn over to the
market or that's something we should
possibly bless good question and the
answer is when you take something like
health care now health care in my mind
is a right of all people that's what I
believe I think every man woman and
child is entitled to health care and
that right exists in virtually every
other major industrialized country on
earth we have the odd guys out there
despite the modest gains of the
Affordable Care Act we have 35 million
people who still have no health
insurance and more importantly millions
more are underinsured with high
co-payments and high deductibles are so
I believe that health care should be a
right
I believe in a medicare for all people
and I think that is not an area where
private insurance
companies should be functioning because
once you have private insurance
companies there their goal is to make as
much money as possible not to provide
quality care so in terms of health care
yeah we should have a public health care
system guaranteeing health care to all
people in a cost-effective way
I think a medicare-for-all single-payer
Pro is the way to do it terms of
education I don't know how you have the
United States being competitive in a
global quadri a global economy if we do
not have the best educated workforce in
the world what does that mean it means
that everybody should be able to get all
of the education they need regardless of
the income of their families what does
that mean it means that we should go
back to where we were 50 years ago and
what other countries around the world
are doing Germany many other countries
and say you want to go to college you
have the ability to go to college of the
desire to go to college public colleges
and universities will be tuition free
because education must be a right of all
people so it seems to me that when you
look at basic necessities of life
education health care nutrition are
there must be a guarantee that people
receive what they need in order to live
a dignified life implicit in what you
just said and knowing some of your sort
of policies around this you want to see
the government bargain down health care
prices quite a bit lower than they are
now Americans pay much higher prices let
me interrupt all the answers absolutely
yes so I have a slightly different
question on that though the argument
people make about that is that a
tremendous amount of health care
innovation around the world are other
countries freeloading on the amount of
money Americans pay to induce innovation
and pharmaceutical sector in the medical
device sector do you worry that if we
got to that point we would actually see
a slowdown in health care innovation I
don't a lot of the money in healthcare
research goes into me to drugs
copycat drugs where they will come up
with another drug that really doesn't
substantially increase the kinds of
benefits
um-um that it has on the patient in my
view this issue of high prescription
drugs the high cost of prescription
drugs is a huge issue it's an economic
issue it is a moral
issue and I very much reject what goes
on in this country right now right now
in America uniquely in the among major
countries drug companies can double the
prices for a drug tomorrow for no
particular reason just because they can
make more money we have seen that with
name-brand drugs now we're seeing
increasingly with generic drugs so I
think absolutely that the cost of
prescription drugs should be regulated I
will never forget you know it was a kind
of a moment that one will remember for
my whole life by taking a group of
Vermont women across the border to
Canada where they purchased medicine
they needed for breast cancer 1/10 the
price they were paying in the United
States of America and I also find it
very interesting that many of my friends
were great free traders we want to see
lettuce and tomatoes brought in from
small farms in Mexico no problem with
that I think we cannot import
prescription name-brand prescription
drugs from other countries around the
world that speaks to the power of the
pharmaceutical industry albums
pharmaceutical industry Pharma enormous
ly powerful lobbying forces forcing us
to pay very very high prices in this
country I talk to physicians who work in
working-class communities and they tell
me one-quarter of the prescriptions they
write are not filled that is insane so I
think we need to deal with the cost of
prescription drugs very very differently
that is currently the case something
that is in that answer but also in what
you said about being a Democratic
Socialist is a more international view
but I think if you take global poverty
that's seriously it leads you to
conclusions that in the US are
considered out of political bounds
things like sharply raising the level of
immigration we permit even up to the up
to a level of open borders about sharply
both in border tornado boxes that's a
coke brothers proposal the idea of
course I mean that's a right-wing
proposal which says essentially there is
no United States but if anybody it would
make it a global poor richer wouldn't it
and make everybody in America poor that
you're doing away with with the concept
of a nation-state and I don't think
there's any country in the world which
believes in that
if you believe in a nation state or in a
country called the United States or UK
or Denmark or any other country you have
an obligation in my view to do
everything we can to help poor people
what right-wing people in this country
would love is an open border policy
bring in all kinds of people who work
for two or three dollars an hour that
would be great for them I don't believe
in that I think we have to raise wages
in this country I think we have to do
everything that we can to create the
millions of jobs you know what youth
unemployment in the United States of
America today if you're white a white
kid high school graduates 33 percent a
Hispanic 36% African American 51% you
think we should open the mortise and
bring in a lot of low-wage workers what
do you think maybe we should try to get
jobs for those kids so I think from a
moral responsibility we've got it to
work with the rest of the industrialized
world to uh to address the problems of
international poverty but you don't do
that by making people in this country
even poor so then what are the
responsibilities we have if if that kind
of zero-sum calculation right between
someone who is poor by us standards but
is quite well-off by say Malaysian
standards we down so easily to the
benefit of the person in the US and how
do we think about that responsibility I
guess I'm asking here for I agree you
have a nation-state structure
you always are going to the politics
don't allow anything else but I guess
philosophically the question is how do
you weight it how do you think about
what the foreign aid budget would be how
do you think about your whatever I'll
tell you why I would well first of all
again as a United States Senator from
Vermont my first obligation frankly is
to make certain the kids in my state and
kids all over this country have the
ability to go to college which is why I
am supporting tuition free public
colleges and universities I believe we
should create millions of jobs
rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure
and ask the wealthiest people in this
country to start paying their fair share
of taxes I believe we should raise the
minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an
hour so people in this country are not
living in poverty and I think we ended
this grace of some twenty percent of our
kids living in poverty in America now
how do you do that what you do that is
understand this very huge a
redistribution of wealth in the last
thirty years from the middle class to
the top one-tenth of 1%
the other thing that you understand
globally is you have horrendous
imbalance in terms of wealth in the
world as I mentioned earlier the top one
percent will own more than the bottom
ninety ninety nine percent in a year or
so that's absurd
that takes you to programs like the IMF
and so forth and so on but I think what
we need to be doing as a global economy
is making sure that people in poor
countries have decent paying jobs have
education have health care have
nutrition for their people that is a
moral responsibility but you don't do
that as some would suggest by lowering
the standard of American workers which
has already gone down very significantly
do you think service sector jobs can be
made into high wage jobs not only do I
think like and I know they can if you
look at what the culinary workers have
done in Las Vegas you have people who
are cleaning toilets who are making beds
who are making thirty five forty
thousand dollars a year who have good
health care benefits so the answer is
there's nothing magical I mean what we
have historically seen in this country
until recently by the way that if you
worked in a union Factory in Detroit and
this is changing sadly as part of the
race to the bottom generally speaking
you can make a middle-class wage you may
twenty twenty five bucks an hour
you had good benefits you have a
retirement program and that's being
attacked every single day uh but there's
nothing holy about working in a factory
as opposed to making a bed or cleaning a
toilet so in the case of workers in the
hotel industry we have seen with good
unions they can in fact earn a living
wage and good benefits so is it fair to
say then that your strategy for bringing
back that middle class for improving
those jobs is about increasing union
density absolutely no question about it
how do you do that but you do that by
passing legislation which makes it
easier for workers to join unions right
now it is pretty hot you got million I'm
not telling you every worker wants to
join your union that's not true make a
millions of people who do
but right now employers are able to take
workers put them in a private room
threaten them that if this company
becomes Union we're moving to China or
you try to organize unions well you've
been late lately I'm afraid we have to
fire you so I think we make it easier
there's a this legislation where
I support the employment Free Choice Act
employee Free Choice Act that says if 50
workers in an agency plus one sign a
union card they have a union and I
believe in that so that legislation had
as I remember virtually every Democrat
signed onto it in 2008
Democrats had huge majorities in
Congress in 2009 and it just didn't go
anywhere what makes you optimistic it
can be passed well I think what we need
in this country is to understand they
given the power of corporate America the
billionaire class the big campaign
contributors what takes place in the
United States Congress today has nothing
to do with the reality of the middle
class of working families in this
country it has to do with the power of
big money the only way that real change
is going to take place is when millions
of people get involved in the political
process and tell the United States
Congress and any President of the United
States that you can have to start
working for us and not just for the
wealthiest people in this country and
when that happens huge things occurred
let me give you an example three or four
years ago you and I were chatting and
you were to say well you know minimum
wage seven and a quarter that's pretty
low but no one's talking about it you
know what's happened because of
grassroots organizing not only have
cities and states all over this country
raise the minimum wage because of
grassroots activism what you saw
recently a few weeks ago on a Wall
Street Journal poll by a 10 percent
margin the American people think we
should raise the minimum wage not the
1010 which Republicans opposed but the
15 bucks an hour give you another
example Social Security you have heard
here in Washington virtually every
Republican wants to cut Social Security
right that's their that's their mantra
well we know what the American people
want quoting that same poll by a
three-to-one margin they don't want to
cut Social Security they want to expand
Social Security benefits by lifting the
cap on taxable income so when you
organize that the grassroots level
whether it's gay rights raising the
minimum wage expanding Social Security
that's when change takes place I think a
lot of people would have thought that
the amount of grassroots support
Democrats had in 2008 would have led to
that
effect well why don't you think it did
because the Democrats to a much too
great a degree are separated from
working families and a lot of reasons
why that why that is the case are the
Democrats ten times a hundred times
better on all of the issues than the
Republicans they surely are but I think
it would be hard to imagine that if you
walked out of here and walk down the
street I went a few miles away from here
and you stopped somebody on the street
you said do you think that the
Democratic Party is the party of the
American working class I think people
would look at you and say what are you
thinking about so there was a time I
think on the Roosevelt maybe even under
Truman where it was perceived that
working people were part of the
Democratic Party I think for a variety
of reasons a lot having to do with money
in politics that is no longer the case
in my view that is exactly what should
be happening
instead of spending all of our time
raising money I think we should go out
organizing people and getting them to
around a progressive agenda which
expands the middle class which tells the
billionaire class that they cannot have
it all which says the corporate America
you're gonna have to start paying your
fair share of taxes which says we're
going to raise the minimum wage we are
going to make college available to all
regardless of their income that we are
going to have pay equity for women
workers that we are going to create
millions of jobs rebuilding our
crumbling infrastructure you need a
progressive agenda then you need the
ability to go out and organize people
and when that happens things change here
it's not the other way around in my view
and what does it mean to organize people
well that's a great question in terms of
my campaign on July 29th we will be
holding as I understand that at least
1,000 organizing meetings simultaneously
all over this country involving twenty
or thirty thousand people and what we
will be urging our supporters to go to
do is to go out knock on doors register
the people to vote talk about the
important issues facing our country in a
way that the media very often does not
talk to our Republican friends and
neighbors and ask them why they are
voting for candidates who are prepared
to send their jobs to China to die there
kids the ability to have health care or
get a higher education engage people in
that discussion I often make the joke
although it's not such a joke is that if
we could spend half of the time in this
country talking about why the middle
class is collapsing as opposed to
football or baseball we would
revolutionize what's going on in America
I want that discussion I want to know
why the rich get richer and everybody
else gets poorer I want to know why the
United States is the only major country
on Earth that doesn't provide health
care to all of their people the only
major country that doesn't have family
and medical leave so that women can stay
home with their kids when they have a
baby those are the questions we should
be discussing you talk a lot about the
class outcomes in the American economy
yeah do you another way of cutting a lot
of these issues and it came up when you
talked about youth employment is by race
do you think we need specific issues to
I to address the racial wealth gap the
racial jobs job but I think look
everybody knows that racism has existed
from day one I mean you know think about
what we did the Native Americans what we
did what people who came from Europe did
to the Native Americans the atrocities
committed think about the horrors of
slavery think about what we did to the
Asian folks that came to build the
railroads in the Asian exclusion act
think about discrimination against the
Italians Irish Jews virtually everybody
else it was not like you know the people
who were here and what we're seeing
today is of course some people
developing a wage issue between
native-born Americans and those people
who have come into our country when we
have 51% of african-american kids who
are unemployed when the poverty rates in
the african-american community a far
higher than whites the wealth ownership
much lower than whites of course we have
that gap but what we have got to do is
create economic policies that improve
the lives of all of our people the white
working class is disappearing the middle
class is disappearing it's worse in
Hispanic and african-american
communities we have got to come together
and develop policies
economic policies which improve the
lives of all people but in terms of
prejudice yeah of course that's an extra
issue is there racism in America of
course there is we've seen an explosion
of that recently what what about the
social networks and politicians and what
I'm asking there is that the most
trackable relationship between the rich
and the political class are in donations
are in lobbying expenditures but a lot
of the reason that Democratic
administrations say say have so many
Wall Street members in them is that very
high of politicians end up traveling in
the CEO Wall Street class I'm curious
how you think the actual class of
people's social networks ends up
affecting political outcomes well I
would look at it the answer is you're
right but I would approach it from
another way if I am a regular politician
and I need to raise twenty million
dollars to run to the United States
Senate or 50 million dollars where am I
going to go to do you think I'm going to
go to the American Legion Hall
the governor would trade union halls of
the working-class people especially with
Citizens United this disastrous citizens
united Supreme Court decision candidates
are increasingly dependent on the very
very wealthy so I'm a regular politician
and I'm proud by the way the vast
majority of how money comes from working
people not from the rich but if I'm a
normal politician needs to raise twenty
fifty million dollars where no no I'm
going to sit down with the wealthy I'm
gonna go to the country club I'm going
to do my fundraisers at fancy resorts
and I get to know those people but
that's the whole point of this a corrupt
campaign finance system if you're going
to contribute a million dollars to my
super PAC well maybe it's your a hell of
a nice guy and you like to participate
or maybe you want something I think you
want something and you and I can become
really good buddies so I can do your
bidding in other words the millionaire
class and the billionaire class
increasingly owned the political process
and they own the politicians who go to
them for money and I worry very much I
and I say this from the bottom of my
heart
that we are moving very very quickly
from a democratic society one-person
one-vote
to an oligarchic form of society where
billionaires will be determining who
the elected officials of this country on
I'm going to do everything I can to stop
time when you say you want to see
election to be publicly funded do you
want to cut the ability to privately
fund them the first thing that I want to
do is overturn the citizens united
Supreme Court decision which is a total
disaster free speech does not equal the
ability of people to buy elections and
what I've said is if elected president
of the United States any Supreme Court
nominee I make will make it very clear
that he or she is going to vote to
overturn Citizens United second of all I
think what you want to do is at least
make sure that candidates who are
running are will have as much money as
their opponents who may have unlimited
sums of money thirdly I think there are
various ways I look at I have come out
with a position on a various ways that
you can approach the issue one way which
I find intriguing is that you basically
provide a hundred dollars for every
citizen in the United States of America
and you say to that person is your
hundred bucks you can make a
contribution you can get a hundred
dollar tax credit if you spend $100 on
any candidate you want I think that
would democratize very significantly the
political process of America and take us
a long way away from these super PACs
controlled by billionaires so in our
buying collections I want to make a turn
to foreign policy is there a particular
foreign policy school thought you
ascribe to do you describe yourself as a
realist or a Democratic Socialist what
what is literally those I know what that
be where do you put our trust were all
realists I'm not sure we are I don't
know what the me it word means look
here's what I will tell you the when you
talk about foreign policy you're talking
about many many things but maybe the
most important thing that you're talking
about is what and voting to go to war is
the most difficult decision that any
member of Congress has to make so I'll
tell you a little bit about my foreign
policy history if you like I was elected
in 1992 the house literally within weeks
you remember the
Gulf War when Saddam Hussein invaded
Kuwait and the first Bush was telling us
the only alternative was war the only
way we can get him out he had the whole
world united against the Thom Hussein
and the first President Bush was the
only way we get him out is an invasion
of that region and I voted no that was a
tough vote because most people know you
know believe that we should go to war in
2003 the second Bush told us that Iraq
had weapons of mass destruction that was
absolutely imperative that we invade
Iraq that our soldiers would come home
in six months that we would establish
democracy in Iraq and perhaps the whole
region everything would be wonderful I
didn't believe it and if you check the
speeches that I gave on the floor in the
house sadly enough much of what I said
about what I worried about the
destabilizing impact of that invasion
turned out to be true so to answer your
question I'm not a pacifist and and I
understand that sometimes you do have to
go to war but I think war is the very
very very last option in terms of Iran
which is what we're dealing with right
now I applaud the president and I apply
secretary Kerry for that enormously
difficult work of trying to reach out an
agreement with the p5 plus one and Iran
to try to figure out how we can prevent
Iran from getting a nuclear weapon which
to me is an absolute imperative but you
do it in a way that doesn't go to war
and I get very nervous I get very
nervous listening to many my Republican
colleagues who apparently have learned
nothing from the war in Afghanistan the
war in Iraq and they're ready to go to
war again that's the simple truth I was
the former chairman of the Senate
Veterans Committee most people don't
know that people know that we lost 67
hundred brave men and women in Iraq and
Afghanistan they don't know that 500,000
came home with post-traumatic stress
disorder and traumatic brain injury and
they don't know what's that is done to
those individuals and
their families so before you go to war
you explore every other option that
would be the basic tenet of my foreign
policy if it came down to it do you
think it is worth it for America to go
to war to prevent Iran from getting a
nuclear weapon that's a hypothesis I
support what you're asking me a
hypothetical and I surely applaud what
the president has done to prevent us
from looking at that option but you
won't say if it if that was the choice
whether or not that is not the choice
right now the choice right now is
whether we and I've got to examine this
proposal and we just came out the other
day and I can't tell you I've read every
word of it I have not but what the
president has tried to do is to make it
certain that we have a verifiable
agreement that prevents Iran from
getting a nuclear weapon and I applaud
him very very much and that's where we
are right now and that's I hope after
examining this treaty I hope and expect
that I can be strongly supportive of it
let me ask you they're not a
hypothetical but a retrospective should
America have intervened to stop the
Rwandan genocide yes but it's not just
America this is the damn problem that we
face we are spending more money on the
military than the next nine countries
behind us and all over the world for a
lot of reasons I think we allowed Iran
this issue where is the UK where is
France Germany is the economic
powerhouse in Europe they provide health
care to all of their people they provide
free college education to their kids
well you know what Germany and France
and the UK and Scandinavia and the rest
of your all of us have got to work
together to prevent those types of
genocide and atrocities and we have to
strengthen the United Nations in order
to do that do you view yourself as a
Zionist speaking of Israel Zionist
Zionist what does that mean one of the
fine with the word is do I think Israel
has the right to exist yeah I don't do I
believe that the United States should be
playing an even-handed role in terms of
its dealings with the Palestinian
community in Israel absolutely I do
again I think that you have volatile
regions in the world
Middle East is one of them and the
United States has got to work with other
countries around the world the fight for
Israel's security and existence at the
same time as we fight for a Palestinian
state where the people in that country
can enjoy a decent standard of living
which is certainly not the case right
now my long-term hope is that instead of
pouring so much military aid in Israel
into Egypt we can provide more economic
aid to help improve the standard of
living of the people memory let me ask
you about the economic side of foreign
policy I think one of the the
overwhelming background issues and
sometimes the foreground issue is
whether the rise of the economic rise of
practically China but some degree India
and others necessarily means a
diminishment in American power and sway
do you see it as zero-sum in that way no
I mean I think and by the way I should
also tell you when you talk about
foreign policy but you didn't ask me
which may be as important an issue as
any is the issue of climate change and
if you talk to the CIA and if you talk
to the Department of Defense that I have
but they will tell you is that one of
the great security issues facing this
planet is the fact that as we see more
and more droughts as poor people around
the world are unable to grow the food
they need to survive you're going to see
migrations of people and international
climate and I happen to believe that
when you talk about foreign policy at
the very top of the list is the need for
the United States to lead the world to
work with China work with Russia
work with India in transforming our
energy system away from fossil fuels and
into energy efficiency and sustainable
energy this is not just a quote unquote
environmental issue this is also a
natural a global national security issue
as well do you think the international
capacity and relationships exist to
price carbon in a verifiable way yeah I
know
and we've introduced legislation to do
that look I happen to agree with Pope
Francis and with virtually all of the
scientific community I'm a member of
both the Energy Committee and the
Environmental Committee I listen to what
the scientists are saying not only in
America but
the world and that is climate change is
real it's caused by human activity look
at California it is already causing
devastating problems not only in the
United States look at Pakistan heat
waves it is an international crisis and
I have to tell you without being overtly
political here it is an embarrassment to
me that we have a major political party
called the Republican Party which with
few exceptions refuses to even recognize
the reality of climate change let alone
is prepared to do anything about it that
is an embarrassment that you have a
major party refusing to listen to
science do you believe we need to price
carbon yes would you do it through a
carbon tax or cap-and-trade context when
I've introduced legislation it's the
simple indirect way to do it and I've
introduced legislation with Senator
Buxton to do just that once you're into
cap and trade during the whole kinds of
very complicated stuff folks on Wall
Street who can make all a lot of money
they can call me look we have got to
come up and answer a simple question
I'll decide this right or are they wrong
if they are right they're going to tell
us they are telling us that the planet
Earth will be five to ten degrees warmer
by the end of this century Fahrenheit
that will cause cataclysmic changes in
terms of drought extreme weather
disturbances rising sea levels are
acidification of the ocean international
conflict if they are right I believe
they are right we have got to move in a
very very bold way we have to do it
yesterday and then that goes I think a
little bit to the question of China
India how do you get the other countries
of the world the Prussian countries that
look at us and say well you got all this
economic development you made all these
riches that's run cheap energy they're
telling us we can't how do you get them
to me it's a fair point out and it's a
good question and a fair point let's
understand that climate change the
United States could do everything right
we can transform our energy system
tomorrow there's like only cut back on
carbon and yet if other countries are
producing enormous amounts of carbon the
game is lost it has to be a global
commitment it's not an accident in China
people are wearing these surgical masks
when they walk the streets and they are
water systems are being destroyed they
have major major major environmental
problems and I think with the role that
we can play with our scientific
community is to work with these
countries and talk about a win-win
proposition can in a few years
Soula be actually cheaper then
the more mature forms of energy coal oil
I believe they can win as well what we
have got to start investing in the kinds
of technologies which are useful not
only in America but work with China work
with Russia work with India these
countries need energy there's no
question about it no one's you go to
them say you've got to cut your energy
in half what we should be able to say to
them we're going to work with you to
transform your energy system to make
sure that you have the energy you need
to maintain a strong economy but it is
not in India's advantage
China's Russia's advantage to destroy
this planet nobody gains from that now I
think many of them understand like do
you think that America the way Americans
view China's rising economic development
is accurate or misguided I mean
particularly they're to go back to the
question of whether it is a zero-sum
competition between us for influence I
think what the average American sees is
that for many decades now corporate
America and the the trade agreement with
China permanent normal trade relations
we're trying to accelerate it that what
corporate America said is hey I'm not
going to pay you 20 or 25 bucks at a
factory I don't need you anymore
we're going to shut you a factory down
I'm going to move to China pay people
there a bucket - a now I don't have to
worry about environmental regulate
regulations I don't have to worry about
trade union and I'm going to produce
products there and I'm gonna bring them
back to the United States of America now
is that the full of China no that issue
has to do with the greed of Corporate
America whose sold-out American workers
and essentially move manufacturing to
China and other low-wage countries are
Americans concerned about that are they
concerned when they walk into a
department store and product after
product if the product is not made in
the United States but it's made in China
are they concerned about it yeah they
are so am i as a matter of fact does
that mean that we have to make China
into an enemy absolutely not
what we need is a trade policy in this
country among other things that works
for the American worker rather than the
CEOs of large corporations I voted
against PNTR with China that was the
right vote and if elected president by
the way I will radically transform my
trade policies if I were Chinese so that
would sound very zero-sum to me because
those factories have been
of a tremendous rise in living standards
there well that's great but you know
what at the same time the living
standards of the American people have
gone down as I indicated to you earlier
I am an internationalist I want to see
poor people around the world see their
standard of living increase but you talk
about zero-sum I don't think you have to
do it a lot of people tell me this
oh yes the American worker is gonna have
to become poorer so we could help poor
people in China I don't believe that for
a second I want to see the people in
China live in a democratic society with
a higher standard of living I want to
see that but I don't think that has to
take place at the expense of the
American worker
I don't think decent paying jobs in this
country have got to be lost this company
shut down here and move to China I think
we can work with China I want to see
American workers maintain a strong I
want to see the middle class expand not
shrink I want to see the Chinese people
do as well but I do not want to see the
collapse of the American middle class
take place and I will fight against that
as hot as I can to go to another
continent do you think the euro is a
mistake I can't give you that's a very
good question I can't give you a
definitive answer right now I am
concerned although I will tell you this
what's happening in Greece and I am very
concerned that the Germans have led an
effort to squeeze blood from a stone the
Greek economy has contracted by about 25
percent over the last five years
unemployment is 26 percent youth
unemployment somewhere around 60 percent
and the idea there Germany and the
European banks are pushing more
austerity on the Greek people I think is
not only a terrible economic mistake
it's a political mistake and I'll tell
you why the third largest party in
Greece is a particle Golden Dawn you
know they are their Nazi Party not even
Neos these are real Nazis and if you
remember what happened in 1932 in
Germany when you had hyperinflation when
you had an economy that was in a
terrible depression that's the kind of
climate that Hitler could come to power
in so I think that the European
community has got to work with Greece to
create economic growth deal with
unemployment create an economy so that
they can over a period of years pay back
their debt but you cannot keep squeezing
that country
so our concerns about that let me end on
a question about a policy that is
getting seems to be some momentum but
it's not often talked about in
Washington yet which is a universal
basic income you've begun to have people
go back to both Milton Friedman and
Martin Luther King jr. who said we
should really have a fundamentally
guaranteed standard of living in this
country I am absolutely sympathetic to
that approach I mean that's why I'm
fighting for a $15 an hour minimum wage
why I'm fighting to make sure that
everybody in this country gets the
nutrition they need why I'm fighting to
expand Social Security benefits and not
cut them making sure that every kid in
this country regardless of income can go
to college but that's what a civilized
nation does what a civilized nation does
and here's the point this is the
wealthiest nation in the history of the
world but nobody in America knows it
because their standard of living is
going down and almost all of the new
wealth is going to the top 1% that is an
issue that we have to deal with in the
wealthiest nation in the history of the
world top one-tenth of one percent
should not own almost as much wealth as
the bottom 90% everybody in this country
should in fact have at least a minimum
and dignified standard of living all
right thank you so much thank you very
much really appreciate
