this is a story about a deadly tuna a
paleontologist named Jack sang I like to
study animals that look weird or awesome
a few animals look as weird and awesome
as the saber-tooth cat Smilodon Fatalis
their mouths are their weapons and
that's part of the draw to study them
what were these animals doing there so
we're looking imagine you're in Los
Angeles 30,000 years ago and if you come
across a Smilodon ever probably look
like mountain lion on steroids
and the teeth would not be hitting from
under the fur it would be showing so
it's pretty scary-looking and if you're
close enough to see those features your
father yard are dead these teeth not to
be trifled some could grow nearly a foot
long and oftentimes our surveys is that
statement Sabre has evolved six times in
different lineages at evidence or that
talking and great weapon for carnivores
but just how the saber tooth used its
weapons well that's a matter of hot
debate some people have suggested they
cannot hunt because they look so awkward
but jack says that theory couldn't cut
hot butter they're a scavenger you
probably would not need that extreme of
a tool and another idea is that they
didn't really use them to hunt they just
look sexy with them but most agree that
these mouth daggers have but one purpose
going to stabbing tools or cutting tools
and I you sort of make this surgical cut
on the neck
hopefully severing either a major artery
or or the windpipe
and then they can actually use the back
teeth and cutting teeth to chew out
pieces of the three your blood is
starting to run cold from terror and
revulsion pretty much yeah and people
you know I don't have other people to it
I do in my office I try to ring act
sometimes with different skulls when
nobody's looking
so the cat would prowl very low and
slowly stealthily into the prey and yeah
the last woman it would probably just
hop
and they use its powerful neck
musculature to drive the canines into
the throat
many mysteries remain about these
animals the one Jack and his colleagues
wanted to solve was how long did it take
these Sabres to grow to figure it out
they looked at fossils from the La Brea
Tar Pits in Los Angeles they employed a
combination of technologies CT scans
because CT uses x-ray to blast through
these fossils of Ellensburg and created
3d images of the teeth they also looked
at the chemical composition of the teeth
this tells them about the tooth growth
rate see teeth absorb nutrients as they
grow there is some natural fluctuation
in the composition of elements over the
course of a year that you can actually
see a seasonal cycle and they found
Smilodon sabers grew about 6 millimeters
per month that doesn't sound like a lot
but if you put it into context human
fingernails for example grow at about
three point four millimeters lions their
canines grow half as fast but it still
takes my lid on longer than most modern
big cats to finish growing their
extra-long teeth to grow a seven-inch
saber it will take up to three years
this tells us a little about the life of
baby saber-tooth since they took longer
to grow these weapons it probably would
have been beneficial for the Cubs that
should be following their parents or the
parents too careful it cuts for
at time this is the wonder of modern
paleontology you can start to understand
and even imagine the life of a baby
saber-tooth cub an animal that went
extinct 10,000 years ago just by
studying some ancient teeth yanked out
of a tar pit in LA
