why don't you describe for me as vividly
as you can what it is you're worried
about what it is that the nightmare
scenario looks like fortunately there's
very few things and most of them are
very low probability you know some big
volcanic explosion gigantic earthquake
asteroid but they said the nuclear case
you've got to say we take it quite
seriously we budget a lot of money have
a lot of people who think about nuclear
deterrence and I'm very glad that works
being done and I rate the chance of a
nuclear war in my lifetime is being
fairly low I rate the chance of a
widespread epidemic far worse than Ebola
and my lifetime is well over 50%
if we look at the 20th century and we
look at the death chart of the 20th
century I think everybody would say oh
yeah there must be a spike for World War
one you know sure enough there it is
like 25 million and there must be a big
spike for world war ii and there it is
it's like 65 million but then you'll see
this other spike that is as large as
we're home fleur - right after Wilbur
won and most people a lot of people
would say what what no what was that
there's two kinds of flus there's flus
that spread between humans very
effectively and there's flus that kill
lots of people
and those two properties have only been
combined into a widespread flu once in
history well that is Spanish flu we have
no idea where it came from it's called
the Spanish flu because the Spanish
press was the freest they were the first
to talk openly about it and so in the
annals of epidemic history that's the
big event I funded a disease modeling
group that uses computer simulation and
that work has been phenomenal in helping
us target our polio eradication
resources and you know which parts of
Nigeria should we work harder on and
it's very natural if you have a group
like that to say hey look at something
like the Spanish flu in the modern day
health systems are far better and so you
think hey that wouldn't be very bad well
we tried it and there are some
assumptions we had to make but what we
showed is that the force of infection
because of modern transport which
compared to 1918 is over 50 times as
great and so if you get something like
the flu and you look at that map of how
within days it's basically in all urban
centers of the entire globe that is very
eye-opening that didn't happen with
Spanish flu in the past
the opportunity to do more than just let
it run its course is really only in the
last decade basically when you talk
about for you so you can talk about
small molecules or talk about these
complex biological protein like things
which is a subclass called antibodies
antibodies are the molecules that the
immune system naturally builds to attack
disease today the idea that somebody
says oh here's the antibody make a lot
of it make it very quickly that's right
on the cutting edge and the Ebola
epidemic showed me that we're not ready
for a serious epidemic an epidemic that
would be more infectious and would
spread faster then Ebola did this is the
greatest risk of a huge tragedy this is
the most likely thing by far to kill
over ten million excess people in a year
we don't need to invest nearly what we
do in military preparedness this is
something where less than a billion a
year on Rd medical surveillance standby
personnel
cross-training the military so they can
play a role in terms of all the
logistics here this can be done and we
may not get many more warnings like this
one to to say okay it's a pretty modest
investment to avoid something that
really in terms of the human condition
would be a a gigantic setback
