The Daily Show and The Colbert Report
both responses to the Bush years they
were about this alienation liberals felt
from the country at a mom when FoxNews
seemed the authentic expression of the
American psyche and George W Bush kept
winning elections but then what happened
was it liberals began winning elections
did you guys hear it looks like the Mets
and the Tampa Bay Rays are and they're
in some trade talks oh by the way did
you guys hear about this
the constant crises of Obama's early
presidency gave the shows a lot to work
with at first but as the Obama era
quieted down I think it put The Daily
Show Nikol Airport in a pretty strange
position because Colbert and Stewart
became the voices of the dominant
political coalition punching Fox News
kind of became punching down your
distortions and lack of fact footholds
against mine to start us off here's 50
of yours in a six-second vine their
replacements Trevor Noah at The Daily
Show and Larry Wilmore and Colbert
slaughter are both talented black
comedians they've a real skill for
taking on America's complicated often
really frustrating racial politics
yeah just flew in and boy are my arms
tired okay all right there oldie but a
goodie
very nice that's no no seriously I've
been holding my arms like this since I
got here yeah and so their takeover is a
recognition of one of the lessons of the
Obama era which is if American politics
isn't moving past race it's moving into
it this political scientist at Brown
University a guy named Michael Tesla he
goes and shows how in the 80s and 90s
when you polled racial controversies you
didn't see a big partisan split so the
number of Democrats who agreed with the
OJ verdict was 50% the number of
Republicans was 41% but now you look at
any controversy that has even a hint of
race in it like save the verdict with
Zimmerman right over on Trayvon Martin
68% of Democrats were angry about that
only 20% of Republicans were angry
there is a poll about whether 12 years a
slave should win an Oscar and 53% of
Democrats felt it should and only 15
percent of Republicans agreed that isn't
the kind of thing we've seen the
political parties splitting on the 4
deserts book Obama's race describes an
inconvenient truth about the 2008
election it was the most racialized
election in modern American history
there's been no recent campaign in which
racial attitudes did as much to drive
political behavior and it's continued on
you even have racial differences and how
much people like Obama's dog if you show
people a photo you tell them it's
Obama's dog folks who rank is having a
little bit more racial resentment they
tend to like that dog less and if you
show them the same dog and telmo's Ted
Kennedy's dog America is sort of at the
end of the Obama era working through its
attitudes about race in a way it sort of
hasn't had to for a very very long time
and you're seeing these shows try to
update for that I thought that Barack
Obama was was post-racial yeah he is
we're not
