elite universities love to market
themselves as engines of upward mobility
elite and the gallant area if for
low-income students they do offer
incredibly generous financial aid I
found out that for a family like ours we
wouldn't have to worry about affording
Harvard I'm really grateful because I
wouldn't have been able to get here were
it not for the amazing financial aid
package I received thanks to some new
economic data we can now see just how
good these colleges actually are at
lifting students out of poverty and when
we do the results aren't what you'd
expect a group of economists looked at
two sets of records income tax forms
from the IRS and graduation data from
the Department of Education with all the
identifying information taken out they
looked at ten point eight million people
born between 1980 and 1982 the tax forms
showed how much money their families
make and the researchers placed each
person in a group based on that income
from the bottom 20% whose families made
about $25,000 or less per year to the
top 20% whose families made about
$110,000 or more per year they looked at
where each person went to college and
how their position on the income ladder
changed about ten years after graduation
if you look at kids from the bottom 20%
go to elite colleges like Harvard they
do really well over half of them go from
families in the poorest fifth of the
American economy to being in the top
fifth by the time they're in their
mid-30s the same thing at Stanford Yale
and Princeton the problem is these
schools don't let in very many kids from
the bottom rung of the ladder in the
class of 2013 only 4.5% of Harvard
students came from the bottom 20% of the
income distribution so about a fourth as
many people as you'd expect if Harvard
were representing the American
population testing data show there are
plenty of qualified low-income students
out there they're just not applying to
elite schools many many many more people
were born into privilege and have
wealthy families get to go to these
places then there are colleges with the
opposite problem like Moultrie Technical
College in Georgia thirty-four percent
of their students came from the bottom
rung of the ladder that's really good at
access but a very small fraction of them
make it to the top fifth of the income
distribution but there are some schools
who are good at both Cal State LA
it's a commuter school some rolling a
lot a lot a lot of poor kids 20% of
students come from the bottom rung of
the ladder and half of them end up at
the top rung peace University in New
York which does a little worse on access
ten percent of its students come from
the bottom rung of the ladder but well
over half a button wind up in the top
20% David Lee and hard at the New York
Times refers to them as America's great
working-class colleges and I really like
that saying that they're not the famous
ones they're not the ones that get a lot
of press coverage or get represented in
movies there's no social network about
Cal State LA but they're doing the work
you
