On January 7th masked gunmen attacked
the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris
they killed 12 people and wounded at
least 11 others Charlie Hebdo is a
satirical French weekly publication that
is most known for its biting humor and
more specifically for a string of
cartoons that it has published about
Islam and the Prophet Muhammad this
isn't the first time that Charlie Hebdo
has been attacked but for the editors of
the magazine the offense was the point
they believe that the short term
decision to avoid offense would damage
French secular culture in the longer
term secularism or lazy day as it is
called in France is a very important
part of French culture that's even been
described as a founding myth of the
French Republic and that goes far beyond
that separation of church and state that
we have in the United States the
magazine's cover this week appears to be
a reference to the controversy over
French novelist Michelle Lula Beck's
latest book submission which is about a
Muslim governing the country in
accordance with the rules of
conservative Islam in 2022
the magazine's final tweet before the
attack was a cartoon depicting Isis
leader Abu Bakr al-baghdadi offering
politically correct best wishes for the
holiday season but past covers have been
far more biting in 2011 the magazine
published an article guest edited by
Mohammed after that issue was published
the magazine's office was firebombed and
its website was hacked the attackers
posted a notice on the hacked site that
read you keep abusing Islam's almighty
prophet with disgusting and disgraceful
cartoons using excuses of freedom of
speech be God's curse upon you the next
week it published a cartoon declaring
love stronger than hate showing two men
kissing sharvani a firmly rejected the
idea that the magazine should stay
silent in order to prevent violence
perpetrated by those who sought to
silence it this tells me that we're
right to publish the magazine and we're
right to continue defying Islamists and
make their lives difficult as much as
they do ours what I am saying maybe a
bit pompous but I prefer to die standing
than live on my knees
he told Lomond in 2012 a number of
cartoons have emphasized that the
magazine's chief target was extremism
not Islam itself indeed some of the
magazine's covers suggested that the
Prophet himself would take charlie Abdo
said in the debate in 2010 during the
debate over a controversial new law that
banned French women from wearing
full-faced veils in public Charlie Hebdo
is cover depict in a frolicking naked
woman shouting yes to wearing the burka
on the inside
no person or institution no matter how
venerable was safe from being targeted
by the magazine satire and after French
designer John Galliano was caught
delivering an anti-semitic rant in a
Paris bar Charlie Hebdo suggested that
right-wing politician marine lepen had
become the new model in his studio but
the magazine that withstood so much and
offended so many has finally been
silenced today visitors to the Charlie
Hebdo website find only a single graphic
je suis charlie it reads I am charlie
you
