okay so most rodents can live about five
years small rodents but naked mole-rats
this exotic species from Africa can live
up to 30 years one of the most amazing
thing is that in all the colonies of
naked mole-rats kept in labs around the
world scientists have never once
observed them to develop cancer that's
not true for any other mammal species
over the past few years scientists have
looked into the naked mole rat cells and
petri dishes and started to find all
these interesting mechanisms that might
account for why they can live so long
when they grow cells and petri dishes
most animal cells grow to extremely high
densities but naked mole rat cells
they've observed stopped when they're
relatively far apart this might be
related to the fact that they don't
develop tumors because tumor is an
uncontrollable cell growth that keeps
going when there's no room for it and
even when they dosed the naked mole rat
cells with carcinogens cancer-causing
chemicals there's no tumors there either
so one of the explanations for this
scientists have found might be a
chemical called high L runnin that
builds up in between the naked mole rat
cells so our cells also have high L
Ronan but the naked mole rats version is
five times longer than ours and but when
the researchers use enzymes to cut the
high all Ronan down to a shorter length
then all of a sudden they can see tumors
forming in the naked mole rat cells
another thing that might be involved in
these animals being able to live so long
are these little things inside cells
called ribosomes so ribosomes are what
take the genetic information in your DNA
and translate that into proteins that
allow your body to function allow you to
live um and almost every animal species
has a particular structure to their
ribosomes and has two pieces researchers
have found in naked mole-rats have these
really weird ribosomes with three pieces
one hypothesis is that these strange
ribosomes might be better at accurately
translating DNA into proteins they might
make fewer errors so to test this
researchers and devised this interesting
experiment where they took a gene from a
firefly it's a piece of DNA and this
gene inside the firefly is responsible
for the fluorescence the glow that
fireflies give off but they interfered
with the gene so that it doesn't put
your fluorescence unless the ribosomes
make an error when translating it and
they took this gene they put it in both
mole-rat cells and mouse cells and they
found that the naked mole rat cells only
shown 10% as brightly which means that
the mouse cells made ten times as many
errors on translating the protein
for fair number of diseases the buildup
of inaccurate proteins seems to play a
role in long-term diseases like
Alzheimer's so the fact that they
produce so many fewer inaccurate
proteins might be one of the reasons
that naked mole-rats are able to live
such a long time
