there's this graph that I saw recently
it's the most unsettling graph I've seen
in American politics in a very very very
long time and it's really boring to look
at it's just a nearly straight
horizontal line the line doesn't do
anything interesting at all but what the
graph shows is something somewhat
terrifying that line is showing the
relationship between what the average
voter wants and what they actually get
in a huge study looking at over 2000
surveys of people's policy opinions
whether people were on the left side of
the line which meant they opposed
something happening on the right side
which means they all wanted it happen it
didn't matter
once you controlled for the opinions of
affluent Americans and interest groups
and other lobbying organizations average
people their voice was not heard at all
or at the very least their voice didn't
up hear the matter at all average folks
only get what they want if economic
elites or interest groups also want it
and all this data comes from a time when
these groups were arguably less powerful
in American politics America never sold
itself is it democracy it sold itself as
a representative democracy there is
accountability from voters on to
politicians but politicians a yet time
in office step away from the passions of
the electorate for at least a little
while and new things have a right for
the country and then voters will judge
them on looking out they did a good job
so maybe it's a case that affluent
Americans and interest groups and
politicians just they're always right
and average voters you can just safely
ignore them
but it doesn't look like America's been
run so well we had a massive financial
crisis that through tens of millions and
people out of work because we didn't do
enough to regulate Wall Street we got
into a disastrous war in Iraq we have
median wages and haven't substantially
growin in many many years doesn't seem
that we are so incredibly good at
running this country maybe we need a
little bit more democracy in our
representation
