so what is the Keystone XL pipeline
830,000 barrels of oil again from
Alberta Canada down to refineries on the
Gulf Coast that's what the proposed
Keystone pipeline would do but since the
pipeline crosses the US Canada border
the White House gets a say in the matter
oil companies and the Canadian
government want the pipeline approved
Alberta's tar sands are rich with oil
but companies are having trouble
shipping all that oil to refineries who
can turn to gasoline and usable fuel
building the pipeline would also create
thousands of temporary construction jobs
which may be one reason why the proposal
polls well in the United States
environmentalists on the other hand
quanto Bhama to block the pipeline from
start to finish
tar sands oil produces 17% more carbon
dioxide than regular oil does and
there's an enormous amount of oil up in
the tar sands that means more global
warming bad news better to leave the oil
in the ground Green groups say
President Obama for his part has said
that he won't approve Keystone XL that
has a significant impact on climate
change but a recent State Department
review may have given him some wiggle
room later it argued that the pipeline
might have an insignificant impact
that's because even if it was blocked
most of the oil would just get shipped
by rail anyway Greene groups are
disputing that analysis and the argument
continues
