how does Obamacare change us the
Affordable Care Act is gonna change how
we buy insurance through the exchanges
instead of insure selling it the
companies they're gonna sell it to
individuals and individuals are gonna be
looking for value they want a low
premium low deductibles with a high
quality program and that is gonna force
the insurers to not just take premium
and pay doctors but they actually get
into the business of how care is
provided to make sure people are kept
healthy and not use a lot of unnecessary
services or services that could have
been avoided
similarly providers are gonna come in
and they're gonna say hey I can offer
insurance too and I can take care of the
whole patient and I can do it cheaper
than the insurance company and you're
gonna have this big competition between
providers which are now offering
insurance insurance companies that are
now owning hospitals and doctors and I
think that's gonna make the whole system
more efficient much more of a keep
patients helping a health care system
rather than what we've had is a sick
care system when people say we got a
sick care system not a health care
system well the reason we have a sick
care system is you pay people to take
care of the same if you paid people to
keep people healthy and the way to do
that is to give them a capitated amount
of money you've got to take care of Ezra
Klein and I'm giving you a twenty seven
hundred and fifty three dollars for it
then suddenly if you can care for him at
you know two thousand dollars all the
rest is profit that's gonna be the key
and if he's with you for a long time you
don't just want to stint on care you
just don't want to not do a lot for him
because at some point that's gonna come
back to haunt you I think someone on the
left hearing this conversation would say
these are a lot of good but somewhat
complicated theories of how insurance
can be somewhat defanged and the problem
is having insurers as a middleman at all
and that what we should have done here
with single-payer and that so long as
you have a system in which insures are
there at all you're going to have these
four problematic incentives yeah well
but a single-payer has a same perverse
incentives right Medicare all right
what's their incentive to actually get
it right especially if you don't want to
piss off voters and Medicare is not
necessarily the most nimble agent out
there sometimes it has behaved nimbly
but it hasn't all the time and if you
had all 300 million people in there are
lots of areas we don't know the best way
of either delivering care or paying for
care and we're gonna have to run a
number of experiments over the next four
or five years to get that right doing
that in one organizations who are doing
that with private companies trying some
things out we're gonna come to the
answer much more quickly it seems to me
are you I am actually a little bit
surprised that Obamacare got to seven
million in the exchanges and I'm curious
if you are oh no in December
mid-december
after with all the disasters I made a
bet with a private equity guy in New
York that we would make seven million
and he was like you're crazy what it
tells you as we're really the pent up
demand for affordable health care
insurance in this country huge they
haven't gone without health care
coverage because oh I like going naked
they've gone without it because I can't
afford it now you give them a mechanism
to afford it and they're gonna come out
of the walls if we can get this
you know website and the whole exchange
thing working really well so that
shoppings under 30 minutes the website
behaves like REI or Zappos you know
you're gonna see a lot more people come
out and I think then the CBO projections
for max of 25 million gonna look I mean
I predict in the book that we're gonna
get up to 75 million by the end of the
decade in exchange yeah Wow yeah the
theory of Obamacare the part that I
think people miss they get the sound of
the uninsured part yeah they don't see
as clearly the change the way medicine
is actually possible I think it's fair
to say the theory of it is that you put
these people into the exchanges and this
massive base of customers connected then
to Medicare which is going to begin
adding in different kinds of pain
mechanisms gives government driven
health care systems in America the
leverage to begin changing how hospitals
work medicare deliver care and then how
private insurers end up actually acting
with consumers I would put it a little
differently okay what the exchange does
is change insurance from a b2b business
the business to a business to consumer
situation and we know one thing about
consumers really really well
price mainly premium but premium with
deductible and co-pays are what they are
shopping on they're willing to not go to
the big brand name to get a lower
premium deductible combination that
downward price pressure is going to
translate into initially lower prices so
hospitals gonna have to take lower
prices Doc's gonna have to take lower
prices and then there's only so much of
that you can do and then the next stage
is you got to have to transform your
care to lower prices and you know we've
seen in the marketplace the best places
that really have transformed their care
have really focused on keeping people
healthy keep them out of the hospital
those place can cut about 20 percent off
the cost that is a lot of money and so I
think that's the wave that's how I think
Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act is
really going to transform the system and
that that's why I think having a large
number of people in exchanges is really
the key because of their buying power is
gonna translate into the insurers and
then the delivery system saying you know
to make to keep the cost down here and
make money and have people in we needed
to really transform how we deliver care
and we talked an enormous amount about
cost and in the political world yes and
I actually think that's a a mistaken
frame right that value is what matters
here if health care cost exactly as much
but it made people live twice as long I
would not be concerned at all about
costs right now right do what degree do
you think that the other piece of the
value proposition is going to change
which is to say to what degree do you
think Obama care what's happening these
markets will actually change the quality
of the care we get the likelihood that
if I go to the hospital I make it out in
good shape right so first of all I'm not
sure I completely agree with you at
least personally that it's only value I
actually do care about the absolute cost
and I care about the absolute cost
mostly because of the deficit long-term
deficit of the federal government you
know that is health care costs not value
at state government levels its Medicaid
crowding out primary education Medicaid
crowding out support for the State
University system so I am concerned
about the cost and it's not just the
value but to get to the second part of
your question which is about can we
improve quality the first thing I would
say is in the Affordable Care Act we had
a number of incentives to change quality
one of the things I'm proud of that has
gotten hardly any attention is the
partnership for patients so in 2010 Don
Berwick and a bunch of us in the White
House helped design a program to work
with hospitals to reduce their infection
rate to reduce their elective cesarean
section rate to reduce Falls and other
things and you know recently of 3-year
evaluation remarkable success of central
line infections down 40% if you're on a
respirator down 50% early elective
c-sections down 50% falls down I think
11 or 12 percent
big success not turn the corner not you
know we're done
but improvement and the last thing I
would say is that part of the secret
at least of most places that have been
able to really reduce cost is to focus
on the chronically ill but ten percent
who used most of the money and keeping
them healthy that's a big quality
improvement and that I think is gonna
have to be the focus for the next six
seven eight years until we get that
exactly right
and
the White House feels no they actually
had seven million I think they feel
fantastic
I'm just a little worried that they
might think well you know success we got
the gold medal we can go home now
the problem with medicine is there's no
going home there's no final gold medal
there's no resting point it's a three
trillion dollar industry it's very
dynamic and you're constantly have to
change so you know the website has to be
upgraded substantially before open
enrollment starts in the fall because
you have to get it to be much more
user-friendly you have to get the
shopping experience down under thirty
minutes you have to get better products
out there you know they've been so
concerned just about the website and
getting the mechanics right that I think
running it is a real startup that gets
the customer experience really optimal
is something that they really need to
shift their focus to
