many of those people were there to
protest the taking down of the statue of
Robert Ely so this week it's robert e
lee i noticed that stonewall jackson's
coming down i wonder is it George
Washington next week and is it Thomas
Jefferson the week after you know you
all you really do have to ask yourself
where does it stop the Confederate
monuments president Trump mentions are
more than innocent markers of American
history many exist to celebrate the
Confederate cause to preserve the rights
of whites over minorities these
monuments can be traced back to the
Civil War but most of the sites and
symbols were actually created during
periods of racial conflict long after
the Civil War the Southern Poverty Law
Center compiled at least one thousand
five hundred and three Confederate
symbols in public space each dot on this
timeline represents a monument a symbol
or an icon
some represent statues others are names
of schools parks or military bases the
chart starts with the Civil War when the
monuments first show up then in 1866
there's a rise that coincides with the
formation of the Ku Klux Klan but the
chart reveals a significant rise in the
creation of these monuments in two
periods the first is in the early 1900s
when ex-confederate states in the south
enacted Jim Crow laws the response from
this period is clear
the n-double-a-cp was founded during
this peak and the spike continues to the
1920s which were marked by the
re-emergence of the KKK the next cluster
of Confederate monuments were built in
the 1950s and 60s construction of the
symbols spiked in 1965 the 100th year
anniversary of the end of the Civil War
during this modern civil rights movement
until 1970 it became more common for
schools to be named after Confederate
proponents and it didn't stop there
a movement to erase these symbols of
Confederate ideology has recently
surfaced across the country these
statutes are not just stone and metal
they're not just innocent remembrances
of a benign history these monuments
celebrate a fictional sanitized
Confederacy ignoring the death ignoring
the enslavement ignoring the terror that
it actually stood for critics of that
movement equate these monuments with
southern pride white heritage and
culture but the fact that a vast
majority of the monuments were
constructed during racial conflict
reveals the opposite they honor the
Confederacy and the racism that it stood
for
