Marketing is everywhere screaming for
your attention in life support for today
explain this and in your headphones but
while traditional marketing assaults
your eyes and ears there's another
industry quietly fighting for your
attention and they're doing it through
your nose so scent marketing is the idea
of using scent and incorporating to all
the touch points of the customer
experience
it's very subconscious so it's not like
a logo or something where you can see
and everybody sees it the same way
depending on people's experiences and
their upbringing and their history they
might receive the scent to be a little
bit different it's more emotional
chances are you've already experienced
scent marketing and you know it can have
a profound impact on your mind research
has found that combining scent with
visual marketing strengthens our memory
of it in the long term which can
effectively feel in a very physical way
for example in ambient coffee scent can
emulate a feeling of alertness even if
you haven't had any coffee and since
that we commonly attribute to
cleanliness like lemon or tangerine
could make a messy store seem cleaner
various research over the years also
found that shoppers and sunset
environments may linger longer perceive
the merchandise is better and are more
willing to pay higher prices and when
casinos started pumping smells into the
air to negate the stench of cigarettes
they saw a slot machine usage to double
people are actually more comfortable
they feel warm they feel invited they
feel welcomed so it's really about
creating an amazing experience for
customers when they walk in using scent
to enhance an experience is actually
pretty common for example museums have
you sent scaping to intensify their
exhibits like adding the smell of
gunpowder to a civil war exhibit and
hospitals use scent scaping to create a
more soothing environment for patients
but scent marketing is a bit more
complicated set marketing scent branding
is about using one scent for the whole
experience if you're a millennial the
first thing coming to mind might be
Abercrombie & Fitch or Hollister these
stores use the most extreme form of
scent marketing called billboards
sending every store smells the same
regardless of where you are and chances
are it's really overpowering like an
oversized billboard but
you separate that son from the story you
can start to understand exactly what
they want you to feel a smell very
masculine male clothing store sexy manly
smell Ignace kind of really makes me
feel intimate believe it or not to an ex
person I had it smells like an
Abercrombie model you know you see the
scent matches the visual branding and
there's a careful process behind that so
we have to learn a lot about the brand
the history what sets them apart is an
immense pile women spa is in the country
club is it in a luxury hotel who their
target demographic is so the people that
are coming in and then it's really about
understanding their aspirational
attributes and then capturing those all
of these those adjectives and turning
them into asset in most cases the scent
is carefully diffusive the store
sometimes through standalone systems and
sometimes directly through the HVAC
systems it's a delicate process designed
to release just a hint of aroma into the
air because in general overpowering
people with an aroma isn't a good thing
this is why with most places you won't
even realize as a particular scent
unless of course it's completely at a
place in the same way that scent
marketing can generate a positive
experience when the aroma doesn't match
the demographic location or brand
identity the public reaction is often
negative in 2006 got milk ads dispersed
at bus stops in San Francisco were
equipped with cookie scented strips
while chocolate chip cookies smell
delicious placing that set at a bus stop
completely backfired and the company
pulled the scent marketing one day after
releasing it then in 2008 Starbucks had
to put the sale of breakfast sandwiches
on hold the sandwich smell was competing
with the coffee aroma ruining the
ambience think about that if a coffee
shop doesn't smell like coffee would you
still start your morning there
once you start to be conscious of it
you'll notice that it's everywhere when
you walk into certain banks when you
work and walk into certain malls when
you work walk into stores all types of
businesses are using it and if it's
working properly cent marketing is
helping to create a positive experience
for both the business and the customer
the reason why people stay longer in a
store is because it's a better
experience so they're happier with maybe
their mood is lifted and who doesn't
want to have their move lifted and be
happier hey thanks for watching the
goods and thanks to respond sir American
Express Amex has a credit card feature
that gives you choices for how to make
payments big or small called pay it
planet pay it helps you reduce your
balance by making small payments
throughout the month and planet can help
you split purchases over $100 up over
time you can check it out at American
Express comm slash pay it planet and
thanks again to American express their
support made this series possible
