this road might not look like anything
especial but what if I showed you the
same road a few years earlier and notice
anything different here's a better angle
event the old road has four lanes for
traffic the new one has two and now
there's this middle lane for left-hand
turns
there's also a new bike lane this is
what transportation planners call a road
diet and it's a very popular way to make
the roads safer over the course of the
20th century four-lane roads became an
American institution it all started with
the release of Ford's Model T in 1908 a
few decades later there was one car for
every two households in the States and
by the 1960s many roads became so busy
the traffic engineers had to figure out
how to add capacity so they added lanes
a lot of payment was getting put on the
ground even where maybe the population
and the traffic volumes weren't so high
that really we needed that pavement but
we wanted that page sometimes you know
your eyes are bigger than your stomach
fast forward to the present day and
we're left with some overbuilt roads
that are pretty unsafe and crash
reduction is a major benefit that
planners can achieve with just a bit of
paint four-lane roads have quite a few
conflict points those are places where
accidents could happen
these are emerging accidents left turn
lane crashes and rear ends now look at
what a three lane reconfiguration does
there are far fewer crash points a road
diet can also make left-hand turns suck
way less the shared middle lane takes
left turn is out of the traffic flow so
they won't hold up drivers who want to
continue through and now left Turner's
will only have to cross one lane of
traffic instead of two which will
eliminate broadside acts
and the benefits don't end there by
slimming each lane in the road the road
diet can reduce travel speeds by around
seven miles an hour narrower lanes can
cause that psychological impact on the
driver to float a little bit the Federal
Highway Administration notes that
smaller lanes reduce striving speeds and
while a six mile an hour difference may
seem modest it can make an auto accident
much less deadly narrower lanes also
leave more space for expanded sidewalks
or bike lanes your pedestrians feel
safer it might give you more green space
to separate them from your vehicle and
your bicyclists might have a dedicated
space to ride in the midst of these
changes the amount of traffic lane is
gone from two to one
so if you drive a car you might assume
that the trade-off of a road diet would
be congestion how could traffic not
increase that's usually their concern
before a road diet is implemented as not
what happens the volume of the roadway
is still sustained we wouldn't want to
put a four three lane conversion on a
piece of roadway that would then push
half your traffic somewhere else and
what we found in in a couple of places
is that it actually makes moving through
town easier but traffic flow is only one
part of the equation you've got to also
balance commercial and safety benefits
too especially if this is through an
urban corridor where you've got
businesses you've got a coffee shop it
works like huge people moving it doesn't
take traffic away from that corridor and
it reduces those those rear ends that
then do stop the road so the state of
Iowa is conducting a new road survey
because it's worked really well for them
a study of fifteen streets in the state
saw a crash reduction rate of nearly 50%
at the same time the diet didn't
substantially disrupt other activities
along the quarters
a key factor was the traffic volume
measured by engineers as annual average
daily traffic most Road diets will run
into problems as you approach that
15,000 vehicle number in Iowa
many roads don't get that much traffic
the same could not be said for the
suburban context in California a study
comparing Road diets in Iowa to
corridors in California showed that
California streets averaged about double
the amount of daily traffic the same
kinds of Road diets resulted in a much
lower crash reduction rate in California
significantly lower than the reductions
in Iowa this is not to say that the road
diets in California are an outright
failure it's just a difference of
context for the road diet and the
success of a road diet is driven by so
many other factors economic impact
land-use or level of service to name a
few so the case for ou diets is pretty
clear they do slow down streets and they
do reduce crashes but whether or not
that's worth the trouble depends very
much on the context of the world that
surrounds the road
