so recently President Trump made an odd
comment about the presidential pardon
the parties are a very positive thing
for a president I think you see the way
I'm using them and yes I do have an
absolute right to pardon myself but I'll
never have to do it because I didn't do
anything wrong as bizarre as that may
sound
Trump isn't entirely wrong since taking
office Donald Trump is part in five
people
the act of pardoning criminals doesn't
create many political allies so
presidents usually wait until later in
their term to issue pardons the past two
presidents only began granting pardons
late in their second year Trump on the
other hand has already begun to exercise
his pardon power and with several people
close to the president being
investigated by the special counsel
Trump's pardon power might come in handy
some argue that by issuing pardons this
early in his presidency Trump is sending
a signal that he is willing to bail out
any of his political allies who might be
targeted in the future by the Russia
investigation so what does the US
Constitution have to say about the
president's power to pardon cannot use
the power to avoid impeachment but as
with most powers bestowed by the US
Constitution the presidential pardon
comes with checks and balances
separation of powers is that no one
should be a judge in his own cause so we
have a system of the separation of
powers and that separation of powers is
one of checks and balances the first
possible check to Trump's pardoning
power could come through the judicial
branch when presidents take office
they're bound by the Constitution to
take the oath of office and in that oath
they make a promise to faithfully
execute the office of President of the
United States the office of president of
the United States that language of
faithful execution the idea is that
this language migrated from private law
documents that limited trustees limited
corporate executives that they couldn't
embezzle right they couldn't self deal
they couldn't use their powers to
benefit themselves to the detriment of
others a future prosecutor could go and
win to course Trump would walk in and
say look I signed the pardon in familiar
with the papers that say look look at my
signature the way he always does and the
judge says sorry that piece of paper is
not legally valid because it violated
the the part of the Constitution that
requires faithful execution the next
check to Trump's pardoning power could
come from the legislative branch from
Congress there's a clause in the
Constitution that basically says
Congress has the power to make laws to
ensure that the Constitution is followed
by all branches of the government so the
argument is that if Congress has the
ability to regulate the means they
cannot take away the pardon power but
they may be able if it's necessary and
proper to limit for example corrupt
pardons or illegal pardons that would
otherwise be unconstitutional for
example it's possible let's say the
president pardoned everyone who was
white because for racist reasons for
example that would clearly violate the
Constitution there's almost no way to
get that into court whom the only
response here can actually come from
Congress
the most obvious check to Trump's
pardoning power though is one that
Trump's own legal team has publicly
recognized the president of the United
States pardoning himself would just be
unthinkable and it would it would it
would lead to probably an immediate
impeachment Trumpkin pardoned whoever he
wants even if that means shielding his
political allies from the Muller
investigation and even plausibly himself
but he would almost certainly face
impeachment hearings in Congress for
doing so and as the Constitution makes
clear that pardoning power cannot be
used to shield from impeachment so in
some ways voters themselves serve as a
powerful check against the president's
pardoning power but of course this all
depends on Congress's willingness to
move forward with impeachment should the
need arise elections are a crucial check
because all of the departments are the
people's servants ultimately I think
it's a tremendous political mistake
myself for him to have urge that he has
the absolute power because no one in
America thinks we have a monarch whether
you love Donald Rock or not
