when I show you what I'm holding some of
you might see a simple cartoon some of
you might see a complex piece of
engineering you'd both be right
meet Genesis the first crypto Kitty
she's not alone
all of a sudden crypto kitties are
everywhere crypto kitties crypto kitties
the viral blockchain based gain that
sparked a global craze or a virtual cat
it's a picture of a cat and apparently
somebody bought one for a hundred
thousand dollars you've probably heard
of crypto currencies but these are
crypto collectibles they're like digital
beanie babies or baseball cards it
sounds silly but crypto kitties is
testing a profound idea can a digital
good be rare every 15 minutes the
company axiom Zen releases a new crypto
kitty that only one person can buy and
they'll do that until November 2018 when
they're capping these generation zero
kitties at 50,000 but there are already
more crypto kitties than that because
unlike baseball cards you can breed them
with new combinations or even new traits
entirely that's lame LaFrance and beater
surely they both helped found crypto
kitties in November 2017 and they've
convinced a loyal group of users to
spend more than 23 million buying and
breeding these digital cats in just a
few months a whole community of
third-party sites and services formed
around crypto kitties
anyone you can do youngest first
cheapest first see like 10 bucks and as
I mouse over this is a plugin I found we
are trying to find new ways to play with
these kitties outside of the main game
so we're starting with contests faces so
unbelievably the traits that made derp
face the ugliest crypto kitty even
though I mean I think he's adorable are
baked into his code see this is what
derp face and Genesis both really look
like the genes in their code define
their physical appearance on 12 features
based on a template by a human designer
they called those features like us these
cats can also carry traits in their code
that only show up in their offspring but
the genetic algorithm that drives crypto
kitty reproduction that's kept secret
when the cats and people spend a lot of
money on the chance to get their dream
cat price depends on the generation
number and on what traits are in high
demand in other words popular crypto
kitties earn high prices the way
collectibles always have scarcity and
what's so interesting about this is that
digital scarcity is brand-new if you
have a thing only you could have that
thing but that completely changes when
Goods become digital and accessible
online
I think the sort of reckoning we had was
how do we live in a world where
everything can be coffee infinitely and
you know and and what's gonna happen in
the music industry what's gonna happen
to the news and entertainment industries
and we've seen that all play out but
crypto kitties can be scarce because of
the technology they're built on they're
using a blockchain specifically the
etherium blockchain so you have to buy
them with ether but you might also be
familiar with the original Bitcoin a
blockchain provides a decentralized
system for recording transactions making
fraud and piracy a lot harder I see when
a kitty is born and it's beautiful and I
love it
there's something very special about
knowing that it belongs to me and no one
else and no one can take it but the
truth is it's not all yours
you own the code for that cat but not
the actual image that you actually
anyway that's not so different from a
baseball card if you have say tops
baseball card and it has a player's name
on it and Barry Bonds and the picture of
Barry Bonds on it you own the physical
object but you don't own the copyright
only the physical object doesn't give
you the right to print up other cards
but it does give you the right to trade
your card to someone else or to sell it
to a collector
but for crypto kitties so they decide
they change the artwork or they sell the
company to someone who wants to pull off
the up work offline and use it only in
their new crypto Katie's movie series
they could do that and you'd be left
just with this string of letters and
numbers on the blockchain with no art
attached to it at all so I think that's
a fundamental difference between real
world collectibles where you have the
object and they can't take it away from
you and digital collectible we really
really really wanted to put art in the
blockchain because our users I think
most of them conceptually you know that
what they own is sort of some numbers in
a blockchain
but what you think you think of as a
picture of the little guy with the funny
eyes and unfortunately the decentralized
systems are just not mature enough to
support aren't in a robust way crypto
kitties are cute and complicated and
they show that we still have a ways to
go until we can really keep a digital
collectible like we can a baseball card
when I was doing research for this video
I became super interested in what makes
crypto kitty is a game if that's the
sort of thing you're interested in you
should really check out the Verge's
youtube channel one of my favorites is
on the way that medicine is using games
to improve cognition so go check them
out
