presidents give hundreds of speeches but
for better or worse we tend to remember
a few one-liners there you go again
I did not have sexual relations with
that woman
major combat operations in Iraq have
ended you know if I had a son he'd look
like Trayvon for President George HW
Bush it's read my lips and the thing
about that line is it's about so much
more than taxes it's about the battle
for the soul of the Republican Party a
battle that Bush lost and a battle whose
repercussions were still living with
voice tonight accepting the nomination
for president of the United States
portraying himself during the course of
his speech that the guy next door with
your values of hard work family
sensitive about greed sensitive about
the homeless
sensitive about the need to be better
for women economically but
tough-on-crime
for guns
against taxes for the environment
he was presiding over a split party
George Bush represented one wing of the
party which was this sort of northeast
patrician some call it country club
Republican party these Republicans were
wealthy educated at prestigious
universities and often fairly moderate
when it came to economic issues like
budgets and taxes and on social issues
like abortion and gay rights that had
certain characteristics that were very
different from the Reagan wing spurred
by the anti-war movement the
legalization of abortion and the civil
rights movement groups with more
conservative beliefs on race gender and
culture rallied behind Reagan all of
these come together in a new coalition
called the Reagan coalition George Bush
isn't the one who pulled them together
George Bush was considered a counterfeit
conservative by many recognize they
didn't trust him quite frankly Bush
tried to seem less elite less Country
Club used to talk about how much he
liked eating pork rinds he needed to
push a little bit to be culturally
acceptable it wasn't just the cultural
stuff Bush's type of economic
conservatism differed from his
predecessor as well while Bush focused
on pragmatism balancing budgets without
increases to spending Reagan had a
different plan it was called supply-side
economics that you could slash the
amount of money that the federal
government got in tax revenue while at
the same time spending more money on on
the military this appealed to a larger
base of middle-class voters and small
and big business owners and it was a
great idea in theory what did it just
didn't work out that way indeed the
United States started getting these huge
budget deficits what was George was
supposed to do he never believed in
Ronald Reagan's approach to economics
who do economic policy it's has been
gonna work Reagan's trickle-down
economics meant Bush inherited a massive
budget deficit from Reagan which is why
even though he said read my lips no new
taxes he had no other alternatives the
handwriting is on the wall for George HW
Bush as president
the United States he realizes that he is
not going to be able to keep that no new
taxes pledge I did it because I thought
it was right and I made a mistake
he recognized he had to put country over
party Democrats controlled the House and
Senate so Bush teamed up with them to
pass a bill to fix the deficit by
raising the top tax rate on the wealthy
he had very little support on his own
side of the political aisle his
willingness to create a gentler kinder
nation did not sit well with right-wing
Republicans Bush's presidency was
characterized by his ability to build
bridges and make bipartisan deals
passing the landmark 1990 Americans with
Disabilities Act let the shameful wall
of exclusion finally come tumbling down
which the New York Times called the most
sweeping anti-discrimination bill since
the civil rights act after the Exxon
Valdez oil spill off the coast of Alaska
he built another bipartisan coalition to
strengthen the Clean Air Act and he
signed into law an immigration bill that
kept families together and let more
people into the country immigration is
not just a link to America's past it's
also a bridge to America's future
abroad he earned the trust of Soviet
premier Mikhail Gorbachev and got him to
accept a unified Germany over a million
people here celebrating a day that they
never thought would come the day in
which Germany became one country
understood diplomacy he understood that
in order to connect with people who
represent other countries you have to
put yourself in their shoes but his
successes abroad didn't quell cultural
and economic discontent stateside news
decision 92 election night these
politicians who put themselves out work
so hard and then are crushed effectively
and we respect the majesty of the
democratic system the president of
it states is bipolar a today Robert
Russell Bush's lost led Reaganites to
abandon a moderate bipartisan approach
to politics and the Republican Party has
moved further to the right ever since
they see 92 they see the collapse of the
Bush presidency and they know that this
is the time for them to make their move
you see that the house going more and
more to the right political scientists
actually measure this they take
individual members of Congress look at
all of the bills that they vote yes and
no for and assign them a score based on
those votes they get one score for their
votes on economic stuff and another for
their votes on social issues do this for
every member and you get a kind of
ideological map of Congress and that map
has been changing since before Bush lost
the presidency if you look at the
average ideology scores for both parties
over time Republicans in the House have
been getting more conservative more
quickly than their Democratic peers have
shifted left it's true for presidents to
from Eisenhower to george w bush the
ideology scores for republicans get
increasingly conservative while
democrats scores stay roughly consistent
over time I think George HW Bush becomes
an inflection point for not only the
presidency the generational movements
the last World War two greatest
generation president but also they may
be the last Republicans of that
country-club
Northeast republicanism in an interview
with journalist mark Updegrove Bush
confirmed that he voted for Hillary
Clinton in 2016 his party had become so
unrecognizable in his lifetime the
former president voted for the wife of
the man who had beat him 24 years
earlier
you
you
