in 1954 Anna Hodges was saved by a
meteorite 12:45 and this comes through
the roof but Hitchin
she was napping when the rock crashed
through her ceiling and bounced off the
radio into her stomach because it was
small her injuries were minor but much
bigger objects have collided with earth
65 million years ago a rock 10
kilometers wide slammed into the Gulf of
Mexico an event that likely caused
dinosaurs to go extinct elsewhere
mammoth meteorites have been discovered
everywhere from the u.s. to Russia and
blasted craters in North America
Australia and Africa falling objects
from the sky have always fascinated
humans but they have also made us
fearful making us wonder whether someday
a giant asteroid could come for us in
movies like Deep Impact and Armageddon
those fears are played out reached in
heroes save the day you might think this
only happens in Hollywood but that's not
exactly true there is a small chance a
really really small chance of a large
asteroid hitting Earth so scientists are
getting ready just in case
asteroids are hunks of rock that weren't
big enough to become planets when the
solar system formed smaller asteroids
are called meteoroids and when they fall
through Earth's atmosphere they become
meteors if they make it to the surface
they're called meteorites between 1988
and 2017 NASA counted over 700 fireballs
created by objects entering our
atmosphere in order to detect asteroids
NASA takes multiple pictures of the
night sky and uses computers to scan for
moving objects as Earth orbits
scientists make several observations
from different locations to detect how
close the asteroids are to Earth here
the nearest objects are labeled in green
at least 16,000 of them have been
classified as near-earth meaning they
orbit within roughly a third of the
distance from the Sun and based on the
object speed and brightness scientists
can map a trajectory to predict whether
it will collide with earth the impact
energy of a 10-meter object just a
little smaller than a school bus would
be 100 kilotons but the larger the
object the nastier the impact a
meteorite just a little larger than the
Great Pyramid at Giza at about 150
meters would generate 288 megatons of
energy for reference the number of
megatons in the payload of the Castle
Bravo hydrogen bomb was only 15 but
asteroids don't need a hit earth to
cause damage in 2013 a 17 meter wide
meteor exploded over Chelyabinsk Russia
before it ever reached the ground in the
resulting shockwave released about 440
kilotons of energy that damaged
structures and injured over 1500 people
following that event in Russia u.s.
politicians called on NASA to ask about
the threat of future collisions if we
saw one coming toward Omaha what could
they do about it and I said they could
use a laser first of all it would not be
practical to have a laser powerful
enough to split
and half their questions sounded like
plot lines for a new blockbuster but
their ideas we're not actually that far
off how far inland could a you know a
reasonably sized asteroid make water
come in scientists have analyzed how
asteroid impacts would kill people and
getting hit by the ejecta meaning space
rock and other debris it kicks up is one
of the least likely ways to die the most
lethal cause is violent wind generated
by the impact blast followed by
scorching heat in massive tsunamis the
odds of a near Earth object strike
causing massive casualties and
destruction of infrastructure are very
small but the potential consequences are
so large that it makes sense
to take the risk seriously Norma gettin
annihilation is avoided by nuking the
killer asteroid but in real life our
ability to prevent impact depends on how
big it is and when we detected
a 140 meter wide space rock is large
enough to destroy a city and if it were
on a path to collide with earth in less
than a year the only thing to do would
be evacuating attack zone but if we are
lucky enough to spawn an asteroid 7 to
10 years out NASA would have enough time
to try deflecting the object which they
could do a number of ways first NASA
could launch a spacecraft to act as a
battering ram and if the asteroid is far
enough out it would only need to be
pushed a few centimeters off course to
avoid hitting earth right now NASA's in
the early stages of Dart
the double asteroid redirection test
which will try out this approach by
trying it on a non-threatening asteroid
called DD moon which will pass near
Earth in 2022 another method would be
using something called a gravity tractor
which pulls the asteroid in a new
direction and points it away from earth
theoretically a spacecraft could do this
by hovering near an object to create a
slight gravitational attraction that
could be used to redirect the asteroid
the third option would be to go full
Hollywood and use a nuclear device to
vaporize part of the surface what you
can do in principle if you have a very
powerful laser is to cause Jets of
material heated by the laser to fly off
of the asteroid and that is essentially
the equivalent of a jet engine pushing
the asteroid off course so far NASA
hasn't found any asteroids big enough to
threaten earth but we haven't been
searching that long there's still lots
of space to survey and the big one might
be on its way we just haven't found it
