we're driving through a river right now
in the Jeep for thousands of years
humans have drawn lines on the earth
dividing the planet into Nations but
there are some parts of the world that
no Empire nation or state has been able
to tame just the geography here is
completely unruly land that is so high
so rugged that states have found it
impossible to exert control we're about
to hit 4000 meters film the effects
these are called non-state spaces
definitely feels like humans were never
meant to be here and the people who
settle in these places sought refuge
from borders
but even here among the highest
mountains in the world
this stateless lifestyle is coming to an
end
non sedate spaces have always existed
all over the globe they're usually high
up in mountains far from the reach of
any government and the people who live
here to be come here by chance most of
them are communities who fled into the
mountains to evade expanding government
forces some communities were escaping
capture like those in Africa fleeing
from the Arab and Atlantic slave trades
other groups were treated to remote
regions to escape ruling powers who they
opposed from the intimate and the Arctic
to the Berbers in North Africa to the
Jivaro inand the Amazon rainforest
examples exist all over the globe of
people who chose rugged terrain over
taxes war famine and subjugation from
state powers today there are some 5000
indigenous groups living in 90 countries
numbering in total around 370 million
people worldwide 70% of those are in
Asia most of these groups have
integrated into countries but for those
who reside deep in the mountains
geography has largely held off the
influence of any kind of centralized
government so I came up here to visit
one community that fled to the mountains
1,200 years ago back then the tibetan
empire which was just north of here was
pursuing its own state making project
its own empire and it was growing as the
tibetan empire grew its borders
eventually encompassed the bond religion
this was a religious group that predates
Buddhism the bond fought to preserve its
culture within the Tibetan Empire they
resisted the Empire but eventually
failed and instead of assimilated to
this new Empire they fled and they came
here to these mountains where they
created a life away from the militaries
the taxes the religion and the control
of the Tibetan Empire and that life
continues today
eventually this whole area would be
drawn into a modern state the state of
Nepal and Tibet where these people came
from would become China but these people
don't identify as Chinese or necessarily
Nepali people here they wanted the kids
to learn to meddle Indic like as the
language because we are more related
with the Tibetan culture the 25 families
that live here have their own distinct
identity they speak their own dialect of
Tibetan they mainly live off the land
farming and raising animals to survive
the Himalayan mountain range is
particularly rich with these examples of
non-state spaces is so many examples in
fact that a group of anthropologists
argue that this place should actually be
its own region they use the terms Omiya
to describe this long range of mountains
where people have set up for thousands
of years without the help of governments
of states the borders of this zou mia
concept encompass a hundred million
people it runs through eight countries
but is on the periphery of each the
diverse set of peoples living here have
a varying degree of interaction with
their country governments I came to this
region one of the most remote zones
within Zambia but even here you can feel
that zou Mia's stateless days are
numbered
everywhere you go up here you see herds
of animals and Shepherds guiding them
through the mountains after leaving this
bond village I moved to north and came
across a different community where this
family's lifestyle is based almost
entirely on the movement of their
animals we're at 4200 meters Tibet is
just right over this hill and don't let
that I ain't getting in my car this
family's actually nomadic they're all
constantly moving around throughout the
year so they'll be in this pasture for a
little bit while the Yak will graze here
and eat this grass and then they'll move
on to another place
meanwhile the grass is here we'll have
time to regenerate the dung from these
yak right now we'll help fertilize the
land and they'll eventually come back
here maybe next year and they will find
a pasture full of really wonderful grass
that's full of nutrients that their Yak
can graze again and there's no external
inputs to this or no fertilizer or
irrigation infrastructure and this whole
process and technique hinges on their
ability to be able to move freely
throughout this region which hasn't been
a problem for hundreds of years as this
place has been basically rid of any sort
of orders or control that's changing
very quickly this is where the Tibetan
language is spoken the many communities
in these mountains have always
considered themselves Tibetan moving
freely into Tibet for trade and
religious practices but in 1950 China
controversially annex Tibet they
eventually negotiated this border line
with Nepal notice that it goes right
through what these people think of us
Tibet the Yak grazers I met are mostly
based down here on the Nepal side and
luckily for them this border only
existed in theory the Yak raisers
continued to graze their animals deep
into Tibet as
had for hundreds of years but over the
years China started getting rich which
came with a renewed desire to protect
its influence and protect its borders
especially in Tibet where people were
fleeing to get away from Chinese rule
China now had the money technology and
geopolitical motive to start taming this
region they started crushing protests
from Tibetans and setting up military
infrastructure on the Tibetan Plateau
and in 1999 they built this fence on the
border marking the end of the unfettered
mobility that these people had depended
on for centuries in this non-state space
this place that had been too high for
borders suddenly had to adapt to the
first concept of boundaries and control
coming from far away governments most of
them has left that occupation because of
the boundary and less space for a car
grazing for the animals I wanted to go
see this fence at over 15,000 feet above
sea level it has to be one of the
highest borders on earth so I'm on the
windy Tibetan Plateau looking at the
border but were a half a kilometer away
and something really weird has happened
my driver who's Nepali stopped and said
we can't go any further I was like well
we're on Nepali sovereign territory why
would why couldn't we just go up to the
fence being able to do this at every
other country I've ever been to he said
no the Chinese will come over in those
snatches now we're still very much on
the nepali side but the chinese come in
here routinely to ask questions to even
detain people randomly they have
surveillance they have watched towers
even on the Nepali side China now has
the technology and political motive to
exert control in this remote and rugged
region to militarize its border here
okay okay
we should go
this isn't the only effort by a faraway
government to tame this region the
governments of Nepal India and China are
also building the first roads here
it's a lofty goal so we've got a
landslide on the road which means we can
go no further in the Jeep and we're
gonna have to hike the thinking here is
that a road system could serve as a
trade artery through the Himalaya
Mountains eventually we're stuck again
this time on a waterfall with it
200-foot cliff by the side of it and so
yes while these state forces are slowly
encroaching on this terrain it's going
to be long work and it's not going to be
easy they're slowly chipping away but
man this place just was never meant to
be tamed with the road that is like
people people have changed the interest
from all indigenous practices to the new
ways of living Nepal is sandwiched
between the two largest countries on
earth divided by these massive Himalayan
mountains a road would create an
enormous trade opportunity between these
countries
so there's been a blitz of construction
projects aimed at creating a viable road
through this mountain paths the Indian
government is funding projects like this
bridge and locals told me that the
Chinese government routinely sends
building materials to help construction
the road still has a long way to go
before it can sustain large flows of
goods but even now the road is reshaping
the relationship that these communities
have with the outside world shifting
their economy from bartering to cash
based markets where residents can create
businesses around cheap goods from China
and as always with change there are
winners and losers everything here is
made of yak is which is made milk which
is extremely delicious
these people who are used to bartering
and are used to living off of the
products of their animals are having a
hard time integrating having a hard time
finding a space in this new economy that
is based on cash is based on big
international flows of goods to have
initiative that make it a bit who would
I give to force all of Gaza me get it
there and burn your hand
that bond community whose customs had
been so well preserved in these
mountains have also felt the effects of
this road the worse will be definitely
for the culture here people are leaving
children especially parents want to
educate their kids and they are sending
them to India or to Kathmandu to get
educated a lot of these kids will go
their entire childhood without actually
being in this community we found that so
when the kids came back they didn't know
anything about their culture or
tradition in the village you have to
remember these people set up in the
mountains specifically to preserve their
tradition and culture and so to see it
disappear overnight
due to these modernizing forces is
giving people a lot of anxiety the way
they've solved this is that they're
building this school that is based on
educating children in the bond tradition
and the language of this community but
despite the disruptive effects of the
road most people I talk to are still
happy it's here access to different
commodities and making our life easier
with health facilities and education
system for centuries people have escaped
modern civilization by fleeing to the
mountains but now generations later for
some these mountains can feel more like
a trap than a refuge
some of a person that away a new kitchen
could never meet that comes already with
you
