opioid epidemic is taking a heavy toll
on children of the attics when parents
are addicted locked up or going into
treatment what happens to their children
opioid abuse has made thousands of
Americans incapable of caring for their
children and that has drawn attention to
grandparents many of whom are receiving
the same phone call from Child
Protective Services or law enforcement
when you get the call and there's never
been a formal removal the options are
going to become get the kids or they're
going into foster care
my ex-husband that received the call
because they knew I was at work and they
did call me and for me what should we do
when they get that call and decide to
raise their grandchild they become a new
kind of caregiver I mean on that stage I
was already raised my own children no
longer a typical grandparent but not a
parent either we are the ones who hear
the crying at night we're the ones that
go to to the schools and when they have
Mother's Day events but yet we're
grandma how about Father's Day well I
could make a mustache and put on a hat
and go well I did whatever I had to do
whatever I had to do there's actually a
name for this it's called kinship care
when a relative or close family friend
takes responsibility for raising a child
it's a type of child raising that is
always existed but it's becoming more
common for over 20 years
Jerry Wallace has been advocating for
kinship caregivers in New York State
sometimes even bringing his pet dog
cookie with him yeah oh you gotta go
I'll put it right out I'll be right he
was recently in Rockland County visiting
caregivers and a monthly support group
when parents aren't there anymore death
you know tragedies or whatnot relatives
have stepped in and raise children in
non-relative foster care the government
places a child with a family and
provides services that include legal
assistance financial benefits and case
management but in kinship care the
situation can be different
if they receive a call the relative has
to make a choice become a licensed
foster parent which is called formal
kinship or volunteer to raise the child
on their own without official custody in
what's known as informal kinship in the
US around 130,000 children live in
formal kinship and nearly two and a half
million live in informal kinship care
those who choose to participate in the
foster care system have access to
government services but that can include
regular visits from Child Protective
Services court appearances or mandated
caregiver training all of which can be
disruptive for the child in the
grandparents so many people opt for an
informal kinship which has less official
involvement but also limits access to
resources that can help raise the child
unlike most foster parents informal
kinship caregivers can have trouble
enrolling kids in schools and accessing
medical services and other benefits
because they may lack legal custody of
the children
kinship families might not have access
to typical foster care services but
there are a few programs that offer help
like the child only grant a temporary
assistance benefit that provides a small
amount of money to help care for the
child you're taking children into your
home that you didn't anticipate having
and all of a sudden you have a kid who
needs school supplies he needs sneakers
I constantly hear about sneakers and the
cost of sneakers the problem is there's
no easy way to find out about that help
if you don't go the force of the care
route and you're on your own it's the
luck of the draw whether you're even
gonna find out there are services maybe
you're one grandma who said to me Child
Protective Services gave me my
grandchild eight years ago this is the
first time I found out there's help so
that's just because there hasn't been
the procedural mechanisms to make sure
that it didn't happen the Rockland
County support group helps bridge that
gap once a month they meet at volunteer
counseling service where Rosa Serrano
Delgado is the program director
and I was hired in this position about I
think it's maybe 12 years now I had
never heard of the term kinship I really
had never heard of the term kinship what
would you have needed what would have
been helpful to you
you know ICS you're entering this
journey of raising dis dis children kids
oh why do you love it is due to the
pandemic the opioid pandemic that we
have here and many people are knows
somebody that that is lost a loved one
this population of families raising a
relative child we're lacking support
everyone has seemed to have something in
place but not these kinship families but
even if caregivers are made fully aware
of their options they still might avoid
formal kinship because of the approval
process sometimes the concern is I am
older I'm not making a lot of money so
how is this going to affect the way they
view me are they gonna see me as capable
am i physically capable of raising this
child towards children to have enough
resources the other stigma that I've
heard which is really interesting is
that they're afraid that people might
judge them because obviously something
has happened with your child that
they're not able to care for their own
child
um so what kind of parent were you
kinship caregivers can feel isolated and
that's where these support groups come
in they really feel that there are
amongst a group of people that really
get them that really understand them
that they can really be honest with you
know why is grandma raising the child
and where are the parents and well don't
question it so much let's we all have
different situations in here try
counseling the emotions
emotional right
sometimes they believe that you're
keeping my dad or my mom away from you
no you did something to keep on with
that away from and sometimes the parent
is angry at you because you're caring
for the child is that right groups like
these are providing crucial support to
kinship families and communities across
America in New York Jerry runs a website
and hotline that points kinship
caregivers towards local state and
federal services like Rosa's support
group in Rockland County we're keeping
kids out of force to care because they
can go live with their families that
doesn't mean we should abandon those
families we should provide them the
minimal supports they need to really
help these kids have good outcomes there
is also a financial benefit to kinship
care in a recent report a grandparents
advocacy group estimated that kinship
care saves taxpayers four billion
dollars every year by keeping children
out of foster care in spite of the
benefits kinship caregivers continue to
struggle in a fragmented system what
really needs to be known as every state
needs a specialized kinship program with
the outreach dollars to reach down in
the community and the coordination with
the other service systems so that
they're aware of them that these
families are contacted whether it's the
education system mental health services
of the courts they should all be
pointing these families to someone who
knows what to tell them about resources
and about their rights
you
