how did open offices get so overrated
let's break this down we all know open
offices are bad there have been studies
that show that private offices clearly
outperformed open ones open offices are
about saving money pricey real-estate
means that every square foot is a dollar
sign and that's fine
but we don't like to talk about it that
way we act like it's about interaction
and collaboration
even though studies have shown that ease
of interaction is not an issue in any
type of office but to be clear I'm
throwing stones from a glass office this
is where I work my desk is incredibly
close to my poor neighbors I always have
to wear headphones to concentrate and
nobody ever talks but when you look at
really cool companies across the board
they all have open offices to encourage
interaction and openness Doug vacation
website OpenOffice charity website
OpenOffice but this is not just
penny-pinching we talk about them like
they're better and they used to be open
offices were once works of art they were
just ruined by too many bad copies
this is an open office it's a post
office from 1870 to open offices weren't
invented by hit Millennials this is not
a barista this is not a fun shui
consultant clerical work was done in big
open spaces as early as the 1750s but
small rooms were most common by the
1900s
more and more people were spending their
days in offices one genius wanted to
make offices more open and he wanted
open spaces to work better the eminent
American architect Frank Lloyd Wright
come in man instead of a building being
a series of boxes and closets came more
and more open more and more sense of
space Wright's known for his houses
often with open plans but he designed
offices too in 1909 he experimented with
open offices in a buffalo building in
1939 he created a masterpiece in
Wisconsin the SC Johnson company needed
a new headquarters so they asked Wright
to design it they make cleaning products
like yeah you bug killer discovery from
Johnson wax the administrative building
was the highlight it was a stunning open
office Wright believed new materials
like steel enabled bolder designs the
box was a fascist symbol and the
architecture of freedom and democracy
they did something beside the buck just
in case you missed that he just said
boxes are a fascist yeah doesn't that
sound a lot like modern Open Office hype
but there were big differences between
what Wright made and what we have today
this thing was incredibly well designed
first are these dendro form columns
Dender form means tree like they were so
elegantly skinny they worried building
inspectors the ceiling let in natural
light
visitors compared it to a cathedral
right also specially designed each of
these desks and chairs
just look at all the space between them
and managers got private offices on a
mezzanine right said that it paid off
one of the first consequences was tea in
the afternoon and they didn't like to go
home but rights open office was very
different from the open drudgery and say
1960's the apartment people eliminated
rights careful design work and made a
copy of a copy of a copy open but
without rights genius behind it that's
why people thought a cubicle might be
the solution the may 1968 issue of
progressive architecture has a lot of
gems like this flooring that's asbestos
style hindsight 2020 probably should
have gone with linoleum page 174 has a
spread about a movement called b-roll on
shaft
it means office landscape and started in
Germany in the 1950s by the 60s it made
its way to America look at this diagram
of DuPont chemicals boxy very organized
offices before Bureau lancha and now
look at the fluid organic layout they
ended up with the idea was to make
offices open but keep them flexible
Herman Miller did the same with their
action office what exactly is action
office I'm walking through it right now
Herman Miller's Robert Probst designed
it to break up space but it allowed for
easy interaction and rearrangement there
were even special task groups for each
part of the office
the idea was constant flexibility with
specifically designed furniture but when
people copy Bureau landschaft and action
office they forgot the flexibility and
attention to detail
they only saw the walls so over the
decades we got a copy of a copy of a
copy and went from thoughtful design to
cubicle farm we'll go ahead
today's supposedly hip open offices are
in part a reaction to cubicle hatred but
many lack the care and attention of the
open offices of Frank Lloyd Wright or
the partition privacy of Herman Miller
and Bureau lawn shop we've kind of got
the worst of both worlds the open
offices we have our overrated bullpens
but the idea is worth executing well
because it matters too much to stop
trying to fix it by that we mean the
forty hours a week
the 87,000 hours the nearly ten full
years of your life do spend inside the
four walls of one room
so I don't want to leave you with the
impression that frank lloyd wright's
open office was perfect
his custom-designed three-legged chairs
turned out to be kind of unstable if
they were eventually replaced
