Oh
that's ocean blue a Radiohead and hans
zimmer composition for BBC's blue planet
2 series it's a lush orchestral song
that feels like the ebb and flow of the
ocean but it's a rework of a 2011
Radiohead track that sounds a lot
different
when Radiohead's thom yorke first wrote
bloom he was inspired by the original
blue planet series from 2001 the song
turned out to be a complex mix of piano
loops and syncopated drums in 2017 the
band was brought in to adapt that track
for the blue planet sequel with composer
Hans Zimmer this time they were faced
with a unique challenge how do you turn
an experimental rock song into a
soundtrack for the ocean
they found their inspiration in a
painting technique in which small
individual dots create a whole image
tied to lism painting pointillism and
decided to talk about these ideas of
getting off easy just draw exactly that
and after going surfing I would do
exactly right okay so we were obviously
there seems to be a consensus here that
we were on the right track and became
became over here and we just started to
do these gestures was the orchestra
these tiny little fragments of sound you
know of just like sometimes it would be
like light sometimes it will just be
like little waves on now and they soft
became the the vocabulary for this I
think that was part of the idea that's
not to start with a tune but let's just
start with a figuring out a new
technique and a new method of how to
present whatever the notes are if you
listen closely to the track you can hear
that method at work it's a trick they
call the title Orchestra
this sound forms the base layer of the
entire soundtrack it's always present
and it creates a whole musical
environment that's built out of a single
note Hans has done that before The Joker
theme in the Dark Knight was just one
stretched out cello note but that was
just one instrument here you have an
entire Orchestra playing a single note
and that was made possible because of
one simple rule we instructed the
players to not play at the same time
when there was a win when there was a
long note the conductor would say when
the guy next to you is playing don't
play you can hear this when you isolate
the title orchestra track
you know as your note dies away just
look at you you know whoever sitting
next to you
let them swell in their note and and you
get these beautiful sort of waves and
you're just for a moment you know the
individual player is heart and then
sinks back into you know the exactly
what the phone if you stare at the ocean
long enough that's exactly what it does
in terms of back to the pointillism
things it's basically it's it's if you
really look at it it just these
triangles that come in and out seep in
and out all the time when they don't
stop they never name an M&M enough stop
think of it like a musical version of
mathematician John Conway's Game of Life
there's a basic rule about when a note
dies when it remains and when it
reproduces let that play out and the
orchestra takes on an organic feeling
this track follows in a rich tradition
of using randomness and music as far
back as the 1700s compositional dice
games were quite popular players would
roll dice to generate a song based on
precomposed musical fragments and then
perform it in 1953 composer Earl Brown
wrote a piece called 25 pages it's an
unnumbered set of pages of music that
can be played in any order with either
side up and with notes read as either
treble or bass clef shortly after
carlines Stockhausen wrote clavier stoke
xi where a performer can pick from 19
cents randomly the song is over after
they played one fragment three times and
in 1964 composer Terry Riley wrote in C
it's a series of 53 short musical
phrases that players can move through at
their own pace weaving in and out of
sync
music like this is called alia toric
it's when a part of the composition or
performance is left up to chance or to a
player's choices the ocean bloom rework
makes those choices available on an
orchestral level but it's an effect that
was already part of the original
Radiohead track you can hear it when you
take away the drums which is exactly
what Tom did at a performance in Paris
in 2016 I thought hang on maybe I can do
it on piano and came up with a way of
really crude way to play on the piano
which was kind of discovering the song
again in a super simple way because up
until that point it always been about
the rhythms that shift in and out and
fall apart and fall apart sometimes come
together if we're lucky he's all about
it's for interesting hearing tom talk
about the piano version because I had a
similar sort of degree of randomness you
were just building all those lips on the
piano and it's just like you say used to
do it you see the song in a different
way and yeah it's interesting how such a
small skeleton that tom was doing is
sort of you know you were subconsciously
doing the same thing but with a huge
orchestra as soon as you have an
orchestra involved the complexity of
that all these players playing together
I mean that's a glorious thing and
there's no sound like it and I think
that's that's why it sounds so you know
vital
Blue Planet to air is from October 29th
on BBC one in the UK and is coming soon
to BBC America in 2018
