how did American Gothic get so famous
it's two people a house and some sky
isn't it a little overrated just a
second just second put down the
three-time pitchfork
so I understand that Graham wood made an
incredible painting you can see it in
all the little details like how the
pitchforks lines are repeated in the
house and farmer's shirt or how there
are complementary patterns in the window
drapes and the woman's dress the
painting is technically complex but look
at this this is what you get when you
google American Gothic parody pages and
pages of the exact same joke star wars
minions minions there are so many
parodies you don't get everywhere from
Rocky Horror Picture Show to Mulan not
to mention they lose the farm with nice
lines alone these parodies happened
because there was something bigger than
made this painting so famous and
understanding the secret to American
Gothic success actually helped me to
appreciate it
for the first time
nobody would have guessed grant woods
painting would be a huge success born
near Anamosa Iowa he grew up in the big
city Cedar Rapids but in the 1920s he
frequently traveled to Europe
Impressionism was an inspiration
so was pointillism older artists
influenced him - he said yon van Eyck's
look changed his art I think you can see
it in these long flat faces that would
drew himself the result of that
traveling was a guy who was half
European artiste half Iowan farm boy so
when would pass by this house in Eldon
Iowa he saw something something gothic
that weird slightly ominous window and
something American - he made sketches of
the house and enlisted his dentist and
yeah his sister as models for the
painting
there were some tweaks as the painting
developed the weeds in front of the
house disappeared
the original rake became a pitchfork
wood promised he'd elongate his sister's
face so she wasn't recognized as the
wife of this older dentists wood
completed it in 1930 that year the
painting made its way to the Chicago Art
Institute for a contest but it got
bronze third place the first mention in
the New York Times was dwarfed by an ad
for stomach acid medication would sold
American Gothic to the museum for $300
that's the big question
how did a third place $300 painting
featuring a dentist and the artist
sister turned into an icon America
changed a lot from 1880 to 1920
this chart shows all the jobs the big
one to notice is agriculture in 1880
almost half of all Americans were on the
farm now let's go to 1920 agriculture
went from 48 percent to just 25 percent
in 1880 about 30% of Americans lived in
cities by 1920 it had jumped to more
than half America was split between city
and country in the 20s and 30s City
people started snarking the critic HL
Mencken's a good example imagine Bill
Maher but more famous with 20 extra IQ
points in less pot Lincoln called
small-town people the boob huazi this
kind of thing was common in 1920
mainstream was a hit novel that was
basically about how small towns stunk
American Gothic was perfectly balanced
for this big nasty fight some city
people saw the couple as the boob huazi
some country people saw them as
authentic Americans remember that blue
and black dress or white and gold dress
that went viral on BuzzFeed that didn't
go viral because it was a great picture
and went viral because it was a great
fight in 1930 American Gothic wasn't
that different Grant Wood knew what he
was due
this is grant woods 1935 self-portrait
returned from Bohemia he's trying to
look like a solid Iowa artist but he was
always bohemian too in 1932 wood painted
daughters of the revolution he said it
was his only satire an American myth
blocked by women clinking their teacups
or look at 1939 s person Weems fable it
honors the story of George Washington
refusing a lie about chopping down a
cherry tree then the curtain pulls back
that American story is just something
person Weems made up farmer artists real
American artistic snob Grant Wood kept
everybody guessing if you think about it
his approach to art was not that
different than all those stupid parodies
that try to have it both ways
half the time they're honoring the
painting and the idea of a solid
American couple and half the time
they're calling it a joke with the
satirist smite not realize is that when
Grant Wood painted his sister in his
dentist in front of a house in Eldon
Iowa he was doing the same thing
you
just in case you were worried about
grant woods sister hating her famous
portrait she did convince her brother to
paint another portrait that was a little
more glamorous and probably a little
more true to life
