when I say funeral this is probably what
you think of right the cemetery the
casket the gorgeous floral arrangements
Vin Diesel stylish Lee going to buttons
undone on the dress shirt but what if I
told you that other than Dominic
Toretto's effortless style this was
probably the worst way you could dispose
of a body
this traditional casket in the ground
method most of us are used to is what
journalist Mark Harris calls a modern
burial and that is the chemical
embalming of the remains the burial of
the body or the placement of the body
into a metal casket and then the placing
of that casket embalmed body the bottom
of the grave that we call the burial
vaults that's pretty much the American
way of death aside from being a great
name for a novel the American way of
death actually turns out to be pretty
terrible the average cost of modern
burial runs on average from ten to
twelve thousand dollars although you can
talk to families you'll tell you that
paid a lot more than that in many cases
a lot more this kiss' casket alone will
set you back 7 grand no word on if the
answer included though the funeral
industry has also been known to engage
in predatory business practices like
selling vulnerable families add-ons and
services that they don't need they've
also been the subject of a number of
class-action lawsuits including one for
conspiring to fix the prices of caskets
at artificially high prices modern
burials are also incredibly wasteful the
average gravesite takes up 32 square
feet of land in a cemetery and that's
just space it uses a staggering amount
of resources as well every year we
divert enough concrete to the production
of those burial vaults to lay two lane
highway halfway across the country and
every year we divert enough metal for
those metal caskets to completely
rebuild the Golden Gate Bridge the
average 10 acre cemetery contains enough
coffin wood to construct more than 40
homes and contains enough toxic formalin
which is the main con
of embalming fluids to fill a backyard
swimming pool which almost sounds kind
of fun right grill up some hot dogs
toss some diving rings in for the kids
to fetch not so fast
formal in which is the formaldehyde
based preservative solution in Ballmer's
use is incredibly toxic OSHA deems it a
dangerous carcinogen and strictly
regulates its use and the EPA treats it
as a hazardous waste in Ballmer's
experience higher levels of brain colon
and prostate cancer as well as leukemia
to embalm a typical body requires three
pounds of this formalin solution and
sends 120 gallons of untreated funeral
waste directly into the sewage system
including blood fecal matter organ fluid
and carcinogenic chemicals as well as
whatever unknown diseases the body
contains okay cool so modern funerals
suck but what are the other options well
let's start with cremation countries all
across the world cremate bodies in Great
Britain seventy-five percent of people
get cremated in Switzerland it's 85
percent and in Japan that number is
almost 100 percent two years ago for the
first time in this country's history
more Americans were cremated and buried
and then pretty soon we're going to hit
50 percent of Americans being cremated
for one thing it's a lot cheaper a
typical cremation cost around $1,400
compared to the ten to twelve thousand
dollar price tag we mentioned earlier
again a little more for that sweet kiss
casket cremating a body also requires
much less space since there doesn't need
to be a grave and it doesn't require a
swimming pool formaldehyde either sorry
kids you can also do all sorts of fun
stuff with your ashes like put them in
fireworks spread them in a national park
or even turn them into a wreath but is
it actually any better for the
environment
cremation does use some resources so
you're heating a body for two hours up
to 1,800 degrees you're using natural
gas electricity you're releasing
pollutants into the atmosphere it's most
significantly
mercury so it sounds like cremation is
better although it's far from perfect is
there no way to do this without hurting
the environment
Swedish scientists asked that same
question and develop something called
promotion it's a process where you
freeze a corpse in liquid nitrogen
rapidly vibrate the body so it breaks
into millions of tiny particles in just
a few minutes then freeze dry the
particles and remove the harmful metals
left over from your dental fillings
you're left with a fine dust which
actually looks very similar to cremated
remains it solves most of the problems
of modern burial and cremation but
unfortunately hasn't been approved for
human beings it another option is
alkaline hydrolysis where a body's put
into a chamber which is then filled with
water and lye pressurized and heat it up
to about 320 degrees Fahrenheit the body
tissue is broken down in a process
that's similar to natural decomposition
and dissolve to nothing but a skeleton
in about 12 hours damn spooky it's more
environmentally friendly since there's
zero toxic emissions and it has about
one tenth of the carbon footprint as a
cremation all that said the simplest
option might be natural burial a number
of natural cemeteries have sprung up
across the country where onion bulb
Oddie's are buried in biodegradable
containers or sometimes nothing at all
and allowed to decompose naturally it's
an expensive natural and can actually
help preserve and restore vulnerable
land and Wildlife not to mention it's
how humans have done it for most of
recorded history no matter what the
method though it's clear that we have to
reform the way that we bury the dead in
less than a quarter century 76 million
people in America alone will get to the
average life expectancy of 78 years if
all those people were buried in
traditional graves
we'd need a cemetery the size of Las
Vegas to accommodate their bodies the
point is we're all gonna die
the question is what are we going to do
with all the bodies
you
