terrorist group Isis is losing at the
end of 2014 it claimed a territory the
size of Great Britain and a population
of 11 million people but today it's lost
about 60% of that and it's population is
down to about two and a half million
it's the result of fighting its enemies
on all sides to the west and north
Isis's fighting armed rebel groups and
the russia-backed Syrian military and
its allies it's also fighting Turkish
troops and us-backed Kurdish forces in
the north into the east and south
there's the US backed Iraqi army it was
this Iraqi army that delivered the
latest blow when they took over Isis's
biggest city Mosul the group's capital
in Iraq it was a symbolic loss Mosul is
where the group declared a Caliphate or
Islamic territory in 2014 this set them
apart from other terrorist organizations
they weren't just a network of jihadists
strung out across several countries like
al-qaeda they governed actual territory
which they called the Islamic state now
at the loss of Mosul the fall of this
Isis Caliphate seems imminent so what
happens when Isis is gone so problem
number one is that these fighters are
going to want to go home so in 2014 when
Isis captured a huge swath of territory
in Iraq and Syria tens of thousands of
foreign fighters came from all over the
world to join the caliphate according to
UN estimates as of July 2016 there are
upwards of 30,000 foreign fighters so
most of these fighters came from
countries like Tunisia Morocco Jordan
Saudi Arabia but hundreds also came from
countries like Belgium Germany the UK
and even a few dozen from the United
States so these fighters were drawn to
Isis for all sorts of different reasons
but a big one was that it had actual
territory and was supposed to be
building a Caliphate based on its own
extreme interpretation of Islamic law
Isis propaganda pushed this narrative in
flashy violent videos and magazines
online encouraging people from all walks
of life not just fighters to come and
help build this glorious Islamic state
and the people who came were not just
young men they weren't just fighters
there were women children and even
families who came as well but now as
Isis territory shrinks and the state
that they tried to build collapses
anyone who survives will have to find
somewhere else to go and that's a major
problem because many of these people are
now in doctor
they're now well-connected and they're
capable of carrying out deadly terror
attacks a similar dynamic actually
happened back in the 1980s in
Afghanistan so thousands of foreign
fighters flocked to Afghanistan to help
the Afghan mujahideen fight the Soviet
invasion and after the Soviets left a
lot of these fighters dispersed to
various different theatres of jihad
including Bosnia Chechnya Somalia Sudan
and elsewhere these fighters ended up
forming a loose network of transnational
jihadists most of whom had links to
Osama bin Laden and al-qaeda thanks for
their time Friday in Afghanistan and
some of them actually went on to carry
out attacks against the West including
attacks against the United States so the
worry now is that Isis fighters will do
something similar but this time they
might actually make it home to places
like Europe and launch attacks there so
the second problem is what to do with
the US military after Isis Falls right
now the u.s. is helping local forces in
Iraq and Syria to defeat Isis there are
currently around 1,000 US troops in
Syria and around 6,000 US troops in Iraq
Mosul which was Isis's capital in Iraq
has fallen and right now the u.s. is
helping Syrian local forces to defeat
Isis in Raqqa its so-called capital
there so as those two cities fall Isis
has been spreading out to rural areas
the Trump administration has two choices
option one is to keep the US troops
there which would lead them in harm's
way or option two is to bring them home
which increases the risk that the region
breaks out into war again option one is
a big political risk for Trump he
promised during the campaign that he
would not get involved in foreign wars
that he would actually invest American
money and time at jobs and research in
the United States and so if Trump were
to keep troops in the region he would be
admitting that he's going against the
political philosophy he espoused during
the campaign and currently during his
presidency option two is definitely also
a risk for Trump if US troops were to
leave that opens a space for sectarian
violence to break out in the region
let's take a look for example it's what
happened in 2011 when the Obama
administration took most of its troops
out of the region
that gave the Shiite government in
Baghdad
the space to crack down on Sunni
populations throughout the country and
Isis took advantage of that Isis was
seen as the defender against the Shiite
government and was able to gain support
and allowed for its riots to continue so
while it doesn't necessarily mean that
if troops leave an Isis type group or
Isis 2.0 itself will go out of that
absence of US troops but that rest
certainly exists the deadly California
shooting rampage a lone gunman the
pledge allegiance to Isis both incidents
carried out by so-called
lone wolves problem of three is Isis
moving from a place to an idea up until
now Isis had one goal defend the
territory already had in Iraq and the
territory already had in Syria the
problem is it's on the verge of losing
both and when that happens Isis goes
from being the kind of place people go
to fight to being the idea that people
fight for and it's an idea that's
compelling it's an idea that its
followers are willing to kill for and
that followers are willing to die for
when it first came to power
people thought it's a group that has its
own territory it wants to control that
territory but it's not al-qaida it's not
a terror group that wants to carry out
attacks outside of its borders in the
West that was proven tragically wrong in
October of 2015 this is the bomb Isis
claims they use to bring down the
Russian passenger plane over the Sinai
Peninsula in their online magazine they
posted photos of the bomb that they said
had been used to blow up the plan and
that was a reminder for was about to
come a wave of Isis attacks that have
killed hundreds of people in London in
Paris in Nice and have inspired attacks
that have killed dozens here at home in
California in an Orlando it's worth
remembering that these are not always
attacks carried out by people who are
part of Isis in many cases these are
people who are radicalized in the
countries where they lived and that's
the danger of the idea take what
happened in San Bernardino California
we're a married couple killed 14 people
or in Orlando where a single shooter
killed 49 people in both cases Isis
claimed responsibility but in both cases
there is no connection between those
people and Isis they got radicalized
over the Internet
Isis has known that propaganda matters
and Isis is really good at it it has
people all over the world who use
English language Arabic language to have
Facebook pages and Twitter accounts that
are full of incredibly slickly produced
videos
they're really compelling and if you're
someone predisposed to have that
worldview they can push you over the
edge from just thinking that's an idea
worth killing for
to actually killing for it Isis takes it
so seriously that refers to these people
as media operatives and says those media
operatives are carrying out a form of
martyrdom akin to killing - literally
killing for the cause and at the end of
the day that's the hardest thing about
Isis it can be beaten on the ground in
Iraq and Syria it is being beaten on the
ground in Iraq and Syria but it's going
from being a place to an idea and it is
impossible impossible to defeat an idea
