this dot represents ten people and this
dot represents 100 people in 2015 this
many died from gun violence in America
this many died in car crashes but even
more Americans died from a drug overdose
52,000 people that's more people than
there are seats at Yankee Stadium more
people are dying because of the opioid
epidemic a public health crisis that is
causing waves of progressive drug use
first Americans got hooked on
prescription painkillers next addicted
users moved on to more potent drugs like
heroin now an increasing number of
Americans are overdosing on an even more
powerful hope you know you could die
with the syringe still in your arm the
explanation for the rise of fentanyl
begins in the late 1990s since I've been
on this new pain medication I have not
missed one day of work and my boss
really appreciates that mine is there
every day
that's when pharmaceutical companies
began advertising new opioids that were
supposedly non-addictive but these are
the same drugs that have a reputation
for causing addiction and other terrible
things they do not have serious medical
side effects and so these drugs which I
repeat are our best strongest pain
medications should be used much more
than they are for patients in pain
American doctors started prescribing
opioids like oxy cotton percocet and
vicodin have record numbers in overdoses
began spiky in the 2000s the government
took steps to limit the supply of
prescription pills pharmaceutical
manufacturers were sued for falsely
marketing their products as a
non-addictive doctors were prosecuted
for over prescribing pain pills and
authorities tighten limits on
painkillers
by 2013 prescription drug abuse leveled
off as pills became harder to find but
that didn't help Americans who were
already hooked when addicts couldn't get
pills they found more dangerous drugs
many started using heroin an extremely
potent opioid that is made from the sap
of the opium poppy it's this transition
that has led the opioid crisis to
epidemic proportions the Center for
Disease Control found that people
addicted to prescription painkillers are
40 times more likely to be addicted to
heroin heroin is more potent than
prescription pain pills and therefore
more lethal soon heroin overdoses began
skyrocketed and as usage became
widespread users with the high tolerance
for heroin began seeking even stronger
opioids and that's part of what led to
fentanyl a synthetic opioid that is more
powerful and cheaper to make than heroin
unlike heroin fentanyl can easily be
made in a lab it was first developed as
an anesthetic for surgeries in the 1960s
and later found use as a treatment for
chronic pain in the 1990s since then it
continues to be approved for restricted
medical use and is prescribed for
advanced cancer patients and regulated
medical settings fentanyl is often
delivered by injection or as a patch or
lozenge forms which allow the drug to be
released gradually similar to other
opioids like morphine and heroin
fentanyl sedates the user by reacting
with receptors in the brain to release
dopamine but fentanyl is about 100 times
more potent than morphine drug
traffickers have been using it to cut
heroin to increase the potency and
profits from their product so heroin
addicts can consume fentanyl unknowingly
which increases the chances of an
accidental overdose exposure to the drug
is so dangerous that the CDC requires
first responders to wear protective gear
when fentanyl is suspected at a scene in
Ohio an unprotected police officer
accidentally overdosed after particles
of fentanyl settled on his clothing
during a traffic stop
that he just accidentally bumped up
against something while he was searching
his vehicle and for him to drop out like
that it shocked
three years after heroin deaths p.m.
despite fentanyl overdoses began rising
already new opioids are fulfilling the
next iteration of this progression car
fentanyl an opioid used as an elephant
tranquilizer is a growing cause of
overdoses in the United States this
photo compares a potentially lethal dose
of all three drugs showing that it could
take just a few grains of car fentanyl
to kill someone the fact that cracking
down on prescription painkillers has
pushed users to even more dangerous
opioids demonstrates the need for better
drug policies in addition to targeting
the supply of drugs providing better
treatment options for addiction will
reduce the demand for them in 2016
preliminary estimates of Americans that
died by drug overdose are as high as 65
thousand people experts estimate 2017
will be even worse as long as people are
addicted they're going to find ways to
satisfy that addiction even if it means
using more dangerous drugs like fentanyl
