if you believe the dead can return to
haunt a living you're not alone
according to one poll 45% of Americans
believe in ghosts and 28% claim to
actually have seen a ghost
they show up in our movies books and
bone thugs-n-harmony music videos as far
back as we can trace human life there's
evidence that almost every culture has
expressed curiosity about what comes
after many people believe in them but is
there actually any proof that ghosts
exist I went to Buffalo New York to talk
to Joe Nickell a paranormal investigator
who's been trying to answer that
question for almost 50 years and the
world's only full-time salaried
professional science-based paranormal
investigator I'm looking to explain a
case not to bunk it not promote it
explain it
Nicoll is a true renaissance man drawing
from a wide variety of disciplines for
his cases I mean at one time or another
I've used linguistic analysis I've used
blood pattern analysis psychological
insight nearly anything could be used if
it would illuminate a particular case so
in the hundreds of cases over his
half-century of investigation has he
ever found anything that would make him
believe in ghosts
not only have I never found a single
case that I thought was proof of a ghost
neither has science not a single ghost
or haunting has been authenticated by
science part of what makes it difficult
to investigate is all the different ways
people have defined ghost books flying
off of a shelf ghost orbs and photos
ghosts mysterious footsteps in the Attic
ghosts Patrick Swayze seductively
helping you throw vase definitely ghost
all of the would be evidence that ghosts
exists consist of ambiguous photographs
videos the next day his HDTV literally
begins rocking violently from side to
side all by itself and first-hand
accounts even if it's during the day
there's this eerie feeling that you get
that there is someone there which while
fun and spooky are not exactly
scientific proof ghost hunters often use
gadgets such as EMF meter's the tool
that measures electromagnetic field
which ghosts can supposedly manipulate
but nobody has been able to explain
exactly what the link is and most
scientists are pretty skeptical of this
stuff so there might not be any
empirical scientific evidence that shows
that ghosts exist but that doesn't
actually mean that you're crazy if you
think you see one there are plenty of
logical explanations for paranormal
experiences one is infrasound a sound
that falls below the audible twenty
Hertz frequency infrasound can be
produced by many things including severe
weather humpback whales or certain
machinery like engines or fans
researchers have hypothesized that
exposure to infrasound can induce
feelings of depression chills and the
sense that somebody's presence is near
you the sound can even cause visual
hallucinations at the frequency of 18
Hertz it resonates with the structure of
the human eyeball and if you have a
sound that resonates with something
material it'll make the material vibrate
at that frequency and when that happens
to you your eye begins to see things
that are in fact not there so if
scientists have also been able to
simulate a ghost in a lab they made a
robot that mimics the movement of the
subjects hands with a mechanical arm
that touches your back but with a slight
delay when you delay the movement it
creates an unmistakable sensation for
subjects that there's a ghostly presence
in the room
this time I really felt like I was
playing with somebody something so it
wasn't my self that was poking me in the
back but it was as if I was playing with
an animal a monkey that was poking me
tobacco something like that while most
ghost sightings can't be written off as
a robot poking your back this experiment
does highlight how manipulating certain
parts of your brain can produce what
researcher Olaf Blanke calls
misperceived self-representation
which can easily be misconstrued as a
ghostly presence sometimes even just a
person state of consciousness can make
them feel or see presences we can
actually have people see ghosts and
those those tend to be waking dreams
that occur in the in the twilight
between being fully asleep and fully
awake these kind of waking dreams can
also be called sleep paralysis which
about eight percent of people experience
at some point in their lifetime you feel
like you're awake but you're unable to
move your body and it's often
accompanied by terrifying visuals like
shadows people or even monsters which if
you didn't know what was happening would
be easy to confuse for having seen a
ghost another possible explanation for
ghostly sightings is grief one study
found that up to 60 percent of people
that lose a spouse claim to see or hear
their dead loved ones in his book about
hallucinations neurologist Oliver Sacks
said that seeing the face of a deceased
loved one can actually help you cope
with your grief this sort of
hallucination is not frightening it's
often very comforting it seems to be
part of the mourning process and it
really you know sudden hold has been
left in one's life and this helps helps
to heal over there is no question that
most of the paranormal promotes
something very positive there are a few
exceptions but all have to do with our
hopes and our fears we're hopeful that
ghosts exist because then we don't
really die our loved ones are not gone
from us they are real and a lie I
remember my grandmother died and how
much I did not want that to be the case
but the ghost idea the idea that we just
get up out of our bodies and continue
is powerful because who doesn't have an
instance in which he or she would say I
just wish I could have told my mother
this one thing or I wish my father knew
I wasn't really mad at him that time
so ghosts may not actually exist but
that doesn't mean that you might not see
one
you
