every summer solstice thousands of
people gather around the Stonehenge
monument in southern England to watch
the Sun Rise but there's a case to be
made that they're visiting six months
early I can't go to England right now to
show you why but we can do the next best
thing
Stonehenge was built and modified
several times over the course of a
thousand years starting around 5000
years ago and this kit shows what the
final version probably looks like based
on the ruins that are there today but
some of these stones are simply missing
so archaeologists can't know for sure
that this plan was ever actually
completed these tall structures are
called trial Athens and the tallest one
is nine metres or around 30 feet there's
only three of them still standing today
but it would have been to accept that
they prop one back up in the 1950s
these smaller stones are called blue
stones the geological source for these
is over 200 kilometres away and there's
an ongoing debate about whether they
were carried to the site by people or by
glaciers sometime long ago even these
small stones weigh around three or four
tonnes so it would be like moving 40
dead hippos from DC to Philly without a
wheel this is a prehistoric project
which means that the Neolithic people
that built it didn't leave any written
records about why or how they were doing
this but they did leave behind some
clues like the antlers that they used as
pics to dig holes because antlers are
organic material they can be radiocarbon
dating which is how archaeologists can
estimate the chronology of all of this
these our stones weigh around 25 tonnes
and their source was more local but they
still had to be moved some 20 kilometers
and archaeologists can only guess at how
they did that they're called sarsen
stones and they're harder than steel but
they were shaped into these fairly
uniform blocks using stone tools and
then they were pushed into pits before
being pulled up right
the stones in this top ring are called
lintels
and you can't tell from this model but
they actually had joints like we're
working joints there were grooves in the
lintels that fit into bumps on the top
of the upright stones and then on the
side of the lentils they also fit
together like puzzle pieces not only
that but the neolithic builders who made
this were able to carefully calculate
the heights of all the stones so that
the monument was level even though it's
not on level ground it's truly an
engineering marvel
grass
tada
except we're not actually done the stone
circle was just part of the Stonehenge
site it sits in a much larger circle
that was drawn in the earth with ditches
and mounds there was an avenue leading
up to the entrance of that circle a big
stone on that Avenue called the heel
stone and four other stones that form a
rectangle and may be linked to certain
moon cycles this site must have been
incredibly important to the Neolithic
people that built it but despite
hundreds of years of analysis and
speculation we'll never know for sure
what it really meant to them but we do
know that its design involved a really
early form of astronomy back in the 18th
century and historian noticed that the
central axis of the monument points
toward the location on the horizon where
the Sun rises on the summer solstice so
if you stood in the center of the
monument and looked toward the heel
stone you'd see the Sun rise there on
June 21st it's not a perfect alignment
but it's close
summer solstice is when the sun's path
is furthest north rising in the
Northeast and setting in the northwest
that makes it high in the sky in the
Northern Hemisphere and low in the
southern hemisphere this is all because
the earth is tilted relative to its
orbit around the Sun and the solstices
are where the sun's path appears to
pause and change direction but the
people that built Stonehenge didn't know
that the earth moves around the Sun or
spins on a tilted axis they probably
didn't even suspect it was round they
just saw the Sun bring longer days in
the summer and shorter days in the
winter and those turning points would
have meant a lot for their food security
and there's reason to think that the
winter solstice was particularly
important for the people at Stonehenge
the winter solstice sunset is on the
same axis as the summer solstice sunrise
just on the other end toward the
southwest and the midwinter alignment
shows up in other monuments like the
Newgrange tomb in Ireland which has a
window that allows the sunrise
to illuminate the inner chamber on the
sunrise of winter solstice archeologists
also found pig bones from a settlement
near Stonehenge that they believed were
slaughtered in the wintertime based on
the pigs age their findings suggest an
annual winter solstice pilgrimage and
feast the idea is that people would have
approached the monument by walking on
the Avenue which would have put the
midwinter sunset in their sight line
right in the window of the tallest tryla
thon historian John North argued that
when viewed from this side the monument
silhouette would have looked like a
solid black form with the Setting Sun
bursting through bringing the promise of
another spring
