we ought to move a bunch of government
agencies out of the Washington DC area
and injured Midwestern cities we have
this mismatch we have a number of
Midwestern cities that are smaller than
they used to be the city of Detroit has
lost nearly 2/3 of its population since
its post-war peak Cincinnati has lost
40% of its population since 1950 1950
nearly a million people lived in the
city of Cleveland now under 400,000 a
lot of the industries that have been
based there have gone away the plant
once pumped out 12 million for speed
transmissions is shutting down a hostess
friend says it will shut down its Akron
plant pensive American axle
manufacturing Hamtramck say the plant is
closing its doors so those are cities
that are over built they have airports
and housing stock and cultural amenities
for bigger cities than they are today
and then we have coastal cities that
have not enough infrastructure to
support their current populations a lot
of that there isn't that much we can do
about Google Apple JPMorgan these are
private companies that have chosen to
cluster in expensive coastal cities but
the government is something that's under
our control the Washington area now
commands the highest housing prices
compared to income in the country if a
certain amount of well paid government
jobs left the Washington area we would
not have a crippling hole this is a very
expensive office space Marc companies
would lease that space it's an expensive
housing market if there was a little bit
less demand to live here people who live
here would see rents fall down and it
could give places like Cleveland Detroit
that have a lot to offer if they have
art museums they have professional
sports teams they have theaters but have
a lack of sort of jobs engines some more
opportunities there there's a lot of
government agencies that don't have a
great deal to do with politics per se
the Centers for Disease Control which is
headquartered in Atlanta is a really
good model for that it's a government
agency it's very important but it's not
really part of national politics the
sort of technical and scientific
agencies you often find have already
decided just
move out to the suburbs in search of
cheaper and more plentiful office space
and those are the kind of agencies where
we should think about if we could get an
even higher standard of living by moving
to lower-cost studies but also to places
that frankly just have more needeth jobs
there's no need for everything to be so
incredibly centralized it makes people
feel like politics and government is
happening in a far-off very distant kind
of place the average income in the DC
metro area is the highest in the nation
people rightly find that to be a little
bit troubling to the American spirit and
so trying to spread some of that
opportunity around after all the tax
dollars that support these jobs come
from everywhere and it makes sense to
make sure that the benefits also flow
everywhere
you
