when we think about sanctuary cities we
tend to imagine depending on our
political view either lawless cesspools
where federal law is utterly ignored
pretty much the definition of anarchy in
human sacrifices rape murder Satan
worshippers American lives are being
lost they are breaking the law they are
harboring fugitives this is absolutely
nuts for havens for one of the nation's
most marginalized groups you are safe in
Chicago this is about human beings
families and will continue to be a place
of refuge but in reality neither of
those descriptions quite fit to
understand why you have to put yourself
in the shoes of a local police officer
first what our sanctuary cities their
cities and counties in the u.s. that
limit their cooperation with immigration
enforcement which falls under federal
jurisdiction these policies are
different in different places in Chicago
it means city employees aren't supposed
to share residents immigration status
with other people in Washington DC
it means police officers are barred from
asking residents about their immigration
status but often it comes down to this
how does a local police officer handle
an unauthorized immigrant that he's
already arrested for some other reason
let's say a cop pulls someone over for
speeding the cop notices this person has
an unpaid speeding ticket and they miss
their day in court so the cop arrests
the person books them into the local
jail while they wait for someone to post
bail
the person gets fingerprinted that's
part of the booking process those
fingerprints then get sent to an FBI
database and then a database kept by
Immigration and Customs Enforcement or
ice that step is mandatory whether or
not a city calls itself a sanctuary City
it still has to send those fingerprints
through the FBI database if the
fingerprints match up with someone who
ice knows is an unauthorized immigrant
they might send the local cops holding
this person something called a detainer
request the detainer request is just
that it's a request the federal
government is asking not demanding the
police hold that person for an extra 48
hours after they would normally be
released that gives ice time to come by
picked mouth starts deportation process
now I can't force local law enforcement
to hold someone and just by sending one
of you subpoena requests the
Constitution's Tenth Amendment prohibits
state governments from having to enforce
federal law and some federal courts have
decided that detainer requests fall into
that category so if you're a local
police chief or sheriff and you get one
of these requests you have a choice do
you honor the request or do you let the
person go let's say you honor the
request keep the person in jail for an
extra 48 hours ice comes to pick them up
and they get deported or it gets out
around the immigrant community any time
you interact with local police it could
mean deportation eventually immigrants
will be afraid to call the police even
when they're the victims of crime or the
witnesses to it and then immigrants
become easy targets because the bad guys
know that many immigrants will not call
the police for a local police chief this
is a big problem it's impossible to do
their jobs when they don't have people
trust 500,000 Angelenos people who live
in Los Angeles undocumented immigrants I
need their cooperation I need them to
work with their local police stations I
need them to be witnesses to violent
crime what about the other option what
happens if you ignore the order and let
this person go home first there's no
guarantee that they won't get deported
anyway whether a city considers itself a
sanctuary or not local law enforcement
can't stop us from deporting someone but
there's another problem think of the
levels of government like rungs on a
ladder you have the federal government
at the top level that includes agencies
like ice
you have the state government governors
legislators in the middle and then at
the bottom you have local government
mayors police chief's sheriff's if the
federal government issues a detainer
request and the local police department
refuses to accept it the state
government can step in by taking away
one of the state's funding streams from
the local police that's what happened in
Texas in 2017
the governor of the great state of Texas
Greg Abbott has declared he will sign a
law banning sanctuary cities he's
already issued an order that cuts
funding to those sanctuary cities this
is dangerous and I will not allow it as
governor of Texas this map shows the
counties in red that always cooperate
with ice and the ones that don't those
are in orange yellow and green the green
counties have the most restrictions on
when they cooperate with ice detainer
requests in late January 2017 shortly
after he got into office President
Donald Trump signed an executive order
that opens the door to withholding
federal funds from sanctuary cities or
counties the wording of that order is
vague and it's already being challenged
in federal court but if Trump's plan
does move forward it could put local law
enforcement officers across the country
in a lose-lose situation for them
deciding whether to honor a detainer
request is often about choosing between
financial security on one hand and
public safety on the other
you
