I cannot believe there are two million
years you out there just last July there
were 1 million and we recommended some
channels so this time we're just going
to recommend some more videos that we
think should get some more eyeballs the
one I'm going to recommend it's been
seen by a lot of people but I think many
many more should see it as the
progenitor explainer videos called
powers of 10 it's by Charles and Ray
Eames was made in 1977 and it shows you
life from the closest perspective and
the widest possible perspectives you can
see it from and if you're not going to
listen to my recommendation you should
probably listen to stealth you have to
watch this interview with nerd war and
quest love nerd war is a Canadian radio
DJ and he blows questlove's mine over
the course of 40 minutes with the amount
of knowledge he has about hip hop
Philadelphia and Questlove himself my
video is slow TV and it's just shot from
this train in Norway and it's seven
hours of pure relaxation now all sorts
of people are doing it and there's all
sorts of versions of slow TV but I want
to recommend the original if you're ever
feeling like you need a break
the video I want to recommend is tank
and the bang goes from NPR music tiny
death series there the 2017 winners and
their music is awesome or check out
Carlos's recommendations
Carlos massive there's fish to carp yes
I recommend lighthouses by Patrick
Maloney which is a spoken word poem
about fear ambition humility and love
and it's something through a lot of
really rough times it is when you need
poetry the most I love this video it's
called the watch town of Turkey and it's
just really good cinematography and
sound design so enjoy it all right check
out Meghan Walsh's film shouting in the
dark it's about what happened in the
tiny island nation of our enduring Arab
Spring in 2011 it's still timely or
whatever John says so there's a video
series you can see that was produced by
a German public radio station eins live
and it features a Canadian pianist
breaking down your favorite pop song
check out this video by cinematography
database is a great breakdown of the
movie arrival I love it because it's
just as typically detailed and kind of
nerdy as everything that you'll find
the channel my favorite internet video
recently is from GQ they did a
compilation of every time Shawn spice or
his misspoken he's made up words like
Laster day and all around the globe
progress in lowering drunk drug prices
recast a historic deciding vote for
Secretary of Education Troy fine
so I happen to be googling City
relaxation and I found this video and
it's got Chet Baker music it's the old
lady checking out a chair and it makes
no sense but I think it's art so New
York our guys is a webseries where the
two hosts Joe farmer Geno and the other
hosts Joe farmer Geno talk about
something that most New Yorkers just
can't get enough of cards and then mine
is a video essay by The Criterion
Collection on how Swedish filmmaker
Ingmar Bergman was inspired by his own
dreams and how he used films convey what
it feels like to be drew and you should
watch Cosmo because with really really
good music and creative editing you can
make a video that's even about fishing
really really exciting I like to watch
them all I work and I rewatched this
clip of Nathan for you the other day and
I was like crying while I was working so
my favorite video for the past year has
been this one with black side who's the
lead MC for the roots he's at Harvard
doing this like interview and he goes on
this five-minute freestyle that to me is
one of the most beautiful and
intelligent things on the internet right
now you should definitely check it out
thank you so much for subscribing and
thank you for sticking with us thank you
thanks Sarah this is all what I said
thanks for watching
