so when you get there God's and you're
like 11 years old they never tell you
what's that down the road the only thing
they tell you is have to clean up after
your dog this is Alvin and his dog
rainbow they spent 18 years together
since Alvin was just 11 and last year my
dad was dying and I did I couldn't work
when a dog is dying it really does feel
like a human is dying and there's a
reason for that
when I graduated college my parents went
away to work abroad and so when rainbow
was 10 years old she came to live with
me in New York every time my dog got
sick every time I I had to go home at 6
o'clock to feed my dog I was a 22 year
old I didn't really know how to do that
but eventually we kind of figured out
how to talk to each other we figured out
what each other needed even as she was
losing her vision and her hearing and
her countenance there's still that
communication dogs are the most popular
pet in the West more than one in three
households have one and if you're among
them you can probably relate to this
nonverbal communication that I was
talking about the relationship dates
back tens of thousands of years when
wolf and humans became companions
scientists disagree about whether it was
wolves or humans I initiated the
relationship but both stood to benefit
one anthropologists Pat Shipman believed
the hunting alliance between wolf dogs
and people helps explain why human
survived while Neanderthals died out I
think our relationship animals has
really been fundamental to our survival
and by starting this cooperative
arrangement with wolves or wolf-dogs we
began laying the foundation for the
relationship we have with animals we
have domesticated today but the idea of
non working dependent animals is fairly
new the word pet was first used in the
early 1500s to describe spoiled children
or quote any
person indulged or treated as a favorite
then by the mid 16th century the word
took on animals as well specifically
orphan lambs that needed to be raised by
hand see saves eighty-six percent of
adult pet owners in the u.s. say that
they consider their pets part of their
family according to historian Catherine
Bryar
the reason we began caring for animals
is close connected to the changing ideas
of human nature emotional life
individual responsibility and our
society's obligations to all kinds of
dependent others and that empathy easily
extends to dog who we've had social
relationships with for thousands of
years because we are both genetically
programmed for that interaction we have
helped to survival of the one step
communicate better with us you know
there's a lot of evolution under Linus
and that is upset feeling with our cats
and dogs that they're basically three
family members to understand the human
dog relationship some psychologists have
invoked a concept called attachment
theory most humans have this biological
need to form attachments with other
humans this idea was first developed by
a British psychiatrist John Bowlby and
he believed that evolution programmed
humans to form attachments to boost
their chances of survival first it's
your mob then you find other people like
your friends or romantic partners but
researchers have found that we can form
these attachments with our pets as well
especially dogs studies have shown that
dog's interactions with their owners are
similar in some ways to infants
responses to their mothers they
experience separation anxiety and look
for their owners when under stress
it's a much more simpler relationship
like I struggle with anxiety a lot a lot
of times with anxiety about other human
being and having Doug who I never had a
question whether or not my dogs love me
or whether or not my dog wanted to be
around me it was such an honest
relationship there might be a silly
silly thing to cling cling to but it was
important it was definitely important
for survival I think that you know that
plays a part in why I was so thankful
for it
researchers have found that interacting
with the dog can reduce stress hormones
and blood pressure but the unusual bond
we form with dogs upon tens of thousands
of years in the making it means that
saying goodbye is hard I remember one
day I came home I said I think I think I
have to call the vet I called my mom I
couldn't say I just couldn't tell her
that I was scheduling my dog's death
essentially and literally that night I
went to a bar and then the back of the
bar I googled like how do you know when
it's time for your dog and all the
everything I read not really helpful
because I just knew it was time I just
wanted something to tell me it was time
for my dog there's two shots the first
shot I'm kind of calm to dog down and
the second one stopped your dog's heart
and the vet asked me do you want to tell
me when whenever you're ready
and like what do you say it's like okay
I'm ready and so it just was very
mechanical is like okay go ahead okay go
ahead and a lot of the feelings I was
having they were very similar to when my
grandma passed away I was there during
her final days and we knew that she was
passing and we named shoot you know she
was in hospice care and it was feeling
of both you know it is time you've meant
so much to me
and I'm just so thankful and I don't
know how to tell you so the reason it
feels like human has died is because
dogs are a lot like us their life arcs
is our life arc from city to suburb from
tragedy to bliss and when they pass away
that will be looted
this video will see from an article that
of the road last year by losing rainbow
I'll link the article down below make
sure to read it
you
