other things are one of the most iconic
creatures on this planet they're the
largest land animals the only surviving
members of their order and they are
highly intelligent social beings
they're a lot like human babies actually
these elephants in Thailand can even
paint it is the matriarch who guides the
herd it's the older females bath life
experience that gives in these skills
African elephants have been here for
more than a million and a half years and
now human intervention is literally
changing the face of this incredible
creature during the 1500s an estimated
26 million elephants ruined the African
continent today it's less than five
hundred thousand there are keystone
species which means that without them
the environment look completely
different
for example digging up more foam in the
dry riverbeds that enables other animals
to come in and drink some those same
water sources they walk through the bush
they knock trees down that they're
ripping ups are play such an important
role in the ecosystem in the nineteen
seventies and eighties elephant poaching
reached crisis levels so a nice maybe
main and international agreement ban the
global ivory trade but in the past
several years poaching has returned to
high levels this chart shows the
percentage of African elephant deaths
caused by poaching since 2003 there I
retest are basically large P but for
centuries they've been used in artworks
ornaments jewelry even piano keys I
revalue have been compared to diamonds
it's so status symbols and the rise of
China's middle class has pushed up the
demand for ivory bear when it sells for
around $1,100 per kilogram to get
accustom out to the elephant has to be
half - horrible birthday
one third of an elephant tests are in
its skull which contains a pulpy cavity
of tissues blood vessels and nerves that
means they can't be preemptively removed
by conservationists an approach that has
been applied to rhino horns which aren't
ivory but are also sought after in Asia
conservationists can faithfully remove
up to
3% of a rhino's horn but it's not
possible to remove that much from
elephants but in recent decades there's
been an increasing trend of elephants
being born hospice helplessness is a
natural trait in elephants particularly
in females much less so in males while
most African elephants of both sexes
have tests around 2 to 6 percent are
naturally born ethically now decades of
heavy poaching has made that trait more
common this chart shows the elephant
population subject to poaching have
higher rates of tuskless nests
compared to undisturbed populations
let's use corn go the National Park as
an example heavy poaching happened
during the civil war from 1977 to 1992
of the older female elephants who
survived the war over half were Tesla's
and of the younger females born after
the war 33% were Tesla because Tesla
elephants were less likely to be killed
by poachers
the Tesla straight became more common in
the next generation scientists have also
found that on average Tufts are smaller
than they were a century ago male 4 age
have Tufts that are seven times the
weight of a female of the same age so
poachers tend to focus on
males first and then they help us on
older females because toss continue to
grow throughout an elephant life the
older elephants have large stuff like us
closeness smaller tests provide a
survival advantage against poaching but
it comes at a cost
can they survive without tusks yes they
can
absolutely the good thing to live
without tasks no and the reason why
elephants have evolved have tusks we use
them extensively foraging self-defense
to protect the youngsters are available
from businesses but lions and males use
it in battle how the good period of
tusks is very important consequences is
not likely to save the species from
poaching and habitat loss
yet there is some hope through
determined conservation efforts some
African national parks are seeing growth
in their elephant populations and China
has announced that by the end of 2017
stable in domestic sales and processing
of ivory both steps along with stronger
incentive to protect elephant habitat
and support local anti poaching program
might give elephants a leg or task up
they need to secure their feature on
this planet
a big thanks to African parks and the
experts like ice interview for this
video if you want to see if you want to
learn more about their work in elephant
conservation links to their websites are
in the description box and if you need a
little pick-me-up don't worry I got you
covered
links to baby elephant videos are in
there
ah
