when America's founding fathers were
debating how to set up a brand new
government they ran into a problem what
should happen if a president in Benjamin
Franklin's words has rendered himself
obnoxious most countries didn't have
elected leaders or ways to get rid of
them so Franklin and the framers turned
to a provision of British common law
known as impeachment trial conviction
punishment Great Britain impeachment
could be brought against anybody any
citizen and it also could result in any
punishment including death michael
Gerhardt is a constitutional law
professor who literally wrote the book
on impeachment and so they put
impeaching the Constitution and then set
up a whole series of unique American
features in it the Constitution lays out
three offenses for which any federal
official including the president can be
impeached the first two treason and
bribery are pretty straightforward
treason means helping enemies of the
United States and bribery is taking
money or gifts in exchange for a
political favor in the last phrase
hydrogenous Peters is argued to five
obviously specified in the Constitution
that these were thought to be students
offenses against the Republic and
serious breaches of trust for three u.s.
presidents Andrew Johnson Richard Nixon
and Bill Clinton the question of whether
to impeach and removed them from office
centered around whether their behavior
fit into this third category of high
crimes and misdemeanors the impeachment
process has to start in the House of
Representatives any member can introduce
an impeachment resolution a resolution
articles of impeachment of George Bush
president of the United States resolved
that president george w bush the impeach
for high crimes and misdemeanors but
plenty like this one go nowhere that's
because impeachment charges have to be
approved by a majority of the House
Judiciary Committee next the full House
of Representatives votes on whether to
impeach if a simple majority votes yes
the
is officially impeached but that doesn't
necessarily mean they lose the
presidency that position happens in a
Senate trial the Senators are basically
the jury they hear evidence from both
sides and if 67 of those senators vote
to convict the president is removed from
office this has never actually happened
a house majority voted to impeach Andrew
Johnson for firing his Secretary of War
this was after months of conflict after
reconstruction following the Civil War
the only other president impeached by
the house was Bill Clinton in 1998 but
in both of those cases not enough
senators voted to actually remove the
president from office johnson was only
one vote short but in clinton's case it
wasn't even close the respondent William
Jefferson Clinton president of the
United States is not guilty as charged
in the second article of impeachment
that's because votes in Clinton's
impeachment in the house and trial in
the Senate were split almost completely
by party and part of the disagreement
within the Senate had to do with the
context in which one's actions taking
place the whole thing started when
Clinton was sued for sexual harassment
by a woman named Paula Jones who had
worked for him when he was governor of
Arkansas in a deposition for that case
Jones's lawyers asked Clinton if he'd
had a sexual relationship with a
different woman a White House intern
named Monica Lewinsky Clinton said he
had it I did not have sexual relations
with that woman miss Lewinsky but that
wasn't true
I had intimate contact with her that was
inappropriate
house would be an order Republicans in
the house argued that Clinton should be
impeached for lying under oath this is a
public act not a private act what the
defenders want to do is lower the
standards by which we hold this
president you sir may resign your post
Democrats disagreed that the offense was
serious enough to be called a high crime
at one point they walked out of the
house chamber in protest there is one
small segment on the far-right who have
lost all objectivity and are determined
to impeach the president at all costs
House Resolution six 11 resolved that
William Jefferson Clinton President of
the United States is impeached for high
crimes and misdemeanors but throughout
this process Clinton's popularity never
really suffered not a sense the American
people are demanding that he be tossed
out of office
not a single Democratic senator voted to
remove Clinton from office typically we
need to have limos of more than one
party that's one of the major
differences between Clinton's case and
President Richard Nixon's over the
course of several months in 1973 members
of Congress and the American people
learned about Nixon's possible
involvement in a break-in at the offices
of the Democratic National Committee the
Democratic National Committee is located
in the Watergate office building the
five men carried cameras and apparently
a planted electronic box the espionage
operation on the president's behalf was
called the offensive security program
the cha
that the president knowingly
participated in the Watergate cover-up
not evidence only came out because
Republicans members of Nixon's own party
called for investigations into the
president's behavior I welcome this kind
of examination because people have got
to know whether or not their presidents
a crook well I'm not a crook what did
the president know and when did he know
him in the House Judiciary Committee
Republicans joined with Democrats to
approve articles of impeachment against
Nixon the public's began the kind of
render a judgment against Nixon which
was his property plummeted but Nixon
resigned before the full house could
vote on impeachment I must put the
interests of America first I shall
resign the presidency effective at noon
tomorrow Republican leaders had told him
there's no way he'd survived the vote
which helps explain why no president has
ever been removed from office by
impeachment for that to happen the
president doesn't just have to commit
some high crime or misdemeanor he has to
lose the support of his own party in
which case history suggests he'll see
himself out
you
