this is Timmy he's six years old and
lives with his parents and little sister
in a town between Washington DC and
Baltimore he insisted on a trash thing
for his fifth birthday party we
decorated the whole house with recycling
he's into Angry Birds he's into monsters
he is drawing he's writing he's learning
he's reading really well timmy was born
seven weeks before his due date he was
only three pounds nine ounces he spent
the first five months of his life in the
neonatal intensive care unit or NICU
Timmy has a rare condition which
requires him among other things to
breathe through a tube in his throat and
get most of his food through a tube in
his abdomen
every room in Timmy's house doubles as a
medical supply station for his daily
medical needs we buy these in cases of
10,000 but when you're around him it's
impossible to avoid Timmy's amazing
energy a six year old bursting with
vivid imagination fixated on trucks
Legos and building binoculars out of
toilet paper rolls
Jimmy's mom Michelle is showing us
medical bills from the NICU period
Timmy's been under anesthesia 42 times
and between all the surgeries medicine
and intensive care the bills added up
really quickly so 773 thousand dollars
by the time he was two-and-a-half months
old
so we figure probably by three three and
a half months he hit a million like many
insurance plans
Timmy's policy had a clause that caps
how much the insurance company will pay
over his lifetime this is called a
lifetime maximum Timmy's lifetime
maximum was $1,000,000 which he hid
within just a few months in the NICU
according to his policy after he hit a
million dollars he would be on his own
but something happened just six days
before Timmy was born that would
dramatically affect him in his parents
lives Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act goes into effect today the new
health care reform bill kicks in today
health insurers can no longer impose
lifetime limits or deny children with
pre-existing conditions the issue of
lifetime limits that is not going to be
the rule anymore after tomorrow the
Affordable Care Act or Obamacare is best
known for requiring insurers to cover
people with pre-existing conditions and
letting kids stay on their parent's
insurance until the age of 26 but one of
the lesser-known parts of the law is
that it banned insurers from putting a
cap on how much care they would pay for
over a year or a lifetime this came
right in time for Timmy's family he
would have lost his insurance at a
million dollars which would have been
about halfway into the NICU stay I think
we had four thousand dollars in savings
right then I mean so that would have
been what less than a day of care and
the NICU
I don't know what would have happened
you know we've only experienced life
books about Obamacare right I don't know
what families before Obamacare sixty
percent of all bankruptcies in the u.s.
were tied to medical bills and it was
the sickest patients with things like
complicated blood infections and heart
conditions who were losing their
insurance due to lifetime limits these
were the patients who needed it most
when Timmy's family moved to Maryland
his parents intentionally looked for a
new insurance company so that they could
start from zero
just in case lifetime limits came back
but even on this new plan they're
getting close to a million dollars as of
this morning nine hundred and eighty
five thousand one hundred one hundred
forty seven dollars and 19 cents that's
for his the current insurance plan we're
on now which started when he was eight
months old all told by the end of that
first Nick you say I just don't know
what the second you're not eight yet no
you are not ain't yet how old are you
six yes I said eight months eight months
not eight years you were eight months
you know how old eight months is you
were a little bake a baby you couldn't
even walk yet as of now Timmy and his
parents are safe from a lifetime limit
on his benefits but 20 miles away
congressional Republicans and President
Donald Trump are working on dismantling
the law that got rid of lifetime limits
and saved Timmy's health coverage real
change begins with immediately repealing
and replacing Obamacare Republican
replacement plans are split between
stayin with unlimited coverage and
reimposing the lifetime limits a late
February draft of a Republican bill
would keep the ban on lifetime limits
which is good news for Timmy's family
but legislators say that this is far
from a final version and is likely to
change significantly
but overall the lifetime maximum issue
is not a huge part of this debate which
mostly focuses on things like
pre-existing conditions pre-existing
conditions existing
and allowing folks that are 26 or
younger the ability to remain on their
parent's insurance but for Timmy's
parents who have a good employer
provided health insurance plan the
lifetime limit issue is the only thing
that matters in this debate that's the
only thing we think about
I mean honestly more so than the
pre-existing thing like it's like the
lifetime maximum actually when you said
the other day when we were talking
you're like oh the lifetime maximum
thing doesn't get covered enough and I
was like really
that's the big bedtime at the Morrison
house looks similar to bedtime in many
homes with storybooks and stuffed
animals but things are a little more
complicated once a week Timmy's parents
replace his throat tube this is just one
of many steps that Timmy's family goes
through to keep him healthy
but Timmy and his family have developed
a routine to manage all of this care it
consists of a lot of medical supplies
equipment help from nurses and doctors
visits this routine has been enabled by
the fact that the Morrisons don't have
to worry about Timmy's insurance going
away once they hit a million dollars but
this dependable routine is under threat
as the health care debate may result in
a lifetime limit coming back
if that happens Timmy could lose his
insurance and this predictable if
complicated routine will be turned
upside down you know we're not trying to
say that it's not our responsibility to
be paying for his medical care I mean
that's that's our responsibility it's
just the reason you have insurance is
it's so far beyond what it's possible to
do you know so I guess I don't want to
come off as saying oh we expect someone
else to swoop in and pay for everything
that's not at all what we're but we want
it to be manageable you know something
that we have some hope of
okay
