when talking about the world's 1.6
billion Muslims American presidents are
traditionally very careful to
differentiate between a vast majority
who practiced the religion peacefully
and the small minority who don't there's
nothing in there in Islam that that
condones the kind of brutality that
we've seen our actions today were not
aimed against Islam the faith of
hundreds of millions of good
peace-loving people President Donald
Trump has not continued this tradition
do you think Islam is at war with the
West
I think Islam hates us there's something
there's something there that there's a
tremendous hatred to understand why
Trump is breaking with his predecessors
you have to understand his chief
strategist Steve Bannon before he joined
the Trump campaign ban and ran the
far-right website Breitbart where he
hosted a daily radio show the second
dumbest comment that one of the dumbest
presidents in the history of these
United States that would be Bush 43
shrub as they call him he made the
dumbest being that Islam is a religion
of peace the face of Terror is not the
true faith of Islam Islam is peace if
you listen to bandhans radio show and
watch his speeches you start to get a
sense of how he sees the world
Bannen believes that the US and Western
Europe are in the middle of an
historical struggle against Islam itself
fanon isn't talking about the american
founding fathers he's talking about
european leaders who fought off muslim
conquests in the 8th and 16th centuries
that is the context in which Bannon
approaches policy today this context
also helps us understand famines views
about refugees from the Muslim world in
a 2015 interview Bannon and then
representative Ryan Zink of Montana
discussed Obama's plan to take in 10,000
refugees from Syria we need to put a
stop on the refugees until we can get
why stop until we vet I understand what
do you mean vet - why not just spotted a
lot it's just not right why are you
going through all this thing or vetting
the opportunity cost of pennies
well it betting is important because we
don't know why you know the only vets
not commander you only that if you're
gonna let him in why even let him in to
what end
can't that money be used in the United
States I mean I think the issue is
should we just take a pause and a hiatus
for a number of years on any any influx
from that area of the world vienen seems
to think that Syrian refugees are
incapable of adapting to the American
Way of life these are not Jeffersonian
Democrats these are not people with
thousands of years of understanding
democracy in their DNA coming up here
right before Breitbart Bannen made
documentary films in the outline for one
film which he didn't end up making
Bannon warns of an Islamist takeover of
the United States
the opening scene features the call to
prayer and the star and crescent flying
over the US Capitol building it's pretty
dark here in Europe right now but
there's something actually much darker
and that is Islam
though his current focuses on Muslims
Bannon has expressed a desire to keep
all foreign-born people out of the u.s.
in a 2015 interview he disagreed when
Donald Trump said that we should keep
high-skilled immigrants in the US you
know we have to keep our talented people
in this country I think you agree with
that well I got a tougher you know what
two-thirds or three-quarters of the CEOs
in Silicon Valley are from South Asia
from Asia I think my point is that a
country's more like sessions a country's
more than an economy we're a Civic
Society Bannon is wrong less than 14
percent of Silicon Valley CEOs are Asian
but the fake statistic supports his view
that legal immigrants are just as
problematic if not more than those who
are here illegally isn't the beating
heart of this problem right now the real
beating heart of it of what we got to
get sorted here is not illegal
immigration as horrific as that is and
it's horrific it don't we have a problem
we've looked the other way on this legal
immigration that's kind of overwhelmed
the country when you look and it's got
61 million in twenty percent of the
country is immigrants the number is
closer to 13 percent but bannon's point
is that immigrants somehow make America
less American he believes they don't
share American values and that even when
they're here legally they take jobs away
from native-born Americans and in this
view Bannon is way out of sync with
mainstream Republicans who along with
business interests like the Chamber of
Commerce have long said they welcome
legal immigrants we're gonna need more
legal immigration immigrants are an
economic engine of vitality for our
country they make things happen
we need to figure out how to have more
legal immigration immigrants are the
lifeblood of our society I think
you're the most dedicated American to
those who come here as immigrants Fannin
blames legal immigrants for what he
described as a bleak economic landscape
for native-born Americans under 30 years
old your children are going to be poor
and your grandchildren are going to be
paupers the only way to stop this from
happening Bannon says is to rise up
against those whom he calls the ruling
political class those who allow
immigration legal and illegal to
continue think about it if the elites
are so good
how did we get in this chance this is
the fourth great crisis in American
history
we had the revolution we had the civil
war we had the Great Depression of World
War two
this is the great forth turning in
American history Benton's views have
already started to influence policy
multiple news outlets have confirmed
that he was behind the executive order
temporarily banning travelers from seven
majority Muslim countries and almost all
refugees from entering the US a federal
judge has temporarily halted the ban but
with the president's ear and a seat on
the National Security Council bannon's
vision of a closed America at war with
Islam will continue to influence policy
you
