Donald Trump's press secretary did
something really weird during his first
White House press conference he walked
out in front of a room full of reporters
look them in the eye and he holds an
obvious lie about the size of Trump
inauguration crowd this was the largest
audience to ever witness an inauguration
purine both in person and around the
globe then he accused the media of lying
above the crowd and walked out without
taking any questions I will see on
Monday a lot of veteran journalists were
floored by what Spyder had done he had
it just lies he lied about something so
silly and obvious on his first day as
press secretary and two days later he
did it again you stand by your sentence
that was the most-watched inaugural my
team dressin sure it was the
most-watched inaugural shirt it wasn't
even the last slide that sponsors pulled
that week the next day he defended Trump
bogus claim that millions that people
voted illegally during the election for
reporters covering the White House the
whole week probably felt like it was
straight out of a spy light zone and it
raised a really tricky journalism
question how do you cover a White House
that isn't afraid of being caught line
look it's not like White House press
briefings are super interesting to begin
with the White House doesn't want to get
caught lying to the public so they're
usually super careful about what they
say at evening I'm in decline a comment
on that specific question and as a
result journalists pay a lot of
attention to what little the White House
does say there is an expectation when
the White House talks it's not just
making stuff up but Trump is different
he and his surrogates have shown
themselves to be really comfortable with
life during the campaign the
fact-checking site PolitiFact caught
Trump lying 249 times and it wasn't just
a campaign thing since being elected
Trump has lied about voter fraud is
fight with the CIA and saving a Ford
factory that he didn't actually save I
talked to Jay Rosen who teaches
journalism at NYU and he sees Spicer's
press conference as a symptom of a much
bigger trump problem it's way beyond a
press secretary willing to stand up and
spout untruths Trump's political style
is an attack on the very idea that we
could have a common world of facts that
we disagree about and whether you think
Trump is doing this on purpose or not it
poses a really big challenge for news
networks because blatantly false
information from the White House is
basically propaganda and journalists
have to treat propaganda differently for
one news networks need to start acting
as a buffer between the White House and
the public not just an uncritical
messenger and CNN actually did a good
job of this during Spicer's first press
conference while MSNBC and Fox News both
ran live feeds the site should comment
in one CNN held off and waited until it
was over to tell viewers that happened
Sean Spicer the White House press
secretary just made a statement where
you are tell our viewers what he said
that may seem minor but it actually made
a big difference
Fox and MSNBC viewers had to wait five
minutes to find out Switzer was lying
and that's only they kept watching after
the press conference
we're on CNN the fact that Spicer lied
was the story this was not obviously the
biggest attendance at an inauguration in
u.s. presidential history to be fair CNN
went back to just live-streaming
expenses comments two days later so you
know a forever another approach would be
to stop thinking
creeping all that seriously Rosen
recommend sending in terms to cover
White House press briefing instead of
seasoned veterans who could be using
their time doing investigative reporting
that's what the more experienced people
should be doing it should be wasting
their time waiting around for a briefing
that's going to contain either no
information or misleading information
the bottom line is news networks are
going to have to start taking government
information with a grain of salt the
government releases a ton of data about
the world about crime health foreign
relations major policy initiatives
journalists under Trump are going has to
get used to triple checking and
independently verifying everything the
government says and if on day one you're
willing to tell two inaccuracies like
that on issues that don't matter that
much you no matter less than when wheel
stuff starts happening that's that's a
concern these changes might sound
obvious than easy but it's actually a
big shift in approach for a lot of
newsrooms you have reporters who have
spent their careers developing contacts
and relationships at the White House and
they now have to accept that the White
House is not a useful source of
information or could even make the
reporting work that's a big change to
accept Rosen refers to it as a grieving
process there's a grieving for a loss
ritual yeah that they have to go through
and they want it to be the same they
want the briefing to be useful they want
to have cordial relationships with Sean
Spicer they wish it could go back to
what it was but it's not going back at
least not for a while we live in a world
where the White House is now a major
purveyor of misinformation believe me
Oh believe me and these networks that
don't change their behavior accordingly
are going to have a really hard time
calling you when their
audiences need to hear it some folks
thanks for watching strikethrough is a
do box video series focusing on media
coverage in the age of Trump or a Sean
Spicer would say the biggest most
impressive video series of all time
period
