is that we're not capable through his
comment
I saw interview from the kinesiology
show when he was telling one of the
walkers one of the women there that she
was pretty and if you D look even free
and she was on her knees committed
sexual assault and admitted it was proud
of it it helps if I have never I still
don't believe it there's the whole pussy
grabbing his comments about grabbing
them in by the genitals absolutely
appalling the pussy grabbing
stop trying to normalize sexual assault
is not normal who treats a woman that
way and he's setting that example for
all the kids that are growing up in
America that it's okay to treat women
the way he treats them which is wrong I
think a lot of people who did what
forums have saw that and decided that it
just didn't matter and that's something
that this much is very much trying to
prove that it does matter we have
someone who's been accused of sexual
assault who was bragged about
inappropriate sexual behavior and we
have still allowed him into most
powerful office in the nation
I teach like dance classes to younger
children and immediately the day after
the election there was a distinct
difference between the girls is attitude
before and after they felt they felt as
if they were not valued here you have
like boys going to school telling girls
you're not worth anything if that is the
way that he experiences men talking
about women and that's the problem and I
think that speaks to what we're here
today to make a statement about like
people shouldn't be talking that way
about women and if they still are and
it's being normalized in American
society then that needs to change
definitely my first march and it's what
called me to action with Trump and his
comments during the election cycle
haven't done any kind of activist work
before this because of the election this
really did force us to say we need to do
more and this was the first opportunity
that we could jump on it I think all of
that made a lot of people who are
politically active a lot of people said
I've never done this before but they've
reached a threshold where they said I
cannot sit still anymore it has become
so abhorrent that I have to stand out
for a little girls at homes and we have
been watching TV and say how can this is
different
I'm gonna listen to her and I'm not
gonna listen to that guy yes we do
matter
