you are according to the FBI more likely
to die as the result of faulty furniture
than by an Islamic terrorist so you
should really be scared of your lazy boy
for a very long time really the only
Muslims that you saw on TV were the
Muslim villain who would scream Allah
Akbar and then blow himself up and then
there was like the good Muslim so you
have that that great movie Body of Lies
you're like oh look it's a Muslim guy
who's good he's like with the CIA no
he's dead
like three minutes into the movie he's
done in the 1980s being Muslim in
America was like being Martian I grew up
in a predominantly Mexican community so
I just told everybody I was Mexican I
didn't really know that much Spanish
I knew like odelay and I just like would
throw that out every once in a while
odelay and people would be like oh
you're obviously Mexican it was very
important that we kept the whole Muslim
and Iranian thing on the down-low as
much as possible I was longing for a way
to express myself spiritually and so I
started reading about Islam I started
reading the Quran the more I read the
more I realized this is what I already
believe I just didn't know there was a
word for it
please welcome back to the program Reza
Reza Aslan Reza Aslan that Reza let me
start with you the hardest part for me
when I'm being interviewed is to tamp
down my astonishment the question at the
bottom of the screen that everyone is
looking at this long promote violence
the thing that's mostly going through my
mind is calm down calm down the justice
system in Muslim countries you don't
think is somehow more primitive or
subjugates women more than in other
countries did you hear what you just
said you said in Muslim countries please
don't generalize about 1.7 billion
people in the world you're a Muslim so
why did you write a book about the
founder of Christianity well to be clear
I am a scholar of religion
with four degrees including one in the
New Testament and fluency in biblical
Greek the Fox News video that one really
touched a nerve I woke up the next day
and realized I had 10,000 new followers
I mean everybody was talking about it I
got a lot of positive comments from
people of Muslims who were saying you
know for the first time okay now we have
proof of how we are being dealt with all
the time this is what it's like to be
Muslim in America the negative stuff
however was much much louder I've got an
entire file folder of just death threats
after about 10 years of being cable
News's favourite Muslim I've come to the
realization that I don't think it's
doing any good bigotry is not a result
of ignorance as a result of fear and
fear is impervious to data fear is
impervious to information the only way
that you're gonna dissipate that fear is
by getting people to know someone that
they're afraid of in this country we
went from overwhelming majorities who
were against same-sex marriage to
overwhelming majorities supporting
same-sex marriage within the span of a
couple of years what changed people's
minds was Will & Grace was Modern Family
was watching people who were gay on
television being you know normal they're
struggling with the same issues that
you're struggling with they are human
beings
and so for the last few years I've
decided that what I'm gonna do is try to
change people's minds through pop
culture through film and television
stories have the power to break through
the walls that separate us into
different ethnicities different cultures
different nationalities different races
different religions because they hit us
at the human level
you
