20 million Americans have gained health
insurance coverage under the Affordable
Care Act more people have health
insurance than ever before it is now
just as common in the United States to
have health insurance as it is to wear a
seatbelt
Obamacare is a crucial part of the
president's legacy but all of that is
about to change
Republicans and president elect Trump
have promised to move incredibly quickly
to repeal the Affordable Care Act and
replace it with something else
immediately repealing and replacing the
disaster known as Obamacare economic
analysis shows that these plans would
leave anywhere from 3 to 21 million
Americans without health insurance
coverage depending on which plan the
Republicans pay Republicans have
attacked Obamacare viciously Obamacare
isn't working and it never will this law
is hurting families in America
and some of the problems they point out
they are real about half of Obamacare
enrollees they say their deductibles are
too high and Obamacare premiums went up
22% last year so will Republicans fix
these problems or are things about to
get a lot worse next Friday
Ezra Klein and I will sit down with
President Obama to discuss his health
care law it will be one of his last
chances to defend his most sweeping
legislative accomplishment just as
Republicans begin the work of
dismantling it our conversation will be
live streamed and we hope that you join
us
you
