if you're living in a house where your
waste water runs into your yard that
means you're out a higher risk for
diseases like cholera for e.coli for
diarrhea so we've heard you have some
water problems here so what's going on
where this is the waste from the house
yeah in over there these are diseases we
typically associate with developing
country settings and not with the
wealthiest country in the world so the
waste just comes out of your house into
your backyard I mean are you afraid
about your kids and grandkids playing
Concordia is a place where infants die
at three times the rate of the
healthiest county in a rich state like
Maryland it's a place where nearly half
the children live in poverty nearly half
the population is obese
a quarter never finished high school
there aren't a lot of job opportunities
and unemployment is higher than the
national average we know a lack of
education and poverty drives down health
outcomes and for this and other reasons
Concordia has become one of the sickest
counties in America so we want to go
down to Concordia and really understand
why do places like this in Central
Louisiana why are they always at the
bottom of these health rankings why are
they struggling so much with their
health what I did hear again and again
was that people really felt forgotten
and left behind by Washington they felt
like their needs weren't being addressed
that their problems weren't being looked
at by anyone the health department I
went to Congress know him there were no
biological reasons why the people here
are less healthy than in any other
County but there were clear political
failures that made them sick if you
compare Concordia to the US over all the
people there are doing worse on pretty
much any health measure or health
indicator you can think of the people in
Concordia have gone through long periods
where they didn't have access to clean
drinking water and they had to have
water tank shipped in by the National
Guard and go to these water tanks every
day and get water so that there
kids wouldn't be sickened by what was
coming out of the top Barbara and her
neighbors they've gone to the mayor Fair
Day they've gone to the mayors of
neighboring towns they've asked local
lawmakers for help they've asked the
health department for help getting their
sewage system fixed and they say no one
will help them and they keep hearing
that local health officials don't have
the money they don't have the budgets to
fix their problem you don't typically
think people are living without the
basic fundamental requirements for
healthy living in the wealthiest country
on the planet so over the last eight
years between 2008 and 2016 Louisiana
had this Republican Governor Bobby
Jindal and Jindal really believed that
in order to grow the economy in
Louisiana he had to cut down on
government so he slashed about 30,000
jobs in the state's workforce he
dismantled and privatized the charity
hospital system which was set up to care
for the poor
he nearly have the staff at the
Department of Children and Family
Services he refused the funding
Obamacare gave two states to expand
Medicaid which would give more people
health insurance governors are hurting
and they don't want a Medicaid expansion
that they're seeing in these House and
Senate bills they really need more
funding and especially Louisiana Jindal
successor John bel Edwards on his second
day in office signed an executive order
that would expand Medicaid finally and
give more people health insurance more
than 300,000 people have signed up in
Louisiana so if Obamacare has repealed
all these people who just got health
insurance they're gonna be in limbo
again in Louisiana I met the medical
director for Central Louisiana and he
oversees public health for Concordia and
some of the other counties with really
poor health outcomes so much funding for
Public Health comes from federal sources
that if there's really a change in
direction and a desire to Ratchet back
federal participation it will affect
maternal and child care reproductive
health nutrition and but when you look
at State Health Rankings they're like
this
Louisiana and if you were in the ICU you
would say it was a flatline I mean you
say the patient's did in his 10 years on
the job his staff has been whittled down
almost in half and that meant firing the
health providers who see patients who
can't afford health care to fill in the
gap Holcomb stepped outside of his role
as medical director and he's now seeing
up to a hundred patients a month this is
an enormously difficult problem because
the black/white disparities of this are
enormous and for hiv/aids also it's like
the prison population three-quarters of
the people are african-american in a
state that has thirty thirty three
percent of African American one of the
really startling things about Concordia
and these other counties with very poor
health outcomes is that there are all
dotted along the Mississippi River and
on the other side you have these grand
antebellum plantation homes just a short
drive from Concordia
I think a lot of the political attention
has been focused on these parts of West
Virginia and then Ohio Pennsylvania the
Rust Belt where people are seeing their
economic prospects dry up and they've
been really affected by trade and
changes in technology and globalization
but in that conversation communities
like Concordia have been completely lost
these are the places that have been
arguably struggling for a much longer
time with more complicated systemic
difficult problems than they didn't get
a shred of attention in this election
campaign well you see the large residual
african-american populations that have
more or less been left behind so they've
been left behind economically they've
been left behind educationally they have
low socioeconomic status and that's your
triangle determines health and so you
have little lots of people in little
triangles little incomes a little
education and status we did see a state
government they dismantled the safety
net and put in policies that benefited
the rich and hurt the poor and we're
looking at a Republican federal
government that has campaigned on
promises to do something very similar if
Donald Trump and the Republican Party
make it on their promises we might see
more communities that have their own
version of a story like Concordia's when
it comes to health
you
