the modern United States is the most
powerful country in human history with
over 800 military bases and 37 percent
of global military spending the US has
become the leader of a vast
interconnected global system that has
helped usher in an era of unprecedented
prosperity and low levels of conflict to
understand America's position in the
world and why hits so pivotal for world
politics as we know it you have to go
back to the country's founding back to
when America wasn't a global power in
any sense of the word
during the first 70 years of its
existence the United States expanded in
both territory and influence in North
America eventually reaching the Pacific
Ocean in a wave of expansionism that
resulted in the wholesale slaughter of
the indigenous people who populated the
continent but early Americans were
deeply divided as to whether the country
should expand beyond the Pacific and
Atlantic oceans this became a major
debate after the Civil War when some
leaders like post-war Secretary of State
Seward argued that America should push
to become a global power Seward
succeeded in pushing a plan to purchase
Alaska from Russia but his attempts to
buy Greenland and Iceland as well as
annex territory in the Caribbean were
all blocked by Congress that's because
some Americans including many on Capitol
Hill had a strong anti imperialist bent
these people worried about America
getting more involved in global politics
as well as having to integrate
populations from quote-unquote inferior
races and this opposition implied major
checks on the imperialist urge to expand
but something was happening in the late
1800s that would change the debate about
American expansionism the Industrial
Revolution produced explosive economic
growth and the bigger US economy
required a more centralized state and
bureaucracy to manage the growing
economy power became concentrated in the
federal government making it easier for
expansionist presidents like William
McKinley to unilaterally push American
influence abroad the key turning point
came in 1898 when President McKinley
dragged the country into war with Spain
over Cuba despite some intense domestic
opposition the rising United States
easily defeated the moribund Spanish
Empire acquiring Puerto Rico Guam and
the Philippines in the process over the
next two years the US would annex the
Kingdom of Hawaii Wake Island and
American Samoa a few years later the
u.s. to control the Panama Canal Zone
and send troops to occupy the Dominican
Republic it also purchased the American
Virgin Islands
this period of rapid acquisition of
far-flung territories put the US on the
map as a truly global power during this
time America also began using its
influence to protect its growing
commercial and military interests abroad
installing pro-american regimes in
places like Nicaragua and playing a
major role in international diplomacy
regarding the Western presence in China
World War one showed just how much
America's influence had grown not only
was American intervention a decisive
factor in the wars end but President
Wilson attended the Paris Peace
Conference which ended the war and
attempted to set the terms of the peace
he spearheaded America's most ambitious
foreign policy initiative yet an
international organization called the
League of Nations designed to promote
peace and cooperation globally the
league a wholesale effort to remake
global politics showed just how
ambitious American foreign policy had
become the isolationism was still a
major force in the United States
Congress blocked the United States from
joining the League of Nations dooming
Wilson's project during the Great
Depression in the rise of Hitler the US
was much more focused on its own region
than on European affairs ultimately
America's ever-growing entanglements
abroad made it impossible for it to stay
out of global affairs entirely in East
Asia the growing Japanese Empire posed a
direct threat to American possessions
and troops bringing the United States
and Japan into conflict this culminated
in the Pearl Harbor attack bringing the
United States into World War to World
War two would transform America's global
presence forever the United States was
the only major power to avoid economic
ruin during the war and it was the sole
country equipped with the Tomic weapons
as such it was in a unique position to
set the terms of the peace and with the
aim of preventing another war in mind it
took advantage the most famous example
of this is the creation of the United
Nations the UN Charter set up a system
of international law prohibiting wars of
conquest like the ones waged by the
Nazis in the Japanese it also served as
a forum in which the international
community could weigh in on disputes and
help resolve them this way the Americans
hoped great powers could resolve their
differences through compromise and law
rather than war
but while the UN is the most famous of
the post-war institutions it isn't the
only one 730 delegates from all 44
allied nations came together in a small
vacation haven in New Hampshire their
goal to establish a global financial
system that would prevent another Great
Depression and World War the resulting
agreement called the Bretton Woods
Agreement ultimately came the backbone
of the global financial system resulting
in the World Bank and the International
Monetary Fund by creating these
institutions the United States committed
itself to being deeply involved in the
world's problems the issue though is
that the world's second largest power
the Soviet Union saw things differently
World War two had made allies out of the
Democratic West and communist East and
the fight against Hitler but that
couldn't last the United States saw
Soviet expansion Eastern Europe and
elsewhere as a direct threat to its
vision of a free trading
democratic world to a substantial degree
in one form or another socialism has
spread the shadow of human regimentation
over most of the nations of the earth
and the shadow is encroaching upon our
own Liberty fearful of Soviet intentions
towards Western Europe the US and other
European nations created the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization a military
alliance meant to stop Russia from
invading other countries in Europe
globally the US committed to a strategy
called containment so-called because it
was aimed at containing the spread of
communism everywhere on the globe this
new global struggle meant the u.s. had
to exert influence everywhere all the
time instead of disbanding the massive
military machine created for world war
ii the wheels mostly kept turning this
had two main results first
the u.s. was pulled into unlikely
alliances with countries like Saudi
Arabia Israel in South Korea seeing each
of them as bulwarks against communist
influence in their region secondly the
US began intervening often secretly in
dozens of countries to contain Soviet
influence sometimes this men propping up
sympathetic dictators like in Iran other
times it meant supplying rebels with
arms and money like in Afghanistan in
1979 and Nicaragua in 1985 over the
course of the Cold War the u.s.
intervened in hundreds of disputes
around the globe ending up with a
complicated set of alliances tensions
and relationships in basically every
corner of the earth after the Berlin
Wall fell the US could have withdrawn
from the system severing ties with its
allies and drawing down the size of its
military and while the u.s. did decrease
military spending much of the military
infrastructure and alliances from the
Cold War remained
President George HW Bush and Bill
Clinton decided that it was in both
America and the world's interest for the
United States now the sole superpower on
earth to continue actively managing
global affairs
we should be and we must be peacemakers
NATO created solely as a tool for
countering the Soviet Union stayed
together and even expanded a way of
keeping European nations United in the
absence of the Soviet threat
Washington's support for countries like
Israel and Japan stayed intact
ostensibly as a means of preventing war
in their respective regions the global
system of alliances and institutions
created to keep the peace during the
Cold War became permanent as did the
American military and political
commitments necessary to keep them
running the system remains in operation
today and no leading American politician
since the Cold War's seriously called
for dismantling it except perhaps for
Donald Trump Trump has had contradictory
things about these commitments but he's
consistently argued that American allies
are not paying the us enough for its
protection and questioned the value of
free trade that calls NATO and even the
World Trade Organization into question
at some point we have to say you know
what we're better off if Japan protects
itself against this maniac in North
Korea we're better off frankly if South
Korea is going to start to protected
Saudi Arabia crepin Saudi Arabia
absolutely this is a sharp divergence
from the consensus that has dominated
u.s. foreign policy since 1945 and
something closer to the isolationism
that came before it so will president
Trump act on some of Canada Trump's
ideas and reverse decades worth of
institution building and alliances we'll
find out soon enough
