in 2015 this man Joshua Boyle wrote a
letter to his parents in Canada telling
them his wife Caitlin had just given
birth to a son he wrote that he
delivered the baby himself in the dark
holding a flashlight in his mouth this
was the second time that Caitlin had
given birth while the couple was being
held captive by the Taliban in the
remote mountains of Afghanistan near the
Pakistani border in late August of 2016
the families released a really startling
video videos have come out at different
points showing this couple what was
unique in this video is for the first
time
Caitlin Coleman explicitly said there
have been threats to her entire family
and by implication to her children
willing to kill us willing to kill women
to kill children so why would the
Taliban keep this family alive for so
long it doesn't fit with what we're used
to seeing on the news these barbaric
images of Western hostages killed in the
name of an ideology we often conflate
Taliban al Qaeda Islamic state and we
think that they're all kind of the same
and they're not the Taliban thinks they
can get something out of keeping this
family alive it's a mindset that sets
them apart from other militant groups
and it's key to understanding how they
operate Coleman Boyle and their children
are being held by a Taliban affiliate
group known as the Haqqani network the
Haqqani has got their start in the 1980s
like the Taliban they were part of the
rebel group known as the Mujahideen who
fought against the Soviet Union after it
invaded Afghanistan in 1979 the
Mujahideen was armed and financed by the
CIA that land over there is yours you'll
go back to it one day because your fight
will prevail and you'll have your home's
your mosques back again because your
cause is right and God is on your side
the Mujahideen drove out the Soviets in
then came years of civil war with
Haqqani x' and other groups fighting to
gain power makani's allied themselves
with the Taliban when that group took
control of the capital Kabul in 1996 the
Taliban in the years before 9/11 were
government they had ministries they had
courts they had an army that all
disappeared after 9/11 when we invaded
bombed and basically broke the
government the Taliban had set up in
Afghanistan the Taliban wants to have
that government back they see themselves
at the rightful government of
Afghanistan they want to run Afghanistan
again since the us-led invasion the
Taliban and Haqqanis have worked
together orchestrating kidnappings and
bombings all with the goal of retaking
the country in 2013 the Connie is
negotiated in exchange with the u.s. for
an American service member named Bowe
Bergdahl
whom they captured four years earlier
private first class Bowe Bergdahl was
captured after leaving his base in
Afghanistan for reasons that are still
unclear the US government considered
Bergdahl a prisoner of war rather than a
hostage and secured his freedom by
exchanging five Taliban prisoners who
were held at the US base in Guantanamo
Bay Cuba and with this latest video we
get a glimpse of what the Taliban and
the Haqqani Tsar hoping to get out of
holding Coleman in our family I told
that the Afghan government is executed
from among the prisoners they have taken
of these men and that recently they
handler and our captors are terrified at
the thought of your own mortality
approaching and are saying that they
will take reprisals on our family he's
referencing six Taliban prisoners who
the Afghan government put to death in
May for their roles in a suicide bombing
and when he talks about his captors
being fearful for their own mortality
he's likely talking about an AUSA Connie
the son of the group's founder an Afghan
judge sentenced him to death for helping
raise money for the Haqqani network and
it seems pretty clear what the Haqqani
is in the Taliban want to trade Coleman
Boyle and their family for an AUSA
Connie but in order for that to happen
the US would have to do something it
says it doesn't do negotiate with terror
because although the Afghan Taliban is
not on the US government's list of
terrorist organizations the Haqqani
network is the United States says again
and again and again we do not negotiate
with terrorists there will be no
negotiation with terrorists of any kind
no nation can negotiate with terrorists
we didn't negotiate with terrorists and
that's just empirically false the United
States talks to terror groups all the
time
groups like the Taliban are seen as very
rational groups groups like al-qaeda and
especially the Islamic state are seen
very very differently for Isis taking
hostages is about fear and propaganda if
they capture an American they wouldn't
necessarily want to trade them more
likely they'd want to kill them and
unfortunately they'd want to kill them
in as brutal a fashion as possible the
Taliban and the Haqqani --zz have very
different goals from al Qaeda and the
Islamic state the Taliban and the
Haqqani --zz want to control Afghanistan
unlike Isis and al Qaeda they have no
interest in a worldwide Islamic
caliphate no interest in attacking other
countries no interest in inspiring lone
wolf attacks halfway across the globe
instead they're looking to make a deal
you
