when we talk about gender equality in
the United States there's this one
statistic you see all the time women are
in 79 cents for every dollar men make
and while that statistic is factually
correct there's a lot it doesn't tell
you it simply compares the median wages
of men and women who work full-time it
doesn't tell you how the wage gap plays
out for women with different educational
levels or different ages your work in
different fields and you need that
information if you want to start closing
the wage gap part of the wage gap
reflects the fact that women are
concentrated in lower paying occupations
but to fully understand the issue you
have to look within occupations to back
in 2009 three economists set out to
understand the wage gap by following a
group of MBA graduates from the
University of Chicago's Booth School of
Business they looked at thousands of men
and women who graduated between 1990 and
2006 and their data showed that men had
slightly higher salaries right out of
the gate one year out of Business School
women were making an average salary of a
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars
while men earned a hundred thirty
thousand dollars but nine years out of
business school things looked really
different men were earning an average
salary of four hundred thousand dollars
while women earning sixty percent less
two hundred fifty thousand on average
the gap had widened considerably but
research suggests the gap doesn't stay
that wide that it shrinks as women enter
middle age this chart shows how the wage
gap for college graduates changes as
women age the lower the line the bigger
the wage gap between men and women if
you look at women born in 1973 you can
see the wage gap growing as they go from
their mid 20s to their mid 30s better
than previous generations but heading in
the same direction same thing for women
born in 1968 the pay difference for men
and women continues to grow as they move
from their mid 30s to their mid-40s and
women born in 1948 things started off
the same the gap widens as they get
older but then all of a sudden it starts
shrinking as women approach their 50s
and 60s the difference between men's and
women's salaries actually gets smaller
and smaller which makes sense if you
think about what often happens during a
woman's 20s and 30s
in the Chicago MBA study women with kids
had a wage gap price as large as women
without the truth is that women still
take on a disproportionate share of
child-rearing tests a survey from hew
found that in two-parent households
women did more than men when it came to
managing kids schedules taking care of
them when they're sick and handling the
majority of household chores and that
was a survey where both parents worked
full-time but these additional
responsibilities they seemed to hurt
some women more than others this is a
really key research finding from Claudia
Goldin
an economist at Harvard who is a leading
researcher on the gender wage gap
she shows this by exploring how gender
pay gaps vary in different fields and
this is one of her charts each of the
dots is a different higher paying job
the lower the dot the larger the gender
pay gap and the further to the right the
more the job pays based on the average
income of men in that job these green
dots represent jobs in the tech sector
and for the most part the jobs are
pretty close to the zero line meaning
the difference in pay for men and women
is really small the same is true for
jobs and science the yellow dots but
look at these red dots they represent
jobs in business and they're mostly
clustered towards the middle on the
bottom of the chart meaning they have
some of the largest wage gaps and
there's a fairly simple way to explain
some of these differences some jobs
require really specific hours and others
are more flexible take your prototypical
businesswoman maybe she's a venture
capitalist maybe she's an accountant
either way she has a pretty standard 9
to 5 schedule so she can meet with other
business people or with clients and if
she's not available to her clients when
they need her her bosses won't think
she's doing a good job now compare that
to a scientist who works in a lab most
of her work is self-directed and it
doesn't really matter when she runs her
experiments as long as she gets them
done if she gets her work done her
bosses think she's doing a good job for
the millions of women and jobs that
demand very specific hours the wage gap
is larger than it is for women and jobs
with more flexible hours and there's one
job where we can see this really clearly
in the 1970s women pharmacists earned
about 66 percent of what men did
pharmacies used to be mostly independent
businesses where a single pharmacist
might be responsible for keeping a shop
open whenever
people needed it today most pharmacies
are owned by large chains and they stay
open longer which means they need more
pharmacist women pharmacists now have a
lot more options and a 6 a.m. to 2 p.m.
shift is just as good as a nine-to-five
shift nobody really gets rewarded for
working exceptionally long hours and the
wage gap for pharmacists are shrunk
dramatically today female pharmacists
makes 92 percent of what their male
counterparts do of course we can't all
be pharmacists there will always be jobs
where it's important to work particular
hours but there are also lots of jobs
where ours could potentially become more
flexible than they are right now
and the research tells us that the more
we can make that work the more the wage
gap is going to shrink
