when Donald Trump made his entrance on
the first night of the Republican
National Convention he did it to this
song Queens 1977 hit we are the
champions the band was quick to clarify
that the use of the song was quote
unauthorized and they're not the first
to speak up against Trump using their
music in the past few months Steven
Tyler Adele Neil Young and REM have all
made it clear that they don't want their
music being played at his events and as
far from the first time this argument
has been played out between candidates
and artists Bruce Springsteen complained
about the use of born in the USA by
Reagan in 1984 Bob Dole in 1996 and Pat
Buchanan in 2000 and in 2008 Sam more
from Sam and Dave objected to Barack
Obama using the song hold on uncommon
meanwhile John McCain got a whopping
nine complaints from Van Halen Hart
Jackson Browne Bon Jovi Foo Fighters
John Mellencamp John Mellencamp again
Tom Petty and Abba the word gets over
there to Scott home we're using Ava's
music it's gonna be worse nigga us
sweeties relations that was pretty funny
John but how do those rights work
legally speaking Trump would be required
to get a legal license to use the music
but not necessarily from Queen directly
the required permissions are available
from a performing rights organization
called broadcast music Inc today three
performing rights organizations have
licenses for the vast majority of music
published in the US if you run a concert
venue or even a restaurant or bar that
runs background music you can pay a flat
fee to those organizations for the right
to play just about any music you want
but BMI which licenses we are the
champions has slightly different rules
for politicians if they require
campaigns to get something called a
political entities license that license
allows campaigns to play music wherever
they make public appearances but there
is a clause that allows any artist to
ban their songs from being used by a
certain politician if they want to and
that's exactly what Queen is doing right
now with Trump and in dubbed it the same
thing this year the artists
representatives sent a notice to BMI
that they want their songs pulled from
Trump's available catalog and BMI
notified Trump's campaign of the change
after that Trump's campaign as legally
barred from using that music for any
event it's important to note that
securing music for campaign ads
is a separate process that requires the
campaign to contact the song's publisher
and potentially the record label to
negotiate the appropriate licenses and
politicians can get in a lot of trouble
for not going through that process when
charlie crist used the Talking Heads
song wrote to nowhere and an ad
bandleader David Byrne sued for a
million dollars
Kriss paid and undisclosed sum and
posted this apology video to YouTube I
sincerely apologize to David Byrne for
using his famous song and his unique
voice in my campaign advertisement
without his permission but most of the
time lawsuits aren't the end goal
musician complaints like this are
usually just to send a political message
and in a majority of cases the
politicians actually due respect
requests for musicians to stop using the
music by using legal pathways to get
their songs pulled from events while
making news for doing it Queen and Adele
might be setting a new precedent but hey
if Trump needs any song recommendations
he's gotten endorsements from Ted Nugent
and Wayne Newton and Kid Rock so maybe
he can start from there so of course
there are other ways that musicians can
make their political beliefs known to
their fans at the Republican National
Convention the band Third Eye Blind
trolled everybody who showed up to their
concert they didn't play any of the
major hits they criticized the GOP
platform and they even asked the crowd
at one point who here believes in
science
