thank you for subscribing to Vox there
are a million of you this is insane I
cannot believe that and we all just
wanted to thank you so much by
recommending some other YouTube channels
that you should definitely subscribe to
I'm Joe I make some videos and I help
lead the team and I think you should
watch skunk bear they're part of NPR
they make incredible science videos in
the most creative unique strange way you
can imagine I'm Johnny I make videos
about international stuff I recently
discovered a YouTube channel called the
you suck at cooking what I love about
this channel is the guy really really is
good at it
but he doesn't take it too seriously
kind of mocks the idea of being really
into cooking so when this wine up and
just give it a nice firm stray damn it
see I went too hard and I got black
beans
hi I'm Joss I make videos about science
and sometimes other things I'd like to
recommend the YouTube channel of John
boys it's probably the best kept secret
on YouTube John is a writer for SD
nation but he's also been making this
video series called pretty good and
they're extremely well-researched
hilarious videos about sports and
culture and I think you guys would love
them I never posted on this forum I
don't know any of these people but it's
a story I have to talk about it is the
dumbest internet fight I have ever seen
my name is Deon I'm a video producer and
an animator for Observatory the YouTube
channel that I recommend is called this
grin line it has a very beautiful
collection of French cookies and
cupcakes hi my name is Phil Edwards I
make videos about history and culture
and other weird stuff one of my favorite
YouTube channels is objectivity and what
they do is they give you a tour through
the archives of the Royal Society in
London my name is Estelle and I'm a pop
culture video maker for voxcom I want to
recommend one of my favorite YouTube
channels which is ironically called is
this how you go viral it's run by a guy
named Adam Schleich horn and basically
what he does is
Masha's of classic TV shows usually for
kids and classic hip-hop songs
they're all super hilarious they'll all
make your day and they are completely
useless sup my name is Carlos I'm a
video producer at box comm a channel
that I think you guys should all check
out would be LeBlanc go tech they're all
music videos but they're people walking
around town it's beautiful scenes really
really great music really really great
cinematography my name is Matt Tina and
I'm a video producer here at voxcom
please go and subscribe to my friends
over at Democracy Now
Amy Goodman our team do an amazing job
every day of an independent news
broadcast
i'm matt free i'm an executive producer
of video here at box and the channel i
want to recommend is called deep look
from KQED and it's a series about macro
photography and they take really small
science stories and make them really big
i'm liz and i produce 2016 ish a show
about the election i am such a huge fan
Franchesca ramses youtube channel
following her gives you insight into a
world that's very important and into
issues that you've probably never
thought about it'll make you wait
smarter hi my name is liz Shelton's i
make videos for voxcom
about politics social science nutrition
health animals food you name it and I
would like to endorse the Center for
Investigative Reporting reveal channel
on YouTube they do incredible
investigative documentary work they
really hold public officials accountable
and I think you guys are really gonna
like them I'm doing Peterson I work here
at Vox on the show 2016 ish with Liz
plank so there's one channel that I
subscribe to that I recommend to all my
friends that's a bit of a hard
recommendation but it's called allen
tutorial it started with like a normal
tutorial and then over the years that
kind of slowly devolved into this like
odd fever dream nightmare okay bye guys
thanks for watching our tutorial hi
everybody I'm Christoph I do videos
about a little bit of everything if
you're a big fan of the weird part of
YouTube as I am you'll really like Bill
Wirtz my favorite thing that he's done
is this incredible history of Japan so
the Mongols came over ready for war and
died in a tornado but they tried again
and had an
nice time fighting with the Japanese but
then died in a tornado hey y'all my name
is Gina I make videos here at voxcom you
should totally check out Yale courses on
YouTube they have a bunch of different
classes like chemistry astrophysics
English poetry some of them even have
syllabi and transcripts so plus and I in
focus thank you guys for subscribing to
box keep commenting keep asking
questions keep giving us your
suggestions we really appreciate you
checking out our stuff that good that's
good yeah okay cool
