we had it from January 21st 1976 to
October 24th 2003 we had a commercial
supersonic passenger plane called
Concorde today it takes seven hours to
fly from New York to London on the
Concorde it took about three hours and
30 minutes just under three hours if it
was record time a journey that would
have taken the Titanic 137 hours had
become just barely long enough to watch
Titanic while crossing the Atlantic the
Concorde came to represent class style
in the miracle of engineering here's a
normal plane landing and here's the
Concorde landing which one are you
looking at with Concorde we all looked
up and pointed and then in 2003 it
stopped
we had commercial supersonic flight and
just let it go why why did the Concorde
become a museum exhibit this is the
Smithsonian's Concorde and the curator
who got it flew on it too I did see you
know the color of the sky it's it's a
thousand feet is this most gorgeous deep
deep purple how did a breakthrough
become a piece of memorabilia the answer
says something about how innovation
really sticks and it's complicated I've
got a personal interest in the FFT and
I'd like to tell you about it SS T
equals supersonic transport any
transportation that's faster than the
speed of sound it became a dream after
Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in
1947 and a technological race in the
1950s and 1960s combined Cold War
competition with a classic mid-century
faith in engineering Americans Russians
and the British and French governments
dumped hundreds of millions of dollars
into supersonic R&D think rooms full of
engineers in short sleeves and ties the
event Seattle based Boeing won the
American design contract in 1967 that's
where a certain basketball team got its
original name
the development stopped after a 1971
funding cut Russia's effort the tupolev
tu-144 flew but he was grounded after an
extraordinarily spotty record over just
fifty five flights but there was a
winner the paper da jetliner conceived
jointly by Britain and France to shrink
the world and cut air journey times in
half from the beginning Concorde was a
marvel of design it wasn't designed with
computers but through math and trial and
error they had to innovate constantly to
make a supersonic passenger plane
possible the airplane need to be very
long and narrow to go supersonically
comfortably and the paint was twice as
reflective as other jets just to
compensate for the heat from air
friction cause you're traveling at Mach
to twice the speed of sound even though
you're at 60,000 feet the airframe would
actually heat up dramatically
so I actually you know touch the window
it wasn't warm it was hot fuel flowed
around the plane during flight to adjust
its center of gravity for takeoff
cruising and landing so these pumps are
working the whole flight but we can't
tell but it was the beautiful wing that
distinguished the Concorde for its
greatest fans it's a delta wing what's
called an oak i hold delta wing because
of its unique shape delta because it was
triangular like the Greek delta o gavel
to reference its curve the delta wing
helped the Concorde get lift at takeoff
and limit drag while in flight the rest
of the plane compensated the one
compromise in it required the aircraft
to have a very high angle of attack on
takeoff and landing since pilots
couldn't see out of the plane because of
Ingold landing engineers put together a
solution the Concorde featured a group's
new droop snoot yeah the snoot would
group the snoot Ruth the reason being
that it was a delta wing design and they
had a very high angle of attack on
landing so in order to see they were
able to lower the nose
he flew at Mach 2 more than 1300 miles
an hour faster than the Earth spins um
you couldn't tell the only way you knew
you could you're doing Mach 2 was that
they had a Mach meter up on the bulkhead
and everybody was focused on that
because it would creep up and Susan wet
Mach want everybody break out into
applause to minimize drag it's soared so
high you could see the Earth's curve the
Concorde defined the glamour of high
speed flight now this is a very
important part of the 70s wardrobe which
washable get the - where's in hot
climate and it had the admiration of
celebrities like sting
it was a stratospheric cocktail party
normally people complain about how bad
the airline food is I will attest in
this case that was not true this is one
of the best meals I ever had it worked
beautifully you know a normal French
meal takes two and a half three hours
well by the time dinner was over we were
here so what went wrong on July 25th
2000 the Concorde punctured attire
during takeoff for Air France flight 45
90 139 the failure happened shortly
after takeoff it was due to a problem
specific to Concorde tires the plane was
grounded until November of 2001 by that
time the September 11th attacks had
already depressed the industry but while
both tragedies did affect Concorde there
only a couple of pieces of the
fundamental challenges for the plane
noise levels on takeoff were high but
massive super sonic booms had no
comparison in the 60s the air force ran
a test of sonic booms over Oklahoma City
and residents reported hundreds of
damaged windows and noise disturbances
all that meant limiting supersonic
flight to above the ocean there would be
no New York to la Concorde that's part
of what quashed the American supersonic
experiment with Boeing and it limited
demand for supersonic planes from the
beginning noise concerns were paired
with environmental concerns there will
be severe environmental damage to the
ozone layer the planes high flight
pattern made scientists think its
exhaust gas could be more threatening to
the ozone than normal Jets what was
noticeable was that you kept climbing
and climbing and climbing we're finding
much higher than a normal airliner a
massive fleet of supersonic planes
probably would have caused real damage
setting red flags for a supersonic
future fuel requirements also limited
range to transatlantic journeys without
any trains Pacific cash cows it guzzled
enough fuel that price fluctuations
could hit particularly hard with ticket
prices as high as twelve thousand
dollars a seat
that was a significant risk and tickets
had to be expensive since at most only a
hundred twenty passengers could fit on
the plane it couldn't distribute the
price tag that was compounded by the
need for specially qualified crew
members and maintenance that came at a
premium and it was all for a very
demanding crowd there France and um and
British Airways had to position a spare
concorde in New York in case the the
flight back had problems so there's
airplanes sitting on the ground not
making any money just in case because
Concorde passengers expect you all to
walk onto a Concorde where they paid a
lot of money to it none of these factors
stop the Concorde but they all boxed it
in until it had nowhere to go but down
when Air France and British Airways
announced the Conchords closing on April
10th 2003 it wasn't about the past but
the future the manufacturer Airbus
decided supporting Concorde was
impossible in ageing Concorde it's still
at analog controls and a flight engineer
both of which newer planes had lost
would cost too much to upgrade or redo
in a way Conchords economics were
similar to this toy models economics I
got it for 10 bucks because the
manufacturer could distribute the cost
of factory workers tooling and
distribution over thousands of cute'
planes Airbus loves doing the same with
its family of jets even if a flight were
profitable for an airline the airline
couldn't afford a new small batch of
airplanes all the factors that box in
Concorde kept its scale so small it
would be wildly unprofitable to service
rebuild or revive the best option was to
land for good
we like to think breakthroughs on the
end because of disaster with a crash but
they can fall short without disaster
despite a breathtaking way nor a
jaw-dropping droop snoot they have to
come with a business model and supply
system a political resolve in a plan to
expand even as future dreams for
supersonic transport simmer all those
business model questions remain
unanswered
they don't exist unless they make money
some people don't like that idea but
it's a fact of life they are there to
make money and if they're making a
product that doesn't make them money
they'll either stop making it or they'll
go out of business or both you never
know so the flight time to London can
return to a double feature slog but we
lose something with the drudgery
progress slows and we have to wait for
something else to look up at something
worth pointing at
so I have fallen completely in love with
the Concord but it was not that
comfortable of a ride Bob told me that
while the legroom was pretty good the
Headroom was not and neither was the
seat width it was kind of like a coach
seat and you can see that in this video
of sting he looks pretty cramped
especially for sting
you
