if you've kept up with recent trends in
urban music you might have noticed one
genre coming up again and again I'm
talking about grime a British genre
that's slowly making its way over to the
rest of the world
skepta among other grime artists was
recently featured on Drake's more life
and storm Z whose debut album charted at
number one in the United Kingdom is set
to play American festivals this summer
but grime has yet to make its mark
outside of the UK it's often mistaken
for garage dubstep or even hip hop and
two called any of those genres really
dismisses the point grime celebrates a
heritage and sound that's very specific
to inner-city London where it was born
to understand what that represents I
caught up with a leading voice one grime
excuse the pun is quite grimy in the
club and it's just got this raw it's the
most raw form of energy in music that we
have in the UK in that it feels at times
it can feel aggressive Julie a dhenuka
is the London DJ on beats 1 radio and
she's from a family with two of Grymes
biggest names Skepta and Jamie as a
radio presenter she's been bringing
grime to listeners since her early days
on rent FM a london-based station that
played a huge part in the rise of the
genre in the early 2000s it used to be a
pirate radio station that featured early
MCS and those people comprised the old
guard of crime their roots can be traced
back to the UK garage scene that was
heard both at raves and on popular
charts at the time we want to be able to
go into a club and hear music and say
lyrics and not have people stop dancing
we want that vibe to continue a good
example of that is pulse X by the
musical mob often called the first
official grime track the song is at
about 140 beats per minute which is a
favorite tempo for many grime producers
the artists in the u.s. that make hip
hop or encounter that make it off
they couldn't sit on a grime a typical
Granby because it's too fast but how
they would naturally flow so for me a
real distinction there is definitely the
speed apart from the tempo early grime
tracks is something else in common most
of them came out of the neighborhood of
beau London so that was MC Wiley he's
often referred to as The Godfather of
grime and that neighborhood is talking
about the ìiî section of beau that
neighborhood held an all-star roster of
grime talent including grinds for
celebrity emcee was quite young and it
was the first was able to see in the
charts in some way was able to see in a
mainstream way despite the success of
boy in the corner grime largely remained
at underground sound it mostly played at
parties that sometimes ran into trouble
the catalyst the starter of what the
issues were within club nights and
nightlife in London and we had records
like powered by lethal be DJs were not
allowed to play that song anywhere in a
club because it was seen as something I
would say around some kind that
discrimination was later formalized in
the form six nine six it was a
controversial document used by the
London police for risk assessment until
2009 the form required details on the
ethnic makeup of the expected audience
and attendance it just felt quite if it
was patronizing it and it felt like
grandma's beans or penalized and they
were sort of taking precautions to sort
be around the bush and not directly say
that we just
to stop these parts mapping because we
filled up they're dangerous even now
more than a decade later the police
continued to use that form to target
parties but shutting down grime events
hasn't kept the genre from gaining
popularity in 2015 kanye west brought in
the army of emcees including Skepta and
storm Z to the stage of the Brit Awards
for many the performance was a
celebration of grime according to others
the MCS went unnoticed in the shadow of
the American hip-hop star but in the end
the fact that the two worlds came
together at a mainstream event says more
about their similarities and their
differences because I think that's where
the nines get really blurry but one
thing that I think stands so strong
between those two genres of music is the
fact that their lifestyles now they're
they're not just songs that you hear on
the radio or that you can buy from
iTunes like these are actual communities
and lifestyles that people live
