if you've opened a magazine in the past
20 years this is probably a familiar
image it's easy to flip past these ads
and just think hey great stars promoting
a healthy alternative to sugary sodas
and sports drinks awesome there's this
idea that we have to drink milk in order
to be healthy but where did that idea
come from there are plenty of foods with
just as much calcium potassium and
protein individuals can be very healthy
with no dairy consumption at all in fact
a quarter of all Americans can't even
digest milk and researchers have found
drinking lots of milk doesn't help
protect against fractures and yet the
federal dietary guidelines recommend
three servings of dairy a day but why
are dairy industry has become a very
powerful economic force for most of
human history milk was a very small part
of the lives of a very small number
people milk was really a survival
technology for living in cold places
long winters made it difficult to grow
fruits and vegetables around World War
one the US government sent huge amounts
of canned and powdered milk overseas to
fight malnutrition among soldiers and
farmers made huge changes in response
many got rid of their other crops and
animals to focus exclusively on dairy
but when the war ended demand dried up
and the country was left with a whole
bunch of milk it didn't need at this
point farmers and milk processors had
invested way too much time and energy to
shift away from large-scale year-round
milk production so instead of making
less milk they convinced people to drink
more milk education campaigns in public
schools encourage students to drink four
glasses a day and milk producers got a
boost from legislation that created the
National School Lunch Program in 1946
those meals were required to have a
glass of whole milk even with all this
promotion the US still saw huge milk
surpluses in the 1940s and 50s so the
federal government started buying up the
extra milk it sent some of it to schools
some of it to the military and to other
countries as food aid but much of the
surplus set unused in vast underground
storage caves
by the 1980s the government was spending
two billion dollars a year buying up
surplus milk the Reagan administration
in its quest to cut government spending
put a stop to the buying program and
that did not sit well with dairy
producers they convinced Congress to
change the rules so that they could
create something called a dairy checkoff
dairy farmers would pay into the
checkoff with a mandatory fee that fee
would go towards advertising campaigns
aimed at making people buy more milk and
the US Department of Agriculture would
approve all those campaigns those got
milk ads are one example the fees also
pay for partnerships with restaurants
like Domino's Taco Bell and Starbucks to
develop dairy heavy menu items like a
pizza with 40% more cheese all this
means that the USDA the same federal
agency that writes our Dietary
Guidelines is also in charge of a
multi-million dollar ad campaign to try
to get us to eat a cheese pizza where
one piece has two thirds of the day's
maximum recommended amount of saturated
fat and who eats just one piece so if we
know that milk isn't necessary then why
not change the recommendation instead of
milk with every meal why not tell people
to drink water I think it's impossible
at this point in time because the
political forces would not allow for the
dietary recommendations to say anything
about limiting red meat or dairy
consumption the dairy industry gives
millions to politicians who protect
their interest whenever the nutrition
guidelines come up for review every five
year how do we continue to make sure
students have access to appealing and
nutritious dairy products what can we do
to remove policies that are hindering
milk consumption or promote policies
that could enhance milk consumption milk
and other dairy products can be part of
a healthy diet but the idea that they're
essential that's just marketing and it's
not like there's broccoli trade groups
giving money to politicians and running
multi-million dollar ad campaigns if
there were our dinner tables might look
a little different
