when you think of the fight for women's
rights you probably think of pivotal
figures such as Jane Addams susan b
anthony and sinner truth but squarely in
the center of this battle was one tool
that completely changed the game susan b
anthony said that it did more to
emancipate women than anything else in
the world that tool was the bicycle to
understand how you first have to
understand the bicycle craze of the late
1800s by the mid 19th century the
ordinary or penny farthing was the most
common kind of bicycle it was named that
because it's vastly different wheel
sizes resembled the coin currency of the
day a penny and farthing you got it you
may have seen examples of these in
Victorian illustrations or at your local
steampunk Meetup aside from looking
completely ridiculous these bikes were
unwieldy difficult to operate and
actually super dangerous because of the
unstable center of gravity hitting even
the smallest bump in the road could send
a rider over the front in what was
affectionately referred to as a header
they were also difficult for women to
ride it turns out it's virtually
impossible to ride a penny farthing
while wearing the giant hoop skirts that
were in fashion at the time then in 1885
a man came along named john kemp Starly
who said he felt the time had arrived
for solving the problem of the cycle he
released his invention the rover safety
bicycle which was basically the first
incarnation of what we now consider the
modern bicycle it had two 26 inch wheels
a diamond-shaped frame in a rear drive
chain system bikes became smaller safer
and more practical and guess what
America loved them men and women alike
flocked to these noiseless steeds in
droves in 1897 alone over two million
bicycles were sold even though these new
modern bicycle designs were becoming
enormous ly popular and the drop frame
construction did make it safer and
easier to ride biking in a big flowing
skirt still stuck at that time many
women dressed in voluminous skirts with
lots of whips underneath and ruffles and
and that was not practical on a bicycle
the new bicycle craze helped usher in a
rational dress movement among
which advocated moving away from
uncomfortable restrictive dresses
bloomers baggy undergarments that were
more comfortable and practical in hoop
skirts were popular in the 1850s with
the growing popularity of bicycles
though in the late 19th century they
came back with a vengeance and were
adopted by prominent suffragettes at the
time these changes were threatening to
some men though and many viewed women
wearing pants is somehow depraved or
immoral for some reason some men were
not happy with the idea of women wearing
bifurcated garments doctors also chimed
in warning about potential health risks
for female cyclists like depression
heart palpitations as well as something
called bicycle faith which was said to
cause women to become flushed pale and
could result in dark shadows under their
eyes still none of this deterred women
in 1894 after hearing to wealthy Boston
men at $10,000 that a woman couldn't
travel around the globe on a bicycle
annie Londonderry a 5 foot 3 100-pound
housewife that had never ridden a bike
before took on the challenge and with
only a pearl-handled revolver and change
of underwear braved the desert wars and
collisions with pigs on her journey
around the world which she completed in
1895 this mass adoption of bicycles
significantly helped the feminist
movement of the day it changed the modes
of dress and gave women increased
mobility but more importantly it gave
them a sense of autonomy in 1890 just
five years after the introduction of the
safety bicycle the National American
Woman Suffrage Association was formed
with the express purpose of lobbying
state-to-state for women's right to vote
two of its founders susan b anthony and
Elizabeth Cady Stanton are quoted as
saying that woman is writing to suffrage
on the bicycle and that's exactly what
they did in 1920
you
