most people think it's patriotic
gibberish when they hear the most
well-known version of Yankee Doodle
Dandy Yankee Doodle went to town riding
on a pony stuck a feather in his cap and
called it macaroni we've all wondered
why this guy is naming his hat feathers
after pasta but what most people don't
realize is that Yankee Doodle Dandy was
originally a British song making fun of
American doodles that's a word for
simpletons and the macaroni wasn't lunch
this was a macaroni macaroni was a
catch-all term in England for the
scenesters of the time who sat between
the restoration era FOP and the dandy on
the historical timeline of trendy looks
they were called macaronis because when
they left England usually on mommy and
daddy's dime they toured Europe and
brought back this totally amazing new
pasta they discovered in Italy it was
yeah macaroni
so macaroni became the nickname for the
pretentious elites of the 18th century
and their fancy style macaronis didn't
have MacBook Pros but calling them
hipsters of the time isn't far off the
mark
the sad part is that the Americans
wanted to be just like them Americans
like to think of themselves blazing
their own path but they still had a
desire to import customs of elite
society from England that included
fashion and yes they even thought
macaroni was cutting-edge cuisine that's
the joke in Yankee Doodle Dandy not that
they were naming a feather but that they
thought a lame feather in their hat made
them high society macaronis which nobody
should want to be in the first place
during early Revolutionary War battles
the British used the song to mock
Americans but Americans embraced a
chance to throw it back at them so when
the British surrendered at Yorktown the
Marquis de Lafayette taunted them by
playing Yankee Doodle as they walked
away and that secured its place as an
unlikely anthem so you're right to
imagine something patriotic when you
hear Yankee Doodle just make sure you
imagine this when you hear macaroni
some of these macaroni loving Americans
like Thomas Jefferson we're eating
macaroni and cheese we know from a
reverend who ate with Jefferson was
recipe was we know from these papers
that he did dine at the presidents and
there he had a pie called macaroni which
he thought was made of onions or
shallots but some of the explained to
him that it was in fact an Italian dish
and he still didn't like it that much
