so if you've been watching the 2016
campaign you know that Donald Trump has
been saying increasingly extreme things
about Muslim people total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States
but his poll numbers seem to only go up
so I'm in Detroit on the way to Des
Moines to go to a trump rally and talk
to supporters of his my conversations
started pretty much how you'd expect I'm
not one who is a bigot or anything about
that but I will tell you that I think we
need to look much harder at people who
are causing the problems who is that
well radical mother and that radical
Islam well after all the crap that's
going on everywhere it would be great to
have somebody that would of course
people were savvy about what Trump was
doing - first of all I don't think it's
plausible he's gonna get that through
I consider that a marketing ploy but the
issue is that these sentiments easily
slip from the perpetrators of real
crimes to everybody else
the Muslims pose a threat not all
Muslims but you can't tell the good ones
from the bad ones in his thing is put a
pause in until we can figure out a way
to pet the people who are coming in I do
think that we need to put a halt
I don't know I I don't have a racist
bone in my body I'm not I'm not that way
I just think we need to vet people a
little bit better and find out why
they're here the comments weren't really
point into a cult of personality around
Trump they were pointing to pre-existing
fear we want our country back and I
don't appreciate that I have to be not
safe in my own country because there
there are some tenets of their religion
that basically teach that they're going
to kill people who don't believe what
they believe he's trying to secure the
country country needs more security in
it appears that there are a problem so
we have to address it what is it really
fair to say that any Muslims break it
down yeah their problem
it's already said can't help it can't
help but feel that way right now I don't
feel safe that's true these views are
held by many Americans it used to be
that trying to protect against terrorism
and Islamophobia were bipartisan issues
I also want to speak tonight directly to
Muslims throughout the world we respect
your faith it's practiced freely by many
millions of Americans but that seems to
be over and so as there have been more
terror attacks in the news it seems hate
speech is accepted a lot more in the
mainstream media we need to kill them we
need to kill them and there's only one
group that can stop this war the Muslims
themselves Reza be honest so for the
most part of its not a free and open
society for women in those states well
it's not an Iran it's not in Saudi
Arabia it certainly is in Indonesia and
Malaysia it certainly is in Bangladesh
it certainly is in Turkey I mean again
this is the problem is that you're
talking about a religion of
one-and-a-half billion people and
certainly becomes very easy to
just simply paint them all with a single
brush I think the thing that became most
clear to me talking to the Trump
supporters was that it really is not
Trump Rand Paul just said the same thing
but didn't he said it different words he
said we're gonna stop 34 countries it's
the same thing
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz also called for
accepting refugees from Syria only if
they're Christian Christians who are
being targeted for genocide for
persecution Christians who are being
beheaded or crucified we should be
providing safe haven to them if there
are even a few bad apples out of a
billion that amounts to quite a few
people
it's the Muslims that are killing
Americans right now isn't this culture
of Islamophobia it really does do harm
there really are more hate crimes now
than there were certainly before 9/11
days after the Charlie Hebdo attack in
Paris a man in Chapel Hill shot three
Muslim students to death Dean you sir
both bought me my first Carolina that
dentistry school sweater and there has
been a wave of threats and violence
since November's terror attacks
demonstrators carrying long rifles
gathered at a North Texas mosque again
today a customer questioned the driver's
heritage before shooting he was called a
member of Isis before being shot in the
face according to the FBI most terror
attacks in America were not carried out
by Muslims but Muslims are the number
one victims of Isis terror and so Muslim
views of Isis are overwhelmingly
negative and Islamophobia in the u.s.
does function as a recruitment tool for
extremists
still there are a shocking number of
Americans who support Trump's
Islamophobic proposals I don't think
it's a coalition large enough to win an
election but it's a reminder that our
country as many times had a political
coalition plenty large enough to
subjugate groups who are quote unquote
different Franklin Delano Roosevelt was
elected four terms as president in the
United States
four terms people absolutely love World
War two he gathered up all the Japanese
and put them in camps do you think that
was a good thing yep ticket he did what
he thought was best for protect the
United States and that's all prop is
suggesting the idea that anyone would
defend the Japanese internment is a good
reminder that the consensus against
things like bans on Muslim travel is
much more fragile than many realize the
legislation that I am about to sign
provides for a restitution payment to
each of the 60,000 surviving
japanese-americans of the hundred and
twenty thousand who were relocated or
detained he had no payment can make up
for those Lost years we've targeted
groups like this again and again no we
can't just laugh this off the
establishment media just thanks guys a
joke well he's not a joke he says what
people think we're no one else Dan he's
not politically correct he's gonna close
a border that's what people want they
want to be protected they want to feel
safe
that's why
