you might have seen some of these
colorized photos on the Internet Mark
Twain Amelia Earhart a young Charlie
Chaplin it's incredible how normal these
people look because they're no longer in
black and white either someone you could
pass by on the street and not someone
unreachable they're from another time
what I love about these photos is that
they show people and moments in history
that have never been seen in color
except by those who are actually there
I've talked to several artists who do
this work to try to figure out what it
is about adding color to photos that
seems to make years of separation fade
away one of those artists is Jordan
Lloyd and he actually does this for a
living he and his small london-based
team at the namma chrome used modern
technology to digitally reconstruct
histories black and white record when
you mix in the color you're kind of
looking at the entire composition as a
whole
whereas when when we add the color you
start looking at the photographs in a
slightly different way you start picking
up all these really interesting details
that you might not notice before this
change in perspective is why these
images feel like they've suddenly come
to life like when you see workers from
over 80 years ago wearing blue denim you
instantly see something you can relate
to colorization makes old photos look
more current but adding color to black
and white photos isn't new it's a
practice that's nearly as old as
photography itself it dates back to the
1800s when images were colored by hand
or through a process called photo chrome
which added anyway from 6 to 15 layers
of color to a photo negative these
didn't exactly end up looking super
realistic at least not like this for
example with digital colorization the
difference is that software like
Photoshop along with a vast number of
online resources has made it possible
for artists to reconstruct images with
far more accuracy they can turn to
historical documents to find the exact
colors that would recreate a moment in
time it sounds simple right
the conversation is wealth of
information it's just look it means
digging through Diaries and memoirs
government records old advertisements
and even consulting historical experts
to be sure that the colors and styles of
the time are faithfully represented good
colorize
network of people to call : we had one
guy he's like a specialist at
ethnographic dress you show me like
Museum great samples and you know you
lives and breathe this stuff so like
every single little detail like you know
like the color of beads or like a
laplander necklace or something you know
really this has got to be the exactly
take this photo series of Tutankhamun's
tomb which was discovered by Howard
Carter in 1922 Jordan colorized these
images based on the archaeologists
detailed handwritten notes and by
cross-referencing his journals with
restored artifacts on display at the
Egyptian Museum in Cairo he was able to
recreate what that day looked like
almost a hundred years ago research like
this allows colorizer x' to stay true to
the historical moment and sometimes a
single photograph can reveal a thing or
two about the past like did you know
that until the late 60s 7-ups logo was
red on black instead of the green we
know today that's really important to
know if you want to colorize this photo
from 1938 and if you wanted to recreate
this day in Paris in 1888 you would need
to know that the incomplete Eiffel Tower
was painted a color called Venetian red
alright so how do they actually do it
essentially it's literally taking a
graphics tablet okay obviously isn't
actually that simple it all starts with
the careful repairing of any cracks and
scratches the black and white photo
picked up through decades of
deterioration and storage once the image
has been restored to its original state
dozens and up to hundreds of layers of
color are painstakingly added and
blended together
human skin alone can have up to 20
layers of pinks yellows greens reds and
blues to simulate what a living person
is supposed to look like it can take
hours even days to finish a single image
the longer an image what comes next is
pretty interesting because even after
meticulous research restoration and
blending of colors there's something
that every good colorization artist
needs to have an intuitive understanding
of how light works in the atmosphere
light affects our perception of color so
even though research can give you the
color information you'll need to take
into account how those colors look under
specific lighting condition
but how can you tell you can usually
tell what the atmospheric conditions
were based on things like shadows and
triangulation of light location things
like that for example this photo was
taken in the late afternoon look at the
long shadows the people are casting in
the sidewalk the Sun is low and at this
time of day often referred to as the
Golden Hour
everything is cast in a sort of orange
glow which you can see in the
reflections of this car or take a look
at this photo of Harry Houdini from 1912
the cloudy and hazy sky the soft almost
invisible shadows and Houdini's
windswept hair are all strong indicators
that this was a dreary day at the New
York docks which calls for muted colors
and a greenish tint but weather
conditions aren't the only thing to
consider reflected light off of certain
materials influences color - like the
orange glow of molten steel or light
bouncing up from a blue carpet for
example these kinds of details are
critical to simulating an environment
and achieving true photo realism I
should take a second here to mention
that not everyone is into the work
colorization artists are doing there's
been some pushback with critics arguing
that these photos should be left
untouched there's a lot of accusations
not just to me but to pretty much anyone
who does it which is that you know
vandalizing art or up history
understand about that is that these
things are not supposed to be
substitutes for original documents it
sits alongside the original but it's not
a substitute it's a supplement
colorization artists are able to create
such high-quality versions of old images
because institutions like the Library of
Congress and the US National Archive
have carefully digitized and catalogs
thousands of original documents from
over a century and a half of
photographic history and since these
photos are in the public domain they can
be altered in any way which means a we
get to see a color photo of Abraham
Lincoln blue eyes and all beyond the
fact that these are really fun to look
at colorization presents a new
perspective on history it offers a more
relatable look at huge moments like the
construction of the Hoover Dam and small
ones - you find out all these amazing
stories when you start looking at all
the individual things what happened to
all those companies what happened to
this person what happened here and
all of the sudden you no longer see
history as a linear timeline rather it's
a tapestry of all these extremely rich
moments it's really mind-blowing
actually thanks to the artists that
helped me with this piece mass Dana
Patti marina there's links to more of
their amazing work in the description of
this video and keep an eye out for a
book of colorized photos that Jordan's
been working on called the paper time
machine there's a link for that too
