the first nude movies were published in
1887 they were really unlikely for one
it was a technical challenge film wasn't
available yet so movies were made by
arranging frames in steel plates cameras
were heavy cumbersome hard to use
society was just as big of an obstacle
these images appeared in a decade when
censorship groups like the Society for
the suppression of Vice were on the rise
they said art with anything risque
should be thrown into the fire it was
the Victorian era people like Anthony
Comstock in New York and Josiah Leeds in
Philadelphia were leaving these
anti-vice Crusades that's Sara Corden
she wrote a book about the photographer
behind that first nude series he was in
English eccentric named Eadweard
Muybridge a unique rule-breaking
murderer who you'll see naked in 204
seconds with Eadweard Muybridge nothing
is ever simple so he actually changed
his name a couple of times he was born
edward Muggeridge he changed at first to
Edward my grid then Muybridge finally on
his gravestone it says Edward May Bridge
born in London he emigrated to New York
and then San Francisco where he
photographed the American West in
stitched panoramas of his new city a
hundred and thirty-four years before
your iPhone could do it and what it does
is astounding he was weird
he didn't dress how you know people
thought he should be dressing he had the
long beard he would wear these strange
hats one of his colleagues described him
bringing cheese maggots to lunch these
are cheese maggots but he had bigger
problems than lunch in 1874 in
California he discovered at one point
that the Sun that he thought was his was
not actually his and he picked up a gun
took a ferry up to the yellowjacket mine
which was north of
Cisco and shot his wife's lover dead he
was a quitting
think he was the last person acquitted
on the basis that his rage and his
murder was a natural response to the
incident but his mastery of technology
helped him overcome his unique
personality before the whole murder
thing in 1872 the railroad tycoon leland
stanford yep that stanford commission
Muybridge to help settle a bet did all
four of a horse's legs leave the ground
in a gallop Muybridge built a fast
shooting camera to take many pictures in
succession it was essentially an early
version of what we call movies his
success led him to tour the world with
his images using incredible tools like
his OA practice scope which projected
images from spinning discs we returned
to America he had his most ambitious
project yet he'd photographed a horse
running now he decided to photograph
everything else animal locomotion was
the culmination of Muybridge ah's
photographic motion studies a massive
781 play collection of photographs
required facilities and a crew but
Muybridge landed at Penn and the
ultimate outsider secured an insider's
team they were sort of at the core of
this Philadelphia elite there were
professors of anatomy human and
veterinary anatomy physics engineering
these elites made Muybridge a--'s
photographs feel like science even
though they were artsy and titillating
but Muybridge didn't only convince power
players to let him in the inner circle
he made his work look legitimate - he
built like this shed with the black
background and then in front of it you
strung white string making two by two
inch squares across the grid was a code
for nothing to see here this is science
drawing lines meant he wasn't breaking
rules
interested in how the project on the one
hand was very structured but on the
other hand there all these little
unusual and quirky and in some ways
threatening things that that come out
these great included all members of
society and yes the man himself he did
strip down and perform before the camera
it does seem very unusual for him
because of his personality and because
of how daring and uninhibited he was it
makes sense
Muybridge continued to innovate by
rigging up multiple cameras there was a
lateral view of this motion this person
or animal in motion and then there would
be two other perspectives on the body
there's one plate of man doing flips
he's up in the air and you get this kind
of 360 view of this one moment in time
and a guy he looks like he's floating
his work was a moving portrait of life
as it was lived clothing-optional so I
wouldn't categorize him as a scientist
or an artist I would say he was a he
wasn't a photographer an innovative
photographer with a lot of ambition and
that's how legendarily bizarre guy put
on display with the rest of society
always hid
