there are some things in life that
Canada is just better at
poutine for instance being polite
appreciating Robin sparkles and these
days elections America does something
very weird in its elections the way
elections are supposed to work is voters
choose their politicians but America
politicians often get to choose their
voters the word gerrymandering comes
from Elbridge Gerry he was governor of
Massachusetts from 1810 to 1812 after he
took office his party read you the map
of the state Senate districts in
shockingly partisan manner the aim was
to help his party win as many elections
as possible by creating as many
districts as it could or at least 51
percent of the voters would favor
Gerry's allies that's basically what
gerrymandering is we've got 435
congressional districts in this country
somebody needs to divide them and
amazingly most states let politicians
divide them up the results are totally
predictable you can see how this works
in North Carolina Democrats won fifty
point five percent of the House vote in
2012 but Republicans won nine House
seats to the Democrats four if you want
to see why just look at the map look at
district number four it kind of looks
like two legs running away from this
whole mess
look district nine which is getting
punched in the neck by district five and
kicked in the gut by district 12 and
damn look at district 12 it's like a
little worm wriggling away from North
Carolina these districts may look weird
but they're what political scientists
call efficient they cluster the state's
Democratic voters into a few districts
relieve huge majorities and they spread
the state's Republican voters into more
districts with a slimmer majorities so
in district 12 the Democrat won by
almost 60% no Republican won a district
by more than 30%
that meant they could win more districts
and more House seats in total and that's
what happens when you let politicians
choose or Oto's this is how Canada did
it too but then in the 1960s leaked the
power away from partisan politicians and
gave it to independent Commission's
America could do this too if it wanted
and then we could stop feeling bad about
how much better Canada is
elections and instead feel good that we
get to wear such a nice polite country
as a hat hey I'm Joe I run fox video
thank you so much for watching we wanted
to play this older videos from about a
year ago because I think only a thousand
of our subscribers had seen it so far
now there's two hundred thousand
subscribers and we're just so thankful
for you joining up and we hope you get
your friends to join up to we'll have a
lot more for you in the future if you
love making videos we're actually hiring
so there's a link in the description you
should click that and come join us
