150,000 people are gonna die today and
one of the brutally unfair realities of
life is that where you were born can
dramatically change how and at what age
you die there's a really fascinating
measurement called years of life lost
which measures how many years shy of the
realistic maximum life expectancy people
die so if a person can hope to live to
age 86 but then dies in a car accident
at age 21 those 65 years are considered
lost years of life due to car accidents
it's basically a way to measure why
people are dying early hundreds of
researchers from around the world
collaborated to collect and analyze that
data for each country and the result is
this map it shows the leading cause of
early death in each country for 2013
look at Africa people die early here
mainly because of infectious diseases
like pneumonia malaria and diarrhea
which are easily treated in places with
stronger health infrastructures and
people are dying young in these places
four out of every 10 deaths in these
poor countries are among people under 15
meanwhile in Saudi Arabia
even though half the population is
forbidden to drive traffic accidents are
the number one cause of lost years of
life there's a trend among young guys
who see how crazy they can get on the
road between that and the lack speed
limit enforcement 19 people die every
day on Saudi roads it's the same problem
facing young guys in other neighboring
countries over in Venezuela 25,000
people were killed in homicides last
year making violence the leading cause
of years lost only around 8 percent of
crimes are prosecuted so gang violence
usually goes unchecked it's a similar
situation in neighboring Colombia in
Syria were a bloody conflict rages on
war was the leading cause of lost life
in China a lot of people are dying from
stroke this is actually an indicator of
a major transition in the region as the
economy in China has industrialized and
surged over the past three decades
infectious diseases like the ones we saw
in Africa dropped dramatically due to
better health infrastructure but a
stronger economy means eating more fat
and sugar moving less and breathing a
lot more air pollution plus they're
living longer all of these factors
increase the likelihood of stroke then
there's the wealthier countries where
heart disease is the number one cause of
early death strangely it's actually the
sign of the privilege of old age since
heart disease is generally considered an
age-related disease see in poor
countries the biggest threat is diseases
that kill people early on in life but in
rich countries death typically comes
after a much longer life even if it's
earlier than the life expectancy so the
good news is that over all years of life
loss are decreasing in almost every
category worldwide people are living
longer overall so even though all this
talk about death seems kind of
pressing it's actually really good news
