you probably know what this tastes like
or this or this
if Hey as good as it smell every time
but there are about 10 to 15 million
people in the u.s. with taste and smell
disorders and for them these might not
taste exactly like they're supposed to
people say it feels like eating err
eating a steak might feel like chewing
salty leather mms might feel like
crunchy rocks tofu well tofu might taste
the say but point being there are a lot
of people out there who don't experience
flavours normally there is a hidden
epidemic of this problem in the United
States but needed in the world issues
like this happen for so many different
reasons that it's hard to pinpoint one
cause and you might think you know
whatever it's just taste this is the
kind of thing that movies joke about you
go smell blood but taste and smell
disorders can cause some serious
problems people almost always stop
eating normally they either overeat
because they eventually hope to feel
satisfied or they under eat because
nothing satisfies them and because they
can't taste or smell they run the risk
of consuming a lot of things they
shouldn't rotten food spoiled milk or
even harmful smoking gas I had something
in toaster oven my Dan husband walked in
the house and went what what's burning
you have a fire he plugged it I didn't
smell anything I unless I had turned
around I wouldn't have seen it
fortunately there are rehabilitation
programs that can help cure this there's
no official universally accepted
treatment as of right now and sometimes
the fix is only temporary but when it
does work it can be a huge lifestyle
change and that is a pretty sweet deal
you
