so here's a controversial opinion
pigeons are underrated does each one of
them create an estimated 25 pounds of
shit each year yes can that shit spread
disease yes but the same applies to a
couple of animals that we often share
our beds with and pigeons though they
may seem useless have actually played an
outsized role in world history and in
the history of science if you read the
first chapter of Darwin's book On the
Origin of Species it isn't about the
animals that he famously observed in the
tropics instead he opened his book by
talking about pigeons Darwin noticed how
pigeon fanciers had created a huge
variety of pigeon breeds from a single
species Columbia Livia the rock pigeon
and he used this example of artificial
selection to help communicate his own
game-changing theory of natural
selection by that time rock pigeons had
been domesticated by humans for
thousands of years for food and as pets
it was actually once a status symbol to
build giant birdhouses for pigeons
they're called dove coats and they're
still standing today in many parts of
Europe and Asia that's ultimately why
there are pigeons in American cities
Europeans were fond of them and they
brought them here and until recently
pigeons were seen as useful companions
for instance they were deployed in war
for thousands of years including the
world wars sleek and well-fed pigeons
busy raising families of more flying
messengers for use by troops in the
field they do it a lot of messages
that's Phil Edwards he writes about
history here at Vox
it didn't need power it didn't need
electrical lines all it needed was the
ability to fly and it would carry the
message with it and reliably it would
get home one pigeon saved 200 stranded
American soldiers by delivering a
message during World War one despite
being badly injured in the Second World
War the UK expanded their pigeon Corps
to 250,000 birds and sent parachutes
carrying pigeons into occupied Europe
like a prepaid envelope to solicit
information 32 pigeons ended up winning
a medal for valor the digging metal
scientists haven't quite figured out the
mechanism behind their homing abilities
but some pigeons can be driven hundreds
of miles away and still fly right home
it's a skill that hasn't gone unnoticed
by some criminal elements Brazilian
prison authorities have discovered a new
smuggling scheme used in jails carrier
pigeons are used to deliver drugs and
mobile phones to inmates and it's the
secret to those ceremonial white doves
they're pigeons and they just go home
when they're released during World War
two pigeons were also part of a long
shot project headed by famous
behaviorist BF Skinner and the idea was
that pigeons could be used to guide a
missile toward its target
Skinner found that he could train
pigeons to peck at a target with high
accuracy by rewarding their behavior and
they were able to hit a single street
corner on a map with enough training but
ultimately the army decided not to use
it because there were better advances
and guided missiles and probably because
it was pigeons Skinner kept working with
pigeons for the rest of his career
though they helped him show how
reinforcement could shape even complex
behaviors I will try to pick out some
particular pattern of behavior and make
it a more frequent part of the
repertoire of the bird building on these
ideas a project headed by the Coast
Guard later on tried to use the pecking
behavior to search for people lost at
sea they lived in a little bubble on the
bottom of a helicopter when they were on
these missions what they did was they
pecked when they saw objects floating in
the water and they did really well the
contest was on who would spot the target
first the human observers or the pigeons
they had a an accuracy rate that was
significantly higher than the humans
because they never fell asleep they had
better eyesight and they were simply
more interested in the task of trying to
find things because they believed that
it would give him a reward the program
never moved beyond testing because of
equipment failures and budget cuts but
also our relationship with pigeons
shifted they became widely seen as pests
in fact they're one of the three birds
not protected by federal law and there's
an entire industry dedicated to their
removal the sun's shining bright
everything seems alright
maybe because we have email and drones
and GPS all we want from our animals is
for them to be cute but these little
bastards could guide our missiles I mean
come on
they deserve a little respect we all
murder them all amid laughter and
merriment except for the few we take
home 2x merriment
my pulse will be quickening with each
drop of stricken and we feed to a pigeon
it just takes a smidgen to poison a
pigeon in the park
