let's just be honest when we look across
the street to the Supreme Court and we
see equal justice under law when you
have drug laws so severely disparately
enforced against some groups let's
expecting African Americans for example
there's no difference between black and
white marijuana usage or marijuana sales
in fact but blacks are about 3.7 times
more likely to be arrested for it
African Americans are more likely to
give mandatory minimums more likely
about 13 to get 13 percent longer
sentences and is creating these jagged
disparities in incarceration in my state
blacks are about 13 14 % of the
population they make up over 60% of the
prison population I remember the old
world a majority of people we arrest in
America are nonviolent offenders now
you've got this this disparity in the
rest but that creates disparities that
painfully fall all along the system when
you get arrested for possession with
intent to sell do it at inner-city now
you're within a school zone so now you
have facing even higher mandatory middle
now you're 19 years old with a felony
conviction possession intend to sell in
a school zone forget even all that if
you just have a felony conviction for a
possession
what do you face now thousands of
collateral consequences that will dog
you for the rest of your life you can't
get a Pell Grant you can't get business
licenses you can't get a job you're
hungry can't get food stamps you need to
place to live you can't even get public
housing and what that does is created
within our country concentrated areas we
have massive levels of men being
incarcerated you create a caste system
in which people feel like they there's
no way out and we're not doing anything
as a society like we know we could do
because it's tons of pilot programs that
show if you help people when they are
coming back from a nonviolent offense
that their recidivism rates go
dramatically down if you don't help them
what happens is left with limited
options many people make a decision to
go back into that world of narcotic
sales what's more dangerous to society
someone smoking marijuana in the privacy
of their own home or somebody going 30
miles over the speed limit
Racing down a road and a commute what is
more dangerous to society but yet that
teenager who makes a mistake for doing
things the last three presidents
admitted to doing now they have a felony
conviction because it's more likely
they're gonna get caught and for the
rest of their life they're 29 39 49 59
they're still paying for a mistake they
made as a teenager now that's not the
kind of society that I believe in nor is
it fiscally responsible nor which
undermining their productivity
undermining their ability to take care
of their family this is so wrong that
those conversations that I'm having with
conservatives as well as Democrats are
resonating and so when you have people
like Rand Paul standing up and talking
about racial disparities incarceration
this convergence and understanding of
fiscal conservatives of Christian
conservatives of libertarians it shows
me that this is a time of great hope for
our country and so I'm not gonna
question people's motives this is one of
those issues like the civil rights
movement in 1960s which should pull all
Americans together to say enough is
enough
you
