what greater form of patriotism is there
then the belief that America is not yet
finished you know just this week I was
asked whether I thought the Department
of Justice's Ferguson report shows that
with respect to race little has changed
in this country and I understood the
question the report's narrative was
sadly familiar and evoked the kind of
abuse and disregard for citizens that
spawned the civil rights movement but I
rejected the notion that nothing's
changed what happened in Ferguson may
not be unique but it's no longer endemic
it's no longer sanctioned by law or by
custom and before the civil rights
movement it most surely was we do a
disservice to the cause of justice by an
intimating that bias and discrimination
are immutable that racial division is
inherent in America if you think
nothing's changed in the past 50 years
as somebody who lived through the Selma
or Chicago or Los Angeles of the 1950s
ask the female CEO who once might have
been assigned to the secretarial pool if
nothing's changed ask your gay friend if
it's easier to be out and proud in
America now than it was 30 years ago to
deny this progress this hard-won
progress our progress would be to rob us
of our own agency our own capacity our
responsibility to do what we can to make
America better of course the more common
mistake is to suggest that Ferguson is a
isolated incident that racism is
banished that the work that drew men and
women to Selma is now complete and that
whatever racial tensions remain are a
consequence of those seeking to play the
race card for their own purposes we
don't need a Ferguson report to know
that's not true
we just need to open our eyes and our
ears and our hearts to know that this
nation's racial history still casts its
long shadow upon us we know the March is
not yet over
we know the race is not yet won
we know that reaching that blessed
destination where we are judged all of
us by the content of our character
requires admitting as much facing up to
the truth
and with effort we can protect the
foundation stone of our democracy for
which so many marched across this bridge
and that is the right to vote right now
in 2015
fifty years after some there are laws
across this country designed to make it
harder for people to vote as we speak
more such laws are being proposed
meanwhile the Voting Rights Act the
culmination of so much blood so much
sweat and tears the product of so much
sacrifice in the face of wanton violence
the Voting Rights Act Stan's weakened
its future subject to political rancor
how can that be the Voting Rights Act
was one of the crowning achievements of
our democracy the result of Republican
and Democratic efforts President Reagan
signed its renewal when he was in office
President George W Bush signed its
renewal when he was in office 100
members of Congress have come here today
to honor people who are willing to die
for the right to protect it if we want
to honor this day let that hundred go
back to Washington and gather 400 more
and together pledge to make it their
mission to restore that law this year
that's how we honor those on this bridge
of course our democracy is not the task
of Congress alone or the courts alone or
even the president alone if every new
voter suppression law was struck down
today we would still have here in
America one of the lowest voting rates
among free peoples 50 years ago
registering to vote here in Selma and
much of the South man guessing the
number of jellybeans in a jar the number
of bubbles on a bar of soap it meant
risking your dignity and sometimes your
life what's our excuse today for not
voting how do we so casually discard the
right for which so many how do we
so fully give away our power our voice
in shaping America's future
fella marches so much has changed in 50
years we have endured war and we
fashions peace we've seen technological
wonders that touch every aspect of our
lives we take for granted conveniences
that our parents could have scarcely
imagined but what has not changed is the
imperative of citizenship that
willingness of a 26-year old deacon or a
Unitarian minister or a young mother of
five to decide they love this country so
much that they'd risk everything to
realize its promise that's what it means
to love America that's what it means to
believe in America that's what it means
when we say America is exceptional for
we were born of change we broke the old
aristocracies declaring ourselves
entitled not by bloodline but endowed by
our creator with certain inalienable
rights we secured our rights and
responsibilities to a system of
self-government of and By and For the
People
that's why we argue and fight with so
much passion and conviction because we
know our efforts matter we know America
is what we make of it look at our
history we are Lewis and Clark and
Sacagawea pioneers who braved the
unfamiliar followed by a stampede of
farmers and miners and entrepreneurs and
huxter's that's our spirit that's who we
are
we're Sojourner Truth and Fannie Lou
Hamer women who could do as much as any
man and then some and we're susan b
anthony who shipped the system until the
law reflected that truth that is our
character we're the immigrants who
stowed away on ships to reach these
shores the huddled masses yearning to
breathe free Holocaust survivors
Soviet defectors The Lost Boys of Sudan
we're the hopeless drivers who cross the
Rio Grande because we want our kids to
know a better life that's how we came to
be we're the slaves who built the White
House and the economy of the south
we're the ranch hands and cowboys who
opened up the West the countless
laborers who laid rail and raised
skyscrapers and organized for workers
rights we're the fresh-faced GIS who
fought to liberate a continent and were
the Tuskegee Airmen and the Navajo code
talkers and the japanese-americans who
fought for this country even as their
own Liberty had been denied we're the
firefighters who rushed into those
buildings on 9/11 the volunteers who
signed up to fight in Afghanistan and
Iraq we're the gay Americans whose blood
ran in the streets of San Francisco in
New York just as blood ran down this
bridge we are storytellers writers poets
artists who a bore on fairness and
despise hypocrisy and give voice to the
voiceless and tell truths that need to
be told
we're the inventors of gospel and jazz
and blues bluegrass and Country and
hip-hop and rock and roll and our very
own sound with all the sweet sorrow on
reckless joy of freedom we are Jackie
Robinson enduring scorn and spiked
cleats and pitches comin straight to his
head and stealing home in the World
Series anyway we are the the people
Langston Hughes wrote of who build our
temples for tomorrow strong as we know
how we are the people Emerson wrote
earth who for truth and honors sake
stand fast and suffer long who are never
tired so long as we can see far enough
that's what America is
