it's a really sort of big picture
question but over the years I've heard a
number of different members of your team
refer to your kind of philosophy in
foreign affairs as realism is that is
that a term you would use you know
traditionally a lot of American foreign
policy has been divided into the realist
camp and the idealist camp and you know
so if you're an idealist you're like
Woodrow Wilson and you're out there with
the League of Nations and imagining
everybody holding hands and singing
Kumbaya and imposing these wonderful
rules that everybody's abiding by if
you're a realist then you know you're
supporting dictators who happen to be
our friends and you know you're you're
cutting deals and solely pursuing the
self-interest of our country is narrowly
defined I just don't think that that
describes what a smart foreign policy
should be I think it is realistic for us
to want to use diplomacy for setting up
a rules-based system wherever we can
understanding that it's not always going
to work if we have arms treaties in
place it doesn't mean that you don't
have a stray like North Korea that may
try to do its own thing but you know
you've reduced the number of problems
that you have in the security and
defense challenges that you face if you
can create those norms and you know one
of the great things about American
foreign policy and the post-world War 2
era was we did a pretty good job with
that it wasn't perfect but you know the
UN and the IMF and you know a whole host
of treaties and and rules and norms that
were established really helped to
stabilize the world in ways that it
wouldn't otherwise be now I also think
that if if we were just resorting to
that and we didn't have a realistic view
that they're bad people out there who
were trying to do us harm and we've got
to have the strongest military in the
world and we occasionally have to twist
the arms of countries that
wouldn't do what we need them to do if
it weren't for the the various economic
or diplomatic or in some cases military
leverage that we had you know if we
didn't have that dose of realism we want
to get anything done either so what what
I what I do think is accurate in
describing my foreign policy is a strong
belief that we don't have military
solutions to every problem in the 21st
century we don't have a peer in terms of
a state that's going to attack us and
made us you know the closest we have I
was is Russia with its nuclear arsenal
but generally speaking they can't
project the way we can around the world
China can't either we spend more on our
military than the next ten countries
combined the biggest challenge that we
have right now is disorder failed States
asymmetric threats from terrorist
organizations and what I've been trying
to do is to make sure that over the
course of the last six years and
hopefully the next two we just have more
tools in our toolkit to deal with the
actual problems that we have now and
that we can project into the future
rather than just constantly relying on
the same tools that we used when we were
dealing with Germany and Japan in World
War two ending two wars was important
not because I was under any illusions
that that would mean we wouldn't have
any terrorist threat it does mean though
that by not having a hundred and eighty
thousand people in Iraq and Afghanistan
we can then more strategically deploy
with a smaller footprint Special Forces
trainers partnering that allows us to
get at the actual problem and then frees
us up to be able to send a team to
prevent Ebola to double down on our
investments and things like cyber
security to look at the new threats and
opportunities that are out there and and
that I think has been
the real challenge over the last six to
eight years so in the Middle East where
we're still very much engaged despite
you know that the drawdown from Iraq the
Clinton administration had a policy they
called dual containment of Iraq and Iran
the Bush administration an idea about
prevented war and an idea about kind of
rollback and democracy promotion under
your administration the country is still
very involved in that region I don't
think we have as clear a sense of what
is the sort of strategic goal of that
engagement well partly it's because of
the nature of what's happened in the
Middle East you know I came in with some
very clear theories about what my goals
were gonna be right we were gonna end
the war in Iraq we're gonna prevent Iran
from getting a nuclear weapon trying
diplomacy first we were going to try to
promote increased economic development
in the Muslim countries to deal with
this demographic bulge that was coming
into play we were gonna promote
palestinian-israeli peace talks so there
were all kinds of theories and then the
Arab Spring happened that I don't recall
all the wise men in Washington
anticipating this so this has been this
huge tumultuous change and shift and so
we've had to adapt even as it's
happening in real time to some huge
changes in these societies but if you
look at the basic goals that I've set
making sure that we are maintaining
pressure on terrorist organizations so
that they have limited capacity to carry
out large-scale attacks on the west
increasing our partnering and
cooperation with countries to deal with
that terrorist threat continuing to
prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear
weapon and using the tool of sanctions
to see if we can get a diplomatic
breakthrough there
and continuing to try to move you know
the israeli-palestinian relationship
into a better place while at the same
time helping the region as a whole
integrate itself more effectively into
the world economy so that there's more
opportunity those basic goals still
still hold true what people I think
rightly have been concerned about is is
that the the forces of disorder
sectarianism you know most tragically in
Syria but a lingering elements of that
in Iraq as well the incapacity of
Israelis and Palestinians to get get
together and the continued erosion of
basic state functions in places like
Yemen mean that you know there's more to
worry about there than there might have
been in the under the old order you know
we're kind of going through a passage
that is hard and difficult but we're
managing it in a way that makes sure
that Americans are safe and that our
interests are secured and if we can make
progress in restoring a functioning
multi-sectarian Iraqi government and
we're able to get a diplomatic
breakthrough with Iran then we have the
basis I think for a movement towards
greater stability but this is going to
be a generational challenge in the
Muslim world and in the Middle East that
not only the United States but
everybody's gonna have to deal with and
we're gonna have to have some humility
in recognizing that we don't have the
option of simply invading every country
where disorder breaks out and that to
some degree the people of these
countries are going to have to you know
find their own way you know we can help
them but we can't do it for
it seems to me on that point that
members of your administration often
seem acutely aware of sort of the idea
of limits to American power maybe to a
greater extent than they always feel
comfortable articulating publicly or is
it is it difficult to say in the
political and media system that there
are things you can't really do Oh
American leadership in part comes out of
our can-do spirit
we're the largest most powerful country
on earth as I said previously in
speeches when problems happen they don't
call Beijing they don't call Moscow they
call us we embrace that responsibility
the the question I think is how that
leadership is exercised my
administration is very aggressive and
internationalist and wading in and
taking on and trying to solve problems
where the issue of limits comes in is
what resources do we devote that are
going to be effective in solving the
problem you know in Iraq when ISIL
arises you know if you think you have no
constraints no limits then I had the
authority as commander-in-chief just
send back 200,000 Americans to reoccupy
Iraq I think that'd be terrible for the
country I don't think it would be
productive for Iraq we could have what
we've learned in Iraq is you can keep a
lid on those sectarian issues as long as
we've got the greatest military on earth
they're on the ground but as soon as we
leave which at some point we would we'd
have the same problems again so what I
said was Iraqis have to show us that
they are prepared to put together a
functioning government that the Shia
majority is prepared to reach out to the
Kurds and the and the Sunnis and that
they're credibly willing to fight on the
ground and if they do those things then
we can help and we're going to have a 60
nation coalition to do it if you look at
that strategy yes it acknowledges limits
it acknowledges that it's a bad idea for
us after 13 years of war to take over a
country again but that doesn't mean
we're not engaged and it doesn't mean
that we're not leading and and so I
think the real challenge for for the
country not just during my presidency
but in future presidencies is
recognizing that leading does not always
mean occupy that the temptation to think
that there's a quick fix to these
problems as usually a temptation to be
resisted and that American leadership
means wherever possible leveraging other
countries other resources where we're
the lead partner because we have
capabilities the other folks don't have
but that way there's some burden sharing
and there's some ownership for outcomes
and many of these problems don't get
solved in a year or two years or three
years I mean the Shia Sunni split in the
Middle East right now is one that has
been playing itself out over centuries
we have the opportunity I think to
lessen those tensions and to lift up
voices that are less prone to exploit
those sectarian divides but yeah we're
not going to eliminate that stuff
overnight the trend towards you know
extremism among a small segment of
Muslim youth in the region you know
that's a trend that's been building up
over a period of time in part because of
broader demographic problems and
economic problems in the region part of
it partly because of a perverted
ideology that's been hyper-charged
through the internet you know that's
winning the hearts and minds of that
cohort back yeah that's a multi-year
project and so in the meantime you you
take the victories where you can you
make things a little bit better red than
a little bit worse and that's not a
that's in no way a concession
to this idea that America is withdrawing
or yeah there's not much we can do it's
just a realistic assessment of how the
world works so you you seem to resist
the realist label earlier but when you
talk about your goals in the Middle East
you seem very concerned about disorder
and you didn't mention anything like
democracy or human rights and well as
you talked about partnering with its
places like Egypt where they came to
power in a military coup Saudi Arabia
with public beheadings crane where
during the Arab Spring you know they
were eating non violent demonstrators
for pressing that very violently do you
have any concerns about the sort of
long-term sustainability of those kind
of partnership well but this is a
perfect example meant of where the
division between realism and idealism
kind of breaks down I think any realist
worth their salt would say that a
society that consistently ignores human
rights and the dignity of its citizens
at some point is going to be unstable
and not a great partner and so it's not
just the right thing to do but it's also
very much in our interest to promote
reforms throughout the Middle East now
you know the fact that we have to make
real-time decisions about who are we
partnering with and how perfectly are
they abiding by our ideals and are there
times where we've got to mute some of
our criticism in order to get some stuff
done are there times where we have an
opportunity to press forward that
doesn't negate the importance of us
speaking out on these issues as I said
during the State of the Union speech and
as I've said in every speech that I've
made in the Middle East or anywhere else
in the world it just means that and
we've got to do more than one thing at a
time now we need a strong bilateral
relationship with China to achieve a
bunch of international goals like
climate change that
are of great national security
importance to us and billions other
people that doesn't mean it's not smart
for us to also speak out about
censorship and political prisoners in
China we have to do both those things
and there going to be some times where
they come a little more to the fore than
at other times and the same is true in
the Middle East and elsewhere but I am a
firm believer that particularly in this
modern Internet age the capacity of the
old-style authoritarian government to
sustain itself and to thrive Minoo just
is gonna continue to weaken that it's
going to continue to crumble that model
and that in my argument to any partner
that we have is that you are better off
if you've got a strong civil society and
you've got democratic legitimacy and you
are respectful of human rights that's
how you're gonna attract businesses
that's how you're gonna have a strong
workforce that's how ultimately you've
got a more durable not just economy but
also political system but in those
conversations I'm also going to
acknowledge that for a country that say
has no experience in in democracy or as
no functioning civil society or where
the most organized factions are
intolerant religious sects no progress
is going to be happening in steps as
opposed to in one big leap and and
that's I think the the goal of any good
foreign policy is having a vision and
aspirations and ideals but also
recognize the world as it is where it is
and figuring out how do you attack to
the point where things are better than
they were before
that doesn't mean perfect it just means
better and the trajectory of
this planet overall is one towards less
violence more tolerance less strife less
poverty you know I said this before and
I think some folks here in Washington
are like ah he's ignoring the chaos and
all the terrible stuff that's happening
and of course I'm not ignoring it I'm
dealing with it every day that's when I
wake up to each morning I get a thick
book full of death destruction strife
and chaos that's that's that's what I
take one morning - sometimes overstates
the sort of level of alarm people should
have about terrorism and this kind of
chaos as opposed to a longer term
problem of climate change and epidemics
absolutely and you know I don't blame
the media for that it you know what's
the famous saying about local newscasts
right if it if it if it bleeds it leads
right you show crime stories and you
show fires because that's what folks
watch it's all about ratings and the
problems of terrorism and dysfunction
and chaos along with plane crashes and a
few other things that's that's the
equivalent when it comes to covering
International Affairs they're just not
gonna be a lot of interest in a headline
story that we have cut infant mortality
you know by really significant amounts
over the last twenty years or that
extreme poverty has been slashed or that
you know there's been enormous progress
with a program we set up when I first
came in the office to help poor farmers
increase productivity and yields it's
not a sexy story and climate change is
one that is happening at such a broad
scale in such a complex system that it's
a hard story for I think the media to
tell on a day-to-day basis look the
point is this
my first job is to protect the American
people it is entirely legitimate for the
American people to be deeply concerned
when you've got a bunch of violent
vicious zealots who behead people or
randomly shoot a bunch of folks in a in
a deli in Paris and we devote enormous
resources to that and it is right and
appropriate for us to be vigilant and
aggressive in trying to deal with that
the same way that big city mayors got to
cut the crime rate down if he wants that
city to thrive but we also have to
attend to a lot of other issues and we
got to make sure that we're right sizing
our approach so that what we do isn't
counterproductive I would argue that our
invasion of Iraq was counterproductive
to the goal of keeping our country safe
and despite the incredible valour of you
know our troops and and I'm in all of
them every single day when I work with
them you know the strategy that was
crafted in Washington didn't always
match up with the actual threats that
were out there we need to make sure that
we're doing the right things and doing
those well so that we can also deal with
future threats like cyber security or
climate change or different parts of the
world where there are huge opportunities
but before I came into office we had
neglected for quite some time
asia-pacific being a perfect example or
our own backyard the Western Hemisphere
where there's been real progress in
Latin America and we've got the
opportunity to strengthen our
relationships but there are also some
big problems like Central America where
with a relatively modest investment we
could really be making a difference and
and making ourselves safer so there's
been this idea of a pivot
and what does that mean to you in
specific terms a transfer of hard
military resources a transfer of sort of
time on your agenda and the National
Security Council is it something you've
really managed to pull off or does the
Middle East really still have us kind of
sucked in I think it means all the above
look Asia is the fastest growing Reed in
the world the most populous region in
the world and you've got the largest
country in the world China that has
undergone this incredible dramatic
transformation over the last several
decades and how well America does
economically from a security perspective
is going to be linked to our
relationship to that region and so we've
said a we've got to make sure that we've
got a constructive relationship with
China one that is hard-headed enough to
make sure they're not taking advantage
of us but also sends a message to them
that you know we can create a win-win
situation as opposed to a pure
competition that could be dangerous in
order to do that China you've got to
step up and help us under right these
global rules that in fact helped to
facilitate your rise of things like free
trade rules that are fair and you know
maritime rules that don't allow large
countries to bully small ones so that's
one big piece of it a second big piece
of it is making sure that our allies
like Japan and South Korea feel
confident that we're always going to be
there and that our presence is not one
that over time wanes because they're
looking at a really big neighbor next
door and they want to make sure that if
America is their key partner that
America is going to stand with them
through thick and thin then you've got
all these smaller countries or countries
that are developing and they're coming
into their own and the South of
Southeast Asia what we see there is this
enormous hunger for engagement from
America they want to do more business
with us they want to have more defense
cooperation with us and
what we've been able to do over the last
six years is to systematically build
this set of relationships strengthen
trading platforms strengthen security
cooperation you know everything from you
know how we deal with disaster relief so
that if something like what happened the
Philippines happens again other
countries can work more muscley and
we're building resilience to how we're
dealing with deforestation now all these
things are areas where we've made an
enormous investment and there have been
significant payoffs you mentioned the
Philippines and earlier the idea that
there are sort of big gains potentially
to be made when I giving some assistance
to Central America and does it really
make sense to have so much of America's
foreign aid going to a country like
Israel that's quite wealthy when there
are these other Democratic allies and
other regions of the world that seem
maybe more in need of assistance
well our relationship with Israel in
many ways is unique it's our strongest
ally in the region our people-to-people
ties are unmatched and partly because of
world history
the vulnerabilities of a Jewish
population in the midst of a really
hostile neighborhood creates a special
obligation for us to help them I think
the more interesting question is if you
look at our foreign assistance as a tool
in our national security portfolio as
opposed to charity then you combined our
defense budget overall with our
diplomatic budget and our foreign
assistance budget and in that mix
there's a lot more we should be doing
when it comes to helping Honduras and
Guatemala build a effective criminal
justice system effective police and
economic development that creates jobs
so you're saying it would make sense to
reallocate those resources well and part
of the challenge here is just
public awareness you know time and time
again when they do surveys and they ask
people and what proportion of the
federal budget is spent on foreign aid
they'll say you know 25 percent that
they're pretty sure that all their
hard-earned money that they're paying in
taxes is somehow going to other folks
and if we can say you know right now
it's varies between one and two percent
depending on how you define it if we
were to make some strategic investments
in in in countries that really could use
our help
we would then not have to deploy our
military as often and we would be in a
better position to work with other
countries to stamp out violent extremism
then I think people could be persuaded
bit by that argument but we haven't
traditionally talked about it in those
terms it's one of the things that I'd
like to do over these next couple of
years is is to try to try to erase this
very sharp line between our military
efforts in national security and our
diplomatic and foreign assistance
efforts because in this environment
today we've got to think of it all as
one piece the transformation and sort of
growing prosperity in China is really
you know probably the biggest story of
the times we're living through and it's
something that it seems to me it causes
a lot of anxiety to a lot of Americans
you know we've been having our own
economic struggles but also from a
geopolitical standpoint it's a country
with a very different political system
very different values or is this
something that you think people should
regard is alarming no we shouldn't be we
should alarm it in fact we should
welcome China's peaceful rise partly
just from a ethical perspective
you know to see hundreds of millions of
people rise out of dire poverty and to
be able to feed their children and have
a decent home that's a good thing and we
should encourage it in addition a China
that is disorderly is a big problem
because there are a lot of Chinese in
Harrah's and the that's that's if
they're not doing well and if they're
unstable that's very dangerous for for
the region more Americans I think have a
legitimate reason to be concerned is
that in part this rise has taken place
on the backs of an international system
in which China wasn't carrying its own
weight or following the rules of the
road and we were and in some cases we
got the short end of the stick this is
part of the debate that we're having
right now in terms of the trans-pacific
partnership that the trade deal that you
know we've been negotiating there are a
lot of people who look at the last 20
years and say why would we want another
trade deal that hasn't been good for
American workers
it allowed outsourcing of American
companies locating jobs in low-wage
China then selling it back to Walmart
and yes we got cheaper sneakers but we
also lost all our jobs and my argument
is twofold number one precisely because
that horse is out of the barn the issue
we're trying to deal with right now is
can we make for a higher bar on labor on
environmental standards etc in that
region and write a set of rules where
it's fair because right now it's not
fair and if you if you if you want to
improve it that means we need a new
trading regime we can't just rely on the
old one because the old one isn't
working for us but the second reason
it's important is because the countries
were negotiating whether the same
countries that China is trying to
negotiate with if we don't write the
rules out there China is gonna write the
rules and the geopolitical implications
of China writing
the rules for trade or maritime law or
any kind of commercial activity almost
inevitably means that we will be cut out
or we will be deeply disadvantaged our
businesses will be dismantle be
disadvantaged so when I hear when I talk
to labor organizations I say right now
we've been hugely disadvantaged why
would we want to maintain the status quo
if we can organize a new trade deal in
which a country like Vietnam for the
first time recognizes labor rights and
those are enforceable that's a big deal
it doesn't mean that we're still not
going to see wage differentials between
us and them but they're already selling
here for the most part and what we have
the opportunity to do is to set
long-term trends that keep us in the
game in a place that we've got to be why
is it you think you haven't been able to
persuade your friends and in the labor
movement of that I mean they presumably
look at these issues pretty closely they
know the interests of their members well
yeah look I think the story the
narrative the experience that people
have seen over the last 20 years yeah
that's that's a real experience I know
that's not something we deny that's why
during the State of the Union address I
was very specific
not every trade deal has lived up to the
hype and there are real gaps in the
current trading regime that means that
there are a whole lot of Toyotas sold
here and almost no Fords or Chrysler's
sold in Japan but what I say to them is
if in fact the the current situation
disadvantages us why do we want to stick
with the current situation now sometimes
the response will be well what you're
doing isn't enough what we need to do is
to have union record recognition in
Vietnam or we need Japan to completely
open its markets and not have any
barriers whatsoever and we need that
immediately and I say to them while I
can't get that for you but what I can do
is make the current situation better for
American workers and American businesses
that are trying to export their
I can open up more markets than we have
open right now so that American farmers
can sell their goods their betters is
better it's not it's not perfect so but
you know those experiences that arose
over the last 20 years
those aren't easily forgotten and the
burden of proof is on us then to be very
transparent and explicit in terms of
what it is that we're trying to
accomplish it's similar to the challenge
we've got on the Iran negotiations and
and maybe I'll close with at that point
because that's been an issue of great
interest people are right to be
suspicious of Iran
iran says sponsored state terrorism it
has consistently at the highest levels
made deplorable anti-israeli statements
it is repressive to its own people and
there is clear and unavoidable evidence
that in the past they have tried to
develop a nuclear weapons program
and tried to hide it from view so that's
a given and and it's understandable why
people are concerned both here and
around the world but what I've also said
is that the deal that we've struck this
interim deal brought about by the tough
sanctions regime that we put together
offers us our best opportunity to solve
the problem of a nuclear Iran without
resort to military force Iran is
negotiating seriously for the first time
and they have made so far
real concessions in the negotiations we
have been able to freeze the program for
the first time and in fact roll back
some elements of its program like its
stockpiles of ultra highly enriched
uranium for us to give an additional two
to three months to exhaust all
possibilities of a diplomatic resolution
when nobody denies including our
intelligence agencies and
odd and others nobody denies that right
now Iran really is abiding by the terms
of our agreement so we're not losing
ground they're not surreptitiously
developing a weapon while we talk for us
to give to three months to figure that
out makes sense now you know same thing
with the labor with respect to trade
they're gonna need some folks who are
going to be skeptical and their impulse
is gonna be well let's pile on some more
sanctions and let's squeeze them a
little bit more and any deal that you're
gonna strike they're gonna they're gonna
cheat and you know we can't trust them
and it's going to be a bad deal I get
all that but my message is we have to
test the proposition and if in fact a
deal is struck then it's going to be a
deal that everybody around the world is
going to be able to look at and
everybody's going to be able to
determine does this in fact prevent Iran
from getting a nuclear weapon and if the
answer is yes then it's a good deal and
if the answer is no then it's not a deal
that I'm interested in striking there
may be some technical arguments in part
because there there are some who who
will only be satisfied with the Iranian
regime being replaced that they don't
even like the idea of Iran having any
nuclear technology or nuclear know-how
in your first campaign there was talk of
the idea that you might hold direct
negotiations with countries like that
yes which would be with well no but we
have had direct negotiations that's
exactly what we're doing and and we're
now testing the proposition and and the
question then mat is going to be whether
or not Iran can say yes to the world
community that is determined this is a
fair approach that gives Iran the
ability to re-enter the international
community and verify that it's not
pursuing a nuclear weapon but this is
another example of the overall point
that I was making at the start so it's a
good way to
summarize we can't guarantee that the
forces inside of Iran take what should
be seen as a good deal for run we can't
guarantee that they make a rational
decision any more than we can guarantee
that Russia and mr. Putin make rational
decisions about something like Ukraine
we've got a guard against their efforts
militarily any aggression that they may
show we've got a meet firmly and
forcefully but we've also got to see
whether things like diplomacy things
like economic sanctions things like
international pressure and international
norms will in fact make a difference and
our successes will happen in fits and
starts and sometimes there's going to be
a breakthrough and sometimes you'll just
modestly make things a little bit better
and sometimes the player run doesn't
work and you've got to have a plan B in
a plan C but the overall trajectory the
overall goal is a world in which America
continues to lead that we're pushing in
the direction of more security more
international norms and rules more human
rights more free speech you know less
religious intolerance and you know those
efforts over time add up and and I'm
confident that that there's a way for us
to maintain our idealism be hard-headed
in assessing what's out there
confronting the dangers that we face
without exaggerating them and America
I'm pretty certain there's going to be
the indispensable nation for for the
remainder of this century just what just
like it was the last one all right
thanks so much thank you appreciate it
