cable news loves American weapons
whether it's tomahawk missiles tomahawk
missiles Tomahawk cruise missiles or the
mother of all bombs Moab also called the
mother of all bombs a mother of all
bombs Hebe news is saturated with images
of American firepower they are beautiful
pictures of fearsome armaments but cable
News's fixation on bombs and missiles
isn't just mindless entertainment it
sanitizes violence and makes it harder
to think critically about why America
uses deadly force and what happens when
it does if you watch even five minutes
of cable news last month you probably
saw this it's the Pentagon's footage of
Tomahawk missiles being launched at a
Syrian airfield from us destroyers you
couldn't watch a segment about Syria
without seeing them even if they were
just playing in the background they were
on Twitter too where news networks just
published the Pentagon's footage
unedited and without context there's a
reason those clips got so much airtime
on news networks on a very basic level
it's about attracting eyeballs and
having something to look at would you
rather watch tomahawks taking off or
would you rather watch Brian Williams
this is Debra Jaramillo she wrote a book
on the way news networks covered and
packaged the Iraq war and she argues
that cable News's fixation on images of
weapons is essentially about keeping us
entertained if we have CNN and MSNBC and
Fox and they're all showing the same
news they need to differentiate their
product how do you keep viewers watching
you have a good narrative and you have
spectacular visuals you saw that
happened after the u.s. drop the mother
of all bombs the Moab on Afghanistan
forget the puny explosion of a single
Tomahawk missile today the mother of all
bombs tons of impressive military
footage fancy animations and segments
explaining how the bomb works one study
found that CNN aired almost an hour of
Moab test footage in the six hours after
the story broke you can almost hear the
team America theme song playing in the
background
how do Mia saw a lot of this kind of
thing during the coverage of the Iraq
war like when CNN developed special
graphics to teach viewers about
different types of weapons they called
these graphics baseball cards some
graphics yeah that's what we call them
here's a book on I just got a hundred
twenty millimeter cannon three machine
guns now I know what you're thinking hey
Anderson Cooper hasn't aged a day and B
who cares
of course Cable News is going to talk
about weapons in wartime the problem is
when corporate media sees weapons as a
product they run the risk of sanitizing
and even glamorizing tools of violence
you could see this most clearly from
NBC's Brian Williams who fawned over the
use of Tomahawk missiles like he was
trying to sell them we see these
beautiful pictures I am tempted to quote
the great Leonard Cohen I'm guided by
the beauty of our weapons the truth is
he wasn't the only one giddy about the
use of force CNN and News Network
basically ran an infomercial for
Tomahawk missiles this is the newest
version of the missile tomahawk can fly
a thousand plus miles each tomahawk
weighs about 3,500 pounds so when 60 of
them are fired towards Syria that was
about two hundred ten thousand pounds of
firepower Joe swims and it flies swims
and it flies the same thing happened
with the MOA segment after segment about
how powerful the bomb was and how it
worked
this is such a heavy bomb such a large
bomb frightening weapon it makes a lot
of noise that you would want to terrify
your enemy shocked at all and Fox News
might as well been doing body shots the
day after the bomb dropped that is what
freedom looks like that's the red white
and blue well one of my favorite things
is watching bombs drop on bad guys the
problem is compounded when news networks
invite ex-military guests to talk about
weapons on air framing the discussion
around how we engage in violence rather
than why general walk us through what is
this thing and how much damage can it do
it will collapse caves it will blow up
things and it's guided to the target by
GPS oh it's precision accurate if you're
alive afterwards you're gonna have
perforated eardrums and a lot of trauma
the use of military analysts to explain
the weapons it's a way of giving us the
military's point of view and getting us
to think in terms of strategy rather
than
in terms of people you probably noticed
by now that all these clips of America's
arsenal at work have something in common
no dead bodies you see the tomahawks
launchings but not the casualties they
cost you see the mob exploding but it's
test footage from over a decade ago we
have video we're showing of the testing
of the bomb that's not an accident cable
news has an incentive to not show the
dead bodies that American weapons create
they don't want to alienate audiences so
even when they're dealing with something
that's very uncomfortable like killing
people overseas they don't have a
financial incentive to show us really
disturbing things when those disturbing
things directly impact us or the way we
feel about ourselves which helps explain
why networks use graphics and animation
so much when talking about weapons like
this 2003 CNN clip showing how a
bunker-buster bomb works
you see crates and barrels being
destroyed but there are no animated
figures being blown to bits right
further removing viewers from the actual
lethal consequences of these weapons no
I know by this point I probably sound
like an anti-war tree-hugging beta male
yeah but this kind of coverage should
worry you even if you think these
specific strikes were justified we can't
make informed decisions about if and
when to use military force if cable news
is selling us a glamorized version of
what violence looks like if we're
focused on the weapons and focused on
how how mighty our military is then
we're not thinking about the
consequences we're not thinking about
what happens when those weapons actually
hit their targets when you see someone
like Brian Williams fawning over
tomahawk missiles he's not being a
monster
he's showing what happens when tools of
violence become disconnected from their
real consequences when corporate media
treats weapons like a product to be
packaged and sold for higher ratings
you
