he may be a surgeon he may reach more
people in an hour than most doctors
treat in their lifetimes but it's no
secret that TV star dr. oz doesn't
exactly prioritize evidence-based health
advice especially when it comes to
weight loss
he was even called before a Senate
subcommittee recently to explain I don't
get why you need to say this stuff cuz
you know it's not true
dr. oz once told me in an interview that
if you didn't have the glitzy stuff
nobody would watch his show
the trouble is viewers get common sense
advice along with a big dose of nonsense
it can be hard to tell the difference
here are three of dr. Oz's biggest
weight loss lives to watch out for
number one
so on the show dr. oz often likes to
clean metabolism boosters are the Holy
Grails of weight loss behind these walls
I've got five revolutionary metabolism
Busters to bust through the fat after 40
he tells people to invest their money
and everything from special powders to
teas and extracts for their mega
metabolism boosting capabilities there
are certain foods that will boost your
metabolism momentarily like coffee or
chili spices but the change is so small
that it would never have an impact on
your waistline we're talking less than
half a calorie per minute for a short
period of time so dr. Oz's metabolism
boosters won't burn your fat but they
will burn your money
number two dr. oz will often say that
you can blast away your belly fat by
going on a diet or taking supplements
add these to your diet to get rid of
your belly once and for all the truth is
there's just no evidence whatsoever to
support this notion that targeted fat
loss is possible you just can't lose
weight in one part of your body no
matter how appealing it sounds number
three on almost every Oz show
he likes to claim certain supplements
can help you lose weight supplements
those simple safe no prescription
required pills and potions that can
blast your fat kill your cravings
Garcinia cambogia raspberry ketones
green coffee bean supplements but most
of these supplements have not been
properly studied in people and some have
actually never been studied in humans or
if they have
the studies are generally so small and
flawed by design there's no way to know
whether they actually work and let's
face it if there was a fat Buster in a
bottle we wouldn't have an obesity
problem so when should you listen to dr.
oz I'll let him explain what works for
most people what works for most people
as a diet based on real food food that
comes out of the ground looking the way
it looks when you eat it that's not been
processed with some physical activity
most of weight loss I believe is about
the food choices you make most of
keeping your weight low is about the
physical activity you engage in
