Ferguson Missouri has responded to the
police shooting of Michael Brown an
unarmed black teenager with outrage
while the brown shooting was a catalyst
for the protests the roots of the
community's outrage run deeper Ferguson
is about 67% black but that's just not
even remotely represented in its local
government the police force is fifty
three police officers and only three of
those are black only one of the council
members is by the mayor and the police
chief are white at the same time
Ferguson Police have had a
disproportionate number of run-ins with
african-americans in 2013 police
arrested 483 black residents compared to
just 36 white residents so in many ways
what happened to Michael Brown for a lot
of the black community represents what
could be happening to them and their
sons you took my son away free you know
how hard it was for me to get him this
in school and graduate you know how many
black men graduate not many because you
bring them down to this type of level
where I feel like I'm got nothing to
live for anyway they're gonna try to
take me out anyway the police reaction
to the protests have done nothing to
repair that broken trust police are
using full body armor they have snipers
on armored vehicles which are basically
tanks they have been using dogs they
have shot tear gas into neighborhoods
they have also used rubber bullets on
the protesters even when it doesn't seem
like they're posing a immediate threat
crowd control is a really normal part of
police work but the goal is to
de-escalate the situation
this heavy militaristic response is
likely to do the opposite by provoking
fear and defensiveness from the crowd
some of these tactics may be the result
of federal programs that provide local
police forces with military-grade
equipment but do not provide any
training or oversight on its use the
1033 program which allows the Pentagon
the transfer weapons to police
departments requires that the equipment
must be used within one year this might
inspire police to use the equipment even
when it's completely unnecessary
the result is that the streets of
Ferguson are looking more like a rock
than a st. Louis suburb
