my name is Johnny Harrison I make videos
here at Fox for the past year I've been
focusing on making documentaries about
how people live around the world so this
next set of videos I want suggestions on
where I should go next and I'm looking
for ideas surrounding a single topic
orders I'm going to go to six different
borders around the world and look at the
human outcomes of what happens when you
draw lines on a map and I haven't picked
out these six places yet I'm looking for
suggestions so you can go to voxcom
slash borders to submit your idea look
at the border between brazil and bolivia
brazil is clearly harvested it's forest
very aggressively leaving few trees
while bolivia hasn't so this random
looking straight line on the map
actually determines where a forest end
and affects the people and animals
living area between Haiti in the
Dominican Republic Haitian women crosses
muddy river every morning to sell goods
in a guarded Dominican market for the
day before trekking back at night all
because someone decided to draw a line
at some point on this island interesting
borders are everywhere so if something
comes to mind I want you to tell me
about it
borders aren't always lines between two
countries sometimes as interesting state
borders or borders within a city or even
a neighborhood regardless of what kind
of border it is I want to go to these
places to help humanize the map and show
up orders look like in real life and the
effect that it has on people
the six documentaries about borders
aren't going to publish until the fall
but while I'm going to these places and
making these videos I'm going to be up
keeping a travel log on my Facebook page
where I'm going to publish little video
dispatches of what I'm seeing and what
I'm learning along the way and you can
follow along if you want to keep up to
date on the progress and hopefully help
me out as I'm doing this I'm not really
sure where I'm going yet or what's going
to happen along the way but I'm pretty
sure it's going to be an adventure
you
