a lot of people talk about bitcoin is a
new kind of currency but ignore that
talk Bitcoin is a crappy currency
dollars are a good currency the real
revolution of Bitcoin is as a new kind
of payment network something like Visa
or PayPal those conventional payment
systems are owned and operated by
for-profit companies but Bitcoin isn't
there's no Bitcoin the company instead
Bitcoin is run as a peer-to-peer network
computers on the Bitcoin network process
Bitcoin transactions by adding them to a
shared public register they call that
the blockchain all the computers keep it
together it's as if we were all keeping
visas records up-to-date together as
some kind of weird volunteer project if
I wondering what's the point why not
just pay for things with paypal or
mastercard like a normal person and it's
a good question but bitcoin is one big
advantage over conventional payment
networks it's an open platform to become
a MasterCard merchant you have to apply
for permission pay a lot of fees to
MasterCard comply with hundreds of pages
of regulation Bitcoin is different
anyone can use it it's free and there
are no rules limiting what Bitcoin based
services can do an open technology
platform like this can become a hotbed
of innovation think about the internet
people were as baffled by the Internet
in the 1980s as they are about Bitcoin
today the internet was unusable than it
seemed it ridiculous that anybody would
ever find anything useful to do on it
eventually that freedom WOD people to
build great companies like Amazon and
Google and Facebook the buzzword here is
permissionless innovation you can do
cool things without any central
authority being able to tell you know in
the same way bitcoin can become a
platform for building a new generation
of financial services like international
money transfers that are faster and
cheaper than Western Union better
security for everyday purchases and
perhaps new services that aren't even
possible conventional payment networks
we don't know what this stuff will babe
but now that bitcoin is here we're gonna
find out
