people have really strong opinions on
single-payer health care it would be the
Silver Bullet that fixes our health care
system or it could be most people don't
even know what single-payer means so
let's start with what we have you can
think of the American healthcare system
as a series of tubes we do not have
single-payer health care we have
thousands and thousands of payer
healthcare and each of them typically
pay different amounts for the exact same
medical service and that's a lot of
administrative work for every three
doctors in the United States you have
two billing staff standing behind them
just handling all that paperwork that
comes in and out of a doctor's office if
you think of a single-payer system it is
just one tube of payments all money
flows from the government to the doctors
and it's actually pretty popular
elsewhere Medicare here in the u.s. is
like that it pays all the healthcare
bills for people over 65 but there's
also a catch when the government is the
one paying all the bills they get to
decide what they will and will not pay
for if the system isn't funded well
enough if they haven't raised enough
taxes from their citizens that could
lead to longer wait times and fewer
doctors being available Vermont right
now is trying to set up the very first
single-payer health care system in the
United States by one estimate Vermont
could save twenty five percent but it's
also expensive the state government in
Vermont needs to raise two billion
dollars that is a lot of maple syrup but
people really dislike the American
health care system it gets pretty poor
marks from Americans and if you look at
neighboring Massachusetts they're a
healthcare experiment in 2006 did lead
to Obamacare so if this does work in
Vermont who knows what could be next
