man has been a long Newsweek I'm done
why I'm with a little Facebook Facebook
continues to be under fire for failing
to crack down on fake news it's been
called a haven for fake news Russian
trolls use Facebook to exploit racial
tension did you fall for propaganda from
a Russian troll Jesus Facebook is dead
YouTube YouTube with the latest social
media company under the microscope ads
running on YouTube channels that promote
white nationalism trending tab featured
a conspiracy video that attacked
survivors the parklands shooting odd
nevermind
time for thirst traps on Instagram
Russian bought ads appeared on Instagram
thousands of ads posted on Instagram
meant to divide Americans okay that's it
I'm going back to my true safe space the
one place where nobody can hurt me
Pinterest oh my god what happened to
Pinterest there's nowhere to go anymore
every social media site has become a
dumpster fire why is this happening
what's turning all these sites into a
ver swamps ah crap it's me isn't it
executives admitted their limitations
but bonus they will do a better job
let's start at the AG misinformation
into platform no no man huh what No the
human brain humans are social animals at
their roots and they're constantly
looking for reinforcements signals or
our signals that we belong jayven babel
researches what kinds of information
humans respond to on social media
Sam Babel did a study last year tracking
what kinds of tweets were more likely to
go viral when it came to divisive issues
like gun control and he found that
tweets that used moral emotional words
words like blame hate and shame were way
more likely to be retweeted than tweets
with neutral language one of the reasons
we think this is happening is because
when you're using that type of tribal
language it sends a signal about who you
are what you care about and what
move along this makes sense if you think
about it if you're trying to signal to
others that you're a real ariana grande
fan you don't say I personally enjoy or
you you say ariana grande is the best
singer of all time anyone who disagrees
idiot you know like hypothetically you
playing with imaginary hair that tribal
desires are organized into us versus
them is a basic part of human nature
it's why we have hard core nerd fandoms
and lose our mind at sports games but
when it comes to politics that desire
can push us towards some extreme views
one hypothesis is that when people are
sharing the most extreme form of
political content that sends the
strongest clear signal about what their
identity is and it signals very clearly
who the out-group is you can see that
tendency when you look at which US
senators have the most Facebook
followers the further left or right the
more followers when we rally around
these politicians it leaves no doubt
about which tribe we belong to they're
sending information that's moderate it
doesn't clearly signify who their
in-group and out-group is and so there
is this incentive structure potentially
to share more and more extreme
information to signal more more clearly
who you are and but these loud signals
of our group status are way easier to do
online than in person and that's because
in the real world there are social costs
to being a jerk so normally when we're
talking about things like politics with
our friends at the bar or with our
family at Thanksgiving
we have social checks in place that send
the signals that maybe this isn't
landing well with everybody
maybe it's resonating with your sister
or your brother but your mom and dad are
giving you the stink eye we get these
signals all the time from people that
we're excluding them or that we're
rubbing them the wrong way and if we
value those relationships we tend to
tone down our language and this is where
the problem with social media starts
platforms like Facebook YouTube and
Twitter they're designed to do one thing
keep you on the site for as long as
possible
the more time you spend on the site the
more commercials sidebar ads and
Promoted Tweets they can show you the
more money they make if your goal is to
get the greatest amount of engagement
with an audience you need content that's
gonna be addictive in terms of politics
and news stories that are laden with
emotion Network identities and is
morally arousing are the types of
stories that are gonna get people
engaged the most the problem is getting
the stink-eye is a really unpleasant
experience we don't like being told that
we crossed a line or gone too far and we
are less likely to stay on a website
that makes us feel that way so if social
media sites have been designed to
protect us from stink-eye the cater to
our tribal nature by figuring out what
we like and showing us more of it by
identifying what products and people and
politicians you like they can identify
with Somnath degree of certainty what
your politics are and then feed you back
more and more information that confirms
those beliefs it's not just algorithms
doing this these websites invite us to
sort ourselves into tribes we get to
follow and subscribe to people we agree
with block sources of information we
don't like and literally join groups of
people who think the same way we do you
get content that confirms your beliefs
and doesn't challenge you and then it's
a dissonance free environment you don't
have to face up to individuals and
people who disagree with you
dissonance free environment is a fancy
way of saying a place where you don't
get stink
that's study about how polarizing tweets
got more engagement it also found that
those tweets rarely left our echo
chambers we're getting tons of positive
feedback for people who already agree
with us and all that positive feedback
can push us further to the extreme if I
share some extreme
Conte and it gets a lot of likes I
realize because I've been reinforced
that that's what people are my social
network like or that's what's more
likely to go viral and then I might try
to match it or make my next post even
more extreme to get more reinforcement
and if you're looking for something more
extreme to share these platforms will
help you find watch a few anti-immigrant
videos this is totally out of control
and YouTube's algorithm will start
recommending videos about white genocide
join a few pro Trump groups and your
Facebook feed will fill up with smear
campaigns and conspiracy theories the
9/11 attacks themselves were
orchestrated by the Bush administration
even search for information about
vaccines on Pinterest and your homepage
will be full of anti-vaxxer bullshit and
so you can see people potentially being
led down this pathway of more and more
extreme posts there's a social
reinforcement system that would
otherwise take a long time through lots
of interactions with people in our
community that can now be done very
rapidly and at an enormous scale all of
this makes social media sites goldmines
for con artists conspiracy theorists and
trolls who exploit our tribal mentality
to get clicks and views anybody can
write a blog however incendiary and if
it has a catchy title or catchy content
people are gonna share it Kaepernick is
an attention-seeking crybaby who takes
out his perceived oppression on the flag
in national anthem I stand for our
service members our veterans our Leos
and our first responders not for the
indulgent a-hole who disrespects them
follow me on Twitter and Instagram
it's a terrifyingly effective strategy a
2016 Democratic strategist said that
when it came to which kinds of ads
perform best on Facebook ugly and
incendiary one every time
the same is true for conspiracy theories
and fake news stories one study looked
at ten years of true and false stories
on Twitter the author's measured what
they called retweet cascades chain
reactions where the original story is
shared and retreated to a much larger
audience and when they compared the
cascades
of real stories and fake stories the
fake ones reached thousands more people
and it didn't matter that these stories
were coming from small accounts anybody
could go viral if the story triggered
enough of a tribal response in 2016 it
was teenagers in Macedonia making
thousands of dollars publishing fake
election news on Facebook after the
Parkland shooting it was random
youtubers going viral by accusing
students of being crisis actors the
Russian trolls messing with our
elections
they're not super hackers they're people
posting low quality highly emotional
content that they know will go viral the
Russian PlayBook exposed the
architectural flaws and products like
Facebook Instagram YouTube anybody can
run that playbook so far
social media companies have responded to
this by trying to punish bad actors
Facebook has suspended hundreds of pages
tied to a Russian group social media
companies are banning Alex Jones whitter
has banned Milou innopolis but punishing
individual bad actors doesn't change the
incentives that brought them to the
platform in the first place one fake
news writer told The Washington Post
that if Facebook cracked down on his
content I would try different things I
have at least ten sites right now if
they cracked out on a couple I'll just
use others and this is why getting rid
of Alex Jones if you ban him someone
else will realize they can get rich
pushing the same type of agenda for a
period of time followers cliques
advertisers speaking fees and other
opportunities that are incredibly
lucrative the problem with social media
isn't that a few bad apples are ruining
the fun is that these sites are designed
to reward bad apples and until these
companies decide that there's something
more important than getting people to
watch ads we're going to keep seeing the
worst of human nature reflected back at
us
all right
