borders Hong Kong is over all five
episodes are published if you haven't
seen them yet you can just search
YouTube for Vox borders Hong Kong or you
can go to facebook.com slash Vox borders
you may have noticed that I'm doing
things a little bit differently this
year than I did last year I'm now just
focusing on one location at a time going
making more videos publishing them and
then moving on to the next location
so borders Hong Kong is now over but I'm
excited to say that I have the next
location to announce pedal avoided on
CNN espanol por que el próximo destino
the borders s Columbia in próximo mates
la a Columbia / investiga varios temuz
Crean de lo que esta pasando in esta
from Telecom Venezuela
he killed two au de CBS in Colombia
obtain a Mucha experiencia con este pais
quiero escuchar Tuscon sikozu
perspectiva where a box punto come para
borders columbia parents kill birthday e
in las próximas Samanas the contactor a
comprar giunta's tambien boy organizer
algunas reunion s mientras esto in
Colombia s Akira's assistir lagoons the
SS wisdom ello ET pasar a los detalles
Colombian lugar muy bonito ma hace mucho
Lucian conocer los escuchar to see
