this was one of the most surreal days I
have ever seen in American politics
Donald Trump meeting in Helsinki with
Vladimir Putin the President of Russia
just days after indictments were
announced against Russian hackers
operating under the orders of the
Russian government to interfere in the
2016 election the defendants worked for
two units of the main intelligence
Directorate of the Russian general staff
known as the GRU and so how did Donald
Trump play it at this moment of intense
national concern and anger What did he
say to Vladimir Putin was extremely
strong and powerful in his denial today
it isn't just at Donald Trump's critics
were angry perhaps one of the most
disgraceful performances by an American
president but if you look at Donald
Trump's supporters they were angry too
this was the time in the place for the
president to look Putin's squarely in
the eye and said you will be punished
for what you did in 2016 and don't ever
think about doing that again but he
didn't and that's united disgusting
that's what made his performance
disgusting he basically said he didn't
buy what his own intelligence community
was telling him this was clearly not his
best performance we are in an odd place
as a country we are seeing something
happen slowly unfold slowly be revealed
slowly and none of us know the full
story
people keep waiting for like the magic
piece of information and in fact I think
the constant obsessive focus on what we
don't know nobody knows what was said
privately between them you gotta wonder
is he hoping that Putin is going to help
him out again as he did in 2016 has done
too much to distract from how much at
this point we really do know the
connections between the Trump
Organization and Donald Trump himself
and Russia and Vladimir Putin they go
back and they go forwards Donald Trump
jr. in 2008 said Russians make up a
pretty disproportionate cross-section of
a lot of our assets and then in 2014
Eric Trump added we don't rely on
American banks we have all the funding
we need out of Russia we know there were
huge numbers of all-cash purposes for
Trump property more than a hundred
million dollars worth again all
- for Russians between 2003 and 2007
teen so there were deep financial ties
between the Trump Organization on Russia
even before Donald Trump ran for
president but then don't jump ran for
president I am officially running
for President of the United States and
we are going to make our country great
again we know that Donald Trump
repeatedly praised Laden or Pune
throughout the election Putin said some
very good things about me people say Oh
Trump's gonna be weak with Putin because
Putin is saying nice things about me
okay I think when he calls me brilliant
I'll take the compliment okay we know
that during all this Donald Trump got up
on a stage and asked for Russia's help
getting Hillary Clinton to deleted
emails Russia if you're listening I hope
you're able to find the 30,000 emails
that are missing and we know from
Obama's investigation that the very same
day Donald Trump did that Russia
actually did try to hack into Hillary
Clinton's emails units engaged in active
cyber operations to interfere in the
2016 presidential election we know that
Russians directly reached out to Trump's
inner circle saying hey we've got dirt
on Hillary Clinton do you want it and
the inner circle said yes we know a lot
and we know it didn't end when Donald
Trump became president because he said
it that he fired James Comey the head of
the FBI to stop his investigation into
Russia when I decided to just do it I
said to myself I said you know this
Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a
made-up story it's an excuse we know
that he has again and again and again
said that he wishes he never made Jeff
Sessions Attorney General well since she
should have never refused him soon and
if he would if he was going to refuse
himself he should have told me before he
took the job and I'm gonna pick somebody
else here's a crazy thing about all this
as much wrongdoing as has clearly been
committed
it isn't clear anything illegal has been
done by Trump himself anyway obviously
people around Trump have already gone to
jail what we're doing now is we're
sitting amidst all of this knowledge
about whether or not our elections are
actually secure about whether our
president is acting in our best
interests or his own despite all this
coming out who's gonna act and what are
they gonna do how many times have I
stood up here and told you what I think
about vitamin Putin Vladimir Putin does
not share our interests vitomir Putin
does not share our values Republicans in
Congress their entire political future
depends on Donald Trump's strength we
know that
and the Trump campaign whether publicly
or privately explicitly or implicitly
coordinated together we keep pretending
here that the problem is that we don't
have enough information we've plenty of
information but problems that we don't
know what to do with thank you
