like most other weddings in history all
British royal weddings begin with the
engagement but unlike regular weddings
these ones involve an elaborately
choreographed event that will be watched
by an audience of million of the first
decisions a couple makes is deciding
where to actually do the thing if
they're really into history in tradition
there's really only one choice from the
solemnity of the gabbie but not this
time
the big change is this wedding between
Prince Harry and Megan Markham you don't
have all the ambassadors from all the
different countries you don't have heads
of state coming to this wedding one
reason is because the chapel wins that
can only take 600 people and therefore
the city isn't space but it's also
clearly the desire of Prince Harry
around two months before the big day the
Lord Chamberlain's office sends out
individually handcrafted invitations
there's flowers and fittings and the
entirety of the city to prepare while
the bride and groom had to sleep in
different homes spectators who want a
decent view of the public processions
will be sleeping outside and just a few
hours later some travelled hundreds or
even thousands of miles the general rule
of royal weddings is the less important
you are the earlier you arrive and the
further back you sit if you're there
representing a charity if you're a
member of the Armed Forces or a
celebrity you're relegated to the nave
of the church which means you might not
even get to see the actual ceremony
close friends of the bride and groom and
other guests will head in at least an
hour and a half before most of the time
it is groom up at the front the royal
procession comes in order precedence
which means the more junior Royals come
first and last comes the Queen and her
husband
and then the bride turns up when the
bride arrives the details of the dress
are finally revealed after months of top
secrecy I am beside myself this is such
a function loan with a code telling and
regardless of who the designer is she'll
be wearing white and will carry a sprig
of Myrtle in her bouquet which
symbolizes love and marriage both of
which are trends started by Queen
Victoria the right tiara is almost
always the Something Borrowed likely
from one of the family's collection of
jewels since 1923 the ring placed on the
bride's finger is always made from Welsh
gold Elizabeth and Diana's rings even
came from the same nugget the ceremony
is performed by the Archbishop of
Canterbury and only takes about an hour
for the end the bridegroom and their two
witnesses go into a private room to sign
the register a lot point the wedding is
sanctified in law as it was sanctified
by religious service officially married
the bride and groom exit closely
followed by the procession of the Queen
there's any heart that hasn't been run
over by her today it can kindly
surrender now there's a good chance
you'll hear pomp and circumstance around
this time although Americans associate
it with high school graduations it was
originally written for the coronation of
King Edward the seventh the bride and
groom will likely make their way into
the open 1902 State Land out for the
official carriage procession around the
city that's when the crowds who have
been waiting for hours or possibly days
will get their first look at the royal
couple this usually concludes with the
iconic appearance on the buckingham
palace balcony on which diana and
Charles were the first to kiss the kiss
is a critical moment in the entire royal
wedding ceremony you don't just throw it
away in the middle of church it has to
be seen live by hundreds of thousands of
people's and just in case any one have
missed it Prince William suggests one
more piece
because Megan and Harry's wedding is 20
miles outside of London their first
public kiss as a married couple will
have to happen somewhere else
afterwards the wedding party takes
official photos and ceremony guests
gather for the wedding breakfast
complete with a traditional fruit cake
though in the past the bride and groom
would change clothes and depart their
honeymoon directly afterwards current
Royals have gone for a more modern
approach with a real party and they will
be the only ones celebrating it is
generally seen as an excuse to have a
good time and someone buttoned-up Brits
who don't really have a good time in
public that much let their hair down and
enjoy themselves in the middle of their
street at that point it's a pretty
normal wedding reception although normal
ones don't generally include rumoured
performances by Elton John and the Spice
Girls the royal couple will head off for
the honeymoon which is almost certainly
within the British Commonwealth while
the rest of the country nurses a
hangover as they leave far behind an
exhilarated
exhausted London for them as for any
newlyweds
The Adventure is just about to begin
you
