there's a problem with neil course
witches nomination from the supreme
court and it's actually not neil Gorsuch
he is by all accounts a brilliant jurist
and a kind man but he is an extremely
conservative judge at a moment when an
extremely conservative judge makes a
mockery of the popular will look this is
a time if ever there was one for a
compromise nominee and gorse it's just
isn't a compromise nominee Republicans
they don't need to nominate a liberal
but Democrats should insist they
nominate a justice more on the mold of
Anthony Kennedy than Scalia a bit of
history is important here Antonin
Scalia's seat came open under a
Democratic president and a Republican
Senate this should have led to a
centrist nominee and President Barack
Obama to his credit trying to offer one
Merrick garland who had previously been
suggested for the court by Republican
senator Orrin Hatch Republicans it's
important to note did not oppose Garland
they just refused to consider him or
anyone else for the opening an
initiative this nomination ought to be
made by the next president so just just
to put a button on this are you ruling
it out 100% yes they insisted no opening
on the court could be filled in an
election year
an absurd though principle which implies
that vacancies on the court must be left
unfilled fully 50% of the time they
don't believe that nobody believes that
but having blocked efforts to replace
Scalia under Obama Republicans were of
course relieved when Trump won the
electoral college but and this is
important Democrats decisively won the
popular vote and gained seats in the
Senate I don't want to overstate this
u.s. elections are not decided by simply
telling a both/and but they're the
public whole doesn't decide elections it
should still weigh on those who hold
power this is a time for a center-right
nominee just as Obama put forward a
center-left nominee and garland the
choice is all the more important because
the Supreme Court is itself a strange
and undemocratic institution it is
instantly different popular opinion and
judges served for life forcing it
unnaturally out of step with the public
is bad for both the court and for the
country Senate Democrats have the power
to filibuster nominees to the Supreme
Court and I don't agree with those who
think they should filibuster anyone who
is in guard
as Senator Jeff Merkley has threatened
but Democrats should insist on a
compromise nominee if you wives of them
actually to offer a realistic list of
more centrist candidates center-right
candidates and use a filibuster to give
their position teeth it's true that
Republicans could eliminate the
filibuster with only 51 votes but it's
actually not clear why that's relevant
if the Supreme Court filibuster will be
destroyed the moment it is used that
it's actually just a fiction and there's
not much pasta seeing at a mass with
such if Republicans would prefer to
destroy the filibuster they make any
accommodation with the majority of
voters who wanted a Democrat making this
pick that is their prerogative at least
the country and the Democrats base will
know that Democrats did their best
Democrats may not be in the business of
protecting a filibuster they can on use
it's a mistake to see Supreme Court
nomination is about individual resumes
rather than country's wishes if the
question is whether Gorsuch is qualified
then yeah he's qualified is very
qualified it is not the question the
question is whether course it should be
on the court whether he is the right
pick for this moment and for the decades
in which he's likely to serve and he is
not Republicans lost the popular vote in
the presidential election preceding
Scalia's death they lost the popular
vote in the election after Scalia's
death the will of the people might not
be all that matters in politics but nor
should it be completely and utterly
meaningless the Supreme Court is
undemocratic enough as it is it does not
need to be made more so
