I want to put my hand in the border
I'm standing in the United States 103
degrees and I'm looking across a river
into Mexico if someone wanted to they
could just swim across in like two
minutes
Border Patrol has all of these
mechanisms for making sure that that
doesn't happen eyes in the sky GPS
coordinate onyx bucks ocean x-rays power
the ATV there's a laser l5 shallow-draft
riverine vessel another sense
respectable operation center planners
and scouts mobile unit agent there's
been all this talk about building a wall
on our southern border it cost up to
seventy billion dollars the wall we're
building the wall we're building the
wall folks we're building the world
turns out there already is kind of a
wall in addition to the hundreds of
miles of physical wall that exists
there's a wall of Technology of
surveillance where people and technology
and infrastructure spend days and nights
of staring at the border that's what I
went down to Texas to look at and I want
to understand if the billions of dollars
that we spend on this technology is
actually worth
these white blimps which are actually
called the aerostats are tethered to the
ground and have cameras on them these
cameras can zoom in to miles and miles
away to see what's going on in the
ground they can see in the dark with
infrared they're able to see any sort of
movement this thing is called a raid
tower I just spent like 20 minutes
inside of the control room man we were
able to like zoom in on people on the
other side of the border and it was like
super clear and perfectly focused then
you have seismic sensors let's say you
know you have one sensor go off a few
minutes later another sensor goes off so
that lets agent know that they're taking
a certain route now if it's that one
size around another sensor okay they're
taking another route and you know how
long it takes from point A to get all
the way to let's say the highway so it
kind of gives us an opportunity gauge
the amount of time that we have to
respond another way the Border Patrol
does this job is with motion sensor
cameras basically cameras that are out
in the middle the brush that have motion
trackers on it so when someone walks by
it takes a photo hunters actually use
these to track like deer and they can
see where deer are by taking a picture
of them whenever they come in front of
the camera done in this area of southern
Texas there's not a lot of walls but
they use the wall strategically to
funnel people to other places other
parts of the border that don't have
walls but where they have cameras and
where they have a lot of eyes
now it's time to go on some boats with
the Border Patrol you have to get past
us before you can even touch dry dry
land one of the tricky things about this
specific sector is that there's a really
windy river that goes throughout the
entire thing because of that a straight
line between two cities might be a
hundred miles but it covers 300 River
miles no matter how much fancy
technology they have here to stare at
the border the most important function
and skill that these Border Patrol
agents have is what they call cutting
sine there's brand new fresh sign right
there there gonna be somebody here right
now
what's that there's somebody here right
now sign can be anything yeah boot print
matted down grass stuff left behind if
you're right here and how it's kicked up
that tells us that he's running they use
old hunting techniques in order to find
out who was in an area where they went
how many people what they were carrying
over the years these Border Patrol
agents have developed a keen sense for
tracking down migrants Americans
directing it goes like that if you're
hunting you track might be a child you
never want to see children
one of the benefits to having the Border
Patrol be this collection of people and
technology is that you can move it
around instead of having permanent
infrastructure always in one spot you're
able to have this confluent
a sets we're constantly adapting we're
constantly looking at new technology and
different aspects that we can throw in
their way all of this costs us a lot of
money the Border Patrol's budget is 14
times bigger than it was in 1980 she's
gotten bigger and bigger every single
year a lot of that increase in budget is
going into this new technology into this
infrastructure and so the next question
is is this actually effective only 30%
of the people who are actually crossing
into our country get caught by the
Border Patrol 30% even with all of this
technology and all these people and all
of these mechanisms for staring at the
border including walls they still have a
very difficult time keeping people from
entering our country so in American
politics if we're gonna have this
discussion about securing our border we
need to come to terms of the fact that
this is inexpensive and very complicated
enterprise and the idea that we can put
up a wall or any other technology that
would just solve the problem is ignorant
and naive to the reality on the ground
you
