if you've walked or driven around
Washington DC you've probably noticed
these things
cast iron boxes installed on street
corners all over the city
sometimes with art or a little
neighborhood history inside they're
clearly pretty old and nothing used for
their original purpose anymore but what
are they and why are they everywhere it
turns out these cast iron fixtures were
vital for rapid communication in cities
like Washington before the telephone was
invented their fire and police call
boxes and they're really old some of the
original fire boxes like this one in
DC's Cleveland Park even date back to
the 1860 you can tell the original ones
by their harp shape by 1890 the Gamewell
fire alarm telegraph company had
installed call box systems in five
hundred American cities this map from
1891 shows where they were installed
throughout DC the red dots are fire
boxes and the blue dots law police boxes
if you saw fire in your own house or on
the block you could run down to the
corner and pull the fire alarm key it
was a telegraph system a huge network of
underground cables connected every box
in the city to the central alarm said
there was a fire alarm box in every
block of a great city the number that
the box would tap out matched a location
on a giant map so the fire department
was able to pretty quickly figure out
where to send fire it could be nothing
serious it could be a false alarm
the police boxes worked a bit
differently than the fire boxes
they came a little later and had an open
shape they were initially intended just
for Cleveland doing their round they
would have to go to a call box every
maybe four or five blocks and latently
tech orders know the terminating comp in
their district like the fire boxes the
police boxes had numbers corresponding
to their location and police stations
expected to hear from their officers on
patrol from a different box at scheduled
times officers would check in and say
all as well or they could use the box to
call for backup or receive updated
orders for their patrol area using the
call box system the Metropolitan Police
Department was able to keep track of
their officers throughout the city
before the invention of two-way radio
technology eventually caught up though
more people got phones in their homes
and the 9-1-1 system isn't
in 1970s to link the fire and police
departments the boxes slowly lost their
purpose but they're not totally
absolutely just yet in cities like San
Francisco and Boston for example you can
still reach the fire department through
Telegraph's in situations like
earthquakes and floods when power and
cell phone services in knocked out these
boxes are still reliably connected to
emergency services but most cities don't
use them anymore here in DC the call
boxes were abandoned in the late 70s and
they were just kind of left in place
because it was cheaper and easier just
to leave them in place and the people
just forgot amok they took off the boxes
themselves that had the little telephone
in it so just kind of looked like a
little point Victorian Ohana people had
no idea that watch but that changed in
2000 when members of the nonprofit
cultural tourism DC founded a project
called art on call
they gave city officials a cheaper and
more creative way to deal with the iron
relics turn them into art the city like
the idea and even helped out by
stripping the lead paint and priming
over 700 boxes before handing them over
to the neighborhood the idea is not to
just refurbish the boxes but for
neighborhoods to come together and
decide and what they wanted their call
boxes to look like one was important to
neighborhood angry wine as well in our
church these call boxes have watched
over the same street corners for more
than a hundred years and even though
they're not saving lives anymore they
continue to serve their communities as
carriers of culture and look of this
deal report all fires promptly or unless
you do how can we help
you
