this is the only dispatch I'll ever do
without a shirt on so don't get you
right now if you go to big international
competitions you're not going to see any
patient competitor and these guys want
to change that they want to make surfing
a legitimate sport in Haiti Def Con
Oklahoma Jordan because up to the
government about a open advisee 2020
Tokyo Olympics when surfing will become
part of the games for the first time the
balloon is gonna give you an edge when
you
look they've been able to cobble
together money and donations to bite
surfboards and start this little shop
where they run these competitions and
they train kids on how to serve me out
of surf today has me thinking about the
role sports plays in a society surfing
which may seem trivial to have your
surfers in the Olympics or to have them
in international competition is a symbol
of pride in national unity for countries
a lot of sociologists will actually
argue that sports play an important role
in country's development just as health
institutions and education and things
like that I'm not like a sports person
but I can concede that sports actually
do play a role in creating the sense of
shared identity men when they think the
women say sometimes II just needed if
you're both putting funds to this both
of these initiatives on to
so we actually just stopped here for a
couple hours setting out with the
surfers and food we're going to continue
the journey down the coast towards the
border tonight I will be sleeping on a
boat so bitching about those
