I'm going to go meet up with a guy named
Jerry he's a graffiti art very renowned
graffiti artist there was a massive
earthquake here in 2010 devastation in
Haiti son's victims of the earth where
just now beginning to learn the extent
of the devastate the entire world
mobilized to send people to help quite a
few naval vessels are now anchored off
port-au-prince from countries which are
sending in relief supply there are
10,000 NGOs nongovernmental
organizations here in Haiti 10,000 drive
around town and you see tons of
international organization vehicle UN
vehicles European organizations American
organizations it is known as like the
republic of eight ngos only a fraction
of that money went into the government
to help with long-term relief and things
like that so it's the private
organizations these NGOs who are doing
really great work but they're the ones
who are taking on a lot of these
services these services that typically a
government would be responsible
we just had interesting discussion about
what foreign aid means for this country
Jerry's now kind of thinking through
what he wants to symbolize this ad on
the wall gathering crowd here watching
Jerry do his work we always represent a
P as a beautiful lady the guy was about
to spill the flag to the flag and the
lady say no keep your money I have my
tag
I will come figure out with coloration
people all we can solve the problem and
now when we have solve the problem we
will call you to know to help us one of
the weird side industry that has cropped
up because of this NGO bubble is the
demand for fixers and translators and
drivers that pay really well instead of
getting a job that contributes to the
broader society you have people who are
saying man I could make a ton of money
if I just became a translator for you
know a un person and so you have this
huge burgeoning industry local Haitians
who are choosing to support the NGO
bubble as opposed to then that might
help the long-term development of the
battery
these groups are doing amazing work with
education with health with food
assistance where there is a huge need
here in Haiti but the big critique is
that this is offended they're here
helping day to day but in the process
they're hindering the development of the
broader institutions institutions that
are going to be here for decades the
government forces that are supposed to
be the ones providing these services
