most people know Vincent van Gogh cut
his ear off but most may not know he
shot himself at just age 37 37 years of
poverty and wonder less with a
reputation for failure he died two days
later but left behind some of the most
influential artistic works of his
generation but he also left behind a
stunning visual record of his wanderings
as a teenager
van Gogh worked at this art dealership
in The Hague and he drew the beauty
around him he was transferred to the
Paris branch in 1875 but he got fired
officially it was for disappearing over
Christmas for an unannounced vacation he
taught at this boys school in Ramsgate
England in 1876 but he quit to pursue
his religious fervor in peach Sunday
school he wandered through the
Netherlands in Belgium for some years
jumping from job to job he painted the
miners in this Belgian town while
pursuing a career as a preacher
it wasn't until 1880 when he was 27 that
he embraced being an artist evidenced by
numerous sketches and in letters to his
brother by 1886 in Paris you can see a
skills flourish influenced by the
Impressionism and post-impressionism
movements in France and it's notable
artists he was the romanticized idea of
a struggling starving artist but he
managed to befriend many artists of the
time including Dogon you can see their
influences on each other here in 1888
Gogan state would then go in the
infamous yellow house it was during
these tumultuous years 1888 through 1890
that he made all those cool paintings
he's likely seen already but his talent
still wasn't recognized he gave away a
portrait to its subject during his last
year in France the subject used it to
repair a chicken coop
then gave it away he finally entered an
asylum and saw an REM a during May 18
9 and continue to paint his surroundings
he made his last move to oversee laws in
May of 1890 van Gogh's life was short
and painful and he probably thought of
himself as a failure but he wasn't
though his life took a winding path you
can see him going straight towards where
he did better than anybody else in the
world could do
