this is you this is a professional
bowler
he's got great form
he's been practicing for decades but he
also sees a hidden pattern on every lane
every time it evolves understanding the
hidden oil patterns on every lane is a
key to understanding bowling
it separates the pros from the rest of
us and these nearly invisible patterns
can completely change how you bowl this
is not just some guy this is Parker
bonus third he's won a mess of titles
and earned more than three million
dollars rolling he's been turned into an
arcade game to explain bowling he's got
a Crouch like this and pointed barely
visible lines
here's your typical bowling lane 39
boards
it's got targeting guides like the dots
and arrows if you want a rule of thumb
each arrow is five boards apart with the
middle arrow at xx board for a strike
you wouldn't ball the hit between the
1-3 pins or the one and two pins this
area is called the pocket that's just
the beginning every Lane is coated with
oil it started for protection but today
these oil patterns hugely affect
strategy and scores right here the
pattern that they've put out on the
Delaine is roughly 41 feet in length
every bowling lane has a pattern usually
placed by an oil machine like this one
the PBA knows that showing oil patterns
is crucial sometimes they even put blue
oil on the lanes
here's bone bowling Oh
here's what typically happens see how
the blue is darker in some spots that
represents more oil on the lane your
ball starts here and because there's a
lot of oil it skids along the top think
of your tires skidding on ice as you get
further down the oil thins out if you
pull it spin on your ball it starts
getting enough traction to hook a bit as
it grabs on to the wood less oil more
traction when there's no oil left that
spinning ball will start rolling toward
the pins because it's picking up a lot
of friction on the lane that's really
important to hit the pocket that sweet
spot between pins only hooking can help
you do that and hooking depends a lot on
oil patterns you can see it when bone
bowls outside then a hook in when the
oil stops striking but for pros knowing
that there's oil on the lane is just the
beginning
these are the tour oil patterns of the
Professional Bowlers Association the PBA
they have crazy names like badger bear
and cheetah and they affect play a lot
I like the cheetah because I grew up
playing to got her I love throwing my
ball out near the edge of the lane and
letting hook back let's break down what
that means there's less oil on the side
less oil helps his ball hook early
because it's kids less and because
cheetah is a short pattern 35 feet
instead of say 41 feet the ball has more
space on the boards without oil you can
play closer to the edge because there's
more time to get back to the pocket and
hit the pins on a longer pattern you'd
want to play closer to the middle
because the ball would have less time to
get back to the pocket once you leave
the oil a Pro Bowler adjusts their speed
and ball type around this and they have
to make all these considerations with
every different pattern and that's not
all the oil on a lane is constantly
changing as the day progresses as your
league progresses guess what just
happened to your lane it really started
to break down see this pattern on the
right that bone drew these are from
right-handed bowlers their balls dragged
out oil over the course of the day that
means bowlers have to compensate by
bowling more weakly or closer to the
center because the lane has changed you
can see where this ball has picked up
oil look at the lines changing oil makes
lanes really complex look right there
you're gonna see oil there see you hear
some oil right in here we can see there
is a ball that is brought down there
yeah Wayne
you don't know that means bowlers have
to change their strategy as the lane
breaks down if they're a lefty like bone
it even gives them an advantage fewer
people are bowling on their side so the
oil breaks down less so although will
bowling alley might make you think of a
basketball court because of the wood
floor for pros it's more like a golf
course where every hole is different
every lane is different too so how can
people who aren't as good as Parker bone
the third use that to their
Vantage let's say you're a totally
recreational bola a high school kid on
Friday night half drunk college student
a friendless video producer whose
greatest thrill in life was standing on
a bowling lane you're not going to buy a
specially engineered ball or take
classes on form bowling is complex this
is like giving you advice for the first
move in a chess game but there are ways
that you can use your oil pattern
knowledge to improve your game this is a
house pattern you'll find this in a
typical neighborhood bowling alley
probably one like yours it's usually
about 32 feet buffed out to 40 feet it's
designed to help you knock down pins all
that oil in the center helps you stay
longer in the middle if you shoot your
ball there so you won't hook too early
less oil on the side helps you hook
earlier if you aim too far from the
pocket the pros have a really flat
pattern like this one in the US Open
they get no help at all from the oil but
you you get guided to the middle by the
oil it's like an extra bumper there's a
rule of thumb from where to aim you take
whatever the length is - 31 that's the
rule of thumb - 31 gives you a really
good formulated idea of where your ball
should be at the end of the pattern in
this case we're looking at approximately
41 - 31 means that we're going to be
approximately the tenth board
so you shoot for around that 10 board
this arrow may be a little further out
for your light ball and try for that
hook the lane is built to help you even
if you have a cheap plastic ball and
terrible form
so maybe this is not you but this
doesn't have to be new even so if you
want to learn more about bowling this
video just scratches the surface one of
my favorite channels is the USB C's
bowling academy they have really
in-depth videos that will tell you
everything you need to know about
bowling patterns and also hire strategy
when it comes to bowling
