Alex crossing otherwise known as Mira
masa isn't like most amateur musicians
in three years he's gone from
independent productions in his bedroom
to collaborations with a roster of
Martin talent for a big U album but how
does a guy making music in his bedroom
gain recognition so quickly from uramasa
things started to change when his music
was posted to a channel called majestic
casual when the just a casual side up
they were just sourcing you know music
that they thought was cool and uploading
it to YouTube and kind of sharing it and
that way is almost like a blog and I
think that really helped me you know
boost my online following their catalog
pulls from many corners of the world you
can see hydration prompt shoe gain jazz
house soul
Jpop this multi-genre global orientation
is a big part of more masses appeal
this is lovesick it was a breakthrough
track from your masters career it's also
one of the most played on the majestic
casual page if you break down the
elements of that song and look at them
individually it's all quite random it
actually started with the drum blew that
drum patent is built from the ground up
from from individual samples and then we
go right the piano part next and that
just kind of spawned the rest of the
song a cool kind of based on that peer
nervous
he added organic touches like steel hand
drums it's an amazing mix of percussive
and melodic if you have bass sitting
under it and then percussion on top of
it really nicely rounds out an idea in
manipulated vocal samples when I'm
sampling vocals it's always to add
something to the originally it feels
unnatural that is just add something
that's very digital and modern to it and
in other song she likes to introduce
unorthodox instruments I'm a sucker for
a good heart the heart has such a nice
traditional sounding quality to it that
when you juxtapose that with the harsher
kind of electronic production it always
sounds nice and sits in a really kind of
organic place and the same thing is for
like steel pans it's difficult to
imagine someone like Mira masa coming
about with a sound like this in another
era he's from a British island off the
coast of France
good samples UK dance hip hop Calypso
Japanese flute and that's because the
internet allows artists like Tim the
source inspiration from anywhere and
when you can find sounds from across the
world in your bedroom you can make an
album feel like a trip around the world
I'll get there
