here's what I think we can say about the
health care bill Senate Republicans
released today it takes what most people
don't like about Obamacare and makes it
much much worse you're always going to
hear health care is complicated it's
something people say to make you turn
away from it to let them do what they
want nobody knew that health care could
be so complicated it's not that
complicated this bill it has a lot of
moving parts but you can really get what
it does down into 140 characters health
care expert Larry Leavitt did it today
that is the core of this bill that is
what so many of the policies going to do
it makes health care more expensive for
poor people the first thing the bill
does the biggest thing it does the main
way changes American health care if it
cuts Medicaid so beginning in 2021 Obama
cares Medicaid expansion begins to phase
out that Medicaid expansion was
responsible for 11 of the roughly 20
million people who got covered with
insurance under Obamacare from 2021 to
2024 that expansion phases out entirely
beginning in 2025 all it's left is
Medicaid that we had before Obamacare
and then the bill takes aim at that it
moves to that Medicaid on to a growth
rate that doesn't keep up with how much
health care actually cost so year by
year medicated getting cut pretty deeply
against what it actually needs to spend
to cover people now why do you need to
do all this why do you need to put
hundreds of billions even over time
trillions of dollars in cuts to the
health insurance that the poorest people
in this country rely on there's actually
a reason you can see it right here in
the bill those couple of words that is a
huge tax cut it is a capital gains tax
cut capital gains is investment income
and in Obamacare investment income on
rich people got taxed a little bit more
to pay for health insurance for poor
people that Obamacare tax increase is
repealed and in order to fund the repeal
of it the Republican Party needs to cut
Medicaid they need to find some way to
pay for this huge tax cut to rich people
how big of a tax get to rich people is
this a similar version of it in the
House bill that looked at by the Center
on Budget and Policy parties the 400
richest families in America would get a
33 billion dollar tax cut that is about
as much as it would cost to keep the
Medicaid expansion going in four states
that are covering 700,000 people
back to the point about insurance it
covers less you'll see on page 41 some
language about essential health benefits
this recursive different points in the
bill what this does is it changes the
very definition of what insurance has to
cover in order to count as insurance
under the law one thing Obamacare did
was it defined what qualified as real
insurance it had to cover things like
pregnancy like mental health like
hospitalization the Republican bill let
states waive out of the essential health
benefits clause so you can have
insurance that doesn't cover
hospitalization you can have insurance
it doesn't cover pregnancy which was
very often the case by the way before
Obamacare this is important for a reason
people are always realized in addition
to meaning insurers can rip you off with
insurance it really doesn't cover what
you needed to cover it's also a backdoor
way of making it possible to
discriminate against people pre-existing
conditions if you have an expensive
condition insurance it doesn't cover
anything related to that condition does
not worth anything to you and you won't
sign up for it
another really telling policy in the
bill that gets it the same idea in a
different way on page five they change
what the bill defines as quote an
applicable median cost benchmark plan
that is obviously a beautiful turn of
phrase but what it means is that when
you get subsidies under Obamacare it is
not just tied to how much money you make
it's tied to how much a good plan cost
in the area and the way the law defines
a good plan is a plan that is about
seventy percent of your expected health
care cost the Republican bill changes
that benchmark plan it brings you down
to fifty eight percent that is lower
than the lowest plan most people can buy
under Obamacare right now what's
remarkable about all of this is it
Republicans actually knew what people
don't like about Obamacare listen to
Mitch McConnell the guy who wrote this
bill talking about Obamacare just a few
months ago
what you need to understand is that
there are 25 million Americans who
aren't covered now if the idea behind
Obamacare was to get everyone covered
that's one of the many failures in
addition to premiums going up
co-payments going up deductibles going
up in many Americans who
who actually did get insurance when they
did not have it before have really bad
insurance that they have to pay for and
the deductible is so odd it's really not
worth much - he's right
those were the problems with Obamacare
the bills didn't cover enough people it
did have two high deductibles it did
have too much cost-sharing if they'd
mean people ended up sometimes buying
insurance they couldn't use because it
costs him too much to use it he
understood that people were angry about
they wanted something better and he
promised them that he would give them
something better and then he has created
a bill it is going to make every single
one of those problems worse we'd love to
have some democrat support but they're
obstructionists they'll never support we
won't get one no matter how good it is
but we will hopefully get something done
and it will be something with heart and
very meaningful
