there's a common sort of idea out there
that Trump is a toddler he's a child
acting like a toddler having a major
meltdown as being as a child the mind of
a toddler he's a giant toddler and
there's nothing going around inside his
head and what people mean by that I
think is that he is poor impulse control
something the way he's wired where he
can't help himself can't seem to help
himself he can't control himself he just
can't seem to help himself alleys and
it's a way it seems to me of
trivializing some of the long doing that
you see from Donald Trump when he said
to Billy Bush and we were sorry they let
you do it you can do anything he's not
saying he doesn't understand the
consequences of his actions he's saying
that based on his experience in life
there will not be consequences and
that's actually really different from a
child's perspective on the world
a real toddler misbehaves all the time I
mean how they are earlier this week he
stuck his foot in a serving bowl he
sometimes likes to try to attack small
birds at the park but if you explain the
rules to him he normally follows them
it's a constructive process and Trump is
old he's been around he's not learning
Donna Trump is a man who has had a lot
of different brushes with the law
the very first time he appeared in the
New York Times it was because it was a
federal investigation into illegal
racial discrimination in houses that he
was running soon after the election he
paid a twenty five million dollar
settlement for defrauding students at a
fake university the first time you tried
to move beyond the wheels day business
he had a casino in Atlantic City the
Trump Taj Mahal he don't think a see no
with a lot of loans a lot of deaths and
in December of 1990 he comes to this
moment of crisis where he doesn't have
the funds to make the payment and he's
going to lose the casino if he can't
cover the interest so what happens is
his father sends one of the family
attorneys down in a car to Atlantic City
with over three million dollars and he
has him go buy chips from the casino
giving cash to the Taj Mahal
so in effect that's a law and eventually
the New Jersey Gaming authorities ruled
and he had to pay a fine for it but if
you look at the sort of balance of
considerations right if he hadn't taken
the illegal loan they would have lost
the whole casino with the illegal loan
he pays a fine but it's not that big of
a fine and he keeps the casino and
that's basically the impunity lifestyle
of Donald Trump this calculated decision
was made that to break the rules it
would be better for Donald Trump even if
he got caught looking for loopholes and
working with smart lawyers to find them
is what you're supposed to do we have
very much normalized a cultural rule
breaking in American business and Trump
is is an extreme example of that but
extremes tell you something about what's
going on beneath the surface
