raise your right hand Donald Trump's
presidency has blown into a crisis for a
marriage solemnly swear to tell the
truth the whole truth and nothing but
the truth so help you God so long as
Donald Trump is president the actions of
the US government and the men and the
women who work for it cannot be trusted
to understand why I want you to watch
two particular parts of James Comey
testimony at the time did you say
anything to the president about that is
not an appropriate request Rubio was
talking about Trump's request they call
me end the investigation into Michael
Flynn sir did you tell the White House
Counsel that is not an appropriate
request someone needs to go tell the
president that he can't do these things
I didn't know why I don't know i think
the sir as I said earlier I think the
circumstances were such that it was I
was a bit stunned and didn't have the
presence of mind then there was a
similar exchange with Senator Dianne
Feinstein now here's the question you're
big you're strong I know the Oval Office
and I know what happens to people when
they walk in there is a certain amount
of intimidation but why didn't you stop
and say mr. president this is wrong I
cannot discuss this with you it's a
great question maybe if I were stronger
I would have but in amazing about these
exchanges if they're the favorite
exchanges of Donald's defenders they're
so scary if you listen to them closely I
was so stunned by the conversation that
I just took it in and the only thing I
could think to say because I was playing
in my mind because I could remember
every word he said Republicans see these
back and forth as devastating to call me
the reasoning as I understand it is that
if Trump's request of komen was so
egregious so awful then how come call me
didn't tell Trump on the spot the
president's new at this that it was over
law how come he didn't quit right then
and there I remember saying I agree he's
a good guy as a way of saying I'm not
agreeing with what you just asked me to
do again maybe other people would be
stronger in that circumstance but that
that was a that's how I conducted myself
I hope I'll never have another
opportunity maybe if I did it again I
would do it better you can see some Sun
making a version of this argument on
Twitter he Keith even does it with a
laughing crying about you but James
Comey was a director of the FBI as
director of FBI he had a ten-year term
designed to grant him unusual
independence he led an agency with a
proud culture of resisting outside
interference he was exposed daily to the
most unnerving secrets and profound
threats that face a country in other
words Comey is one of the hardest civil
servants to intimidate but when trapped
in a room with the President of the
United States and when his job and all
the good he believed he can do in that
job is dangled before him even he felt
the pressure we know this is how a trump
orc asked for quality who looks for a
new hires Trump replied the thing that
is most important to me is loyalty then
there's this extraordinary passage from
the art of the deal
in it Trump is praising his mentor Roy
Cohn compared him with all the hundreds
of respectable guys who make careers
that are boasting about their
uncompromising integrity but it
absolutely no loyalty they only care
about what's best for them and don't
think twice about stabbing a friend in
the back if the friend becomes a problem
what I like most about Roy Cohn was that
he would do just the opposite so of
course job ask call me for lowly of
course he asked him to protect his
friend Michael Flynn it's a height of
naivete to believe the same stories and
playing out elsewhere and Trump's
administration degree that it ends with
James Comey or EE that every public
servants from tries to intimidate or
asks for loyalty welfare as well or have
as much integrity as James Comey think
of how this could have gone imagine it
wasn't Konya Trump and invited to dinner
but a candidate for the FBI directorship
who shared Trump's values he was more
focused on his own career advancement
than not as integrity imagined Trump
asked for moral tea and this person
immediately agreed we would never know
that conversation had happened but the
Federal Bureau of Investigation's would
now be serving Trump not the American
people
and this is what scares me it might have
already happened on Wednesday Trump
nominated Christopher Raider plays James
Comey as FBI director how do we know the
reason Trump chose Rhea over all the
other candidates isn't because ray said
yes I will be loyal to you is what I'm
saying third array maybe not maybe he
didn't do any of that but this is a
cloud of suspicion the US government
will be under so long as Donald Trump is
president we know Trump holds an office
gives him vast power for intimidation
for vengeance we know he's a man who
will use that power to serve his own
ends
we know that people who survive in
Donald Trump's employ are those who
carry out his commands we know that
those who refuse gets fired like James
Comey in the American system the
presidency is an office bounded by
constitutional limits and competing
institutions yes but it is just as
importantly bounded by the morality and
personal rectitude of whoever occupies
it there is little doubt before a commis
presentation the Trump was a poor moral
character there is no doubt after it
Trump is dangerously unfit for this role
the defense cannot be maybe the
president United States isn't
technically a criminal and then only
maybe I would ask Republicans hearing
this to imagine the word Trump replaced
with Clinton or with Obama how would
they feel if everything I've described
here was done by Hillary Clinton how
afraid would they be if it was President
Obama acting like this that is how they
should feel now the country needs more
from them right now needs more from all
of us than excuses for behavior that we
know is wrong of course
there needs to be a degree of
independence between DOJ FBI in a white
house and a line of communications
established the president's new at this
he's new to government and so he
probably wasn't steeped in the
long-running protocols that established
the relationships between DOJ FBI and
White House's he's just new to this
