steamed up hope I offended the leading
candidate in the French presidential
race the first round of voting is on
April 23rd which will narrow the field
to two for runoff election on May 7th
Melania pen is a far-right candidate and
represents the fuck Nationale the
National Front which is the far-right
party the National Front has existed for
a little over 40 years and mine the pen
has been running the public since
January 2011
Malka attend is the daughter of the
founder of the National Front jean-marie
Le Pen he founded it in the early 1970s
and it was considered a pretty racist
anti-semitic party and always very
marginalized the party was seen as
anti-semitic in large part because her
father had often minimized the Holocaust
no typically holidays no posix st mary's
aqua casita my daddy title is $12 MV
Ahmad yani but Marvin has distanced
herself from her father since 2015 in
part that's because she has tries to
change the message of the party and
change the branding of the party I
included from the National Front
listener my very own father I probably
could not with tolerate word
unacceptable work that would lead to a
caricature of our movement
by removing her father lepen hope to
move the party away from anti-semitism
but a recent comment has undercut those
efforts speaking to the press mine the
pen denied that France was responsible
for the build Eve roundup which took
place when French authorities arrested
jews and brought them to the belafonte
their indoor cycling track in Paris for
eventual delivery to Nazi concentration
camps so this girl solo relieved tsubasa
last advice on subdivision aura she said
this despite the fact that French
president Jacques Chirac formally
acknowledged guilt on behalf of the
French state in 1995 by questioning
French culpability in the Holocaust for
comments have reopened old wounds but
for the time being the pen remains of
leading contender as she has been
throughout the campaign and that's
largely due to her successful efforts to
rebrand the National Front instead of
being seen as anti-semites Levin has
worked to portray the party as
protectors of French identity and
friendship targets a no Tomoko Yoda to
division ii desuka news a boricuas
europe el Pasto syllabus oh dear Miss
Alabama ologies on in the apart in your
Pardo Kahlua a valor of horses horses
her big thing is about you know France
for the French which gets into some of
her policies which actually we would
perceive as racist or xenophobic but she
sees them as returning to a sort of
mythical France in a way it reminds us a
little bit of trial the Forgotten men
and women of our country will be
forgotten no longer I am very happy
about the election of Donald Trump I
think that the United States will once
again regain its former image in the
world which had become very damaged -
malaina pen there is a certain French
culture that should be upheld and that
that's being lost in the tide of
globalization she's particularly
anti-globalization she's against the
European Union and she would like to
radically reduce the number of
immigrants we are not going to welcome
any more people stop we are full up
during the 2015 refugee crisis asylum
seekers fled to Europe from North Africa
and the least event
landing in places like Calais France on
to a notorious refugee camp called the
jungle many Europeans still overwhelmed
by the sudden influx and mining the pen
sees the opportunity to elevate her
nationalist platform Princeton absorb
the same numbers of people as Germany
did or parts of northern Europe but at
the same time there was a sense that it
was out of control that Europe do not
know how to control its borders became a
real mystery hold on Cory Simone social
Amy federal immigration control is like
a long straight up this example a look
on the cross a non first please
so lemme gosh your massive look at it
again even though it was not connected
having the attacks in Paris in the fall
of 2015 and then again in in the summer
of 2016 and least exacerbated a sense of
a changing Europe the suits are coming
in of an attack a shooting in central
Paris hearing at least 20 shots and
seeing more than 15 dead two young men
no older than 25 with Kalashnikovs the
fear of attacks the actuality of attacks
tend to bolster support for closing
borders closing down immigration
policies and in turning an eye on the
community that people feel is at fault
while many leaders carefully avoided
making any assumptions about the
perpetrators I don't want to speculate
at this point in terms of who was
responsible for this Molina 10 was quick
to point a finger
speaking on the floor of the European
Parliament shortly after the attack she
forcefully blamed Islamic fundamentalism
tragedy in Paris las casas le déluge e
que pasa uno de la cultura Wisma cheese
Santos on da Matta leave me Islamist
in 2010 France was home to nearly 5
million Muslims over a million more than
the United States a country nearly 5
times the size of France and many French
Muslims are perceived as far more
religious than they are French in part
that is due to the very visual issue of
the veil in public space an issue that
has been under debate in France for over
25 years right now as a 2004 it's not
allowed in public schools
but they stopped short of banning it in
the street because that's seen as a
personal liberty scenario right marine
lepen would like to ban it in general
say possible again new new bottom so
toffee or Madonna Cove is national
liberté égalité a maternity sick for
settlement to secular is a future
plastic if you don't open a toxic jam
but setting classic liberal ideals
against Islamic fundamentalism marine
lepen promotes french nationalism by
claiming she is protecting French
identity similarly she has been
globalization as a threat to French
values Morgan is not a prio la voie
Salonika so de Valera lequel upon second
Street is surely perceived only Colima
of majority before church organist on
call we're independent said she will
hold a referendum to pull friends out of
the EU she would like to ask for a fresh
set as we just had a breakfast she like
returned to a sovereign currency and she
she very much would like to return to a
France of a very of a different era
if France was to be able to be actually
removed it would be the end of the
European experiment as we know it Dave
not a Dubnyk thing appalled as the
National Front poll numbers have risen
over the past decade the rhetoric of
other political candidates has begun to
shift to the right the parties to the
center-right begin to adopt a number of
her ideas even if she doesn't succeed
there's a conversation taking place that
is much much more skeptical of
immigration now it's become racialized
and tinged with this sort of anti Islam
Islamophobia space as well the real
question is does European nations are
they nimble enough to move into a space
of multiculturalism and is that what
they want and one of the things that you
know milena pendant will say is this is
not a battle for an election this is a
battle between globalization and
patriotism so she sets it up as the idea
that one is not a patriot
unless one buys into the idea of a very
specific type of France which a lot of
people would see themselves left out of
Oh
