when you spend all day in English and
everything around you his words you know
I imagine it's like being a podiatrist
we're like the whole world would speak
my name is Cory Stamper I'm an associate
editor at merriam-webster where I write
dictionary definition and my new book is
called word by word the secret life of
dictionaries for a while people would
ask what I did and I would just say I
work in publishing because the minute I
said I write dictionaries the first two
things out of their mouths were that's
so cool and oh my god I better watch
what I say around you which is so sad to
me because that's not my job my job
isn't to police what people say or how
people talk or the things that people
write even like my job is to record the
language and not impose some sort of
order on it I kept my practice defining
slips so every definer you practice
writing dictionary definitions there is
one in here that I I kept because I was
it was the only definition the director
of defining said oh it's pretty good and
didn't markup and that is bird strike
which I define does a collision in which
a bird or flock of birds hits the engine
of an aircraft the editorial floor is
incredibly quiet not just really quiet
but sort of sepulchral II quiet and you
also know that when people are looking
up if you happen to be walking by
someone's cubicle and they're looking up
and staring at nothing you know that you
absolutely should not interrupt them so
there's two different processes that go
behind it the first is a daily thing and
that's called reading and working and
that's where editors spend some time
every day basically reading sources and
you're reading sources to find newer
interesting vocabulary then the second
part is defining so when we revise a
dictionary you go through it a to Z and
you take all of the instances for
the word that you're looking at your
matching up the word and it's contextual
use with the existing dictionary
definition rocket fuel is a German word
we borrowed into English it's a word
that refers to the feeling or language
you have to be able to look at a
sentence and know that planting out the
lettuce with different from planting
information it's really sort of where
you can look at the warp and weft of
language and read it so forward to get
into the dictionary needs to meet three
basic criteria the first criteria is
widespread use if something is used in
The Wall Street Journal and vibe
then you figure that's pretty widespread
you the second one is it needs to have a
shelf life once words get into the
dictionary they tend to stay in
dictionary the shelf life of a word
really depends there are other words
that have very very very little use for
a really long time and then suddenly
have tons of use the Indian food korma
is a great example it first was used in
English back and I feel like the 1830s
or 1840s and it had very very very very
very little youth really intellect in
1990s when people started eating lots of
Indian food so korma is a more recent
addition to the dictionary even though
you know it's almost 200 years old at
this point the third criteria is the
word has to have meaningful use which
means a has to have a meaning the
example I child out is
antidisestablishmentarianism ready can
you spell antidisestablishmentarianism
which most people know is a long word
but it doesn't get used much in print it
confused as an example of a long words
antidisestablishmentarianism
you want to make sure that the word has
a meaning and is not just an example of
letters smushed together people think of
English as something that needs to be
defended right like it's this beautiful
pristine tower actually it's much more
like a child it's an organic living
thing so you sort of bring English into
being and then the minute that it gains
gross motor skills
it goes right where you don't want it to
go so there are two main approaches to
language one is prescriptivism and one
is descriptivism prescriptivism
essentially promotes what is called the
best practices of english prescriptivism
by its nature is exclusionary
descriptivism on the other hand as an
approach to language is it follows where
language goes dictionaries exists on the
on more of the descriptivists end of the
spectrum dictionaries record the
language as it is used not as you think
it should be used irregardless not a
work well irregardless of that
irregardless is a word that people have
a specific and vehement hatred for
irregardless really for like about a
hundred and fifty hundred seventy-five
years has been pegged as being
uneducated hick ish representative with
people who don't speak english very well
it's also entered into dictionaries
which just infuriates people it does me
no good as a lexicographer to enter
irregardless in this dictionary if i
don't tell you that when you use it
people are going to think you're a moron
so all dictionaries are are
descriptivists and prescriptivists
dangers what is the drama with this
with the soul-sword activated ballantine
could decimate the entire town it is a
favorite of a group of people called
etymological phalluses who believe that
modern words should only mean what they
meant in their origin language decimate
comes from a Latin verb that means to
select and kill one tenth of yeah you
just don't really need a word that
refers to selecting and killing one
tenth of all that often so decimate
gained what's called an extended sense
which means that people began using it
to refer to widespread devastation or
killing a bunch of people but they also
will ignore things like that the word
Stu used to mean whorehouse like
nobody-nobody says I hate that we call
this chunky soup stew stew should only
be used to refer to a whorer house they
want English to be pure and in their
minds
purity means that you stick to the root
word as closely as you can and that's
fine except that's just not how English
works
people think of English as this
monolithic thing but it's really not
it's it's much more like a river every
dialect of English is its own current
and all of those currents come together
to make this fairly cohesive looking
ribbon of water but every one of those
currents is integral to the direction of
English controlling water is pretty
difficult if you say well you know youth
slang really is stupid and we really
don't I mean there's no point even
paying attention to it you're actually
stopping really vital way that new words
come into English do you say business
jargon is ugly and stupid and no one
should ever use business jargon you know
I might agree with you but that's also
another important part of how words come
in English and that's an important way
that words are created this idea of
English being a river really sort of
celebrates that every single part of the
language is important for the whole it's
all part of the same thing you need all
of it for it to survive
I am so happy to explain what those dots
in the middle of the words are those
dots in the middle of the words are not
marking so far what they are is for
people who have to break a word so the
whole word won't fit on a line so they
have to find a place to put the up the
hyphen and put the rest of the word if
you walk away and that's all you
remember of this you will make every
dictionary editor the happiest person in
the world
