we are witnessing one of the weirdest
love stories in American history and no
I'm not talking about The Bachelor for
Christ's sake I'm talking about Fox News
President Trump he's moving very fast to
fix the country and keep his promises to
you the American people thoughts his
treated me very nice wherever the Fox is
thank you he is like the New Testament
character of Nathaniel and he's creating
jobs getting promises it's like he's
addicted to results and I will say Fox
treated a great they said it was great
he's securing our borders trying to stop
crimes against Americans Sean Hannity is
a great great person Fox and Friends in
the morning he's not afraid of anybody
he'll go into the lion's den the very
honorable people
he's the Fox News president it's like
Romeo and Juliet if neither of them
believed in climate change but like with
all Perfect Couples something is off
about them because it turns out that
Rupert Murdoch the most powerful person
in the Fox News empire doesn't actually
like Donald Trump he's described Trump
as an embarrassment to the country
Vanity Fair called him the billionaire
Donald Trump can't win over so what the
hell is going on why is the man who
should be Trump's most powerful critics
letting his network become a 24-hour
Trump Channel
one thing you should know about Rupert
Murdoch is that despite owning Fox News
he's actually a vocal supporter of
immigration reform and as an immigrant I
feel an obligation to speak up for
immigration
so when Trump entered the GOP primary by
attacking Mexican immigrants Murdoch was
not a fan no less than Rupert Murdoch
tweets that Donald Trump was wrong net
tweet was just the beginning
Murdoch grilled Trump on Twitter saying
he had lost it and accusing him of
embarrassing his friends and the whole
country sound like my ex back on Trump
on several fronts
that's Gabe Sherman he literally wrote
the book on the inner workings of Fox
News Murdoch was alarmed at how Roger
Ailes the former head of Fox News was
advising and helping trumpet using the
network to boost Trump so before the
first GOP primary debate which Fox News
was hosting Murdoch had an idea Murdoch
told Ailes and put an end to it and
Fox's moderators Chris Wallace Bret
Baier and famously megyn kelly at very
tough questions of trunk and really
tried to bury him that debate sparked a
long nasty public fight between Trump
and Fox News I don't know what games
Roger Ailes is playing but what's what's
wrong over there something's wrong
Trump's went after Fox on Twitter said
Kelly had blood coming out of her
wherever he even pulled out of a Fox
News debate forcing the network to
cancel it Pro Trump websites like bright
bar went after Murdoch for his support
of immigration calling him an open
borders globalist it was all super
surreal Trump and his supporters were
taking Fox News's media bias stick and
using it against Fox you did something
very dishonest you didn't report it and
it was working a source at Fox News told
Sherman that they take a ratings hit
every time they ran an anti Trump
segment Fox News receive you know the
deluge of emails and texts and phone
calls from angry viewers who were mad
that meg Kelly was feuding with Trump
Murdoch's
audiences firmly in the Trump camp
murdock was losing the fight he had
picked the Donald Trump at the beginning
of 2016
Murdoch changed his tune Super Tuesday
was a sweeping victory for Donald Trump
after Super Tuesday
Murdoch tweeted that Republicans would
have to unify behind Trump Trump and
Murdoch met privately and Fox News went
back to being the Trump Channel Trump
and Kelley had made peace and Hannity
was airing hour-long Trump infomercials
in primetime all I want is for a guy to
look at me the way that Sean Hannity
looks at Donald Trump the trumpet
vacation of Fox News has only gotten
worse since the election not only was he
presidential not only was he being
honest but he's being funny when megyn
kelly announced that she was leaving for
NBC Murdoch hand-picked tucker carlson
to replace her meaning fox's primetime
lineup is now three unbroken hours of
Trump cheerleading he let him have it
and I loved every minute of it and aside
from a few standouts like Chris Wallace
and iconic heartthrob Shep Smith Fox
News has basically become the Trump PR
channel I hear from my sources inside
Fox News who are frustrated that almost
every story that producers program has
to be filtered through a pro Trump
narrative and so if we're very clearly
seeing Murdoch heavy hand and who's
gonna pay for the wall Jakub next ago
things between Murdoch and Trump are a
lot better now they visit each other's
offices sit in on each other's
interviews even awkwardly climb into
golf carts together and here they are on
their way to dinner and for Murdoch
there are obvious perks to staying on
Trump's good side in January Trump asked
Murdoch to submit names for the new
chairman of the FCC which regulates much
of Murdoch's media empire Murdoch
probably also wants to see restrictions
put on the proposed merger between AT&T
and Time Warner one of his major
competitors there's a lot of regulatory
issues that Murdoch will want to weigh
in on and having a friendly Commissioner
at the FTC it clearly to you but if you
look past the PDA this relationship is
less of a romance and more of a hostage
situation for years Fox's business
strategy has been appealing to
conservatives while
attacking all other outlets as being
part of the mainstream liberal media
Steve Bannon is absolutely right the
media is the opposition party and that
strategy has worked for them a Pew study
found that 40% of Trump voters got their
election use primarily from Fox but the
strategy has also backed Fox News into a
corner take a look at this chart it
shows the ideological makeup of the
audiences for the cable news channels
Fox's audience is way more homogeneous
than the others if it loses Trump voters
it loses everything that's fine when
Trump likes them when he's giving Fox
primetime interviews and telling his
supporters to tune in by the way thank
you very much for the shout-out you gave
at your press conference but if Trump is
ever unhappy with Fox's coverage again
the network is extremely vulnerable
Trump has the power of the relationship
like someone who can't afford to move
out of their crappy boyfriend's
apartment Fox News is stuck defending a
White House that could get harder and
harder to defense
you
