okay so there's this question that I've
been asking myself a lot lately I'm
constantly distracted what I wasn't
listening my room is a mess I cleaned
this yesterday and I keep forgetting my
keys everywhere do I have ADHD and it
seems like a lot of people on the
Internet are asking the exact same
question but the thing is diagnosis can
be a bit tricky and the ADHD community
is divided into two sides people who
think ADHD is being overdiagnosed and
the people that think it's being under
diagnosed a key criteria for attention
deficit hyperactivity disorder is that
it shows up at a very early period of
life and that's according to the DSM a
manual published by the American
Psychiatric Association it's essentially
a huge guide with standardized criteria
that doctors used to diagnose mental
disorders and according to the latest
edition there are five big things that
need to be checked off to determine if
someone has ADHD first you need to show
persistent patterns of at least six
symptoms from at least one of two
categories and these symptoms had to
exist before the age of 12 be present in
two or more different settings interfere
with your social academic or
professional abilities not be quote
better explained by another mental
disorder if you do meet these criteria
the good news is that ADHD medications
are super effective you might be
familiar with Ritalin it was introduced
back in 1955 and since then more
pharmaceutical companies developed new
types of ADHD medication today about 75%
of ADHD patients respond to one of two
types of stimulants methylphenidate
witches in brands like ritalin and
concerta
amphetamine which is found in adderall
but not everyone thinks this boom in
drugs is a positive thing first of all
it's weird that a diagnosis that used to
be applied to about 3% of the population
15% an enormous increase in the
diagnosis this is dr. Alan Francis and
he believes that ADHD is being
overdiagnosed this is coincident to the
drug companies coming out with new and
very expensive products that gave them
both the method and the means to
aggressively market ADHD is a disorder
selling the ill in order to sell their
pills according to a number of studies
done in the u.s. Taiwan Iceland and
Canada the youngest kid in the classroom
was way more likely to be diagnosed with
ADHD than the oldest kid what this means
is that immaturity is being turned into
a mental disorder and being treated with
a drill in 2013 the DSM criteria
broadened to include children who had
symptoms by age 12 where previously it
required symptoms before the H 7 this
loser criteria could possibly increase
the risk of more children being
misdiagnosed for ADHD and put on drugs
and all drugs have side effects even the
effective ones studies have found that
ADHD medications increase heart rate and
blood pressure other side effects
include strokes depression addiction in
rare cases misdiagnosis can mean
treating the wrong problem altogether if
you make misdiagnosis of ADHD in an
adult who heads bipolar disorder and
given stimulant you'll become much worse
on the other hand it's a thirty years
this is dr. David Goodman and he thinks
ADHD is being under diagnosed and this
is a big problem especially for women
women are generally harder to diagnose
because while hyperactivity is more
common in men and boys inattentiveness
is more common for women and girls boys
are twice as likely to be diagnosed with
ADHD as girls are but many argue that
it's not necessarily because it's more
common in boys according to psychologist
ellen Lippmann studies of ADHD were
based mostly on hyperactive young boys
leading to a distorted understanding of
the disorder dr. Goodman also argues
that media portrayals of ADHD can add to
a stigma that keeps people from seeking
treatment
Darwin done that but you can call me a
DD on the fact that I have AIDS which is
like the worst student in the world
weren't you they said I had a B
something can we have class outside an
extensive study has shown that ADHD
patients who get treatment have much
more beneficial academic and social
outcomes in the long run than those who
don't
so the real problem here isn't really
whether there are too many or too few
people diagnosed with ADHD it's are the
right people getting the right treatment
and that's something that you're not
going to find on the Internet
