today's football players are huge it's
easy to see the difference when you look
at modern players versus the old school
players side-by-side this is William
Hamilton ger in 1892 he became the first
person to be paid to play football and
he's a decently big guy he's six for
adoption 78 pounds but compare that to
players today and he looks tiny
take the New England Patriots Allen
branch six six 350 pounds or the Atlanta
Falcons Jake Matthews he is six five 309
pounds back in 1970 only one NFL player
weighed over 300 pounds by 1980 there
were three by 1990 94 by 2301 and in
training camps in 2010 532 players
weighed over 300 these charts by Alex
Bressler show the change in NFL players
height and weight from 1936 until 2013
over time players got taller and heavier
on average notice that while most
positions had a slow increase in weight
these two skyrocketed those are the
offensive and defensive linemen the guys
that ran into each other at the start of
each play you can think of it as a kind
of weight class specialization happening
over time based on player positions
receivers and the guys who guard them
need to be fast down the field while the
linemen are basically sumo wrestlers
trying to either block or buy time for
the players moving the ball that size
specialization probably had to do with
the ways that the rules have changed
over time before the 1950s substitutions
were limited so players played multiple
positions offense and defense and that
discouraged specialization and then in
the 1970s blocking below the waist
became illegal which basically moved
offensive line action above the waist
before that if linemen were too
top-heavy they would be more vulnerable
to old little blocking techniques that
would knock out their knees on top of
that new training and dieting practices
of health players get bigger and
stronger more efficiently now these
heavy players are still really athletic
but the rapid increase in weight comes
with some serious health concerns a
government study in 1994 found that NFL
linemen faced a substantially higher
risk of dying of heart disease 52
percent higher than the general
population and three times the risk
compared to other NFL players and a 2008
study found that retired linemen were
almost
twice as likely to have metabolic
syndrome which includes a bunch of risk
factors like obesity and high blood
pressure and that makes them a lot more
likely to suffer from heart disease and
diabetes down the road than non linemen
so yes many players have gotten bigger
as the game of football has evolved and
they've helped their teams out by
bulking up but it does come at a price
