did you miss that here it is again and
again little slower it's probably still
not slow enough
this is Sports stacking
or maybe you call it speed stacking or
cup stacking but whatever you call it it
has become a huge sport it's in the
Junior Olympics versions are taught in
PE classes and show up on The Tonight
Show yeah look at that now what are we
under the one and LS
last year more than 600,000 people set a
world record for stacking at the same
time around the world this is a lot more
than a hobby Sports stacking is
basically a combination of formations in
which stackers up stack stack up calm or
down stack bring them down again it's
all a race against the clock for new
mind-bendingly fast time
the most common patterns are three cups
three cups and three cups three cups six
cups and three cups for a three six
three and then the cycle which has you
two eight three six three followed by
six six and then a one ten one which top
stackers can do like this
my name is Oscar Gomez I won the 2014
and 2016 US Nationals for women and I
won the Junior Olympics in 2015 saloon
the guy next to her is Mark Sikes
he's a former high school football and
baseball player who is coach of the US
Sports stacking team he's a master's
level competitor two masters basically
means that he's a grown up since a lot
of stackers our teams are younger he
holds occasional practices in his
church's basement and those practices
attract some of the best in the region
once I went to that first competition
then I was kind of hooked and then I
kept gone with the kids and you kept
competing amazing stackers like Melissa
and Mark have put in hours and hours of
practice their goal is to break personal
and world records but you can see where
school when they aren't even trying
this is Melissa just practicing look at
how quickly she doesn't slow set just to
clear her mind or look at this she's
setting up a 110:1 notice where her eyes
are looking she's not showing off
she just doesn't need to look anymore
here's a newbie stacking and here's
Melissa the point is not that Helen is
bad the point is that people like
Melissa have gotten so so good it can do
it all on autopilot and then when they
really try but at the same time stacking
is not just raw talent or even practice
alone the best stackers have to develop
highly advanced act
when you become a speed stacking Pro you
need to optimize for the milliseconds
like ji Wei Wu does I started stacking
when I was in sixth grade so I was 12 at
that time and I was introduced to an e
class so we've been practicing since
then that means breaking down the course
of the timer cups and different
competition formats to get
record-breaking time this is a stacking
mat and timer it starts when your hands
leave the timer and stops when they
return in that space in between there's
room for tactics to shave off crucial
fractions of a second most recently is
the way that people start timer so in
the past people would have to count on
timer flat very similar like this but in
this one but now people will cut their
hands around the cup and you have the
hands on the time here like this and
really it's not the conventional way to
do it but doing so enhances the time it
takes for you to get onto the first cup
and having just those little differences
and makes a huge difference on your time
playing to the timer is crucial here's
Melissa completing an amazing cycle but
because the stack calls after she hits
the timer too hard what's called a
scratch the time doesn't count
oh no you have to be sure you don't miss
the timer - one that happened to me I
was touch the timer and started
celebrating and she's going back to my
friends but the timing never stopped so
death took another 3.1 seconds back to
my time otherwise has been about that
first time ever to top stackers the
right cups are just as important you can
see that on the pro cup the holes in the
top are wider than the ones
my that allows more air to get
through different stackers like
different cups these are just a few of
the sets that she weighs up these inks
you can really feel them and that
knowledge along with different grip
styles and all sorts of other
adjustments gets used in all different
events it even works in the truly
mesmerizing doubles of that because this
sport is for a YouTube generation new
strategies travel almost instantly that
keeps the competition really fierce
that's led to blazingly fast and close
world record time as well as some
growing pains to the Sport Stacking
started in a California Boys and Girls
Club in the early 80s this is padding
number four million five hundred
eighty-six thousand seven hundred and
nine for the original cup holding the
bike but kids and PE teachers embraced
it far beyond Oceanside California you
get a wide range I mean you get some
kids who really really enjoy it I may
enjoy the competitive side of it some
kids like the idea that you can you
don't have to compete at it they'll
build build pyramids they'll build
towers they'll try to stack the cups and
balance them in different ways so it
really brings in so many other things
than just the stacking as a sport the
score quickly professionalized both as a
business and in the intensity of the
competition this is the patent for that
stack mat which is sold to stackers and
yet the rubik's cube competitor
naturally there's a lot of other merch
you can high as well because speed
stacking is a pretty young sport the
sport and the brand are kind of
inseparable
here's the address for the people who
make speed stack cups and here's the
address for the World Sports stacking
Association which runs the competition
you get the idea that maybe a problem it
may not as the spore tries to mature but
those business concerns don't really
affect why people that I think for every
stacker is different what attracts them
I have always been involved in sports
I'm very competitive and when I'm
stacking the cup I'm listening for you
know little things that make me feel
good like the rhythms the sound
sometimes you'll get a really good time
but you don't feel like the sack was
clean like there was something in there
that wasn't clean
so there's for me that's what it pulls
me in because I want to better myself
like seeing improvement in what you do
and that drive that's always there when
the stacks are loud and the crowds are
rap but it's also there in dorm rooms
and bedrooms and in the quiet moments in
basement too so after an embarrassing
number of times I was able to get my 363
just under five point seven so you have
some context is how old I am the world
record for that event is 1.78 six
seconds
