this is one of my favorite hip-hop
records
it's a Ghostface Killah ironman released
in 1996 listen to fish the 9th track on
the record services oh please great
bonus river already yes this archetypal
Ghostface verse is cryptic stream of
consciousness and in-your-face but it
also gave me a sense of deja vu
that's because four tracks before you'll
hear this verse from Raekwon shit is
like a yukon don't spread it out like
great wu-tang must just love Grey Poupon
and makes sense they rap about food a
lot but as I was working on a video
about Kanye West
I heard him to rap this on his 2016 song
facts
per lecture I give them Bank coupon on a
DJ muscle that's fully 20 years later I
listen to hip-hop all day long so I
started logging any time I heard Grey
Poupon referenced in rap lyrics it turns
out Grey Poupon is everywhere why is
this little jar a fancy mustard so
ubiquitous in rap music well it starts
here the finer things in life happily
some are affordable like Grey Poupon
Dijon mustard these add started in 1981
and immediately they were a hit when the
first ad was tested in Seattle the brand
reportedly saw 100% jump in sales they
tested it again in New England and the
same jump in sales happen proving it
wasn't a fluke previously the brand had
only ever used print advertising to
appeal to an upper-class audience but
mustard was the condiment of the 80s and
Grey Poupon wanted a piece of the pie
even at a higher price point a jar of
Grey Poupon was nearly double the price
of French's or Golden's so in 1981 this
ad aired telling consumers across the
u.s. that Grey Poupon was gourmet and
affordable while the phrase pardon me
would you have any Grey Poupon inserted
itself into the American lexicon over
the next 10 years that campaign
emphasized the mustards affordability
while traveling on trains planes and
yachts this of course brings us to the
early 90s when Nabisco wanted to change
up the campaign this is a client you
have a pretty memorable campaign here
you hobby spent any money at all I think
that you should not change the campaign
but we should just figure out a way to
make it more approachable that's Lee
Garfinkel he worked for the agency that
made the ads yes we came back with the
idea of the guys kind of poking fun at
each other this is about the mustard
again yes
would you have some food since are
offering yes thank you I would
they added a squeeze bottle to emphasize
that Grey Poupon was a fancy mustard you
could use every single day in sales took
off again
that's a mirrored dose effects the
influential East Coast hip hop duo began
recording their debut album dead serious
des effects are the ones who crammed
multiple syllables in a bar by adding
giggity at the end of work when dead
serious was released in 1992 it went
platinum in the single they want effects
quickly reached the top ten on the
Billboard charts but it's a song
eastcoast that marked what is probably
the first Grey Poupon reference in
hip-hop history within that same month
Wayne's World premiered and pardon me do
you have any Grey Poupon
by the spring of 1992 this glass jar of
bougie white wine mustard spread across
the pop culture landscape and started
one of the weirdest trends in hip-hop
music but now I got no Grey Poupon well
anyway I said that's no Butler that's my
mom let me in on the gusset
I heard you mr.keshe I guess you mean to
ratna's opalsen yes we have this thing
we do recall boys this chart shows the
rise of Grey Poupon and recorded music
from 1992 to 2016 and it reveals
something really interesting about how
words are used in hip-hop culture this
particular brand of Dijon mustard has
been like referenced a lot and rap music
I've used it a bunch
it comes up in freestyle all the time
that's rapper open mike eagle and I
think in this particular phrases a
couple reasons for it and one aspect I
think it's just how convenient of a
rhyme it is and it rhymes with like
coupon Neutron and futon and like all
these things are kind of around 26 and
now they lived a lifetime of a few times
were full times of great coupons in
shirts trying to get a little save as
yet Cooper I've been to a one a day I'm
hitting new proms out of the hundred and
eighteen songs mentioning the mustard
the most common rhyming word is coupon
with 20 followed by futon and crouton I
got the great football you've been
warned this all be returned well done
for later yeah
don't smell the dawn on my breath fess
up not only is Grey Poupon a good
rhyming word it also represented
something hip-hop has always kind of had
this obsession with like status symbols
if you have money you have Grey Poupon
you don't have like French's mustard
it's just I think this is a very
effective commercial in that way mister
the song's mentioning Grey Poupon over
the last 24 years have used it as a
symbol of class half we're using it to
brag or using it like you says the
juxtaposition to how poor they were try
not to do wrong but I want to be an MMO
asking for the Grey Poupon for my change
I stick a savior change from a coupon
others have used the Dijon mustard to
signify how exquisite they're rapping
skills are yeah you like a half-off
coupon me I'm like a fresh jar greatcoat
ah you need a mic to any some poof arm
pull up in your driveway see me get my
home phone and the rest well
Grey Poupon sell sex did you win the
mundo them slow moves on but you want to
lose all my Grey Poupon
so have you have you been able to find a
2007 event that made it spike I think I
did Mike by 2007 the commercials hadn't
been on the air for a full decade so why
is it that from 2007 on there's just a
huge jump in the number of references
well the majority of Grey Poupon songs
in 2006 and 2007 were on albums that
debuted at number one had hit singles
and got a ton of radio airplay for
instance Jim Jones says Grey Poupon in
his hit song we fly high
the track took off in late 2006 when the
New York Giants Michael Strahan started
celebrating sacks with a jump shot which
was a reference to the song by 2007 kids
and dance clubs across the country were
drunk shouting every time ballin was
sung it ended up being the 28th most
popular song by the year's end to step
by on CAD and accompanying dance called
the two-step and again it features a Jim
Jones first that references Grey Poupon
the same year produced show it to me by
ti within le verse that album debuted at
number 100 caught you niggaz in the
Chevy pass great football and boom off
of what is probably Lil Wayne's greatest
mixtape to drop three more clips than
any movie you saw I pulled up on your
leg I need some Grey Poupon did I
mentioned Southside the Kanye West
common club that kind of I had to get my
back about three times I knew that I
couldn't top recruit window
my people asking him do you have any
great company it was nominated for a
grammy for best rap album that year from
2007 to 2016 a huge percentage of Grey
Poupon songs ranked on the Billboard
charts or were on albums that did the
commercial itself probably had little to
do with the recent rise of Grey Poupon
and lyrics it seems that the more Grey
Poupon was in people's ears the more it
was wrapped by other artists in
subsequent years nothing proves this
more than the song Scott met by the
Dutch rap group do you one day you
ordered a it's entirely in Dutch except
for this line money of the tongues I
looks good at all nothing like a smile
Anglophone another summer I think I come
I reached out to Kraft Heinz who now
owns the Grey Poupon brand to see if the
Dijon mustard has even sold in the
Netherlands I got this hi Estelle no
it's not did you ever notice that a lot
of rapper eats use the word being a
rapper and being a kind of rapper I am
I've always faced like a lot of
attention to worse but I look at your
list I was just dumbfounded I've just
had me and know I did it was that many
times you know looking at that list it
almost has to be some conscious I think
if anybody was aware that it had been
used at many times it would still use it
nothing nothing as quite as as
ubiquitous is that hey guys thanks for
watching
there are two links in the description
below one to a grey poupon playlist on
Spotify with all of the best Grey Poupon
songs and another to voxcom
I partnered with Sarah on our graphics
team and she made an amazing interactive
complete with a timeline and sortable
list for all of the songs you can play
them here all of the all the crazy creep
converses thanks for watching and of
course please subscribe I stirred
