if you're watching local news right now
it's hard to avoid stories like this one
up here in Facebook there's they said
there was killer crimes around here that
were killing people when we saw a man
with all black on crime that's gone in
like a red wig this wave of clown panic
started in late August when police in
South Carolina received reports about a
suspicious character dressed as a clown
who was trying to get children to follow
them into the woods residents reportedly
took matters into their own hands and
began firing shots into the woods we do
know that it's striking fear among
members of our public and so we have
patrols out in each of these areas and
wherever we think we might anticipate
that person we've added patrols to see
if we can intercept the person and the
activity and since then police around
the country have been inundated with
complaints about clown sightings and
prank calls falsely reporting sightings
and residents in some communities are
asking if they're allowed to shoot
clowns on site as you can hear the
police officer saying these arrests are
usually made for disorderly conduct
though some states also have anti mask
laws that prevent people from concealing
their identities in public the
consequences of these copycat pranks are
playing out in a very real way schools
in several states have been put on
lockdown after threats from people
posing as clowns on social media and
word-of-mouth reports of clown sightings
on top of that one student in Georgia
was arrested for bringing a knife to
school to defend herself against clowns
and another in Virginia was arrested for
posting requests on social media for a
clown to kill her teacher eopns State
hundreds of students flooded the streets
in search of clowns that had allegedly
been seen around campus though police
reported that there were no credible
sightings or threats
turns out the clown backlash may be more
dangerous than the pranksters themselves
at the end of September a 16 year old
who was allegedly scaring neighborhood
kids while wearing a clown mask was
stabbed to death after a confrontation
now this isn't the first time things
like this have happened
as recently as 2014 there was a similar
clown craze in the u.s. that became a
small social media trend and spread to
France but the roots of people dressing
up as clowns as a prank are a lot older
than social media in 1981 in
neighborhoods around Boston police
received over 20 calls about children
having seen mysterious clowns local
schools panicked police questioned a
clown that they believed to have been
the one children had seen only to find
that he had just been making rounds to
department stores as part of his job a
few days later police in Kansas City
were flooded with an estimated 60 to 100
calls about a demon clown scaring
children armed with a knife parents were
on edge after local parochial schools
sent home a note warning them about a
killer clown but police weren't able to
find any real threat when they blamed
the hype on prank calls and children's
imaginations now all of this happened
just a year after John Wayne Gacy was
charged with the murders of 33 people
mostly adolescents committed over the
course of the previous decade
Gacy worked as a clown for charity so
there was a lot of pre-existing fear
around this image of a dangerous clown
and for the next 25 years
appearances kept happening East Chicago
in 1991 Washington DC in 1994 south
brunswick in 1997 when you think about
what first made people afraid of clowns
it's tempting to pin it to Gacy or
movies like it and poltergeist and
killer clowns from outer space but to
understand how clowns gain the dark
associations that they have today you
have to go back to the British Regency
era back when a clown named Joseph
Grimaldi was the most popular
entertainer in England if you look at
the costumes that he wore you can see
how he invented a lot of the classic
clown look as we know it today the
colorful hair the extravagant clothes
the white face makeup but Grimaldi rose
to stardom at a time when what it meant
to be famous in pop culture was changing
an interest in celebrity culture began
to emerge you know people were
interested in the personal lives of
people that they saw in public so being
a public person
no longer enough people wanted to know
about the private individual and the
secret and potentially scandalous
aspects of their private life and that
private life had a dark side
Grimaldi suffered from depression and
alcoholism when he was first starting
out as a writer Charles Dickens edited
Grimaldi's memoirs and later
immortalized a version of that disturbed
clown character in his first novel The
Pickwick Papers the image stuck
even though Entertainment went through
some major changes slapstick clown humor
always worked well in situations where
you couldn't always fully see or hear
what a performer was doing like in large
auditoriums or in movies without sound
as mainstream culture changed clowns
became darker characters think of a
wildly popular clown who's very highly
visible in popular culture there isn't
one or rather there are - there's the
Joker is a sinister psychopath and
there's Krusty the Klown who's morally
financially and physically bankrupt so
the days of you know Howdy Doody and and
other figures are unfortunately gone so
I do have something to be for the
clowning community I mean their numbers
have dwindled and they really have been
reduced to children's party performers
and you know I mean that's quite a
considerable demotion from the place
that they've occupied in our culture
really for 2,000 years if not longer and
into ancient classical history so we
want to we want to encourage people who
may be inclined to dress in clown
outfits not to do it and to avoid doing
it at all a lot of police statements
have made sure to clarify that these
aren't real clowns they're people
dressed as clowns and while that might
sound like a silly distinction it's
actually really important for the
professional clowning community
traditional professional clowning is in
a rough spot membership in the world
clown Association which is the nation's
biggest trade group for clowns
reportedly drops from about 3500 and
2004 to 2500 in 2014
since the latest wave of sightings many
professional clowns are afraid to make
public appearances some have even
canceled events out of fear for their
own safety I'm more afraid for the clown
than I am for you know the citizen
because then pretty much everybody down
here got guns I don't want to be the one
that you know ride up on you and have a
encounter with you because I don't think
it's gonna end well if you want a better
idea of the scale of the clown prank
epidemic that's going on right now you
should go over to atlas obscura this guy
named Derek Schilling has put together
this interactive map that looks at all
of these sightings all of the reports
and all of the false reports that have
come out in recent weeks I haven't tried
to count everything on this map but
there is a lot
