the Republican candidate Vice President
Richard Nixon and the Democratic
candidate senator john f kennedy
Presidential Debates in the US have
become bigger and bigger spectacles
Reagan's presidential plane as our
backdrop but a smaller share of
Americans are actually watching them
compared to the 70s and 80s that may be
partly because the debate format is not
nearly as useful as it could be it does
more to create news than give voters
information ok without having to
confront one another on the issues
candidates can focus more on landing
zingers senator you're no Jack Kennedy
and less on explaining their positions a
mainstream media nonsense put out by her
Kathleen Hall Jamieson in a bipartisan
group of former campaign advisers are
trying to fix that their first
recommendation is ditched live audience
he referred to my hands of their small
something else must be small I guarantee
you there's no problem I guarantee you
hear the audience now listen to how it
plays without them if they're small
something else must be small I guarantee
you there's no problem I guarantee the
audience at home is being cued by the
audience in the studio and it's not
being consciously cute it has no control
over that I am NOT going to exploit for
political purposes my opponents youth
and inexperience like a sitcom laugh
track researchers have shown that an
audience reaction can influence voters
at home my opponents youth and
inexperience when the applause is
removed Reagan's performance rating
drops there's just too great a risk that
there's going to be an outbreak of
applause or jeering or cheering that
provides enough of a cueing to enough of
an electorate to swing a close election
the Kennedy Nixon debates didn't have
any live audience those were terrific
debates
since Nixon Kennedy the moderator every
single presidential debate has been a
network journalist they're the ones
asking the questions except in Town Hall
debates where the audience participates
what they do for a living is they
produce breaking news so what they're
trying to do is advance a news agenda
they also produce news on the assumption
that you've been following news for a
long period of time well most people
watching debates are not high news
junkies they don't pay a whole lot of
attention to news quote one high tax
common core liberal energy loving
Obamacare Medicaid expanding president
is enough you think you went too far on
that and do you want to apologize to the
government someone who doesn't live
breathe in some news might be a better
proxy for the American public
so we've recommended looking for example
to former retired judges looking to
college presidents looking to historians
the thought being that they might ask
different questions but they also might
think differently about what the
electorate needs to know in addition to
asking questions a moderator has to
manage time and try to keep the
candidates on topic twenty just like to
respond he's respond that I've got it I
got him to give the birth certificate so
I'm satisfied with it and I'll tell you
why I'm satisfied with that was because
I want to get on to defeating Isis
Lester Holt was the one who had to
follow up to say but the question was
just like she can't bring back jobs
she can't produce I'm sorry I'm just
gonna fall that I will let you respond
to that because if there's a lot there
but we're talking about racial healing
in this segment our thought was pull the
moderator roll back increase
accountability of candidates and
increase their obligation to hold each
other accountable and the moderator
needs to play that role less so to
create that obligation the Annenberg
group suggests a chess clock model where
each candidate gets a chunk of time to
allocate as they see fit just clock
model the moderator tees up a topic then
first candidate who wants to take it we
hit the chess clock start talking if the
other candidate want to interrupt hit
the clock my tax cut is the biggest
since Ronald Reagan I'm very proud of it
it will create tremendous numbers of new
jobs but what I have proposed
would cut regulations and streamline
them for small businesses regulations
you are going to regulate these
businesses out of existence what I have
proposed would be paid for by raising
taxes on the wealthy because they have
made all the gains in the economy you
want to increase the regulations and
make them even worse I'm going to cut
regulations but I'm going to cut taxes
big league and you're gonna raise taxes
big league end of story let me get you
to pause right there because we're right
now the candidates simply interrupts on
the other candidate tries to continue to
speak
Donald supported the invasion of Iraq
wrong that is absolute wrong proved over
and over again we act in some of the
cases where Donald Trump is saying wrong
I do not say well what is he going to
say after that I think I do not see that
he's benefiting by tagging the statement
as inaccurate but not having to take on
any obligation to explain why in the
chess clock model interruptions carry
the burden to continue speaking which
might mean fewer one liners more staying
on topic and as a result we might have a
better idea of what they would do as
president
if debates are good at something that no
other forum is good at it's a getting
both candidates on the same topic saying
things about the same subject so you can
forecast what they would do as president
you want the format to increase that
likelihood
