I loved the 1980s when Chuck Norris used
to kill swaths of my people with a
machine gun in some Brown booyah base of
a country it was awesome to watch
Muslims are always terrorists violent
terrorists terrorists bad people shows
like 24 you constantly have this
reinforcement of a very negative image
of Muslims there was like these
cardboard angry stock Brown characters
who used to waste bullets shooting
machine guns in the air which I thought
was very inefficient no son of
immigrants would ever be that wasteful
whistle women aren't always portrayed as
like the oppressed women the terrorists
or the hyper patriot I remember when I
was a kid I would pray that like Bart
Simpson became Wilson or I'd pray that
spider-man became Muslim because we
didn't have any role models if you could
create a Muslim protagonist what would
they be like a black man with an African
name who was elected president just
kidding I would love to see a Muslim
character who saves the day a Muslim
woman who was at the forefront fighting
the system fighting oppression it was
like binge watching television who like
really loves doughnuts like who's very
bad at bowling an awkward guy that
sweats a lot
look he's eating chicken briyani and you
know watching Game of Thrones just human
beings you know someone like me you know
living from paycheck to paycheck dating
Scarlett Johansson who just so happens
to be a Muslim
and that's really the portrayals that I
want to see like just normal human
beings but now you have chose like the
night of where at least we're getting
accused of crimes of passion from once
as opposed to terrorism so we're slowly
moving on up what we as Muslims have to
do is learn to harness the power of pop
culture as a means of reframing
perceptions towards Muslims right now we
need those shows where you have Muslims
playing good people we need it
