you know I suppose I could have stayed
home and baked cookies and had teas but
I what I decided to do was to fulfill my
profession which I entered before my
husband was in public life Hillary
Clinton has been a major political
figure my whole adult life I have been
covering her in one way or another since
I became a journalist and no politician
I've covered has left me so confused
there's the Hillary Clinton I watch on
the nightly news and that I read
ascribed in the press she gets described
as cold unlikable one of the most
robotic statements I've ever seen
calculating manipulative since I heard
Clinton isn't stiff she's not a great
campaigner and the private email server
and the Goldman Sachs paydays they
frustrate even the people who like her
most polls show most Americans doubt her
basic honesty and then there is the
Hillary Clinton described to me by
people who have worked with her people
who understand Washington in ways I
never will there Clinton gets described
in superlatives she's brilliant and warm
and funny and authentic and she gets
things done
everybody says that she gets things done
they master policy strategist how do you
move the policy to actually make it
happen she inspires this loyalty which
to be honest is an order of magnitude
more than what most politicians get here
in DC even when I don't work for Hillary
like I don't actually technically work
for Hillary you still feel a little bit
like you were brewery I've come to call
this the gap and I spoke to dozens of
her colleagues going back to her time at
college in the Arkansas governor's
mansion everybody who's worked with her
acknowledged the gap and so does Hillary
Clinton herself it's always amusing to
me that when I have a job I have really
high approval ratings but I'm actually
doing the work and then I seek a job I
run for a job and you know all of the
discredited negativity comes out again
and you know all these arguments and
attacks start up and so after
interviewing Clinton I interviewed all
these people who have worked with her
who know her people who like her people
who've clashed with her and I asked
every one of them the same question to
begin what is true about Hillary Clinton
when she's governing it is not obvious
about her on the campaign trail what
accounts for the gap to my surprise all
these people I spoke to at some point or
another in our conversation they all
said the same thing every time she
really truly is interested in in
listening to people it didn't sound like
a very good answer
part of her gift is that her ability to
absorb a lot of information but not just
clinically like reading a briefing book
she wants to hear information real
people real voters she listens the first
few times I heard that it's not like
such a what a gendered
compliment she listens her strengths I
think are related you know really hear
what people are saying and incorporated
what she's doing after hearing it 11 12
15 times though I began to take it more
seriously to ask more questions about it
Clinton actually kicked off her 2000
Senate campaign with a quote listening
tour the press hated it they thought is
just one more way she was dodging having
to say real things about the heart
issues but to her it wasn't
Hillary did another of these listening
tours again to kick off a presidential
campaign she was doing a bunch of events
in New Hampshire and heard a ton about
the opioid addiction problem in New
Hampshire and then decided to put
forward a policy an opioid addiction and
a bunch of other political leaders have
done that since let's state something
obvious here let's stop and talk about
the elephant in the room there is a
gender dynamic at play here
women weren't guaranteed the vote in
this country till about 1920 you don't
have to assert some grand patriarchal
conspiracy to suggest the campaigning a
process created by men dominated by men
and until recently limited to been my
subtly favored male traits melt rates
may be like talking over listening it's
really interesting to look at the
Democratic primary through this lens
he's a great talker that's where his
skills come from she's a great listener
that's where her advantages come from
and this time the listener won but it
felt illegitimate to a lot of people
Clinton's endorsements her her firewall
of allies it made her look like a tool
the establishment while Sanders his
speeches left people marveling at his
political skills now I want to be clear
I'm not saying that opposing Clinton was
sexist I'm not saying she should have
won what I'm saying is if presidential
campaigns are built to showcase the
stereotypically male trait of standing
in front of a room speaking confidently
a campaign bill on charismatic oration
feels legitimate in a way that a
campaign built on building deep
relationships does not but here's the
thing deep listening building those
relationships it is crucial to the work
of the president and it also can get you
in trouble
I'm gonna walk through a couple ways
Clinton uses her real skill and it is a
skill of listening his leadership style
but you also get a sense of how her
process can go awry this guy Bob
Greenstein he has devoted his life to
understanding and improving policy that
affects the port and when I asked him
about whether Clinton's listening ends
up in anything he got really specific
about how this works
Bill Clinton had run on a platform that
included the slogan nobody who works 40
hours a week and has a child in the home
should live in poverty in America we
should reward working family and lift
them out by expanding the refundable
Earned Income Tax Credit if you work 40
hours a week and you've got a child in
the house you will no longer be in
poverty when his first budget came out
in February 93 it indeed had a large
expansion of the Earned Income Tax
Credit but it fell short a policy is
flawed in a pretty technical and
complicated way so we did a paper
showing this I had a little quote from
Bill Clinton and the lead said but his
plan fall short of the goal I sent it to
her top policy advisor who immediately
gave it to her at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon she actually listens she
engaged she reads the memo at 9 a.m. the
next morning I received a phone call
from the White House and then she goes
and gets the change done to my amazement
they withdrew the original proposal and
submitted the revised one within a few
days and it became law in 93 this was
the heart of one of the biggest any
poverty advances of the last several
decades and lifts millions of people out
of poverty I heard stories like that
again and again Clinton apparently has a
habit of talking to people and stuffing
little notes from her conversations in
suitcases and when she was in the Senate
every few months she would make her
whole staff assemble they would dump out
these suitcases full of basically trash
and then they would try to organize the
notes to extract policy ideas and to
figure out problems they should address
based on what she's heard people on her
Senate office told me that this really
did lead to legislation to new
amendments
you can't understand her without
understanding this part of her process I
think what if Hillary Clinton's real
gifts is it's her ability to to listen
to you shut up not talk not sit around
and just tell me what I want to hear and
there's blather on and on that's many of
my friends who have been in the
political world dude
she basically um cares thinks and then
talks about where her views are and you
don't walk away feeling like I just
wasted an hour of my time I heard
another story about her at the State
Department that when she came in there
she'd to win the trust of all this
career stuff people who didn't know her
who hadn't come to work for her and and
one thing she would do is invite these
diplomats and researchers to big
meetings and then she would reference
something they had written deep in an
obscure memo years ago and they were
thrilled that a Secretary of State was
actually digging into their work it
helped her win over a lot of support in
the building they felt respected one
reason people liked working for her
reason she has a very loyal staff even
among people don't work for her anymore
is it they feel she listens to them
takes her advice reads their memos a lot
of politicians don't Clinton uses
listening in a very real way to win over
allies in 2000 when she got to the
Senate she was already a very polarizing
figure Trent Lott the majority leader
during Bill Clinton's impeachment trial
he first said that she would be one of a
hundred senators and they wouldn't let
her forget it a few years later they
were teaming up on hurricane relief and
it wasn't just lot in 2006 and York
Times tallied her weird alliances it was
Tom DeLay on foster children Newt
Gingrich on health care bill frist on
medical records Bob Bennett on
flag-burning Rick Santorum around
children's exposure to graphic images
john sununu on SUV taillights Mike
DeWine on asthma and the way she did it
again was listening she surprises people
who expect to hate her by being really
friendly and by paying close enough
attention that she's able to figure out
where they can collaborate
but a process based on listening doesn't
always get you to the right answers you
have to listen to the right people for
one thing and clintons sometimes doesn't
I will take the president at his word
it's part of how she ended up voting for
the Iraq war she listened to people who
were giving her the wrong intelligence
and whose appetite for war was maybe
stronger than she thought it was that he
will try hard to pass a UN resolution
and will seek to avoid war if at all
possible
another problem is she can listen to too
many people the biggest government
reform Hillary ever saw the health care
bill 93 and 94 it was a disaster she
created this sprawling process of 500
policy experts there are so many lessons
to be learned everybody was being heard
everybody's ideas are being reflected in
the bill the national limit on health
care really and so we ended up with a
bill that was so complex nobody could
understand it you can hear this in her
speeches - or speeches often feel like a
laundry list of people and that's
because so many different voices are in
them consensus in that way it can become
an enemy of inspiration there's got to
be a better way listening can also be a
way of delaying tough decisions Joshua
Greene in the Atlantic did an exhaustive
review of communications from within her
2008 campaign for president and he
concluded that aides routinely attacked
and undermined each other and Clinton
never forced a resolution clinton's lost
arrived not from any specific decision
she made but rather from the
preponderance of the many she did not
make there is however one group Clinton
never listens to and that is the press
in some ways her distrust years
understandable there's been an
incredible on history of media fueled
scandals that have amounted to very very
little today the House Select Committee
on Benghazi finally released its 800
page report on the attack after a
two-year seven million dollar
investigation the eight investigation to
date the authors of the report make no
new accusations and provide no new
evidence of wrongdoing against the
former Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton but in our interview she also
seemed blind to the fact that her own
behavior is correctly
under a brighter spotlight I mean a
democracy relies on the glue of trust
there's got to be that rock solid belief
that this transaction between us as
voters and citizens rests on something
deep and sacred and I don't know how we
get back to that if she's not worried
about trust a start might have been
turning down Goldman Sachs his 2013
offer to accept six hundred and seventy
five thousand dollars for three speeches
did you have to be paid $675,000 well I
don't know that's what they offered that
was twenty thirteen people already
didn't trust Goldman Sachs I think she
sees the loss of public trust in her as
caused by the same forces led to the
loss of public trust in everything else
a press corps obsessed with controversy
uninterested in substance and incapable
of policing the boundaries of decency
and truthfulness and look I'm a member
of the press I will cop to some of that
but Clinton's explanation here's become
a rationalization she has lost sight of
the bar she should be held to and she
now plays a little bit loose with the
public's trust herself I did not email
any classified material to anyone 110
emails in 52 email chains have been
determined by the owning agency to
contain classified information now it's
not the press will be Clinton's toughest
opponent if she wins she Leafly called
Republicans enemy she was proud to make
you've all made a few people upset over
your political careers which enemy are
you most proud of
probably the Republicans I want to ask
her if she regretted that comment
because she was saying she worries about
all the negativity in politics she kind
of said not really not very much I mean
you can go back and look at how I've
worked with Republicans but you know
they say terrible things about me much
worse than anything I've ever said about
them that just seems to be part of the
the political back-and-forth now it's
interesting and weird what Clinton said
there she doesn't apologize she says
Republicans say worse about her but she
says she will nevertheless be able to
work with Republicans I think I have a
very strong
base of relationships with them and
evidence of that and what's weird is
there some evidence of that actually you
can hear in her approach to working with
Republicans a gentle critique of Obama
his approach is summed up by this 2013
joke you made about Mitch McConnell of
course even after I've done all this
some folks still don't don't think I
spent enough time with Congress why
don't you get a drink with Mitch
McConnell they ask really why don't you
get a drink with Mitch McConnell this is
where Hillary differs I think a lot of
governing is you know the slow hard
boring of hard boards I don't think
there's anything sexy exciting or
headline-grabbing about it I think it is
getting up every day building the
relationships finding whatever sliver of
common ground you can occupy never ever
giving up in continuing to reach out
even to people who are sworn political
partisan adversaries and look a Hillary
Clinton presidency it's not going to be
some peaceful era in American politics
if she's in the White House Republicans
will spend every waking moment or can a
recapture from her it is easy to imagine
reading an article in the third year of
a Clinton presidency that sees this
process as the root of her failures
where the president gets lost in the
details where she's searching for common
ground Republican she can't find but
Clinton will try and there may even be
moments when she succeeds she will look
for common ground even small pieces of
common ground she will build these
relationships no one will ever accuse
her of not having Mitch McConnell over
for enough drinks hell he may even like
having a drink with her he'll probably
find she's a pretty good listener
you
