this campaign in 2016 there's been a lot
of attention on Donald Trump's
connection with Russia personally he's
made his admiration for Russian
President Vladimir Putin quite clear and
some of his administration members have
either a long history of ties to the
Russian state pro-russian views or both
back in August 2016 his campaign manager
Paul Manafort resigned when it was
revealed that he had been a paid
consultant to Ukraine's pro-russian
former president since then there have
been allegations that the Trump campaign
knew about Russia's hack of the election
improper contact with the Russian
government and even blackmail
resulting in several government
investigations in order to understand
the scandal surrounding Trump in Russia
it's important to first distinguish the
three main story lines the first centers
on Russia's interference in the u.s.
presidential election the second
revolves around former national security
adviser Michael Flynn and the third
concerns a private intelligence report
that claims Russians are blackmailing
Trump known as the steal da fear let's
start with the first in June 2016
WikiLeaks began publishing private email
attacking the Democratic National
Committee at the time Russia was the
main suspect that this remain done
confirmed emails from the hack continued
to be leaked throughout the summer
always targeting the Clinton campaign
Russia if you're listening I hope you're
able to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing I think you will probably be
rewarded mightily by our press in August
2016 close Trump confidant Roger stones
that he was in touch with WikiLeaks I
actually have communicated with the son
I believe the next tranche of documents
pertaining to the Clinton Foundation but
there's no telling with you on October
2nd don't send a tweet appearing to show
inside knowledge of an upcoming
WikiLeaks publication targeting Clinton
on October 7th WikiLeaks released the
first batch of hacked emails from
Clinton's campaign manager John Podesta
now on the same day a joint statement by
Obama's national security adviser and
the Department of Homeland Security
officially declared that the DMV hacks
were intended to interfere with the u.s.
election and that they believe that only
Russia's senior most officials because
of authorize these activities on
December 10th Russian Deputy Foreign
Minister Sergei RHIB cost said that
there were contacts of trumps entourage
throughout the election and that quite a
few have been staying in touch with
Russian representatives On January 6th
the CIA FBI and NSA together released a
report confirming that Putin had ordered
the attacks and intended to hurt the
Clinton campaign specifically On
February 14th and 15th phone records
reportedly showed that members of trumps
campaign and other Trump associates made
frequent contact with Russian officials
during their campaign while US
intelligence is still investigating
Russian interference the big unknown is
did the Trump campaign know about
Russian hacks targeting Clinton now the
second scandal involves Trump's former
national security adviser Michael Flint
it's related to the first because it
begins on December 29th when the Obama
administration announced a series of new
sanctions on Russia as punishment for
its interference in the election on the
same day Michael Flynn called Russian
ambassador sir Jake Isley at multiple
time Flynn was not in office yet but has
a long-standing relationship with Russia
on December 30th Putin announced that
they would not retaliate against the
sanctions a move that Trump publicly
praised on Twitter now this led some to
suspect that the Trump administration
was telling Russia that they would
rethink the sanctions once they were in
office On January 12th
news of the slin calls broke press
secretary Sean Spicer and vice president
Mike Pence each told reporters that the
calls were not about sanctions on
January 24th Flynn told FBI
investigators that he did not discuss
sanctions in Hong Kong sometime in late
January acting Attorney General Sally
Yates told the White House legal counsel
that she believed Flynn was lying to the
Trump administration about what he
talked about on the phone called kiss
Leah
which would makes Lin potentially
vulnerable to Russian blackmail on
February 9th the Washington Post
confirmed that Flynn had spoken about
sanctions with kiss lyac because the FBI
had kissed the X phone under
surveillance
the report said Flynn urged krislac to
not react to Obama's sanctions because
the incoming Trump administration would
be reconsidering them on February 13th
Flynn resigned saying he had given tense
and others incomplete information about
his conversation at his lyac On February
16th the House Intelligence Committee
announced that its including Flynn in
its investigation of Russian
interference in the u.s. election so at
this point the big unknown is whether
Trump knew Flint and reached out to
Russia to discuss the sanctions finally
scandal number three is by far the most
bizarre and the least confirmed it
begins sometime during the summer of
2016 when intelligence documents began
circulating around the u.s. intelligence
community and media organizations the
documents were from a former British
intelligence agent who was hired by
Republicans and Democrats to investigate
Trump the documents claimed Russia has
information they could use to blackmail
Trump they also alleged that Trump and
Russia exchanged information during the
campaign to hurt Clinton On January 10th
BuzzFeed published the entire unverified
report after CNN reported that Trump and
Obama had been briefed on it On February
10th CNN reported that investigators had
in fact verified a minor part of the
report but now multiple current and
former US law enforcement and
intelligence officials tell CNN that
intelligence intercepts of foreign
nationals confirm that some of the
conversations described in the dossier
took place between the same individuals
are the same days at this point
investigations into the report continue
and the question of whether Russia could
blackmail Trump remains unanswered these
three scandals continue and there are
many unanswered questions but what is
clear is that the uncertainty
surrounding Trump and Russia
not going to go away anytime soon
so
