my parents impressed on me the values
that you work hard for what you want in
life and Barack and I were raised with
so many of the same values like you work
hard for what you want in life that your
word is your bond and you do what you
say and keep your promise that your word
is your bond that you do what you say
you're gonna do that your treat people
with respect that you treat people with
dignity and respect and we need to pass
those lessons on to the many generations
to follow than the past amount to the
next generation because we want our
children in this nation to know because
we want our children and all children in
this nation to know that that the only
limit to your achievements is the
strength of your dreams and your
willingness to work for them because we
want our children and all children in
this nation to know that the only limit
to the height of your achievements is
the reach of your dreams and your
willingness to work hard for them
