in the wake of the largest mass shooting
in US history Congress finally puts its
partisan politics aside it's banded
together and passed the first major
piece of gun control legislation in the
last twenty years really
No No literally nothing has changed well
not nothing there was a fifteen hour
filibuster than a 25 hours sit-in a
bunch of donuts were eaten and pizza was
ordered but no bail was passed to find
out why so much got so little done we
went to the place where nothing gets
done the nation's capital but in order
scaffolding that usually there we sat
down with a man behind the 15 hour
filibuster that had America
on the edge of its seat so wait let me
get this straight you stood for 15 hours
didn't sleep didn't drink didn't go to
the bathroom and no bill was passed what
gives you know when you're in the
minority you only have certain rights
and abilities and so I don't get to
schedule votes but I can protest the
fact that votes aren't being scheduled
that's called a filibuster I got up and
I stood for as long as I could demanding
that we take votes on two common-sense
measures things that I think everybody
agrees on which is stopping terrorists
from getting guns and making sure that
wherever you buy a gun you got to prove
that you're not a criminal so why don't
you think that the the sit-in and the
filibuster why don't you think that
these things worked we still have a lot
of people here who are loyal obedient to
the gun lobby not to their constituents
this is not a controversial issue out in
the American public you know polls show
that 90% of Americans support background
checks before you buy a gun and support
keeping terrorists or would-be
terrorists from getting guns there's
virtually nothing in this country in
which 90% of Americans agree this is an
exceptional issue to have that much
consensus and yet the NRA the gun lobby
doesn't support it and right now there
are a lot of members of Congress there
listen to them instead of listening to
their constituents and during a week
where Americans witnessed unprecedented
in horrifying acts of gun violence the
house also decided to delay voting on a
high profile gun bill we're not gonna
rush it we're gonna get it right
so why are politicians so slow on
pushing gun reform you may think that
they're listening to the NRA over their
constituents because they get tons of
money from them but actually it's much
more complicated than that
sure in 2014 the NRA contributed a
million dollars to Senate Republican
PACs which may seem like a lot but
actually only accounts for less than 2%
of all contributions the NRA may not
spend as much as other special interests
but they're very strategic with their
warchest going after vulnerable
candidates early and often inciting fear
in members of the House and Senate who
are up for re-election and worried about
losing their seats for instance after
the NRA gave senator Dick Lugar an F
rating for his positions on assault
rifles and poured half a million dollars
into the Indiana primary he lost his bid
for re-election and the NRA hasn't
backed down we have a god-given right to
defend ourselves and the politicians who
want to just divert attention away from
the underlying problems and suggest that
we're somehow to blame we'll pay a price
for it
but although politicians have remained
afraid to disagree with the NRA some are
starting to rebel against it Republican
Senator Kelly Ayotte voted with senator
Feinstein's Democratic proposal despite
a potential backlash from the NRA and
being in a very tight race for receipt
this fall her reelection could be a test
case for other politicians who may want
to stray away from the NRA hardline and
if she wins it could encourage others to
stand up to the NRA as well and maybe
just maybe we'd see more politicians
start passing the gun reform that most
Americans and gun owners say they want
can we do a face lob I don't know what a
faceswap is do you prefer products or
cupcakes this is really really creepy
totally understand what was the first
thing that you ate after your filibuster
was over the first thing that I ate was
a bag of combos in one of the care
packages it was sent back to me but in
my defense it was the first thing that I
saw when I got back to my desk and I was
so hungry that whatever was in that care
package I was going to eat oh my god so
combos keeps our yeah
Percy functioning yet
