so every year Pamplona and Spain
celebrates the running of the bowls
bowls run through crowded streets as
spectacularly dumb and run in front of
them and try not to get bored I'm told
this makes you feel alive I find it
continuing to be alive is better at that
the tradition is very functional and its
function is very specifically to get the
bowls in place where they can all be
killed in ritualistic of a very painful
fashion
the biggest misconception people have
about bullfights is that their fights
with like a bowl who's fighting you
which is not what happened so there are
three steps of the bullfight the first
feature is a man on horseback who stabs
a spear into a bull's back that's
intended to cut their back muscles make
it harder for them to lift their head up
and most importantly to cause them to
bleed profusely so that they get
lightheaded weaker in the second portion
features these little frilly harpoons
more bleeding more weakness in the back
muscles further exhaust the bowl and
then after the spearing and after the
harpooning there's the part of the fight
that I think we've all seen in like
Looney Tunes cartoons it's the guy with
the red cape in theory he kills the bull
by stabbing a sword directly through its
back and into its aorta causing a
relatively painless death and practice
that very rarely happens what's much
more common is that they'll do that
it'll stab through a bunch of organs
it'll cause massive internal bleeding
and shock and pain and then they have to
figure out another way to kill it and
that way typically involves cutting the
spinal cord and then slicing its medulla
oblongata this used to be how cattle
were slaughtered for a meat in the
European Union and then it was banned
because it is insanely cruel and this is
all especially striking when you compare
it to how cows are killed in beef
production in most industrialized world
the typical method is to put a stun gun
to the forehead so that it cannot
experience being slaughtered this isn't
just a problem in Spain it's a problem
throughout the spanish-speaking world
Spain exported bullfighting to many of
its Latin American colonies and remains
very popular
Peru reasonably popular in Mexico
ultimately the fight over bullfighting
comes down to what you're willing to
accept in the name of tradition I think
it's worth asking ourselves how much
work tradition can do to excuse behavior
that under any other circumstances we
would view as is deeply horrifying
you
