oh I have a joke alright what is it
knock knock who's there
abortion Liz so every year abortion is
an issue that divides voters candidates
there has to be some form of punishment
for the woman yeah there has to be some
form we've had 8 debates before this is
our night we've not had one question
about a woman's right to make her own
decisions but this year it could be the
defining issue of this election the
vacancy on the Supreme Court could look
gaping if it leads to new law so it's
divisive as abortion is with passionate
people on both sides there's one time
that's been particularly vocal lately
the crushing of body partisan port sale
of these infant body parts but how much
do these passionate Americans really
know about abortion well a lot of them
are probably here we went to the Supreme
Court for the first day of oral
arguments hearing the biggest abortion
case the court has heard in over a
decade the case deals with the Texas law
called HB 2 it's a law that forced
abortion clinics to meet the standards
of surgical centers it's simple things
like making the hallways and abortion
clinics wider so that is right gurney
can pass through which means
million-dollar renovations for things
like wider hallways or new janitor
closets it also led to two-thirds of
abortion clinics in Texas shutting down
then could force even more to close down
as well so opponents of the law say that
this is just a closed down abortion
clinics but proponents of the law say
that this is just about women's health
we're gonna go to Supreme Court now this
law is about implementing common-sense
regulations that will keep women safe to
make sure they don't die on the abortion
table to make sure they aren't butchered
by abortionist to just go in there with
somebody that has a medical degree with
the facility that doesn't help them if
they start bleeding out and now often
the surgery and sort of cutting involved
when there is a
I'm not a medical student most abortions
actually don't involve any form of
cutting or surgery but in the protesters
defense of Vox polls showed that most
Americans on both sides of the aisle
don't know this either and how safe is
abortion I have no clue
many women in Texas and other places
around the country have been hurt in
abortion facilities that aren't up to
basic medical standards I mean I don't
know like that's just a big number but a
lot actually
abortion is safer than a host of other
really common procedures like getting a
colonoscopy or getting your wisdom teeth
removed if you're only looking at the
safety of the mother abortion is
actually safer than childbirth and again
it's not just anti-abortion protesters
who don't know this so why do even the
most motivated activists know so little
about abortion I asked an abortion
provider dr. Rachel Phelps because we
talked about it serious history around
it and in fact I have a duel on train
members in the residence and I have
physician residents come work with me to
manage four years of medical school and
just three or four years of residency
and come to an observe an abortion and
even they just know they think that
you've done a procedure that takes a
half an hour or there's much more
complicated than it is it's not just
that Americans don't know these facts
though they don't it's that the entire
debate about abortion has shifted and
the pro-life movement is capitalizing on
this myth that abortion is inherently
dangerous and it's not and the whole
strategy of shifting the abortion debate
to a safety argument is working there
have been about as many abortion
restrictions enacted over the past five
years than the previous 15 if you think
abortion is inherently dangerous why
wouldn't you support these restrictions
there are far more effective ways of
actually improving women's health like
increasing access to health care
contraception prenatal care but the
majority of us don't know the facts or
worse the facts that we do know are
wrong
around one in three women will have an
abortion in their lifetime maybe it's
time to talk about it what's up and you
guys know who you're voting for in 2016
I don't I don't know it's gonna be a
little bit of a dilemma to see who gets
the nomination and who we will be forced
to choose between oh my god yeah forcing
choice is never good
