I'd rather stick my head in a bucket
full of scorpions and battery acid than
say anything about Donald Trump Donald
Trump says that he's bringing the
Republican Party together I get along
with people I'm a unifier I'm very much
in a fire but the GOP is more divided
than ever
dishonesty is Donald Trump's hallmark is
the GOP as divided as it seems more than
six months ago you pledged to support
the Republican nominee whoever that may
be we went to CPAC the mecca of the
conservative movement to see how they're
dealing with the rise of Donald Trump do
you think Donald Trump is a conservative
you know that the senators that he
helped elect are the ones who wrote
Obamacare it's made the transitions of
being a Republican a lot harder for me
personally I feel like I have to answer
for every single thing that he said or
or what he how he how people in his
audience are because for me I actually
really do believe in conservative values
many conservatives don't even think
Donald Trump is one of them I don't know
how people consider him more
conservative really so they really
really don't want to vote for him let's
play game would you rather vote for
Donald Trump or walk across hot coals
with Joe Biden holding your hand the
whole time
Biden can I frolic with him and at the
end can he kiss me on the cheek
absolutely okay then I'd be okay with
this would you rather vote for Donald
Trump or have to eat kale for the rest
of your life like holy camp
well I'm a pescetarian so I'd rather eat
kale that would actually be amazing it's
like the superfood so for sure kale okay
would you rather vote for Donald Trump
or have to attend a 12 hour long seminar
on microaggressions I'm feeling a little
triggered right now I'm a huge
microaggression right now aren't I I
would call it a macro aggression but of
course there's a limit scenario which
probably could potentially happen would
you rather
vote for Hillary or Donald Trump I'd
vote for Bloomberg I'm just saying I
would probably have to research third
parties and go with that if a gun was to
my head and said I had to vote for one
of the two of them I would take the
bullet you only have two options
they're both Democrats reality I think
your Republican parties do
rally around whoever's gonna win the
nomination at this point maybe it's
against Trump or Hillary you gotta go
with Trump then you would rather vote
for Donald Trump than Hillary yes yeah
yes so if conservatives are all making
that face where is Trump support even
coming back I mean I think you're gonna
have to talk to some experts is that
theories been done oh my god my friend
Chris works right here perfect wait
Bernie sandwiches Kris yes oh my god I
have a question for you do you have a
few minutes so if Republicans don't
think that Donald Trump is a
conservative how is he the front-runner
because conservatism isn't that
important to a big part of the
Republican base it turns out
conservatism in the self-conception of
so-called super conservatives is about
limited government free markets what the
base is responding to is just straight
up the nationalism it's not a question
of how big government should be but
government should work of limited
government conservative you think like I
mentioned do X Y & Z because that
interferes with the market if you're
nationalists you don't care that much
about where those lines are drawn you
care about who is the government
delivering for who are they protecting
who is it what the center of what the
government does and we've seen that kind
of nationalism that kind of wrecked
nationalism in Europe with lots of
parties that are perfectly happy to be
part of the big government as long as
they control it for their people that's
what Donald Trump stabbing here okay
thank you so much Chris thank you you're
the best I'll see you soon oh and ears
our sandwich chris is right a majority
of Republicans believe that preserving
Social Security and Medicare is more
important than cutting the deficit in
52% of Republicans say they're annoyed
that corporations aren't paying their
fair share so maybe Donald Trump isn't a
conservative but he's clearly tapping
into the conservative base but the
problem for him is going to be that 17%
of Republicans will not support him if
he's the nominee so Donald Trump may not
seem like a unifier right now but he's
gonna have to be one if he wants to
you having fun yet so you would rather
die than vote for for Donald Trump yes I
would much rather there like a specific
kind of death that like you would not
want in order to not vote for fervor
Donald Trump I would take eternity in
hell I think the Republican Party needs
to realize that it's changing and
they've got to figure out what to do
because the trains leaving the station
and a guy like Trump if you wanted to it
could probably turn around and grab a
couple other people that are running for
office and say let's start the new
Republican Party it's not as if history
hasn't done that before yeah no I think
it's true I think there's like a real
cleavage moment and a huge part of it
has to do with the fact that I don't
think conservatives in Washington the
professional Republican political class
and the national conservative movement
have delivered much for their bigs Frank
don't
