this November Americans will see two
names at the top of their ballot for the
presidential election but who decides
what those two names will be turns out
it's a shockingly small share of the
American public
in most election years just 20 percent
of American adults cast a primary ballot
while more than half usually vote in the
general election you don't go vote in a
primary unless you are really unusually
wearily into American politics
traditionally primary voters tend to be
older more well-educated and stronger
partisans than your general election
voters and this means primary voters
don't represent most Americans and maybe
you don't make the choices that most
Americans would make for instance 62% of
Republican voters who identified with
the Tea Party so that they always vote
in primary elections compared to just
45% of non tea party Republicans and
only around 10% of people under 30
typically show up to vote in the
primaries but it's not just laziness and
apathy there are a couple good reasons
why turnout is so low for one thing 16
states have closed primaries meaning you
can only vote if you're a registered
Republican or Democrat and that's a
problem because these days more and more
Americans are calling themselves
independents but there's another big
reason why many people don't vote in
primaries it's because they know it
won't matter the states with primaries
early in the year have the greatest
influence on the eventual outcome and by
the time Super Tuesday is over the
nomination is often a done deal I mean
it is rational if you're in California
that's June and somebody won the magic
number in April you can see why people
don't vote Super Tuesday began in 1988
and since then primary turnout has been
falling with the exception of the
historic and competitive 2008 Democratic
primary because the early states
generate momentum and tons of media
attention candidates tend to focus on
voters in Iowa and New Hampshire
responding to their concerns and making
them promises these are two states that
are a lot more rural in the American
population is there also much less
diverse black and Hispanic residents
make up a much smaller share of the
populations of Iowa and New Hampshire
compared to the country as a whole and
that is why several years ago the
Democrats led the way in
adding too early states South Carolina
and Nevada if a lot of our votes don't
matter the ones that do should at least
resemble the diversity of the American
public
you
