Donald Trump you have to admit it is fun
to watch reality show with actors and
he's putting on the greatest show we've
ever seen in a presidential election by
far
he's red-faced he's angry he's funny
he's strange he's unpredictable he's
real in that way that only reality
television stars are real he's so fun to
watch that it's easy to lose sight of
how terrifying his rise really is but
Donald Trump is the most dangerous major
presidential candidate in memory Trump
is a serious contender to win the
Republican presidential nomination if he
wins the Republican presidential
nomination he may win the general
election he's a man who could be
deciding the next Supreme Court
nomination me making decisions of war
and peace be deciding which regulations
to enforce in which to let go of
presidents represent America on trade
negotiations they represent us before
the community of nations this is not
political entertainment it's not
entertainment at all it's real live
politics chumps background in politics
has been scary and it's been extreme he
rose to prominence in the Republican
Party as a leader of the birther
movement I was just informed while on
the helicopter our president has finally
released a birth certificate I'd want to
look at it but I hope it's true he
climbed to the top of the polls in this
election by calling Mexicans rapists and
killers they're bringing drugs they're
bringing crime they're rapists he
defended a poor debate performance by
accusing megyn kelly of being on her
period oh you could see there was blood
coming out of her eyes blood coming out
of her wherever responded to rival Ted
Cruz's surge by calling for a travel ban
on all Muslims total and complete
shutdown
of Muslims entering the United States
when MSNBC's Joe Scarborough asked Trump
about his affection for Vladimir Putin
was a person that kills journalists
political ally political opponents and
hates countries Trump replied he's
running this country and at least he's a
leader you know unlike what we have in
this country some later had to clarify
by the way I hate some of these people
but I'd never kill him that is usually
not something in American politics
presidential candidates need to clarify
not what Trump's view of the economy is
entirely zero-sum this is what's behind
his his arguments in immigration he
thinks it for Americans to win others
must lose they beat us all the time the
day before Trump won in New Hampshire he
had a rally in Manchester and at that
rally he heard a woman in the crowd
called Ted Cruz a pussy she just said a
terrible thing and Trump rather than
ignore it or or move on from it he went
to the woman and he said say what you
said again shout it out because I don't
want to and eventually he spoken and she
said he's a pussy that's done her and
the media we jump all over it it's
traffic it's clicks it's takes it's fun
it's funny it's interesting what was so
nervous about this wasn't the Trump used
a vulgar word it was the demagogues
instinct for finding the angriest voice
in the mob and amplifying it Trump is a
racist and he's a sexist and he's a
demagogue but but he's also a narcissist
in a bully and a tough guy in a
dilettante
Trump has just a complete lack of shame
most people feel shame when they're
exposed as liars or when they're seen as
uninformed and cruel or when their
political elders think that what they're
doing is wrong or dumb it's one way we
we keep politicians in check we exploit
their sense of shame but but Trump
doesn't seem to have this is there
anybody you'd like to apologize do right
now yourself no it's not that reality
television stars talent for not caring
what he seems like on camera I'm not
here to make friends I'm not here to
make fun we're not looking to make new
friends the rest of us were all worried
about making friends we want to be seen
as polite and gentle and kind Trump
doesn't care about that and it's a
reason he's fun to watch it's a reason
that he's succeeding in the primary but
it's also why he's dangerous the fact
that he will do things that others won't
means it he'll do things that until now
in American politics we've been
protected from but if Trump wins who
won't be protected from it and so today
is a day to repeat there's something
dangerous in Trump's rise it isn't funny
we need to stop laughing it's something
we should fear
you
