when you want to watch a movie or a TV
show you know what to do you tap your
fingers and within a few seconds you
were watching whatever you want it's
frictionless it's easy but in some
places it's not so easy I'm all denim or
television extra hyah
I got a man officially there's one
source of permitted media in Cuba and
it's the state okay but Cubans found a
way to work around this media blockade
to distribute the latest in global
entertainment to the entire country
coordinated entirely by an informal
market of underground data traffickers
based both in Havana and the United
States
it's the fruits of the internet without
any of the guts say no say we go hallo
Sadie otra gente c'è face ELISA M behad
a películas que otra persona embryos
otra la música y se one way go belong a
mundo para why
once all the latest media from around
the world is gathered onto one hard
drive the top dealers in Havana will
prepare it for distribution this
extensive collection of digital media is
affectionately called pink packets a
seminar the weekly package when I saw
marijuana all are based on I can avoid
the the otra persona que se la caja is a
persona yeah see another one again
oh no coop you know guess again OS away
beautiful gazebo finish Agassi I want
also a quick look into the bucket day
and you start to realize how massive
this system must be to gather so much
content in such a short amount of time
especially in a country that has a 5%
internet penetration in an agonizingly
slow connection speed Alice I wanna see
Selena
mm um we are to live in a Moon Luna so
further than a year ago so please around
Dominic I said oh I went in negative ten
Amagi - honey how are you go gonna hold
on obrigado naquadah
- anyway
a lot of women
so who's behind all this
it's definitely not one person but
somewhere down the chain there has to be
a source of all this information
someone coordinating the distribution I
found a couple of 20 year olds who make
their living hustling Havana's streets
participating in the thriving industry
of shadowy odd jobs between driving taxi
bikes without a license and giving
unofficial city tours to European
visitors these guys move at bucket day
between distributors from time to time
they led me behind the scenes in Havana
where I saw how the bucket day makes its
rounds every week the distribution
centers are usually in the back of cell
phone repair shops or DVD stores
Hardware flowing in and out of these
places doesn't attract unwanted
attention distributors were
understandably not keen about appearing
on camera but they showed me their
operation and explained how clients come
to their shop with a weekly order of
digital content they told me that
American TV shows are in some of the
highest demand but some people show up
with an empty hard drive every week and
transfers the whole entire bucket
everything from iPhone apps to indie
documentaries after poking around I
finally worked my way up the chain to
discover who is coordinating this
massive enterprise
they call him Danny Paquette day and he
agreed to meet with me boo Danny
perfecto yeah
oh yay could I see you something right
Danny was with a client so I waited for
an hour in his impromptu Lobby didn't
know what to expect Danny bucket they to
be like I figured he was some kind of
shady character like anyone you would
find behind some giant illegal
enterprise but I definitely didn't
expect this
he's a 26 year old who was wearing board
shorts and no shirt when I arrived he
looked a lot more like a lazy college
sophomore than a kingpin of a national
black market of pirated media but after
five minutes of sitting in his office
with a client in the room I quickly
gained a respect for Danny and the media
machine that he's running as Danny's
40-year old assistant helped load the
hard drive of a local distributor I
watched a live feed of the popular
Spanish Network Telemundo digitizing on
the screen Danny must have a hidden
satellite in a fake water tower on his
roof a fairly common Cuban practice
Danny's girlfriend wandered in and began
watching the Discovery Channel
documentary about a farmer who also died
on a tractor in Iowa so much for the
control of information by the Castro's
pneumonia
dynamos buddy hinten sherry possibility'
Oh God assume the pilot told me there's
one other competitor in Havana for
national pocket the consumer's Danny
recently started sending one of his
runners on an airplane to the far
corners of the country in order to get a
leg up on the competition
there's no way of knowing exactly how
many pocketed consumers there are in
Cuba but of the hundreds of people I
talked to while there only two had never
heard of this and most were consumers
themselves
so if there's one thing all of this
taught me it's that when people want
information they're gonna find a way to
get it
Cubans live on an island cut off from
the world's information for almost six
decades and they've come up with some
pretty innovative workarounds to their
situation as more technology slowly
spreads onto the island we can only
imagine what they'll think up next
