this is the Joint Strike Fighter Ford
f-35 Lightning - its planned to be
America's new advanced fighter jet the
100 million-dollar plane is stealth can
fly at supersonic speed and one version
can even take off and land vertically
it's one plane designed to replace the
aging plates of the Air Force Navy and
Marine it's the jet fighter of the
future but in December Donald Trump put
the entire project in doubt with a
single tweet saying it's too expensive
and Trump's not wrong the 16 year one
trillion dollar project is seven years
late and 70% over budget but the f-35
much more than a government purchase and
cancelling it is nearly impossible
that's because it's deeply woven into
the US government military and economy
President Trump
meets the military-industrial complex
so US defense companies make a lot of
money their best client is the largest
military in human history and they sell
their products to other countries to
making the u.s. the largest arms
exporter in the world as a result they
are some of the biggest companies in the
world this all requires a unique
relationship with the US government not
only do defense companies bid on
contracts from the Pentagon but all of
their domestic and foreign sales must
also be approved by Congress as a result
these companies try and get as much
support in Congress as they can and
they've adopted a pretty smart strategy
to do so one thing every member of
Congress can support is jobs in their
home state so major US defense companies
spread their operations across as many
states as possible by doing so they can
maximize the number of legislators
inclined to support the project
regardless of political party I did a
quick search and found just a small
portion of Boeing and Raytheon locations
across the u.s. along with legislators
who voiced support for these companies
in Congress now if you include
subcontractors like the 3,000 hired by
Boeing in California you can imagine how
many jobs are at stake across the
country this strategy is called
political engineering and defense
companies have gotten pretty good at it
in August 2015
Lockheed Martin purchased a korsky
aircraft known for making the iconic
marine one helicopter used by American
presidents that brought the company into
the lucrative defence helicopter market
it was a smart business move but a
smarter political one see Sikorsky
Aircraft is based in Connecticut and the
Northeast is one area where Lockheed has
little political influence rivals
General Dynamics United Technologies and
Raytheon
were the area's major defense employers
and therefore wielded the most support
in Congress but Sikorsky has 8,000
employees and Lockheed instantly became
the third largest contractor in
Connecticut and gained the political
influence that comes with it the
northeast is home to some of the defense
industries most vocal supporters in
Congress like rosa DeLauro of
Connecticut who wants the course key to
build the next marine one in her own
district there's no doubt political
engineering of a smart strategy defense
companies get more business and more
jobs are created in America
but with so much political support and
widespread economic impact some of these
defense companies have been being too
big to fail even when they appear to be
failing now back to that f-35 project
Trump threatened to cancel despite deep
design flaws and constant problem there
have been no serious efforts to cancel
or scale back the project in fact
through more than three years of cuts to
defense spending funding for the f-35
had barely been touched that's because
the project was politically engineered
to near perfection the Pentagon started
bidding for the f-35 in the mid-90s it
would be the largest defense contract in
history and Boeing and Lockheed Martin
quickly emerged as the two contenders
both had loyal supporters in Congress
who were very eager to create jobs in
their state it was an intense
competition and when Lockheed won the
contract Boeing supporters quickly
mobilized in Congress immediately they
drafted legislation proposing to split
the work between the two companies when
that failed they pushed through Awards
Boeing contracts for kc-767 tankers c-17
cargo planes and radar jamming growler
planes insuring the Boeing factories in
their states remained open today the
Lockheed Martin f-35 project supports a
hundred and forty six thousand jobs
across forty sixty eight in fact this
interactive map is straight from the
Lockheed Martin website parts for the
plane are produced all over the country
maximizing the number of stakeholders
and ensuring broad bipartisan support in
Congress Lockheed Martin has also hired
subcontractors in eight other countries
to build components for the claim and
several Allied countries have placed
orders for their own military anything
done to hurt the f-35 project could hurt
those relationships a procedure called
concurrency also complicates things
concurrency is when a product goes into
production before all the tests are
complete this is intended to speed up
job creation because the sooner
production starts
the sooner jobs are created so both
defense companies and Congress are
inclined to strike a deal quickly but
it's a flawed practice that's delayed
the f-35 project by seven years when
testing reveals the problem planes that
have already been built need to be sent
back and retrofitted the radar still
problem the helmet is too heavy it
equity fusion of sensor information
shortfalls on the performance the
distributed aperture system that is not
currently autonomics logistics
information system and other issues that
are classified on each military branch
is also asking for its own distinct
modifications complicating the entire
process and it's still inconclusive when
the plane will be ready but the f-35 has
been delayed so long it's now unclear
whether the US military even needs it
anymore
America's current enemies in Syria Iraq
and Afghanistan don't even have air
forces and the f-35 is far more advanced
than anything Russia or China have
planned but despite all of this the f-35
project keeps moving forward with
enthusiastic support in the US
government in 2010 the Department of
Defense allowed Lockheed more time to
fix design flaws and in 2015 Congress
actually added more money to the project
without the military even asking for it
that's because cancelling the project
would be an economic and political
disaster thousands of jobs across the
country would be lost
International relationships would be
tested and billions spent in taxpayer
dollars would amount to nothing
that's exactly why Trump tweet was so
surprising see traditionally defense
companies negotiate projects privately
with Congress and the Pentagon without
any input from the president but Trump
seems to want to take a more hands-on
role in contract negotiations which has
completely rattled defense company and
rightly so because while Trump can't
cancel the entire program he can refuse
to purchase future f-35 and that's put a
surprising degree of uncertainty in the
defense industry and the US companies
are scrambling to figure it out
