I grew up in a small village that's why
I think America is too big for me
there are another family in Iran they
are not like my family
one the compulsory good job was applied
in women some family started to cry for
the daughters
as a kid my brother was an example of
freedom was a symbol of freedom that I
didn't have it that how he was free to
run in a clean lovely farm without his
scarf how he was free to ride a bicycle
in a nice village my village is the best
just forget them I love that two women
with her the scarf and two women without
a discard look at how they're free they
just you know walk past each other
without judging each other without
getting arrested by the morality place
isn't that beautiful
I want to see this in my own country I
started to to publish this find me and
mean so that's why people have started
to send a picture then I ask women to
share their experiences which they did
you
you
women who take pictures of themselves
outside in Iran without their head
scarves which is a punishable crime
every individual story makes me really
happy
there are a lot of women who sending
their pictures with had a scarf holding
a sign saying that we believe in each
other but we hate the compulsory job
some of the picture coming from those
young girls saying that they just want
to feel the wing through their hat with
a simple demand like this it's forbidden
to be like this is forbidden in Iran
pick up their scarf in front of these
signs there's a proper stomach job here
there are a lot of picture that you can
see men or supporting women all the
women in my family they wear hijab this
is not a black and white issue old
family in Iran is not like my family
there are so many family who do not
believe in compulsory a job
Iran is for all Iranians you cannot just
hide one side of Iran and show the other
side Iran and saying that this is Iran
this is a lie Iran is me and my mother
my mother wants to wear a scarf I don't
want to wear a scarf Iran should be for
both of us
