so we just had oral arguments in King
versus Burwell which is a huge challenge
to the Affordable Care Act if the
government gets ruled against it could
be really bad for Obamacare the justices
were asking about a lot of issues we
didn't expect them to and so that made
it a really interesting morning Justice
Anthony Kennedy asked a really
interesting question about
constitutionality basically he's worried
that the people challenging Obamacare
said their reading of the Affordable
Care Act would allow the federal
government to coerce States in some ways
he wouldn't like Kennedy's question was
read as good news for the Obama
administration Ruth Bader Ginsburg she
also asked a very surprising question
whether the plaintiffs had standing in
the case that they'd actually been
harmed by the law if they could bring
this case to the Supreme Court in the
first place which is something that none
of the lower courts have really asked at
all so that was a big surprise and then
we got a smaller surprise from Justice
Alito who was suggesting the idea if the
Supreme Court does rule against
Obamacare they might allow the subsidies
to go for the entire year so people
don't lose coverage in the middle of the
year so those were the three really big
surprises we don't know how this case is
going to go Justice Roberts did not ask
a single question he's a really
important swing vote so without hearing
from him reading the tea leaves on this
case it's pretty difficult and we're
stuck waiting until June together
decisions the decision is gonna be
really really important what's at stake
here are subsidies for millions and
millions of Obama care enrollees this is
the president's signature legislative
accomplishment if the Supreme Court does
rule against Obamacare it really does
dismantle the law in most of the country
and both the White House and
congressional Republicans don't have a
plan right now to fix that
