here's a chart that shows something a
little bit shocking who actually reaps
the financial gains when the American
economy grows it ignores recessions and
just looks at periods of economic
expansion and it shows that for decades
the majority the gains went to the
bottom 90% of the population and that's
what you would expect since that's where
most of the people are but since 1980
the top 10% has gotten the most of the
gains and in the most recent recovery
incomes for the majority of households
have actually fallen that's why so many
people say it feels like the United
States is still in recession even though
it technically isn't one I don't think
anyone really knows exactly why this is
happening but it's clearly the biggest
problem we've got and it's a clear sign
the economy's broken
