it's hard to imagine today at about a
hundred years ago boxing was one of the
most popular sports in the u.s. more
people went to some championship pads
and could fit into any NFL Stadium today
but for boxing it was all downhill from
there there are a lot of reasons why but
one of them is that a lot of people will
see the sport as barbaric
because it causes brain damage after
years of getting hit in the head many
boxers develop dementia and depression
as part of a disease called dementia
pugilistica nowadays dementia
pugilistica has a new name
CTE and it's not just found in boxers
but in increasing numbers of football
players even causing some people to
question the future of the NFL so people
have always known that playing tackle
football causes injuries okay I'm gonna
play football and maybe I'm gonna break
my legs maybe I won't be able to run
when I'm 50 players have known that
forever but what we didn't know is that
playing tackle football can cause really
long-term brain injuries there's
something a lot less sad about a 50 year
old who can't run vs. a 50 year old who
can't think the things we do to one
another okay hell I don't know what I'm
saying I'm just tired confused right now
that's why I say I can't really I can't
say it the way I wanted to be like over
the past few years a number of former
players have committed suicide after
battling depression afterwards they gave
their brains to science and upon
examination they showed telltale signs
of CTE scientists don't yet have a way
of diagnosing CTE for sure besides doing
an autopsy so apart from the 50 deceased
former players confirmed to have it they
can only suspect a hundreds more living
with it right now nine seven eight four
three two for a while the NFL was
completely depressing research they were
telling players that concussions were a
relatively safe type of injury to suffer
but with pressure mounting the league
changed course settling a class-action
suit for 765 million dollars and pouring
money into CTE research the issue hasn't
gone away at all then if I've been
trying to solve it and it seems like
they're putting genuine efforts into it
but it just might not be possible in
theory concussed players are no longer
allowed to enter games they've moved the
kickoff five yards down the field so a
lot more kickoffs become touchbacks so
you don't have the high-speed impacts
happen when the kicking team is trying
to cover the kick and tackle
they've changed the rules in terms of
head to head hits on defense you can't
use your head your helmet as a weapon if
you're running back you also can't beat
with your head to hit other players
heads those are the easiest things to
target they're kind of the lowest
hanging fruit they can't get rid of
concussions entirely those those rule
changes some concussions happen on the
most random incidental plays I mean you
have these huge fast guys running at
high speed so even if you banned
specific types of hits we're still see
concussions happen with alarming
frequency there's another problem even
if they got rid of concussions
completely some of the scientists think
that sub-concussive hits so even milder
type of hit that we might not even
notice watching MTV also lead to CTE
over time they're still trying to figure
that out but if that were true that
would basically mean that the game of
football as we know it is fundamentally
unsafe the NFL is more popular than ever
this rule gets over a hundred million
people's that's a third of the country
watching it and just on a week-to-week
basis you know more people watch
football than any other sport it's more
popular by an order of magnitude but
lots of parents are worried about the
safety in sport a lot of people have
come out and said they wouldn't let
their kids play football because of the
health risks I have a son that would be
real leery of him play the number of
kids under 16 playing tackle football
nationwide seems to be declining and
some state lawmakers have you proposed
banning it for kids under 14 entirely
it's unlikely that people are gonna just
turn off the TV because they realize
that sports unethical what's gonna kill
football if it dies would be parents not
letting the next generation of players
put on a helmet got to find a way in
this game to help eliminate
that play right there and I don't know
how you do
