sharks are really really cool they've
been around about 400 million years
there's over 400 species of them and
they even have the ability to detect
electromagnetic fields in the water all
of which is why it's so baffling that
Discovery Channel Shark Week has so
little biology in it recently it's
become more like a reality TV show than
a series of nature documentaries and in
the past two years
it's veered into really weird territory
with Discovery Channel actually
deceiving viewers about sharks what's
not ways like this back in 1988 when it
started by all accounts the shows were
great and educational but flow leaves
become more and more sensational in the
last few years most of its shows have
been about great whites attacking humans
surely there's something thrilling about
that but there's something backwards
about it too shark attacks are really
rare and in truth we're a bigger threat
to sharks than they are to us these
shows about shark attacks are great for
making people scared of sharks they
don't do much for making people care
about him now if the shark week was just
sensationalized that might be
disappointing but tolerable but last
year Discovery Channel entered new
territory completely making up a story
they aired a documentary with a
scientist who told us that there was a
hundred-foot shark called Megalodon
roaming the oceans and it killed 4
people off the coast of South Africa
last year zoom in once more
I know it's kind of blurry but look at
that look at that
that's a fin but here's the thing the
scientist was an actor the footage was
faked and the death didn't even happen
viewers had no way of knowing this there
was just a disclaimer saying the scenes
were dramatized all shark researchers
agree that Megalodon went extinct 2
million years ago but an online poll
afterwards showed that 73% of viewers
thought it was real
this was the highest-rated episode in
Shark Week history which is probably why
Discovery's doubling down with fake
shark programming this year first in a
promo they host viewers by claiming
there was a shark in Lake Ontario which
the head-to-hem it was fake after
Canadian officials believed it and
started getting worried then they kicked
things off with a new fake documentary
shark of darkness about a non-existent
35 foot white shark
what made this incident particularly
horrifying was that the attacks were
captured on camera featuring another
fake scientist from a fake Research
Institute blaming a fake shark for a
death that didn't happen finally they're
following things up with a Megalodon
sequel that claims to have new evidence
the worst part about all this discovery
viewers have a real appetite for actual
science when the channel debuted BBC
series life it got over 11 million
viewers more than twice as many as
Megalodon discovery calls itself the
world's number one nonfiction media
company but it's apparently decided that
the natural world isn't interesting
enough for TV
