what have we made progress in that
people don't always recognize it's
almost a shorter list to come up with
things that haven't been improved if you
look at life expectancy it is shot up
worldwide if you look at child mortality
a number of kids dying before the age of
five going down in every country a half
worldwide over the last 20 years the
number of people in school the number of
people learning has been going up the
number of people dying in murders has
been dropping the number of people dying
on the battlefield has been dropping
beer consumption it's been going up the
number of countries a Democratic has
been increasing the number of countries
that actually really respect you civil
and political rights going up not as
fast but going up measures of anything
almost apart from the environment carbon
dioxide output has been rising very
dramatically and we've got the serious
problem with climate change on the
horizon with that big caveat aside
almost every other trend is just in the
right direction worldwide an improvement
has been faster in the countries that
were serviced by and these trends are to
some to be obscured by one that is
flatlining there which is income in
developing countries how are all these
things getting better if incomes aren't
going up I guess some two big things are
going on why is a bunch of technologies
have made the quality of life cheaper
vaccines bed nets sugar salt solutions
that cure diarrhea these things all save
millions of lives a year add to that
changing norms it used to be a bit of a
nutty idea to send your girls in
particular to school you know why would
you want to do that
now all worldwide the norm is just
course bill should get school what do
you think are the ideas even simple ones
that have had the biggest empirically
obvious positive impact on real people's
lives over the last 30 and they'll be
the ones that have spread the most I
guess so
it would be things like the norm not
even the idea but just sort of the the
norm that you should send kids to school
it would be things like I should get my
kids back to nated it'd be things like I
should get the vote for the person who
runs my country I mean these are really
very simple ideas that have had
revolutionary effects I'd also say you
know that the technology of the internal
combustion engine has spread worldwide
has just changed lives everywhere I mean
you know you can be in rural Africa
you're quite likely still to be within
sort of ten miles of an all-weather road
which quite often will have a bus going
along it periodically
that's just revolutionary compared to 50
years ago you know the world has just a
lot more interconnected than it used to
be they'll also say another mobile phone
I used to scoff as a development
professional that this was a toy for
rich people right I was very wrong
people have voted with their wallets if
you will you know there are now more
mobile subscribers worldwide than people
I think even in developing countries
very poor people are willing to spend
some of their very limited income on
getting access to the mobile phone and
it's just all sorts of effects on the
quality of life through this you know
what is now a really simple and really
cheap device if somebody in China
tomorrow invents a continuously
renewable cheap energy source or a cure
for cancer yes for America I mean it's
gonna be a huge boon for the Chinese
economy it'll accelerate Rises I mean
hopefully write accelerate rising living
standards it'll accelerate and come and
it'll accelerate the amassing of the
geopolitical power but possibly people
in America won't die from cancer in
people in China invented paper or
fireworks we don't that be a bad thing
for us or do we actually quite like
having paper or fireworks you know I
mean I'd you know July 4th would not be
the same in this country if it were it
not for Chinese inventors so I think
it's just very clear that especially
when it comes to innovation a richer
planet is a richer healthier happier
America they are just hugely tied into
the global economy they are a part of a
whole bunch of production chains that if
you know tomorrow
global trade broke down because of a war
their economy would gum up overnight the
United States 19:18 kind of you knows
could stand alone it produced a lot of
oil it produced a lot of raw materials
it could do the whole it could build the
tank from the ore in the ground and the
oil you know all the way to the final
tank with its shells china can't do that
kind of thing nearly in the way we used
to be able to
States you know the world is just a
different place when it comes to the
threat of global war I think then it
used to be when I read some of the
American decline this literature the
arguments take a very particular
structure the structure is America is
declining and as such we need to rapidly
implement the policies the other favors
currently right and it makes me wonder
sometimes how much the American decline
estar the fear of the rising powers
elsewhere is about trying to find
consciously or subconsciously a
galvanizing threat in the way communism
once was right that pundits writers
politicians think will be enough to
motivate people to ultimately embrace
their agendas III accept that we and
we're running out of others in a really
positive way you know we're not allowed
to discriminate as many people we used
to discriminate against and so who are
we gonna have as the threat and and and
and maybe what we're left with is China
I hope we discover Martians soon if that
is because you know China's are really
bad other and and we really need to be
cooperating with China so treating them
as a threat is going to be really
counterproductive to our own quality of
life
