one of the Middle East's bloodiest
conflicts is also one of its most
overlooked it's not Syria or Iraq it's
in a different place entirely Yemen
the 20 month old civil war there has
killed more than 10,000 people and
triggered a massive humanitarian crisis
but press coverage has been minimal
overshadowed by the fight against Isis
in Syria and in Iraq in Yemen one side
has Houthi rebels backed by Iran on the
other you have the former Yemeni
government of apt abu mansur al-hadi
backed by coalition of 10 countries led
by neighboring Saudi Arabia who is
ultimately also backed by the US the
Civil War there erupted in 2015 when the
Houthis a Shiite group who received
money and weapons from Iran took up arms
to overthrow Yemen's government which is
Sunni and backed by Saudi Arabia the
Houthis complained that the government
discriminated against them for years
mistreating them on a large scale and
that their fight is a fight to be
treated fairly many in the region by
contrast see it very differently they
think it's the latest front in a shadow
war between Saudi Arabia and Iran for
control over the entire region in March
of 2015
Saudi Arabia began bombing Houthi held
territory across Yemen causing mass
civilian casualties they've destroyed
targets ranging from marketplaces to
hospitals from schools and even to a
funeral recently where 140 people were
killed in a single strike in August the
Saudis bombed the vital port of HO data
severely damaging a main source of
Yemen's food and humanitarian aid
shipments and increasing the chances of
mass starvation in what is already an
impoverished country the indiscriminate
bombing has prompted investigations by
the UN for possible war crimes but while
the Saudis are leading this bloody
campaign the blame also spreads to a
great power who support is directly
contributing to the carnage to the
United States the US has supported Saudi
Arabia militarily since World War two
selling arms providing military aid and
training the Saudi military on how to
use the u.s. manufactured planes tanks
and other weapons in recent years Saudi
Arabia has bought more weapons from the
US than any other country in the world
just since March of 2015 the US has
authorised 22 billion dollars worth of
weapon sales of Saudi Arabia
the most recent deal includes 20 Abrams
tanks listed as battle damage
replacements the Battle of course is
Yemen the weapons the u.s. sells also
include cluster bombs banned by most of
the international community and f-15
fighter planes which is making up the
vast bulk of what the Saudi Air Force is
currently using as it bombs Yemen but
America's aid to Saudi Arabia goes way
beyond weapon sales and it's directly
contributing to the current fight that's
because Washington is literally helping
to refuel saudi planes while they strike
targets across Yemen when the Saudis
asked the u.s. to refuel one of their
planes giant American tankers like the
kc-135 stratotanker take off from the
Incirlik Air Base in Turkey or from US
carriers in the Arabian Sea
they then link up with Saudi f-15s in
international airspace these airborne
leaf fuels give the saudi planes in much
longer range and allow saudis air
campaign to become more lethal but the
plane that can stay in the air longer
and hit targets much more frequently as
of late november the US had flown more
than 1600 refueling missions to over
6300 aircraft in the skies bombing Yemen
that's an average of two a day so why is
the u.s. so supportive of this bloody
campaign the most important reason is
the Iran nuclear deal in 2015 the Obama
administration offered to drop its
crippling economic sanctions on Iran in
exchange for Iran limiting its nuclear
program without those sanctions Iran's
political and economic power has
significantly increased making Saudi
Arabia nervous that their enemy will
gain new
from the region in countries from Iraq
to Lebanon and from Syria to Yemen now
that Iranian influences in Saudi
Arabia's backyard
the Saudis fear that Houthi rebels loyal
to Iran will now be literally on the
footsteps of their country they want us
help beat in the back
secondly the intervention in Yemen is
also a part of the US has broader
counter-terrorist strategy for the
Middle East the goal of US policy in
Yemen is to make sure that Yemen cannot
be a safe haven that extremists can use
to attack the West and to attack the
United States Yemen is home with the
most active and dangerous branch of al
Qaeda the US has a major interest in
preventing this terror group from taking
advantage of the power vacuum in Yemen
to plot new attacks finally the u.s. is
honoring one of its longest standing and
most important allies since World War
two Saudi Arabia has been a vital
partner against communism and now
terrorism the Eman campaign is a high
priority for Saudi Arabia and that makes
it a priority for the United States but
as the war devolves into a bloody
stalemate the administration is
increasingly worried about being
complicit in potential war crimes and
State Department documents obtained by
Reuters a meeting agenda from January of
2016 talks about limiting exposure to
low Act which means the law of armed
conflict some of the White House worried
that the u.s. was potentially violating
that law because with assistance to
Saudi Arabia in those documents State
Department officials also discuss
implications of a 2013 international
court decision implying that if the US
were to provide practical assistance
encouragement or moral support to the
Saudis of the US could be charged with
war crimes itself in an effort to avoid
this the u.s. issued a no strike list to
the Saudis and try to mitigate civilian
casualties and included things like
known hospitals universities schools
cemeteries the Saudis appear to be
ignoring it
the UN estimates 10,000 people have died
in the fighting then 370 thousand
children are malnourished and that
10,000 other children have already died
from preventable disease nearly 3
million people have been pushed out of
their homes in the last year of fighting
alone
truth is F come and gone while hopes for
peace talks falter the Houthis continued
to run the government in the capital of
Sanaa raising questions about what Saudi
rape has actually accomplished and
whether any of it could possibly be
worth the cost here at home in Congress
some lawmakers from both parties have
talked about stopping weapons sales to
Saudi Arabia until does more to keep the
air war on Yemen
and causing massive human rights abuses
others argue that America's relationship
with Saudi Arabia is so important that
the US needs to keep selling weapons
despite the carnage in Yemen the Obama
administration for its part has
repeatedly urged the Saudis to do more
to avoid accidentally hitting targets
like schools and like hospitals the
White House has also condemned
individual attacks but the reality is
that the u.s. finds itself increasingly
complicit with the actions of a
coalition led by Saudi Arabia that means
President Obama will leave office with
America helping an ally fight a bloody
war causing mass civilian suffering that
shows no signs of ending and that is not
a legacy to be proud
