these are eight prototypes for the
proposed border wall between the u.s.
and Mexico Customs and Border Patrol
commissioned these designs and they're
on display just outside of San Diego
some have rounded top so that ropes
can't be hooked on others have gaps so
guards can see the other side some are
concrete others incorporate steel and
other materials the design to keep
people out but the border doesn't all
look like it doesn't San Diego you can
find pockets of rich biodiversity
including endangered species that move
back and forth across the border and
that raises the question when we design
walls to divide people what happens to
the natural world around them
the us-mexico border currently has about
650 miles of physical barrier that looks
something like this well about 1,300
miles are unfenced
overall this border region is home to an
incredible array of species you can see
that there's a high concentration of
diversity of amphibians reptiles and
mammals right along the political
boundary building a wall in these areas
threatens that diversity parts of the
existing 650 miles of border wall have
already impacted rare and endangered
species and in the Rio Grande Valley in
Texas where a 33 miles of new barrier is
scheduled to go the wall can't be built
on the boundary itself the river forms a
natural border so construction has to
happen on u.s. territory that means a
wall here would cut through several
protected parcels of land like this
creating almost 6,500 acres of
inaccessible no-man's land and that
poses a unique problem for animal
movement the immediate problem is with
flooding along the Rio Grande ZAR
floodplains that fill up when water
levels rise from torrential rains when
that happens reptiles and mammals have
to move to safety but installing an
impermeable wall essentially creates a
dam so when water rises these animals
would be trapped in the long term
structures that limit animal migration
can have serious consequences for their
survival when a population is separated
by a barrier its gene pool can be split
up that means reduced genetic diversity
in each population which leads to higher
levels of inbreeding and an increased
risk of extinction for the endangered
Ocelot that process is happening right
now the species is down to two small
populations in the US and Mexico border
walls have been linked to a decrease in
their populations and diversity any
additional barriers would put their
survival even more at risk and make the
possibility of reconnecting those two
populations pretty much impossible
some argue that small crossings or
barriers with occasional gaps would
allow animals like the Ocelot to pass
through but those kind of design
features don't really take animal
behavior into account typically building
a barrier requires surrounding areas to
be totally cleared of vegetation for
roads that Border Patrol can drive on
the area is often lit with bright
stadium lights too for animals
accustomed to traveling at night under
the cover of vegetation that's not a
welcoming environment to use a small
opening in 2014 researchers placed
cameras along the Arizona border and
found that the presence of humans and
most animal
dropped after fence installations but
where the fence ended human presence
increased dramatically while animal
presence dropped so humans can figure
out ways around over or under a barrier
animals often can't there's one big
reason why habitats like those in the
Rio Grande Valley are vulnerable right
now along these areas the department of
homeland security has the authority to
waive environmental laws for border wall
projects so they can build a wall
anytime with no restrictions nature
isn't supposed to be the target of
political barriers but with a wall like
this it might stand to suffer a lot of
the consequences thank you so much for
watching episode 2 of by design to film
this story I went down with our science
editor Eliza Barkley to the border of
Texas and Mexico I highly recommend that
you check out more of the reporting that
she has done on this issue those links
are down below
