these are peanut M&Ms this is you eating
a lot of peanut M&Ms after seeing
stories about chocolates unbelievable
health benefits almost every week you
can open the newspaper or turn on your
favorite news website now box with other
news websites and notice that there's
stories about all the purported health
benefits of chocolate chocolate can help
you live longer it'll make your nail
shinier to help you lose weight there
are so many stories about chocolate and
its health benefits and we just love to
gobble them up but chocolate hasn't
always been a media darling in the past
it was about to cause acne no this is
just regular adult acne i don't drink
enough water and this article from 1997
even called it addictive i've Vox we
started to ask ourselves how did
chocolate become a health food it turns
out there's a reason behind the
chocolate madness in 1982 Mars which is
one of the world's biggest chocolate
makers established something called the
Mars Center for cocoa Health Sciences
but they must to learn more about the
cocoa bean and understanding chocolates
and Coco's effects on the body and
whether it might have any health
benefits box examined the Mars sponsored
research and found that of a hundred
studies we we identified over the last
forty years ninety eight of them had
positive or favorable conclusions that's
a pretty big number and it made us
wonder what's so magical about chocolate
that it's getting these glowing reviews
so even all flavonols flavanols
flavonols klebanov they're micro
nutrients that are found in the cocoa
bean and they're thought to have
antioxidant properties Mars initial
focus was on the overall benefits of
chocolate but it shifted to this
specific compound some of these studies
concluded that flavanols could boost
your mood and cognitive performance and
that both cocoa powder and dark
chocolate can have a favorable effect on
cardiovascular disease risk which sounds
awesome but it doesn't mean all kinds of
chocolate have the same health benefits
or any health benefits at all dark
chocolate milk chocolate and cocoa beans
aren't the same thing to understand why
you have to check out a cocoa tree near
the equator just kidding this is a
borders folks cocoa or cacao beans come
from these trees the beans are roasted
and ground into what we know as cocoa
powder or cocoa butter dark chocolate is
made mostly from cocoa butter and
typically has a higher percentage of
cocoa milk chocolate is created from
cocoa and well milk the difference is
that it goes through more processing
with added ingredients it has more fats
and sugar and less cocoa that's what
makes milk chocolate so sweet but it's
also the reason milk chocolate isn't
your best bet for these flavanols one of
the big problems with flavanols is that
in the chocolate manufacturing process
you end up killing them off in addition
different types of cocoa beans have
varying amounts of flavanols to begin
with so different kinds of chocolate
contain bearing amounts of the compound
manufacturers have been basing their
studies on so the reason companies are
funding so much science they're putting
money into their own science and
research institutions their funding
chairs at universities and the reason
they're doing that is to sell more
chocolate chocolate is big business
chocolate sales have gone up from
fourteen point two billion dollars in
2007 to eighteen point nine billion
dollars in 2017 and Mars isn't the only
company profiting from this some of the
world's biggest chocolate makers are
also funding cocoa science hyping it up
to be the next big thing to help you
lose weight or remember where you left
your keys when the media and press
offices interpret some of these studies
we like to write chocolate in our
stories even though the study is we're
only looking at cocoa beans or cocoa
supplements despite a growing obesity
epidemic this Nisha nutrition science is
fearing health-conscious consumers
toward premium and gourmet dark
chocolate these products are now seen as
healthy indulgences in short-term
studies researchers have found the
flavanols can lower blood pressure or
the proof cognition by certain measures
but none of these things have actually
been studied in long-term research on
endpoints that really matter for health
well then do you be studying even matter
so I want to be clear these studies
aren't necessarily bad studies many of
them have passed peer review and
published in prestigious journals when
you design an interpretive study there
are all kinds of ways that bias can be
introduced the study published in Nature
Neuroscience is a good example of that
and 2014 this more sponsored study
looked at whether cocoa flavanols can
prevent cognitive decline the problems
with this study it ran for only 12 weeks
involved a small number of participants
and focused on narrow outcomes that made
the results unreliable okay maybe
there's more - on the benefits of
chocolate then there should be but like
what's the worst that can happen if you
eat a bunch of chocolate a little bit of
anything isn't really bad for health but
chocolates also filled with a lot of
sugar and calories in fat and consuming
a lot of those things would counteract
any health benefits you might get from
the flavanols or the antioxidants and
even the best cocoa right so you
probably want to eat chocolate in
moderation and not be this guy in a
bunch of it in one sitting
dude you're still filming me to say
lower your blood pressure because
there's no excuse or science to back
that behavior
