practical do you think work in the
United States today actually be
nominated and on the ticket as president
how dare you a beautiful car that you
are oh yeah if I had to say that all of
America was ready no it's not white
period I know
still not shattered that highest and
hardest last ceiling but someday someone
will and hopefully sooner than we might
think
right there are those who make the
contention Margaret chase Smith was the
first Republican woman to run for
president she was a three term senator
from Maine the day she announced
Washington Post columnist had already
dubbed her campaign non-serious the idea
of a woman running for president of the
United States wasn't taken seriously
Smith had spent the previous 24 years in
Congress initially elected to her
husband's seat when he died but around
the country opportunities for women to
enter male-dominated jobs were shrinking
after World War two Rosie the Riveter
had to go back home and start making
dinner again women gained traction if
you will as workers but then the men
came back and there was an understanding
that they had to be employed there was
no organized women's movement there to
fight for them and this is why the 1950s
women's rights went into a deep really a
deep crater don't you think marriage is
just the most important thing in the
world I mean a woman is
really a woman at all until she's been
married and had children this was an era
when the National Weather Service
started giving hurricanes female names
and when airline stewardesses were fired
when they turned 32 for two decades
there was little change in the
percentage of Americans who said that
they would vote for a female
presidential candidate if she was
qualified that stagnation coincided with
a broad effort to reassert traditional
gender roles as part of the ideological
battles of the Cold War it had become
popular for Freudian psychologists to
blame working women for society's ills
everywhere children of working parents
are being left without adequate
supervision or restraint
catastrophic social forces have
propelled American women away from
femininity and into careers at terrific
cost to themselves and society political
operatives were able to leverage these
trends to end the career of Minnesota
congresswoman coya Knutson in 1958 she
lost her re-election after they arranged
for her estranged husband to publish a
letter asking for her to come home and
care for their family and those women
who somehow managed to get a law degree
at that time faced open discrimination
when they graduated I called at least 40
of those firms asking for an interview
and not one of them would give me an
interview I was a woman and they said we
don't hire women when the women's
liberation movement got up and running
in late 60s and in the 70s the early
priorities were fighting job
discrimination and securing equal rights
in the law during this time the number
of women in Congress barely changed but
the Democratic Party saw a female
presidential candidate in shirley
chisholm a congresswoman from New York I
spend before you today as a candidate
for the Democratic nomination for the
presidency of the United States
she was a truly feminist anti-racist
lawmaker I believe we are intelligent
enough to recognize that talent energy
and dedication which all Americans
including women and minority Chisholm
was one of the prominent feminists who
created the National Women's Political
caucus in 1971 with the goal of electing
more women to Congress in response the
Secretary of State at the time
reportedly joked with President Nixon
that the women resembled a burlesque by
1977 fully half of the countries still
agreed with the statement that most men
are better suited emotionally for
politics than most women who both have
combined it seems to me very
successfully marriage in politics what
do you say to people that say the two
might be incompatible have you done this
well I think that's probably the the
most offensive question that's ever
asked because I truly believe that men
and
equal and I've never heard anyone ask a
man how has it been on your family I
mean it's not the past we had made very
little progress from the dawn of the
women's movement in fact democratic
women had lost seats in the house
nevertheless in 1984 women's groups
convinced the Democratic presidential
candidate to choose a congresswoman as
his running mate I looked for the best
vice president and I found her and Geri
Ferraro oh I thought our lives would
change if we can do this we can do
anything
women were coming out in record numbers
and they would bring their children and
hold their babies up you know showed
their daughters what it would be like to
have a woman running for vice president
and everything will be different after
this
it wasn't geraldine ferraro the Democrat
who wants to be vice president as
Ferraro could you push the nuclear
button let me help you with the
difference mr. Ferraro between Iran and
the embassy in Lebanon let me just say
first of all that I almost resent vice
president bush you're patronizing
attitude that you have to teach me about
foreign policy the majority of women
like the majority of men voted for the
popular incumbent president that year it
would be more than two decades before
one of the major parties nominated
another woman for vice president in the
1980s women caught up to men in college
enrollment and they'd surpassed them in
voter turnout rates in presidential
elections but the public in the press
still didn't know what to make of women
seeking elected office as congresswoman
Patricia Schroeder found when she
briefly considered running for president
in the 1988 election the first thing you
always get is well you don't look
presidential I mean my answer was always
I know that there's never been a
President of the United States who looks
like me
I find that regrettable but you know
when when she announced that she was
ending or suspending her campaign was
clear that she was not going to win in
the primaries you know she became
emotional just for a moment I could not
figure out how to run and not be
separated from those I sir
there must be a way but I haven't
figured it out yet
she was roundly pilloried oh this proves
it women are too soft women are too
emotional and you know the impact on on
congresswoman Schroeder was not very
great I've met her she's an amazingly
tough optimistic extraordinary person
the impact was on bystander women who
might have been thinking that they might
want to run women running for office
faced a double bind they had to appear
tough enough to lead but if they were
too tough or too confident they violated
norms about how women were supposed to
behave this is how the Washington Post
described Barbara Mikulski after she
became one of two women in the Senate in
1986 there was one Republican woman
Nancy Kassebaum and senator Mikulski and
98 men Malcolm's new fundraising
organization Emily's lists had helped
make Mikulski a credible candidate
together they set out to bring more
democratic women to Congress and they
got a boost when law professor Anita
Hill was called to testify about a
Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas
called Anita Hill a liar Hill said
Thomas sexually harassed her and she
passed a lie-detector test
with the all-male panel during the
hearings more Clarence Thomas decided to
simply attack her are you a scorned
woman I would think that these things
which you described are so repugnant
that you would never have talked to him
again and then has it the most
contradictory and puzzling thing for me
what Anita Hill was describing was
absolutely resonant with what so many
women had experienced in their own
lifetime thing knew she was telling the
truth
women were furious and when they found
out there were only two women in the
Senate they decided they were gonna do
something about it and it did they're
calling it the year of the
what impact will it have on Congress and
what we see today is simply a dress
rehearsal for the day and time we meet
in convention to nominate Madam
President the 1992 election brought in
24 Congress women and four female
senators some women spend their life
looking out the window for prince
charming I've been waiting six years for
new women to come to the United States
Senate and I was telling the students at
the time that eight women had been
elected to the United States Senate and
one little girl looked at me and said is
that all her universe her world showed
her the possibilities and that is the
progress that we have achieved while
women continued to make slow but steady
gains in Congress lack of money and
party support prevented female
candidates from making credible bids at
a presidential nomination I think what
we've done is pave the way for the
person who will be the first woman
president we are committed to opening up
our democracy we will get there one day
so when Hillary Clinton entered the 2008
primaries as the presumptive frontrunner
for the Democratic nomination it was
utterly unprecedented if it's not you
how disappointed will you be well it
will be me like congressional candidates
in the 80s and 90s Clinton strategy was
to campaign as any man would emphasizing
strength and minimizing gender her
advisers were absolutely determined to
downplay that if we have the room she
has the strength if you have the
conviction she has the experience I
think it started changing at the end of
the primaries in 2008 but I am a woman
and like millions of women I know there
are still barriers and biases out there
often
her attempt to run a genderless campaign
didn't keep sexism out of the election I
don't know but that is so perfect I have
often said she comes on television I
involuntarily crossed my legs
she morphed into a scolding mother
looking like everyone's first wife
standing outside of probate cool by the
time of her concession speech Clinton
seemed to recognize that her supporters
didn't want to ignore gender I had
managed somehow to get on some kind of a
platform so I could actually see her
from very far away and what was really
striking to me is I'm looking around and
many many many women in tears hardest
glass ceiling this time thanks to you
it's got about 18 million tracks in it
why is shining through bike never before
filling us all with the hope and the
shore knowledge that the path will be a
little easier next time eight years
later Clinton openly campaigned on her
experiences as a woman but I think if
you vote for somebody on the merits one
of my merits is I'm a woman and I think
on D the first woman to come close to
the presidency faced an openly sexist
opponent you know you could see there
was blood coming out of her eyes blood
coming out of her wherever look at that
face he cries would anybody vote for
that can you imagine that the face of
our next president I mean she's a woman
and not supposed to say bad things but
really folks come on are we serious
earlier this month you said she doesn't
have quote a presidential look she's
standing here right now what did you
mean by that
she doesn't if the look she doesn't have
the stamina but women have never voted
as a unified block the exit poll search
shows that Trump did better with women
than expected for example white women
ages 45 to 64 12 are by 19 points there
so how much longer will it be well that
depends on how many women are in the
pipeline we just don't have that many
women in the Senate or in governor's
mansions and those are the two most
likely paths to the presidency the focus
on the presidential race can obscure the
fact that women who run for Congress and
for governor are just as likely as men
to win the problem is that fewer women
are running we identified a national
sample of lawyers business leaders
educators and political activists and
across the board there was about a 16
percentage point gender gap in political
ambition they've done this survey twice
and the gap didn't shrink between 2001
and 2011 when asked if they were
qualified for public office the women
rated themselves lower than men we
second-guess ourselves we always try and
say what if this happens or what if I'm
not ready or what if I don't know enough
and that's how women hold themselves
back the confidence gap between men and
women is a broad societal problem but
there's one easy way to continue working
toward gender parity in politics
women are less likely than men to be
recruited or encouraged to run for
office and when women and men get that
encouragement get that boost they're far
more likely to throw their hats into the
ring there's a lot of ways we can find
support for you but we need your
leadership and your intelligence and
your hard work to make this democracy
work all the rights that we have are
tenuous it depends on administration it
depends on court current politicians it
depends on memory so be vigilant be the
voice for change don't just be a
recipient of it you will have successes
and setbacks to this loss hurts but
please never stop believing that
fighting for what's right is worth it
you
