we have been seeing really ever since
Barack Obama first one election in late
2008 a growth in groups on the radical
right in 2008 we went from about a
hundred and fifty so-called Patriot
groups anti-government radical groups to
something like thirteen hundred and
sixty groups in 2012 in the last year
though Donald Trump has added fuel to
that fire in a very big way
Al Gore and George Bush and people like
an MIT Romney and these people they're
all the same you know they're all the
same type of candidate so it's it's
pretty interesting this year to see
something a little bit different you
know as we support those nationalist
principles like closing the borders and
things of that nature it's not that
Trump is telling these groups what to
think they have you know had their own
white supremacist ideology for many
decades now what Trump is doing is
legitimizing some of the things that
he's saying issues that we've been
tackling for years now we talked about
globalism we talked about America first
these sort of things bringing back
American jobs these are things that he's
hitting wrong so it's put a lot of our
nationalism sort of becoming mainstream
I do think the Trump will probably help
the movement grow as a whole we may not
see that reflected at rallies but I
think we will see reflected on the
number of people who are engaging with
the ideas of the white supremacist
whether that's electronically on the
internet or an actual person and
face-to-face encounters
I mean we are all across the country
going to be watching the polling places
where we have chapters where we have
members we're going to be unofficially
monitoring those polls in different
parts of the country
you
