throughout this election pundits and
analysts have wondered whether identity
groups like millenials women Latinos
might come out to vote but what about a
group of Americans who desperately want
to vote but often can't I'm talking
about Americans living with disabilities
voting is a pain in the butt
that's Victor Pineda an award-winning
scholar and disability rights activist
the victor is able to vote in 2008
but not without great difficulty because
he uses a wheelchair Victor had to wait
for 30 minutes outside a fraternity
while poll workers scrambled to find an
accessible voting booth the solution
that poll workers ultimately came up
with was to have Victor forgo his
privacy rights and vote from the
sidewalk yes I voted but it did not make
me feel like I was voting privately nor
that I was trying to express myself like
everybody else each one of us wants to
feel like we belong and having to have
this sort of cumbersome process just
makes you feel like you're an
afterthought but Victor story is not an
isolated incident according to a 2013
study by Rutgers University a third of
the estimated 35 million American voters
with disabilities say that they
experienced some trouble voting in the
2012 election the same study found that
almost half of polling places examined
had accessible voting systems that
weren't easy to navigate for voters with
a disability in the time that I spent
with these voters I found it extremely
difficult to even find one person that
didn't have an embarrassing story about
a voting experience but this time I had
trouble voting because there's only one
wheelchair accessible booth they moved
it to a gas station it was really very
precarious for somebody on a wheelchair
and these stories aren't just anecdotal
according to UC Davis researcher Mindy
Romero people with disabilities tend to
have lower voter turnout rates partly
because of these barriers to access that
other Americans take for granted
voters disabilities it's a bit it's a
population that
is very determined to be seen and be
represented but they do have lower
turnout levels issues with voting range
from difficulty in reading the ballot
difficulty and knowing where the polling
site was we talked to a couple of people
that had experiences they were blind
they walked into the polling site and
they were told there wasn't a machine
and what's most shocking is not only the
frequency at which these problems
occurred but how easily preventable they
are and we are talking about a major
overhaul of the entire voting system
we're talking about small fixes like
training staff to use a machine or
ensuring that there are ramps on site
and the Rutgers study shows that if
Americans with Disabilities voted at the
same rate as non-disabled Americans
there could be 3 million extra people
voting that's an amount that has the
power to swing an election and
compounding this problem with access is
isolation people with disabilities are
more likely to be isolated and this
makes navigating the voting process even
harder it's a lot of people who have
disabilities don't have relationships
they don't have transportation that no
employment I think Boeing is very
complicated a lot of people even
professionals are overwhelmed by voting
so people that education love was not as
high might have problems of mobility as
well and we need help with
transportation because in LA with a cart
with a road-rage capital of the United
States
and although voting by mail seems like a
solution to all of these ills it doesn't
solve the biggest problem facing people
with disabilities which is invisibility
but I voted in every presidential
election of primaries 1851 I have a
disability and I have rights and I'm
part of the community like everybody
else so I like to exercise for me it was
important that they saw me it's really
important that people with disabilities
come out and it's not just physical
barriers that prevent people with
disabilities from exercising the right
to vote for instance David rector used
to be a producer at NPR
and after suffering a brain injury lost
his ability to vote because he was
assigned a guardian
he is fighting for his right to vote
despite being well informed and
desperate to vote in what has become a
high stakes election to say the least
and of course the voting system being
ill-prepared for people with
disabilities is a larger metaphor for
the priorities of a political system
that fails to prioritize the needs of
disabled Americans despite the fact that
they make up 20% of the population and
our media has been a culprit - when
Hillary Clinton made a push to appeal to
disabled voters the Washington Post
labeled the effort as unusual so what's
the solution to this problem we need to
see people with disabilities but
actually see them and in order to do
that we need to adopt our world to make
that inevitable we need to build
environments with people with
disabilities in mind in adapt public
spaces to them not the other way around
I'd actually challenge you to say that
we're not a minority we're actually part
of every single community that exists
and what probably is holding us back is
the stigma that is associated with
disability most people look at it as a
problem to fix or something tragic or a
burden and really it's just a normal
natural part of life voting is the
bedrock of democracy Americans have
fought tooth and nail for the rights of
African Americans and women to vote
there's no reason why Americans who are
differently abled should be left out of
exercising that same fundamental right
during a pivotal election where both
candidates have such contrasting
positions on people with disabilities
feels like a good time to ensure that
they all get a say in who gets the keys
to the White House
you
