more than 25 years ago America's leading
Republican talked about disability like
this let the shameful wall of exclusion
finally come tumbling down and now
America's leading Republican is talking
about disability like this you got to
see this guy I don't know what I said oh
I don't remember how did that make you
feel
it made me both and if I'm gonna make
fun of me and get away with it when
Donald Trump insulted other identity
groups like women Mexicans
african-americans tv-news rightfully
sought to hear from those voices and
when Donald Trump mocked a reporter with
a disability I don't remember twice by a
guy that I can't buy a pair of pants I
get called names the news put on lots of
abled body people with no apparent
disability to talk about how people with
a disability should feel even though
this seems like a glaring omission it
wouldn't be fair to just single out TV
news in fact it would be totally
inaccurate to do so because generally
speaking there is a dearth of people
living with a disability whether it's in
television or film scholar and
disability activist Victor Pineda the
leaves the issue runs much deeper than
this
we are visible if you're willing to look
there are four in 52 and 56 million
people I live with a disability and I
think that we represent every
constituency group we are old we're
young we're black white Hispanic Asian
we are men women transgender we are part
of every community and all we want is an
equal opportunity to express ourselves
and contribute our talents the but a
little put our visibility is that we're
here
contra do have a stake in a selection
but despite this lack of representation
there's a certain kind of invisibility
that goes with disability for instance
when Hillary Clinton super PAC tried to
take advantage of Donald Trump's
disrespect for people living with a
disability their ad didn't even feature
the voice of a person with a disability
at all so since we don't often hear or
see people with disabilities their
issues never get addressing the media
and then we don't press candidates on it
and they don't include it in their
political platforms and then it leads to
more invisibility and then they're even
less accountable to it so what are we
gonna do about what we gonna do about it
you know what we're gonna do about it
Dean we're gonna go to skin Pasadena
what would be your message to the
candidates there's so much power in
being disabled the little hurdles that
we go over they're humongous we are part
of the future and that if that's the
world that they create you know then we
should be first in line
another topic would be employment and
you know ending sub-minimum wages and
making sure that everybody is paid
equally and that employment
opportunities are not segregated the
average American makes about a forty
thousand years so we don't have to have
a live income so it with the watch every
every cent we have
I do think that some candidates do more
free disability than other candidates
but I mean they could say on they want
what we really wanted action I want to
say to all oppressed educators good luck
I wish you to wish you the very best and
whoever wins the president of Canada I
know you gave it to country much better
we're differently-abled the gay hero so
why should we all care about this
because the first President Bush was
right when he signed the Americans with
Disabilities Act and said that America
will never be a prosperous nation until
all with an interocitor community
organizer Ted Jackson made the point
that Americans living with a disability
make up a huge voting block that no
candidate has tapped into yet it's open
to either party who's going to be taking
those sharp moves and making their
campaigns accessible for people who's
talking about Pro disability policy and
engaging people with disabilities in the
creation of that policy because that's
that's the candidate that's the party
that's going to lock in this voting bloc
so although it would be easy to point
the finger to politicians or the media
for countless people living in this
country this isn't a Republican or a
democratic issue it's an American issue
also where can we get your entire effort
Sears it's amazing
two years old so I hope you can still
get it but if this make sure you keep
the pink wheelchair because I think my
body as would reject any other color
