during a rally in st. Louis Donald Trump
lamented ya lamented that nobody wants
to hurt each other anymore look he said
it right here nobody wants to hurt each
other anymore right and they're being
politically correct the way they take
them out so it takes a little bit longer
and honestly protesters they realize it
they realize that there are no
consequences to protesting anymore this
is the core of Donald Trump's ideology
the protestors who interrupted his rally
the political correctness that kept
police from cracking their skulls the
media that always seems to take their
side this is what is keeping America
from being great again we used to be
strong and tough and we didn't take shit
from anybody
now we're weak and we're sensitive and
we're politically correct and we take
shit from everybody I love the old days
you know what they used to do to guys
like that when they were in a place like
this they'd be carried out on a
stretcher folks like to punch him in the
face I'll tell you
Trump's core question to his supporters
to the country is how are we going to
beat China if we can't even shut down a
protester how are we going to crush Isis
if we're so afraid of hurting people's
feelings litical ideology is something
different it is something terrifying and
that's where Trump and Trump's campaign
has gone this is Donald Trump's promised
as supporters you protect him you do
what's necessary and he'll protect you
he'll pay your legal fees he'll back
your lie that's his promise you protect
him and he'll protect you he'll use his
money his power his anything if they fix
this problem he'll make sure they don't
pay any consequences for it so if you
see somebody getting ready to throw a
tomato knock the crap out of would you
seriously okay just knock the hell I
promise you I will pay for the legal
fees I promise I promise
but once later Donald Trump made good on
that promise at a rally of his a
african-american protester was being
taken out of the building and while he
was being taken out and you can see it
on the video he was sucker-punched by a
trump supporter yes he deserved it
the next time we see we might have to
kill him completely cold-blooded assault
that job support has been arrested he's
been charged with a crime and Donald
Trump was asked on one of the sunday
shows would he pay for this man's legal
fees and here's what he said possible
you could help him with legal fees if
this man needs it I've actually
instructed my people to look into the
great mistake the media makes with
Donald Trump is that he doesn't have an
ideology that he's just some kind of
reality star or celebrity or carnival
barker but he does have an ideology he
is a nationalist at the core of any
appeal like that is a very simple
equation the US must defeat the them
that's it that is the core of
nationalism and there's a recent
national stick appeals like that easily
lend themselves to violence what Trump
supporters here at his rallies is that
America used to be great and its
greatness has been taken away and
they're told why they're told who took
it away those protesters the Chinese the
immigrants the Muslims they are told
that the reason these losers these
outsiders are being able to drag America
down is that we are letting them we are
letting these protesters stand up and
interrupt our rallies we are letting the
Mexican government give us this terrible
deal and they're told what they need to
do to stop it to that they need to be
tough again they need to believe again
they need to not be so politically
correct and that if they're willing to
stand up and do that Donald Trump will
have their back he'll pay their legal
fees there is an authoritarian impulse
in America there always is or always has
been and now they have found their
leader and he is telling them exactly
what to do and why they need to do it
this is ugly but it is coherent what
Donald Trump is offering is an argument
and a solution an explanation and an
ideology what he's saying isn't unclear
it's not confusing it might be dangerous
but it is extremely extremely clear
honestly
be honest with you it adds to the flavor
it really does makes it more exciting I
mean is it this better than listening to
a long boring speech and this is why
Donald Trump is something new and
something scarier in American life he is
a man with an evident appetite for
suppressing dissent through violence
he's a man who believes security forces
should be Unleashed from political
correctness he's a man who will not just
play to the violent instincts of the
crowd the promise to protect them if
they become violent he's a man arguing
for country were protesting has terrible
terrible consequences for dissent is put
down with force and his supporters
listening the results are playing out
too for us on television night after
night if Donald Trump wins this election
and America goes down a dark path we
will never be able to say that we
weren't warned whenever he able to say
we didn't know what was coming Donald
Trump was very clear he told us all and
we saw it we knew exactly what he was
the question is whether we'll reject it
you
