come on people stop taking antibiotics
for your colds
it needs repeating the results of this
w-h-o survey indicates that at least 64
percent of the respondents actually
thought antibiotics could treat their
flus or colds but that's wrong
antibiotics actually treat bacterial
infections colds and flus those are
viral infections that's not the same
thing
bacterial infections are things like
strep throat or a urinary tract
infection and you can take antibiotics
for these if they're prescribed by your
doctor and make sure you finish what you
start you'll only encourage the growth
of resistant microbes if you don't
that's why we shouldn't abuse
antibiotics when we use them when
they're not necessary or we don't finish
our prescriptions we give bacteria more
opportunities to evolve and outsmart the
drugs we have patients aren't the only
ones abusing antibiotics farmers do it
too
80 percent of antibiotics are used on
livestock and that's usually to combat
poor farming conditions another
complication there aren't many new
antibiotics coming to market there were
dozens of unique antibiotic solutions
that were discovered in the 20th century
lately though there's been a discovery
void that's mostly due to a lack of
economic incentive antibiotics are
really expensive to develop and research
and people only use them for short
periods of time
antibiotics are arguably the greatest
achievement of modern medicine share
this video and keep it that way
