when people envision in the future in
art most often it's seen through a white
lens only 8% of the 100 top grossing
sci-fi and fantasy films featured a
protagonist of color at the time the
protagonist was Will Smith but we're not
all white or Will Smith the future looks
different if you look at it through the
lens of black experiences that's why we
have this thing called afrofuturism the
term was coined by culture critic Mark
Derry in 1994 to point out the lack of
black writers and black stories and
science fiction but this kind of art
existed long before the term
afrofuturism
just look at music jazz musicians son
Rob is probably one of the most
recognizable afro-futurist he lays out
an app for futuristic design of his 1973
album spaces the place which are
listening to now and also the King's Own
the key is that his future was
Afrocentric making his future self -
ancient forbears
these ideas were more politically direct
and a lot more funky in George Clinton's
Parliament during 1935 and mothership
connections he connects the struggle of
civil rights and we shall overcome to a
positive future he not only references
an old song from the Underground
Railroad to escape slavery
but he's licked the desperate history
into a positive futuristic ride on his
spaceship as evidence the struggle is
over and we've won so of course
everybody wants to get on and people did
get on or at least some nine beats
hip-hop heavyweights did but after
futurism also critiques the way the
future looks today like andre 3000 did
on his ATLiens wants his unborn kid to
get the future they want not the one
Society created for them because of race
and that's why he takes pride in the
difference and empowers black people to
fight to get what's ours that's the
thing about afrofuturism it's written in
black people having a better future for
ourselves on our term like janelle monae
does in queens
this is a common sight of afrofuturism
to overcome the current way society
remains unequal there needs to be
futures where those problems are solved
afrofuturism shows us what that looks
like
it looks like hope
