what if the Oregon Trail were made for
grownups this is the r-rated Oregon
Trail the Oregon Trail was a wonderful
game and it went to great lengths to be
accurate on the trail from the 1840s to
1869 people really did shoot Buffalo
Ford rivers and trade beads but there
were some things they just couldn't
teach kids people had really dumb
accidents when you chose to be a banker
or farmer in the game you probably
focused on the money but a banker and a
farmer have something in common these
people knew nothing about traveling the
trail and that meant they shot
themselves a lot people shot themselves
and then just had to wait by the side of
the road hoping the doctor might come
along guns fell off the back of wagons
and fire and little kids the age of
Oregon Trail players were constantly
getting crushed under wagon wheels
soldiers were newbies too they chased
after Buffalo and were so dumb that one
guy literally rode his horse into a
river which meant they needed a lot of
medical care the problem is that
medicine was terrible doctors prescribed
stuff like corn bread bacon and whiskey
and whiskey was the most common of them
all people combined whiskey and opium
pills for almost every ailment a little
girl got a snakebite or whiskey on it
that was if you were lucky
clueless doctors left people with
gangrene and maggot filled legs and for
the venereal diseases at Fort Laramie
you got boiling water on the penis which
brings us to the parties were wild
independence mo is where the Oregon
Trail began but the people were so drunk
that they were falling off the port
city's steamboats ferry rides were
canceled because of hangovers drunks
bought whiskey by giving away their
buckskin pantaloons next to beloved Fort
Kearney was Dobby town a city with six
saloons and a fine establishment known
as the dirty woman range what one minor
road shows the mentality gambling and
gambling rules the camp dance tonight
men danced in women's clothing to
represent the sexes people loved whiskey
so much they drank it using Buffalo
stomachs as a cup yes the trail was
disgusting and you didn't just hunt
Buffalo women had the job of collecting
Buffalo
tips don't know what Buffalo chips are
people saying songs about women
gathering them they were Buffalo waists
try cooking your mince pies bread and
meat over Buffalo done and you can leave
out the infamous cannibalism of the
Donner Party and still find interesting
cuisine dog eating happened including
the occasional puppy it was reported as
more common among Indians than
Easterners but everyone got hungry in
1844 they served dog with the head still
sticking out of the kettle teeth intact
kids played around - one game included
butting their heads against a
slaughtered ox his stomach and bouncing
off it they stopped when a kid got his
head stuck inside all that meant there
were bones and corpses everywhere
sometimes you'd find a dead baby buried
in the hollow of a tree we all left
graves in our coentr√£o but a permanent
stone grave was actually an optimistic
scenario you were lucky if you got a
post there were so many bones people
wrote messages on them and you could
probably use them like mile markers if
you were buried your bones were almost
guaranteed to be dug up by wolves and
for some people that was the end of the
trail but don't be sad the Oregon Trail
didn't have to end with death from
disease or dying on a river most people
think it ended in 1869 completion of the
Transcontinental Railroad while that was
being build a town followed behind it to
cater to the workers it had gambling and
booze and prostitutes that crossed the
country and it was one of many Hell
towns that brought parties to the
travelers who weren't so wholesome the
name of the town is even the source of a
famous expression and it should be the
title of the next organ trail game they
called it hell on wheels
not everything that happened on the
Oregon Trail was incredibly depressing I
found a couple of examples that were
actually sort of sweet one comes from
Edwin Bryant he went out to California
in the 1840s and he witnessed a wedding
in the woods the couple got married they
didn't have fancy cape they didn't have
candles but they did have love and a
crowd and that was all that mattered and
he writes that after the wedding the
happy pair was left to the enjoyment of
their connubial Felicity
so even on the Oregon Trail you had the
occasional connubial Felicity which we
can all use however I also found some
examples of guys who snuck into their
girlfriends tent and then got shot so
then you win some you lose some
