depending on how you look at it this
very well could be the chart that
represents internet culture the most it
shows the birth peak and ultimately the
replacement of a meme these charts are
from Google Trends I got them by typing
in C funk and vaporwave it started on
June 1st 2011 with a Twitter exchange
between two multimedia producers here in
this moment C Punk was immortalized on
the internet via a hashtag but the group
of people who retweeted and liked that
tweet were just getting started for you
mind introducing yourself my moniker is
ultra demon I was considered to be one
of the godparents of the park
they began sharing art in music chopping
up INRI mixing 90s inspired visuals and
sounds utilizing elements of cyberpunk
to develop an oceanic aesthetic that
they could get behind I didn't really
have much of a community I guess like
that and for me it kind of came from
feeling like an outsider buzz around see
Punk's spread quickly in small
publications began tracking its every
move but it was still super underground
and largely based on private Facebook
groups if you ask anybody on the street
in 2012 what Z punk was they'd have no
idea
then in March 2012 the New York Times
attempted to capture C punk in an
article the headline The Little Mermaid
goes Punk see punk a web joke with music
has its moment being a part of something
that's a mean it makes you question your
own work like so is this a joke like is
what I'm doing any good is can it be
taken seriously it's debatable whether C
Punk was a joke or a real attempt at
developing an oceanic themed subculture
but the article cites Katy Perry Lady
Gaga and Azealia Banks as artists
co-opting the style of the cool
which is a believer but it doesn't stop
there
eight months later at only a year old
seapunk had an infamous week without any
warning it hit TV sets across the
country ladies and gentlemen Rihanna
most writers tasked with covering
Rihanna's green-screen performance had
no idea what to think characterizing it
as odd and trippy and then quickly
moving on to saying that she redeemed
herself with the emotional ballad stay
but the small band of web artists who
spent the majority of 2011 and 2012
cultivating that look knew exactly what
was happening and it split them up on a
very philosophical level many people
claimed seapunk died the moment Rihanna
took the stage but others weren't as
angry I approached it with a positive I
think it's almost better to be a part of
something that's inspiring people on
that level from way
in fact this sort of thing has happened
on SNL before David Bowie back in 1979
David Bowie performed on SNL with Klaus
Nomi an opera singer who was a fixture
of the East Village art scene of the mid
70s like Rihanna though he was taking
the opportunity to confront a large
television audience with something from
the underground the difference here was
that Nomi was onstage performing with
Bowie it's true that Rihanna
Azealia Banks and Lady Gaga might be
more associated with seapunk than the
artists that originated it but in the
age of the Internet
underground Styles aesthetics and
movements are always transforming and
adapting there are two steps ahead today
see Punk is still alive and kicking
but it's mutated for the most part into
an even more popular musical sub-genre
called vaporwave it features elements of
public access TV graphics and sounds
elevator music and future funk and
Rihanna very well might be on to this
sub-genre too you see last year taemin
Paulo the musical project of Kevin
Parker released the album currents the
album art music videos and sound all
have elements of vaporwave Rihanna's
latest album anti features a cover of a
song from currents called same ol
mistakes
it was produced by Kevin Parker himself
if you listen to that track in James
joint a minute and fifty second
interlude on anti you can't deny it
that hovater music and future funk sound
signature to vaporwave is there
you
