pennies are basically worthless why do
they still exist
back when bacon cost 14 cents a pound
you actually use them to buy stuff a
hundred years ago and he was worth
almost what a quarter is today these are
impractical vending machines don't
accept them some stores give them away
for free it can be dangerous dogs can
even be poison didn't die from
swallowing a penny and pennies cost more
to make than they're worth in 2014 the
US Mint
lost more than 52 million dollars
Manufacturing pennies cost one point
seven cents to make a single penny
that's why countries like Canada
Australia and New Zealand if all stop
using pennies in recent years why does
America still have it's one of those
things where I think people get attached
emotionally to the way things have been
well it's about money to a lobbying
group called Americans for common sense
has been influencing lawmakers to keep
the penny alive they're backed by
jardins Inc products they sell coin
blanks to the US Mint which are then
stamped into pennies between 2006 and
Jordans spent over a million dollars on
penny lobbying so that 52 million a year
in lost taxpayer money flows straight
into their pockets
