this is Hong Kong
it's a city in southern China that has
seven and a half million people when you
look at a map Hong Kong looks like it
belongs to China and it does kind of it
has its own government its own economic
system its own currency its own Olympics
team oh and not to be ignored the big
border up north that feels an awful lot
like an international border between two
countries over the next couple of weeks
I'm gonna be releasing videos on the
stuff that I found here everything from
why hundreds of thousands of Hongkongers
are living in houses the size of coffins
- how neon lights are made
and perhaps most urgently how this
border with China is set to expire in
just 29 years Hong Kong will be gobbled
up so over the next few weeks I'm going
to be releasing these videos I hope you
enjoy them get ready to know Hong Kong
on a whole new level
