this guy just held his breath for 23
minutes
his name is Goran Sherlock it was 2014
and he was breaking the Guinness World
Record for static apnea 23 minutes
that's the whole episode of a sitcom
without commas right what so how'd he do
it static apnea is when a person holds
their breath underwater for as long as
possible without swimming any distance
basically I try to visualize white wall
with the black dot on it so I don't
actively pursue any thoughts I just kind
of stare at the blank off most people
can only hold their breath for a minute
or so before feeling the urge to breathe
it's the excess carbon dioxide more than
the lack of oxygen that makes this
uncomfortable and if you push through
that discomfort eventually the diaphragm
and intercostal muscles will start to
spasm in a series of painful
contractions
I just concentrate on my deterrence and
that's it I don't I try not to take like
David Blaine experienced these
contractions in a stunt that aired on
ABC it can feel like being punched in
the stomach
Sherlock inhaled pure oxygen for about
15 minutes to get his blood
supersaturated and ready for a long
breath hold for Guinness that's okay
because it was an event for charity but
underwater sports organizations like the
world underwater Federation actually
consider this to be doping in training
Joe Locke practices breath folds with
short recovery times to get used to all
that built-up carbon dioxide not to
mention the cardio that he does to keep
his resting heart rate low because the
faster his heart is beating the faster
his oxygen supply is used up for the
same reason
Sherlock practices staying calm
underwater while the rest of us would
probably start to panic competitive
breath holders take advantage of
something called the mammalian diving
reflex it's an automatic reaction that
helps mammals survive underwater for
humans it's best triggered by cold water
to the face
for static apnea some of the most useful
aspects of this reflex are when the
heart rate slows to conserve oxygen the
capillaries also close off in the
extremities so blood can be directed to
the most important organs the heart and
the brain at some point the spleen
shrinks squeezing out precious extra
blood cells but don't try this at home
if you don't know your body's limits and
go without oxygen for too long this can
cause a blackout what yeah
