this is a president and the elephant to
kill Teddy Roosevelt killed 512 animals
in a single hunting trip a lion like
this one and eight others five common
eelain's and Oh a crocodile he and his
son Kermit killed all of them in 497
more on one trip in 1909 these days a
lot of people aren't fans of big hunting
trips
so if you made historical figures
explain themselves how would Teddy
Roosevelt defend his massive kill list
he might say he explained it all in his
1910 book on the subject when he went on
the Safari just after his presidency he
was a conservationist Ian Kermit only
kept 12 animals for themselves and the
rest were eaten or used in a museum trip
wasn't for fun it was sponsored by the
Smithsonian and they collected more than
11,000 specimens for science that's
simply how conservation work and safaris
like his were the best way to share
animals with the world after all
scientists thought the mountain gorilla
was a myth until the early 1900s so
people had a lot to learn he even wrote
that game butchery is as objectionable
as any other form of wanton cruelty or
barbarity still TRS kill list was
massive and it's hard for modern
conservationists to understand killing
15 zebras he also said that creeping
after game made our veins thrill that
leaves it up to you did TR explain
himself or was his kill list an
indictment
