we all love sleep but most people don't
get enough of it each year the average
American loses 11 days worth of
productivity from lack of sleep
this sleepiness can lead to memory loss
difficulty concentrating and lack of
motivation the average adult needs
between 7 and 8 hours of sleep a night
but the quality of sleep matters too
here are a few tips for getting the best
rest possible first cooldown your room
the best sleep on average it happens
when the surrounding environment is
around 65 degrees Fahrenheit and you
might fall asleep faster if you warm
your body up just before bed coming out
of say a warm shower into a cooler room
causes a slight decrease in your body's
temperature that can help make you
drowsy by slowing down your metabolism
even if you're tucked under a warm
blanket researchers find that a cool
head is conducive to better sleep next
use light to your advantage your body
has a natural sleep cycle regulated by
exposure to light so in the morning get
a nice dose of light to tell your brain
that it's time to wake up an hour before
bed dim lights and turn off screens this
cues the brain to prepare for sleep
finally if you want to get really
serious about good sleep you can
incorporate herbs into your nighttime
routine you can either breathe in
lavender oil before bed or put a
lavender pillow on your eyes while you
sleep now this sounds really new agey
but the controlled trials done with
lavender as a sleep aid actually really
back up its benefits
the effect is likely stronger if you
pair lavender with some other relaxing
evening routine like journaling or
meditation so give these tips a try and
see if better sleep can help improve
your life during the day
you
