the images of the water are shocking
enough would you drink that people have
dumped in this river forever it's like
we're in a cesspool my tub you should
see is brown and then come the headlines
an American city failed to provide basic
protections to its citizens and now the
children of Flint have much higher than
normal levels of lead in their blood
Rick Snyder governor of Michigan has
apologized I am sorry and I will fix it
President Obama declared a national
emergency you can't shortchange basic
services that we provide to our people
and now 2016 presidential candidates are
starting to weigh in the governor of
that state acted as though he didn't
really care lead poisoning is terrible
and terrifying no amount of exposure is
safe and there's evidence that years
after we got it out of paint gas and
more it contributed to a drastic drop in
crime in the 90s the city has switched
back to cleaner water but the effects
will last decades we take clean water
for granted how could this possibly
happen in 2016 well you've gotta rewind
to 2011 Flint was broke it had lost
about half its population after the car
factories closed it had 1.1 billion in
unfunded pension costs it had to cut
half its police force Michigan had a
solution called emergency managers
always been appointed by the governor to
turn around Flint's finances Michael
welcome these managers can make
cost-cutting measures without the normal
political procedure I think what we have
to do is look at the expense side first
there could be services that we can no
longer provide in the city and they
decided the city could save money on
water Flint would stop buying water from
Detroit and join a new regional water
system and as a temporary measure Flint
would use water from the Flint River the
switch happened in 2014
here's the plan
and who decided to do this exactly is
under intense debate but regardless of
blame the story gets worse residents saw
and tasted the dirty water and started
complaining waters Brown has a bad odor
I'm afraid to even feed it to my cat or
my dogs we should not have to pay for
the water is nasty but the city claimed
federal tests showed the water was safe
an employee at the Environmental
Protection Agency leaked a Michigan
report to a local activist
which showed the water had higher than
normal lead levels the city's response
flint told the woman the lead came from
her plumbing
it took an outside investigation by
Virginia Tech researchers that found
elevated lead levels in the water for
the state to admit there was a problem
in September 2015 so the corrosion is
eating up the pipes it's eating up the
iron pipes causing main breaks it's
causing discolored water and about 20%
of the homes is just too much later in
October 2015 the government bought water
filters for its citizens and switched
back to water from Detroit before all
this 2.1 percent of the city's children
had high blood blood levels after it was
4% for kids under five and the most
effective zip codes it was six point
three percent why did the Flint poison
its citizenry under emergency managers
from the state it wanted to save money
to start to reverse the effects will
cost dearly just switching back to
Detroit's water cost twelve million
dollars a class-action lawsuit against
the city is pending
you
