if you're feeling sleepy and you need a
jolt of energy there's something you
should try it's more effective than
drinking coffee or taking a nap it's
drinking coffee and then taking a nap
it's called a coffee now it might sound
kind of crazy because most people
realize that caffeine interferes with
sleep but it takes a little while for
the caffeine to effective the caffeine
has to go into your small intestine
passing your bloodstream and enter your
brain and that takes about 20 minutes if
you spend those 20 minutes unconscious
you're gonna wake up feeling pretty
great and to understand why it helps to
know what's making you feel groggy in
the first place so there's a molecule
inside your brain called adenosine and
it plugs into little receptors inside
your brain cells and makes you feel
tired adenosine is a byproduct of brain
activity so it builds up through the day
and starts to slow down your neurons
caffeine chemically looks a whole lot
like adenosine and when you ingest
caffeine it enters your brain it blocks
adenosine from fitting into those
receptors a lot of people have said that
this is like taking a car and putting a
block of wood underneath the brake
pedals caffeine keeps your brain from
slowing itself down there are anything
about coffee naps is that sleep
naturally clears out adenosine from the
brain so the caffeine doesn't even need
to compete with the adenosine to fit
into those receptors so what's the
evidence that this really works there's
not a huge body of work but there are a
few different studies when people took a
15-minute coffee nap they went on to
commit fewer errors in a driving
simulator then when they only drink
coffee or only took a nap as the test
subjects were doing this really boring
driving simulation they were asked every
three minutes to report their sleepiness
level and the coffee nap group was
consistently more alert meanwhile a
Japanese study found that people who
took a caffeine nap performed a lot
better on a series of memory tests the
challenge of the coffee nap is to time
it just right you want to drink it
quickly so it maybe you can do espresso
shots or ice coffee if that makes it
easier and then set an alarm before you
fall asleep to wake up within 20 minutes
because if you nap too long you're much
more likely to enter deeper stages of
sleep and you'll have what scientists
call sleep inertia which is basically
grogginess
if you have trouble falling asleep that
quickly the studies found that you can
still benefit from the coffee nap even
just drinking the caffeine and getting
a few minutes of restful half-asleep
half-awake this is again make you feel
more alert when you do get up 20 minutes
later
