immigration crisis in Europe three
children drown Syrian refugees it's
become a symbol of the disparate surge
of refugees bung the dead
several children including a baby girl
one issue that needs to be addressed is
the overly broad prohibition in our
immigration law that excludes any
refugee who has provided any kind of
support to an army rebel group even a
group that we in the United States
support this would be ace a federally
sanctioned the Welcome Party if you will
to potential terrorists in the United
States could we take more I mean Germany
is taking 800,000 I'm not talking about
taking on a permanent basis it warrants
mentioning the United States has
provided more than four billion dollars
in humanitarian assistance at this point
I don't have any announcements along
you
