so Wi-Fi waves are basically just radio
waves so that's the same as the
electromagnetic waves you pick up with
your cell phone or radio but Wi-Fi waves
are fairly short they're only 12
centimeters long the conventional head
compare that to AM radio waves which are
hundreds of meters long this signal gets
a lot weaker as it gets further from the
router and generally it can't really go
more than 150 feet from a single router
they actually get absorbed and blocked
by walls and metal surfaces and so the
way the way you position your Wi-Fi
router makes a huge difference in how
strong the signal is throughout your
house one thing you definitely want to
do is put your router near the center of
your house because it broadcasts the
signal out in equal strength in all
directions you want it open like if it's
in a closet the walls the closet are
gonna absorb and block some of the
signal a good way to think about it is
just use line-of-sight from whatever
position you can see the farthest in
your house and you can see the most
number of different rooms that's
probably a good place to put your router
you also really want to lift your router
up off the ground because the signals
can't penetrate some of the materials
that make up floors like metal or
concrete or cement and also the way most
routers are designed they broadcast the
wave slightly downwards so that way
you're projecting less of it down into
your basement for no reason a lot of
other electronics can interfere with the
router signal things like TVs computers
microwaves pretty much anything that has
a motor inside it so you want to keep
the router away from other electronics
most routers have two antennas on them
and ideally you can position one of them
vertically and one horizontally devices
work best when their internal antenna is
parallel with the routers and so most
antennas inside laptops are horizontal
but if you're using a mobile device or a
tablet totally depends on how you're
holding it so that way if you have one
horizontal and one vertical you have the
highest chance of having a parallel
match with antennas if you find that
your network isn't working well you can
just go around and measure your signal
strength so there's a lot of different
apps that you can download on your phone
you could create a rock map and figure
out what you need to do to fix it
