something that is in what you said about
being a Democratic Socialist is a more
international view but I think if you
take global poverty that's seriously it
leads you to conclusions that in the US
are considered out of political bounds
things like sharply raising the level of
immigration we permit even up to the up
to a level of open borders about sharply
mostly more the tornado boxes that's a
coke brothers proposal the idea of
course I mean that's a right-wing
proposal which says essentially there is
no United States but if anybody it would
make it a global poor richer wouldn't it
and make everybody in America poor than
you're doing away with with the concept
of a nation-state
and I don't think there's any country on
the world which believes in that if you
believe in a nation state or in a
country called the United States or UK
or Denmark or any other country you have
an obligation in my view to do
everything we can to help poor people
what right-wing people in this country
would love is an open border policy
bring in all kinds of people who work
for two or three dollars I know that
would be great for them I don't believe
in that I think we have to raise wages
in this country I think we have to do
everything that we can to create the
millions of jobs you know what youth
unemployment in the United States of
America today if you're white the white
kid high school graduates 33 percent a
Hispanic 36% African American 51% you
think we should open the borders and
bring in a lot of low-wage workers what
do you think maybe we should try to get
jobs for those kids so I think from a
moral responsibility we've got to do
work with the rest of the industrialized
world to to address the problems of
international poverty but you don't do
that by making people in this country
even poor so then what are the
responsibilities we have if if that kind
of zero-sum calculation right between
someone who is poor by us standards but
is quite well-off by say Malaysian
standards redound so easily to the
benefit of the person in the US and how
do we think about that responsibility I
guess I'm asking here for I agree you
have a nation-state structure you always
are going to the politics don't allow
anything else but I guess
philosophically the question is
how do you weight it how do you think
about what the foreign aid budget would
be how do you think about your whatever
I'll tell you why I would well first of
all again as a United States Senator
from Vermont my first obligation frankly
is to make certain the kids in my state
and kids all over this country have the
ability to go to college which is why I
am supporting tuition free public
colleges and universities I believe we
should create millions of jobs
rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure
and ask the wealthiest people in this
country to start paying their fair share
of taxes I believe we should raise the
minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an
hour so people in this country are not
living in poverty and I think we ended
this grace of some 20% of our kids
living in poverty in America now how do
you do that what you do that is
understand this better huge a
redistribution of wealth in the last 30
years from the middle class to the top
one-tenth of one percent now the other
thing that you understand globally is
you have horrendous imbalance in terms
of wealth in the world as I mentioned
earlier the top one percent will own
more than the bottom ninety nine percent
in a year or so that's absurd and that
takes you to programs like the IMF and
so forth and so on but I think what we
need to be doing as a global economy is
making sure that people in poor
countries have decent paying jobs have
education have health care have
nutrition for their people that is a
moral responsibility but you don't do
that as some would suggest by lowering
the standard of American workers which
has already gone down very significantly
you
