candidates are increasingly dependent on
the very very wealthy and I'm proud by
the way the vast majority of how money
comes from working people but if I'm a
normal politician needs to raise twenty
fifty million dollars where no no I'm
going to sit down with the wealthy I'm
gonna go to the country club I'm going
to do my fundraisers at fancy resorts
and I get to know those people but
that's the whole point of this corrupt
campaign finance system if you're going
to contribute a million dollars to my
super PAC
well maybe it's you're a hell of a nice
guy and you like to participate well
maybe you want something I think you
want something and you are a guy then
become really good buddies so I can do
your bidding in other words the
millionaire class and the billionaire
class increasingly owned the political
process and they owned the politicians
who go to them for right and I worry
very much I and I say this from the
bottom of my heart that we are moving
very very quickly from a democratic
society one-person one-vote to an
oligarchic form of society where
billionaires will be determining who the
elected officials of this country own
I'm going to do everything I can
there's something when you see you want
to see election to be publicly funded do
you want to cut the ability to privately
fund them the first thing that I want to
do is overturn the citizens united
Supreme Court decision which is a total
disaster free speech does not equal the
ability of people to buy elections and
what I have said is if elected president
of the United States any Supreme Court
nominee I make will make it very clear
that he or she is going to vote to
overturn Citizens United
second of all I think what you want to
do is at least make sure that candidates
who are running will have as much money
as their opponents who may have
unlimited sums of money thirdly I think
there are various ways that you can
approach the issue one way which I find
intriguing is that you either give a tax
credit or basically provide $100 for
every citizen in the United State
American you say to that person is your
hundred bucks you can make a
contribution $100 tax credit if you
spend $100 on any candidate you want I
think that would democratize very
significantly the political process of
America and take us a long way away from
these super PACs controlled by
billionaires so in our buying
collections
