early in the history of warfare man
learned that the best formula for
victory was compounded of striking power
mobility and self-protection the u.s. is
easily the most powerful country to have
ever existed and it certainly spends
more on its military budget than any
other country does today that's all
pretty well known but less well known is
the fact that the US has around 800
military bases around the globe this map
can even show that many dots these are
just two hundred or so dots to give you
an idea of where these bases are
clustered these bases are everything
from massive military compounds to small
air strips in the middle of the ocean if
you combined all the foreign bases that
every other nation has outside of its
own borders you get a total of about 30
there's never been a country with such a
massive global presence and the big
question is how did these bases get
there in the first place and how much is
it costing US taxpayers to keep them
open
most of these bases cropped up after
World War two when the u.s. set up in
places like Germany and Japan to help
maintain peace after an era of intense
World War but we cannot expect these
people to discard Nazi ideas with the
casual air with which they abandoned
their uniform slowly steadily they must
be taught the fundamentals of democracy
our attack is to supervise this training
and democracy even though these
countries are now stable robust
democracies and allies the u.s. still
has 50,000 troops in Japan and 54,000 in
Germany
the Korean War brought an influx of
American infrastructure into the Korean
Peninsula where we now have twenty eight
thousand five hundred troops stationed
the Cold War made the u.s. expansion to
every corner of the globe imperative to
US strategic goals here in Russia you
see the reason why we are spending
billions of dollars in defense
production while your family is paying
the highest taxes in our history but
even now that the Cold War is over
there's not a place on earth that's not
still covered by US military influence
this includes everything from naval
compounds like those at Guantanamo Bay
to small drone bases like those in the
Horn of Africa to little-known posts in
the middle of the Indian Ocean like that
of Diego Garcia and it's not cheap
keeping US foreign bases open costs
taxpayers between 70 and 100 billion
dollars per year that's more than any
other government agency receives in
taxpayer money besides of course the
Department of Defense itself taxpayers
pay between ten and forty thousand
dollars more per soldier stationed
abroad than they do for those stationed
here domestically but this cost seems to
be worth it to most lawmakers the idea
that US military leadership provides an
indispensable stability to the globe is
now a fixture of our global strategy and
our foreign policy full a breathtaking
change the one constant is American
leadership you can't have stability
without American leadership there's only
one nation in the world capable of
rallying the freedom-loving people of
this planet to confront evil American
leadership is not just respected it is
required so over the past seventy years
the US has set up bases all over the
world in response to threats and then
they just never left
these 800 bases around the world
represent a massive system of military
power that isn't often talked about and
it's us the American taxpayers that are
financially supporting this we have all
decided that it's worth it to pump a
hundred billion dollars out of our
economy to keep these bases open on the
far corners of our clothes
