these politics trucks that a paper boy I
grew up castrating hogs on an Iowa farm
an estimated two billion dollars or more
will be spent on political ads for the
2014 midterms and with the surge of
outside money unleashed by the Supreme
Court in 2010 we can only expect to see
more of these ads going forward so you
might wonder do these ads even work TV
spot ads for political campaigns date
back to 1952 it didn't take long for TV
ads to go negative a trend that's
worsening still an infamous 1964 ad from
Lyndon Johnson's campaign suggested his
opponent would start a nuclear war
Johnson soon won in a landslide but it
wasn't because of the ad he was even
further ahead before it aired these ads
can be so vivid and memorable that it's
easy to overstate their influence but
studies on whether or not they matter
are surprisingly murky think about how
small the target is ads work if they
persuade those few Americans who vote
but lack political allegiances and also
live in a state or a district where the
election might be a close call so it's a
hard topic to research the available
studies find limited effects of ads in a
few cases but by one estimate having a
massive ad advantage delivered only a
half of a percentage point advantage of
vote sharing in the 2008 presidential
election as had an even smaller effect
in 2004 in one real-world experiment
during the early months of Rick Perry's
2006 governor of reelection campaign
researchers randomly assigned this ad to
certain media markets in Texas I'm proud
of Texas how about you they conducted a
poll afterwards and found stronger
support for Perry in the areas that saw
the ad but only during the week it aired
by the following week the effects have
disappeared they only examine positive
ads though like negative ads work better
found in a strip club hosted the Chinese
vice president
Obamacare the most comprehensive review
so far concluded that negative ads are
more memorable but hurt the attacker as
often as they help it's not necessarily
so irrational though that candidates
spent so much money on ads even if
there's no guarantee that ads can swing
a race there's only a few ways that
campaign can get its message in front of
voters if the race is closed even half a
percentage point might make a difference
