one of the most interesting sentences
I've read about American politics
recently is Democrats and liberals are
more likely to focus on policymaking
because any change it occurs is much
more likely to be liberal than
conservative this chart is proof for
that what you're seeing here is an
effort to code major policy changes
according to whether they were liberal
which is to say the expanded government
or they were conservative which is to
say they shrank it and both in the sort
of 1945 to 1980 period which is maybe
the New Deal era and in the post Reagan
period which is a more conservative
period in American government liberal
policy changes are just much more
frequent than conservative policy
changes which is to say two things one
is that it's actually rational for
conservatives to be very very skeptical
of cutting deals of really governing
because governance just has a liberal
bias even if there's a Republican in the
White House and the other is that it is
just very hard once the federal
government begins doing something to get
it to stop in terms of looking for an
effective federal government federal
garb that is not continuing to do things
that don't work or that she no longer be
done this should be a worrying chart
even to people who believe in federal
action
