why should NC double-a players be paid I
don't think anybody should be paid I
think they should have the same rights
as anyone else the bargain to be
represented than anyone else has so they
have they should have the right to ask
for pay and ecologists should have the
right to bargain in good faith with them
right now what happens is that by
collusion all the universities say you
can't ask for pay and if you do it is
unethical and I'm saying that's wrong to
deprive them of rights that all the rest
of us take for granted so the response I
think you hear to this argument is
twofold
one is that these are amateurs and
there's something in the spirit of
amateur sports of college sports it
would be irreversibly infected if pay
was brought into it yes and the other is
that they cross subsidize a set of other
sports that are not that are more
amateur why don't you find those
objections Bible they're both true but
they're both evasive right to their
heart to say that amateur sports are
essentially amateur misses the whole
meaning of amateur which is a vocation
it's out of love it is self done you
can't proclaim that somebody else is
amateur and that you're taking the money
you've got seven million dollar coaches
you've got million-dollar assistant
coaches and you've got this vast Taj
Mahal Athletic Complex it's spreading
all skimmed off of the talent and labor
of athletes who are forcibly unpaid they
are declared amateur they have no vote
in that in that sense it's a false use
of the word amateur it's very convenient
and people like to think of it that it
has a rosy purity amateur but amateur
has another meaning to amateur meaning
you don't know what you're doing you're
an amateur and I think they're using
that ambiguity to try to take advantage
of the athletes so you're you're a
historian need to come at this is a
historian talk me through a little bit
how we got to the expectation that you
would have the sports be unpaid how we
got to the idea there's this very sharp
distinction
amateur called sports and professional
paid sports sports started off as an
avocation
initiated by the students for the first
50 years of collegiate sports students
schedule their own games they hired
their own coaches a Harvard Stadium was
built in 1903 without a nickel from
Harvard it was all built by alumni
students control it but then the
universities moved in took control over
it and then starting in the 50s when
television came along they started
making a lot of money off of it and it
and it happened so slowly and so
gradually that most people don't realize
that there is now a fundamental
difference between the University where
the university's giving benefit to the
students and the students are their
learning and soaking it up and big-time
college sports where the athletes who
are students are delivering enormous
amount millions hundreds of millions of
dollars to the schools a lot of this has
happened by habit and it's happened
slowly but in fact this is a wholly
separate thing it has very little to do
with the academic mission of the place
it's a it's a money-making engine that's
taking advantage of the students and
this isn't at this point just an
argument there is a court case it I
believe you're a witness in yes walk me
through a little bit about of the key
issue there the lawsuit is basically an
antitrust case can the universities band
together and and take the images in
sports from these athletes and use them
in perpetuity even after they leave
school and still sell video games of
star players like Bill Russell who's one
of the plaintiffs you know he hadn't
played he played 60 years ago but his
image is still used and the the NCAA
argument is that they were amateurs then
and they they became amateurs in
perpetuity so that they that players
have no image rights they have no rights
in the use of their of their image
forever and that case is about to come
to trial now strictly speaking about X
players but it also applies to or at
least could this is one of the issues at
trial as to whether it applies to the
rights of current players to
a piece of to be able to bargain if
people are selling their Jersey if
people are selling their image quite
apart from pay or anything can they take
those video rights property rights
talent rights name recognition rights on
forever in other words a college athlete
if they get a Christmas card from
somebody involved in professional sports
or anything having to do with their own
interests or or advancing their
interests their branded unethical and so
they have no individual bargaining
rights they have no due process rights
they have no they don't even have Fifth
Amendment rights in any dispute within
the NCAA they have no right of
representation or anything they all of
the power in the current system all the
votes are is packed into the athletic
directors and the coaches well this to
me because you read about it a lot is
one of the most insane dimensions of the
system you don't simply have something
set up where the colleges do not pay the
athletes you haven't set up where the
colleges will not permit the athletes to
profit off of their status as star
athletes in any way right they can't get
dinner they can't get transportation I
mean for very very technological I can't
have a ride across campus I would like
to better understand when you speak to
college directors because you did a
tremendous amount of reporting on this
how that dimension of it is justified
the defenders of the system see the
whole thing is going to collapse and
that if you allow them to have any
bargaining rights whatsoever that that
the current system that that basically
makes them captive will fall apart
people tend to deal with these issues by
by instinct oh they should shut up and
play or gosh they're not going to go pro
anyway or why should they'll get their
money later it never occurs to them that
the people who are actually generating
all this have no voice at all and it
doesn't seem to bother people I had a
college president he wouldn't let me
quote him on the record tell me that his
salary was probably twice what it would
otherwise be because his board of
trustees other was embarrassed by the
gap between his his salary and the
football coach's salary
there are these huge gaps and in
universities about where priorities are
and it reflects the power of the Alumni
it reflects in my view the abdication of
many faculties college faculties that
they from their their essential role in
the governance of the of the university
and in managing this conflict between
academics and sports how good of a job
do these schools do educating their
student athletes and I mean primarily by
these schools the it's the big sport
powerhouses well not very well I mean
athletes are general in the big sports
the money sports are steered into
certain majors they're not allowed to
take difficult majors they're steered
into certain courses where the athletic
departments have cooperative
relationships with the teachers and if a
teacher is too tough on an athlete then
that teachers course will be scratched
off oh and you think you'd think that
the athletes would have the choice over
that but if the athletes want to play
and the athletes want to keep their
scholarships they have no they have no
independent recourse here so one of the
analogies you've used it in this
discussion is to the plantation mmm-hmm
explain that a bit walk me through that
idea
well the plantation is an area in which
supervisors supervise harvest the labor
and value from people who have lesser
rights than they do who are lower in the
food chain than they are if colonialism
may be even a better example in old
European colonialism around the world
that prevailed from the mid 18th to 20th
century is that not only would you own
and harvest the work of the of the
Colonials but you would say that you
were doing it for their own good to
bring them around to civilization and in
that sense I think college sports are
like that because the money the money is
controlled by the people who are
supervising but not actually performing
nobody disputes that the producers of
the value are the players because that's
where the camera is pointed
the camera is pointed on these athletes
who are not amateurs nobody wants to see
an amateurish performance in the sense
of not very good right oh the the camera
is pointed there and if you think the
coach is really deserving of all the
money you know see how long you can
point the camera at the coach oh during
during a final four basketball game
