the United States's national debt is
twelve point five trillion dollars so
lots of people are freaked out but how
big is that really national income the
total value of everything the u.s. makes
each year is also huge and all that
misses the most important point the US
government can never run out of dollars
unlike you or the company you work for
or the town you live in the federal
government prints the dollars or
actually the Federal Reserve mostly
makes it with computers the only thing
to worry about is inflation if you have
too much money chasing a fixed amount of
stuff that means higher prices and if
inflation gets out of control the Fed
will slow down the economy by raising
interest rates higher rates for the
government mean even higher rates for
businesses that means less investment
the private economy and slower growth
that's why you worry about deficits
because they lead to inflation and
higher interest rates
but these days inflation is the lowest
it's been in 30 years and interest rates
are also near record levels so we could
reduce debt with higher taxes or by
cutting benefits but that would take
money out of people's pockets means
fewer jobs it means lower incomes so
trying to reduce that might actually
make the debt situation worse so let's
think of something else to worry about
debt just isn't a problem right now
you
