do you see the difference between these
two games it's not just the quality of
the graphics look at the ways you can
look around side to side side to side
and up and down the advent of 3d games
that utilize all the dimensions didn't
just require better graphics cards it
required a way to control movement and
vision quickly and easily when you look
at the manual for quake one of the first
games to really utilize what's called
free look you see that the developers
didn't really know how to do it either
some people still use the keyboard to
look up and down and to move forward and
backward arrow keys but on computers
today a game is popular as for tonight
the game so mainstream that journalists
trying to seem hip ad fortnight to their
videos even fortnight defaults movement
controls to the same four keys not the
arrow keys but WASD why the answer
involves gaming's first superstar and it
shows how a legend can actually change
the mechanics of play on Monday August
26 1996 The Wall Street Journal featured
an article about a presidential campaign
and the first professional gamer Dennis
Thresh
they ended up doing that little stencil
drawing of me I think was me and I think
of Bill Clinton that what got me into
gaming initially were called muds
multi-user dungeons think of it as like
World of Warcraft but texts based or
sound like if you wanted to walk in this
game you would have to literally write
like walk north he fell hawks out
the thrush didn't build his reputation
on text-based games
it was playing the 3d game quake
released in 1996 he never lost a
tournament but the game did present some
new control challenges for all players
when most people started playing games
back in those days you just used the
keyboard and then over time people
realized that the keyboard had a fixed
rate of turn so if you want to turn left
you know would kind of go like that you
wouldn't be able to flick I eventually
switched to a mouse a keyboard and mouse
combo were necessary by the late 90s so
it was crucial to find a way to use the
mouse to look and the keyboard to move
the player but the programmers didn't
figure out the best way to do it the
players still some people use the arrow
keys which are on the right hand side of
the keyboard and the mouse some people
would only use a keyboard
some people would use kind of a
horizontal row so like es DF there were
literally probably hundreds of different
combinations that people used I found
WASD on my left hand and then using the
mouse on the right hand to be the most
comfortable by default the weapons you
have to hit the numbers to switch
weapons the arrow keys were far from
weapon switching numbers and other
important keys like ctrl + shift to
strafe or step sideways you often needed
to hit a side directional key and shift
at the same time that was easier with
WASD than arrows but es D F or R D F G
might have accomplished the same thing
it was Thresh's influence that made WASD
a standard people started copying and
using WASD and the mouse as their
standard key configuration I think
enough people started using it it became
really popular where the games just
started making that the default key
combination and configuration for a lot
of games like quake programmer John
Carmack built Thresh's configuration
into a special command in the sequel
quake 2 anybody could use the same
controls as Thresh that included
sensitivity in speed but also W
s and D that layout spread from the
leading game and player in just a couple
of years it quickly showed up in two
manuals as defaults for an early
multiplayer shooters star siege tribes
and the once-in-a-generation hit
half-life which assume players would use
a keyboard mouse and WASD I can't say
that I like invented it
it was just what was comfortable for me
and as the top player in my generation
people just wanted to use what I use
it's kind of cool that it's a standard
today
if you want to see more of thrush check
out the eSports episode of explained on
Netflix there's a lot of League of
Legends in the episode if you play you
might recognize the champion Thresh that
champion was actually named for the
Thresh that you just saw
