allegation of sexual misconduct against
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
what claims that a drunken Kavanagh
groped her and tried to pull off her
clothing at a house party in the 1980s
explosive allegations against Donald
Trump in one night at least four women
come forward claiming they were sexually
assaulted by Trump all of a sudden his
hands were all over me know several
women have come forward accusing Alabama
Senate candidate Wow more of sexual
misconduct mr. Moore reached over and
began groping me him putting his hands
on my breasts Jane Doe number five went
public with her extraordinary allegation
that she was sexually assaulted by Bill
Clinton 21 years ago and then all of a
sudden he turned me around and started
kissing me new questions tonight about
the character and judgment of Clarence
Thomas one night before the Senate votes
on his nomination to the Supreme Court
he spoke about acts that you've seen in
pornographic films on several occasions
Thomas told me graphically of his own
sexual prowess
insisting in a statement this is a
completely false allegation these
attacks involve a minor and they are
completely false and untrue
these flames are all fabricated they're
pure fiction and they're outright lies I
deny each and every single allegation
against me today President Clinton's
attorney David Kendall released a
statement saying any allegation that the
president assaulted mrs. Broderick more
than 20 years ago is absolutely false he
has just been such a stand-up guy full
of integrity this is not anything that
he would ever do he helped me with my
homework and he has always been an
officer and a gentleman nobody has more
respect for women than I do
nobody he's very warm and friendly sort
of like a friend or a father I had two
women Chiefs of Staff when I was
governor I've had nothing but women
leaders in my office since I left
Ford claims that she decided to come
forward at this moment out of quote
civic responsibility but the timing
suffice it to say is curious isn't it
strange that after 40 years of constant
investigation people have waited - four
weeks prior to the general election to
bring their complaints did they ever
check the background of this women I
think they want either Fame or her
campaign did it and I think it's her
campaign you think it is conceivable
that Professor Hill might really think
this happened when it didn't I think
that's the only conceivable answer
senator I think you can expect more and
more of these stories as long as they're
down there handing out money it's about
abortion does anyone really believe the
story would have surfaced if Brett
Kavanaugh had pledged allegiance to roe
v wade of course it wouldn't have the
desperate attempt to stop my political
campaign for the United States Senate if
you look at Bill Clinton far worse as a
black American as far as I'm concerned
it is a high-tech lynching for uppity
blacks who in any way deign to think for
themselves this vast right-wing
conspiracy that has been conspiring
against my husband since the day he
announced for president
Donald J Trump will become the 45th
President of the United States 15 years
after leaving office Bill Clinton's
popularity numbers are sky-high
the Alabama GOP announced it is standing
by Roy Morden so help you go so help me
God an accusation of 36 year old
misconduct dating back to high school
has been brought forward at the last
minute in an irregular manner what
happens at Georgetown Prep stays at
Georgetown Prep that's been a good thing
for all of us
