okay Daniel Bryan top rope
he's about to bodyslam Kane but weight
gain gets his hand on Bryan's throat
wait hold on Mack yep this is obviously
fake I mean look at this guy's face
that's not really the point man Daniel
Bryan might be exaggerating here but
there's no way those moves don't require
serious skill and anyways that's not
really even the point the world's
largest professional wrestling
organization World Wrestling
Entertainment or the WWE they have the
second most viewed channel on YouTube
and a lot of those fans they're not
watching for the piledrivers than the
bodyslams
if you look at the top WWE video on
YouTube it has 90 million views and the
wrestling it doesn't even start until
more than halfway through pro wrestling
isn't fun to watch for the fighting it's
fun because of the storytelling that
happens outside of the way let's take it
back for a second this is what wrestling
used to be a legit sport were two guys
fought in a ring to pin each other down
the problem was this wasn't that
exciting to watch so over time wrestling
turned into a sort of staged athletic
performance where competitors would help
each other pull off more impressive
moves and it wasn't just for men
still regardless of who was wrestling
crowds came to see people fight or do
whatever this is where's the drama that
started in the 1950s with the wrestler
who's name was gorgeous George he was a
wrestler known for his larger-than-life
performances that were built around his
carefully crafted character his thing
was being fancy with bleached blonde
hair fancy costumes he even had a butler
who would come into the ring and spray
perfume before he came in
sounds pretty offensive it was a hit and
gorgeous George
he drew huge crowds turning wrestling
from a sport into a performance
spectacle wait so can I come up with the
character sure what you need to
understand about wrestling characters is
that they fit into preset architects
there are heroes who are called faces
short for baby face and there are
villains were called heals I want to be
a bad boy that means you want to be a
heel and that means you Chi you've used
dirty tactics you're evil you're fully
yourself I just I want to sow the seeds
of chaos right yeah yeah so it just hit
Hodel may have a heal and then do you
wanna like cup everything in my sight
you done yeah so you've got to have a
gimmick like gorgeous George and his
fancy taste wrestlers usually have a
gimmick that helps establish their
backstories
you got anything what do I have to
choose from there's a ton as Pro
Wrestling evolved gimmicks got more and
more creative as storytelling became a
major aspect of Pro Wrestling the focus
had shifted so much that by the 1990s
the World Wrestling Federation they
invented a new phrase to promote what
they were doing even though we call
ourselves sports entertainment because
of the athleticism involved the key word
in that phrase is entertainment more
entertainment meant more characters and
there's so many to choose from some are
masked and mysterious proof jocks
supernatural characters self-absorbed
jerks anti-authority rebels evil
billionaire tyrants evil tyrant for sure
but also like a skateboarder if you want
to figure out a wrestlers gimmick all
you have to do is look at their
interests some have special effects
there are costumes set pieces and even
vehicles these entrances they can become
iconic like The Undertaker's a wrestler
known as the dead man because of his
dark connection to the afterlife
he enters to the sound of a bell ringing
before they play his theme which is
based on Chopin's funeral
like characters in a play the entrance
is a big opportunity for storytelling
the wrestler can say who they are so
mania will no longer define who I am
what they want no I'm here tonight for
two reasons and how they will get it
then the fighting starts wrestling is
like one big play and the ring is like
the stage except the performance it
never stops I mean they stay in
character all the time they even have a
word for it's called kayfabe which is
code for maintaining the illusion that
the character is real so it isn't just
about making the wrestling look
authentic it's about sticking to the
storyline at all times most wrestlers
they try to never break a fit you can't
always tell what's real and what's not
Triple H and Stephanie McMahon who
shared a storyline they had a fake
wedding in 2000 that ended with a
divorce when they met in the ring to
renew their vows off-camera they the
relationship continued and in real life
the performers actually got married in
2003 and since then their real-life
marriage has been reflected in the
storytelling you raid on bail that
character yet I think so
hailing from Minneapolis Minnesota here
to defend a box title the evil
billionaire / tyrant / skateboarder
throw Peterson
what is that
is that a check for a million dollars oh
my god he just ripped it up Peterson
check it what are y'all doing dude qith
a
