this is a landfill the world generates
over a billion tons of garbage
each year that's a worth 3 million tons
of garbage in a single day but a large
majority of it doesn't even make it to a
landfill because it's chemically
unstable 400 million tons of our yearly
waste is considered hazardous and has
frequently burned up the u.s. released
eight hundred and eighty thousand tons
of co2 emissions in 2016 alone in fact a
lot of the hazardous products that get
sent to the incinerator like aerosol
cans paint and bleach have barely been
used if a product is dented or sticky
often a retailer can't or won't sell
them they just get thrown away and the
disposal of these products can have a
pretty disastrous effect on the
environment so what are we doing to
prevent this needless pollution among
household items substances are
considered hazardous if they're toxic
corrosive reactive or flammable so
pretty much anything you keep under the
kitchen sink when a retailer or
municipality needs to dispose of these
materials strict guidelines imposed by
the EPA state that they can't just be
thrown away in a landfill one reason for
this is because landfills are outside
and susceptible to weather rain snow or
other precipitation can seep in mix with
or dissolve hazardous waste and become
contaminated this contaminated water
called leachate continues to seep into
the earth eventually making it into the
water cycle in an effort to prevent this
we send hazardous waste to an
incinerator but that really isn't a
great option either though incinerators
are equipped with pollution control
devices pollutants from hazardous wastes
can be difficult to remove molecules can
still enter the air and form new more
harmful substances and like leachate
from landfills find their way into the
water cycle but what if we could prevent
these materials from becoming waste in
the first place
that's where the folks at smarter
sorting come in smarter story of oisin
learning technology is creating the
first smart chemical database that will
empower chemical conservation around the
world
that's Chris Wrigley CEO and founder of
smarter sorting but what is it and how
does it work but smart sorry guys is it
takes two high-resolution pictures of
item it weighs it takes its barcode and
it assembles a complete data record of
everything that's in the chemical which
is pretty cool when you consider how
broad the spectrum of hazardous
materials really is
remember those barely use dented or
sticky containers with this new
information disposal facilities and
retailers can identify reusable products
and divert them away from the
incinerator perfectly good items that
are still usable are sent to restore
centers for secondhand purchase our
vision is to do better things with
orphan items we're gonna help retailers
and municipalities put these items to
use for the purpose in which they were
intended and we're already seeing the
results tens of thousands of pounds of
materials have been saved from
incinerators thanks to smarter sorting
that's great news but as of now the
world is still on pace to almost double
its waste production by the year 2025
that means we'll need to sort a lot more
waste and it starts with the products we
bring home so on your next grocery run
pick out the dented or sticky containers
to put under your sink so they don't
just get thrown away after all the best
way to prevent needless waste is to
never let it become waste in the first
place
you
