midwives it's one thing to lose our
patience other doctors but are those
charlatans it makes me sick
that's an episode of the Mindy project
in which a fight brews between Mindy
Lahiri a doctor and a midwifery practice
do you think you are I have a heart
attack
how would you handle that would you rub
eucalyptus leaves all over my chest this
is an exaggerated sitcom plot but the
idea points to a long-standing culture
war between doctors and midwives that's
rooted in race and class in America all
right ladies let's go downstairs what
set of appointments with some real
doctors midwifery is an incredibly
common practice in a lot of countries in
the UK midwives deliver about half of
all babies including Kate Middleton's in
Sweden Denmark and France midwives
oversee around three quarters of births
but here in the u.s. they participate in
less than 10% of births in these
countries the ones that tend to rely on
midwives more frequently maternal
mortality rates are a fraction of
America's in fact maternal mortality has
risen in the u.s. as it has declined
elsewhere so if midwives are popular and
effective in many other industrialized
countries why is the US medical system
still wary of them the answer is
complicated for most of human history
babies were delivered by midwives
midwifery can be found in the Old
Testament they were respected for
bringing their knowledge and training to
childbirth in America midwives were
integral to both indigenous and
immigrant groups and in the south they
were known as granny midwives midwives
have always existed it's just that we
have changed over time that's Patricia
Loughman
a midwife of 37 years and a member of
the board of directors for the American
College of nurse-midwives when you look
at midwifery say in the time of the of
enslavement the Midwife was actually the
person who
made certain that women were able to
produce healthy babies now after slavery
ended she was no longer valuable because
she was not making certain that there
was a continued slave labor generally in
the south most of these women were black
women taking care of women both black
and poor way because of during the days
of segregation you could not access
hospitals in the mid to late 1800s the
professionalization of Medicine became a
major trend and male doctors began
taking control of childbirth away from
female midwives it was determined that
in order to get women into the hospital
you had to get rid of these midwives who
were taking care of all of these women
in the home all of these women who have
been attending births all of these years
they were blamed for maternal infant
death what that means something
Joseph Dooley of Chicago the most
influential OB gen of his day called
midwives relics of barbarism and a drag
upon the science and the art of
obstetrics in the South especially much
of the attack on midwifery was rooted in
race one Alabama doctor dismissed black
midwives as having fingers full of dirt
and brains full of arrogance and
superstition
some states outlawed home birth midwives
while most others created new
regulations that made it harder to enter
the profession by the 1950s a vast
majority of women gave birth in
hospitals attended by doctors but
something changed in the 70s
middle-class white women wanted more of
a voice in their maternity care and that
led to a rise in midwifery except this
time most midwives were white women
the u.s. currently has around 15,000
certified midwives it's a growing
profession but still overwhelmingly
white just about five percent of the
nation's midwives are women of color in
addition to being from the community and
understanding not only linguistically
and culturally what women need midwives
of color protect women in a system that
is hostile to them with black mothers
three to four times more likely to die
from causes related to pregnancy or
childbirth there's evidence that
empowering midwives might change
outcomes for moms and babies researchers
found that some states had clearly done
more to integrate midwives than others
and while there are many factors that
can influence maternal and infant health
many states with the least integration
also had some of the highest rates on
key indicators including premature
births neonatal mortality and c-sections
in recent years groups like the American
Congress of Obstetricians and
Gynaecologists have become much more
welcoming to licensed midwives but that
hasn't resolved the culture war between
doctors and midwives just yet there is a
role for a midwifery and physician
collaborative relationship we're not
enemies we are colleagues who need each
other thanks for watching ProPublica has
been reporting on the disparities in
maternal mortality in the US and how
it's the most dangerous industrialized
country in which to give birth there's a
lot more to the story of midwives in
America that we couldn't fit in the
piece including the current barriers to
entry that a lot of midwives especially
midwives of color face in certain states
for more on that empro p√∫blicas latest
reporting on maternal health click on
the link below thanks
