the last British royal wedding between
Prince William and Kate Middleton
brought together nineteen hundred guests
many of whom were pretty high-profile
people footballer David Beckham was
there with his wife and fashion designer
Victoria Beckham Elton John was there
too but this photo might be the most
impressive of all because this is the
Queen of Spain and the Prince of Spain
next to the princess of Sweden the
former king of Greece is behind them and
way back there is the former king of
Romania they were invited because
they're all related to Prince William's
great-great-great great-grandmother
Queen Victoria over the course of her 63
year reign she strategically planned
marriages to place her descendants and
royal families all over Europe and in
doing so created one of the most
remarkable royal families in history
by the early 19th century Europe had
been at war for decades after the French
revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars killed
millions European leaders came together
to restore peace by reshaping major
States for a new balance of power
Great Britain went on to become one of
the strongest States and years later
Queen Victoria and her husband Albert
came up with a plan to maintain that
political power they married their
children to monarchs across Europe and
at that time you know all role marriages
were fundamentally about dynastic unions
about cementing political allegiances
about building new political alliances
it started with their daughter Vicki the
eldest of nine children she married the
heir to the Prussian throne the largest
and most powerful of the German states
Albert's vision had always been a
victorious shared it that prussia of all
the German states was the one that would
end up leading the way towards a great
unified Germany they wanted to build
strong connections with Germany and see
them as being a force for good and
constitutional benign monarchy across
Europe their children Alice Beatrice
Helena Leopold and Arthur also married
German royalty their eldest son Prince
Albert Edward married a Danish princess
whose brother was the king of Greece two
more important European states but when
their son Alfred wanted to marry the
daughter of the Russian Tsar things
became a bit more complicated there was
a long history about Queen Victoria's
deeply apprehensions about Russia for
any of her children marrying into Russia
the Russian monarchy was an autocracy
whereas the the British monarchy as such
was a constitutional monarchy there was
a whole long period of russophobia in
Britain the two states were also
extremely competitive over territory in
Central Asia and Eastern Europe where
they fought a bloody war in the 1850s
but the marriage was allowed and by the
1880s Queen Victoria's children were in
several important branches of Europe's
monarchies but did it bring peace to
Europe
not quite see Germany did unify in 1871
but it wasn't peaceful Prussia fought a
series of bloody wars and consolidated
the other German states in Russia the
Royal Romanov family was losing its grip
on power members of the monarchy were
being hunted and the Tsar was
assassinated in 1881 the royal unions
didn't play out as Queen Victoria
planned but she continued to make more
matches anyway she had 42 grandchildren
in total and these seven ended up on
Royal Thrones the eldest wilhelm ii who
was already in line to be the next
emperor of Germany m√©rida German
princess in 1881 the hope was that he
would steer a unified and powerful
Germany into an alliance with Great
Britain George was in line to be the
king of Great Britain and married a
minor British royal family member
Alexandra married Nicholas who was
related to George and Wilhelm and both
became the Tsar and czarina of Russia
and for more granddaughters married in
European royalty fulfilling Victoria's
vision I mean when you look at Queen
Victoria by the end of her life she
really was the grandmother of Europe
take for example this family photo where
Queen Victoria's with her daughter and
grandson the rulers of Germany her son
Britain's Next King and her
granddaughters the future czarina of
Russia and the future queen of Romania
here's the soon-to-be King of England
and his look-alike cousin the soon-to-be
Tsar of Russia and here's some of the
children and grandchildren together
finally this is King Edward of Great
Britain and his nephew Kaiser Wilhelm of
Germany at Queen Victoria's funeral in
1901 after her death the family ties
that Queen Victoria had strung around
Europe would not bring peace but the
most destructive war Europe had ever
seen the king of Gothenburg make ready
to sweep the field Tsar of Russia and
mobilizes England joins the battle royal
World War one broke out in 1914 and
split this family apart Wilhelm's
Germany along with Austria Hungary and
the Ottoman Empire fought an alliance
led by Britain Russia and France these
countries were neutral say Victoria had
lived till we were on the brink of war I
think it would have broken up totally
broken her heart to know that her
grandchildren ended up at war with each
other the war killed over 10 million
people and ended the era of monarchy in
Europe Wilhelm Sophia and Maria Rolfe
forced to abandon their Thrones
revolution swept through Russia and
Alexandria and Nicholas were executed by
communists the British monarchy survived
but the war forced them to rethink their
political strategy George King George
the fed and his wife B Mary were very
very astute they saw that the monarchy
had to be more people-friendly had to be
more accessible not just sitting there
in great robes in glory you know with
their crowns on had to be much more out
on the street and so on meet the people
win their confidence Carney monarchy we
now have with Queen Elizabeth that
approach not only helps modernize
British monarchy over the last century
but it also changed the face of real
weddings forever
