we work together we can get the criminal
traffickers off our streets and off of
the internet on April 11th president
Trump signed a piece of legislation
based off of a pair of bills one started
in the Senate known as cesta or the stop
enabling sex traffickers act the other
started in the house called FASTA or the
fight online sex trafficking act whose
gonna post something called the stop
enabling sex traffickers act right I
mean there's you're not gonna make
friends with that both bills sailed
through Congress but critics of the law
claim it will end up hurting the people
it's supposed to protect an enormous
bully coming into our living room and
not only that it could end up changing
the Internet as we know it since 1996
websites have enjoyed a protection built
into a communications law known as
section 230 it basically says that
websites can't be held liable for the
content posted by users on the site
Fausta which ended up being the final
name of the law creates an exception to
section 230 which would make websites
responsible for knowingly facilitating
prostitution or sex trafficking on their
site to understand why critics see this
as a problem think of it like a phone
call if you plant something illegal
during a phone call your phone carrier
isn't held responsible for what you said
during that call they're just the
service you used this is sort of how the
internet worked up until now but under
FASTA phone carriers might start to
monitor your phone calls to ensure
nothing illegal was going through to
protect themselves from liability of
course monitoring all of these phone
calls is expensive and illegal messages
might slip through anyway so phone
carriers might block certain numbers or
do away with the phones altogether
monitoring and censoring would satisfy
part of FASTA it would ensure that the
site isn't facilitating prostitution or
sex trafficking another option though is
to stop monitoring altogether that way a
website could claim that they didn't
know about the illegal content on their
site these outcomes aren't theoretical
websites are already reacting this way
to FASTA ever since it passed the Senate
that's when website started freaking out
about their terms of services and that's
when we saw Craigslist personals get
shut down and Backpage get shut down
which I think owning this zone makes the
point that this is really chilling quite
a bit of material that's well outside
the range of what theoretically this law
addresses FASTA was particularly aimed
at backpage.com a website that has long
been known for its sex worker
advertisements the thing is though
fastest stated purpose is to crack down
on sex trafficking it's right there in
the title but it's sex workers that are
feeling the burden the main difference
between sex trafficking and sex work is
that sex trafficking is the
non-consensual often underage
trafficking of human beings and sex work
is the consensual arrangement between
two adult aged people to exchange money
for sexual services whether those are
fantasy services or overtly sexual
services this covers a wide range of
work it's not just prostitutes and
escorts who are sex workers strippers or
sex workers full-body sensual masseuses
are sex workers cam models live webcam
models or sex workers porn performers or
sex workers etc etc does it make sex
workers more vulnerable to traffickers
and we're seeing this where you're a sex
worker you used to have an ad up on
Backpage now you don't have a back page
ad you're trying to figure out how to
find your clients and you start getting
calls from people that are like hey I
know you can't advertise anymore I can
help you get clients give me a call
which is pimping right
critics of FASTA say that the law will
push sex trafficking and sex work back
underground offline where authorities
will have a much harder time tracking
sex trafficking and getting victims to
help they need
can't screen our clients as easily we
can't engage in the kinds of activities
that help keep us safe we can't find
each other online as easily we can't
share safety information online as
easily senator portman the congressman
who co-sponsored the legislation that
became FASTA claims that with this law
authorities and victims of sex
trafficking can go after websites like
backpage.com
ironically though backpage.com was
seized by law enforcement before FASTA
was signed into law which calls into
question how necessary FASTA was in the
first place
critics also worried that the law is so
vague that its consequences could be
even more far-reaching we're gonna see a
lot of self-censorship on the Internet
we're gonna see not just sexual content
necessarily getting censored but
definitely adult content how does Google
know who's a sex worker and who's just
like someone in love with someone very
far away
it's just that sex workers are the
frontline of that
you
