disastrous breaking news it turns out
Maxine Waters
and Eric Holder did receive bombs as we
told you in the middle of the show but
Maxine Waters has gotten two bombs okay
so one inner DC office in one in LA
office so let me tell you son
ain't no false flag that since two bombs
okay what would be the point of sending
two bombs okay and you made your point
by sending it to all the different
liberals etc right
what and she out of all the people in
the country that they sent two bombs -
it wasn't Obama
it wasn't Clinton it wasn't even Soros
it was Maxine Waters
one out of 435 Congress people why cuz
she insulted Trump the most remember and
they said oh she's encouraging violence
she's encouraging violence by telling
you to speak up against politicians and
then get a load of the irony and
hypocrisy of sending two bombs to her
mm-hmm now luckily she's okay
but jeez that is unnerving man and so
one of you guys wrote in during the show
I didn't get a chance to read it saying
even if they don't explode look at the
message that they're sending right to
intimidate intimidation yeah and look I
hope this doesn't prevent anyone from
speaking the truth and holding people in
positions of power accountable for their
actions
if you can't let you can't let them
terrorize you you can't let them you
know deter you from doing what you feel
is the right thing to do and and if ever
there was an administration that
deserves criticism it's this
administration Maxine Waters on a
political level actually has some issues
okay there's plenty things I don't agree
with her on but now I'll fight to the
death for her okay so I mean they
targeted her one because she was
courageous enough to speak up and to
fight back so that's it I
back okay and number two let's keep it
real why did she get on their skin so
much also she's a black woman I mean it
is it's striking that she's the only one
to receive two bumps okay
very very striking and so these monsters
talking about a false flag and all that
nonsense
are you insane no this is clearly a
right-wing lunatic and you could tell it
because the left winger wouldn't think
to send two bums to Maxine Waters and
besides which why we even having a
conversation about this of course
something right winger okay so to that
point you know on the show we talked
about how now conservatives are
spreading this ridiculous theory that it
was a false flag operation the Democrats
did it the timing is suspicious because
it's close to the midterms and it's a
it's a ridiculous thing to consider
right but anyway the thing about social
media is that it makes you aware that
people that you've known for a long time
people that you may have gone to school
with can also be lunatics and can also
fall prey to nonsense propaganda and I
realized while I realized that a long
time ago but I came across another
example of that today when someone that
I've known for a long time
posts on Facebook an ABC News report
about all these bombs and the only thing
that he wrote in the caption was seems
fishy and that irritated me and then I
like look at the comments and two other
people commented and said I agree seems
fishy and then he provides evidence for
why he would deem this fishy right hmm
he shared a I think it's a tweet yeah a
tweet by Candice Owens I'm going to go
ahead and state that there is a 0%
chance that these suspicious packages
were sent out by conservatives the only
thing suspicious about these packages is
their timing caravans fake bomb threats
these leftists are going all out for the
midterms that's what she wrote you know
what though I mean if they say it enough
the media will start to report it
as 5050 so they're unreal the caravans
think about what a lunatic Candace Owens
is the she thinks those are not actual
poor people from Honduras and Latin
America that the Democrats put them up
to it do you know how mentally deranged
you have to be to believe that which
never is with Chuck Schumer fly down to
Honduras and say okay guys up and Adam
we need you guys and what the theory is
by the way get a load of like get a load
of this the conclusion of the theory
that the Democrats somehow got the poor
people from Latin America to join a
caravan come through break through the
gate or sneak in with a giant Caravan or
five thousand people okay and then go
vote they think they're gonna come and
vote in this election it's absurd
one other thing I want to point out
thanks to Edwin do Manya who remembered
about this Trump had tweeted something
threatening to Maxine Waters in June of
this year okay so just to give you
context before I read the tweet to you
guys this is on Twitter Maxine Waters
was encouraging people to speak their
minds not use any physical force or
assault anyone speak your mind when you
see an elected official and you disagree
with the policies right and everyone
lost their minds over that conservatives
lost their minds and they went out of
their way to twist her words to make it
appear as if she was calling for
violence against conservatives she has
never called for violence period okay
now with that said June 18th of this
year Trump had tweeted the following
congressman Maxine Waters an
extraordinarily low IQ person has become
together with Nancy Pelosi the face of
the Democrat Party she is just called
for harm to supporters not true of which
there are many of the make America great
again movement be careful what you wish
for max oh that's so true oh god I
forgot about that man
then they
and say I was probably the left I wanted
a bomb itself be careful what you wish
for max how much did he go these people
and egg them on Jesus Christ and you
know what since they live in a
conspiracy filled world where they
detached from logic facts reason etc
they could catch the guy they could show
that he's a trump supporter and you know
what they'll say oh no the FBI it's a
witch hunt they're FBI was a witch hunt
against Trump
and so they rigged it they rigged it
it's actually a Democrat and they
planted the Red Hat in his closet etc it
doesn't matter they won't accept backs
they're like oh there was bombs too
George Soros Hillary Clinton Barack
Obama Eric Holder to to Maxine Waters
CNN John Brennan in specific cetera so
obviously it's a left-winger what are
you insane and the answer is yes a
definitive yes and I like the part of
that quote that that tweet that drove me
crazy when we first covered it was the
temerity of Donald Trump calling anyone
else low IQ but he does it almost every
time with an african-american he called
LeBron James low IQ based on what hey
but Kanye West is the only one he
doesn't call low IQ cuz he's the one
that puts on a red hat right he called
Maxine Waters low IQ who else he did it
to like three or four different
african-americans Omarosa colo like you
wait you hired her like seven different
times whites you're higher of shoe so
long IQ and you could do a thousand
insults to Omarosa and I wouldn't
disagree with you but low IQ ain't one
of them okay coming from the guy who is
the lowest IQ person that we've ever had
as president but hey they're black
so everybody they're low IQ and go go
what make him pay for what they said
about protesting us and hey mission
accomplished Donald Trump not one but
two bombs to her I guess you got what
you wanted
