Lyndsay do you think Donald Trump is an
asset for the Russian government I would
say for all intents and purposes I mean
I what we're seeing here is a president
who has thrown the entire American
intelligence community under the bus
before the global stage it's really
unprecedented and and unheard of even if
Trump had suspicions or misgivings or
thoughts that the American intelligence
community was not right even if he had
those ideas that's the kind of thing you
address behind closed doors not at a
press conference before the global stage
and I mean I I sort of wonder is Putin
in a state of disbelief himself at how
easily this this administration has been
manipulated let me ask it in a different
way too if know because people say hey
look you can't know what's in his mind
and what his motivations are etc but if
you if you had an asset and you were
Russia is this exactly what you would
want him to say this is exactly the
position that you would want him to be
in I mean essentially what I feel like
is is Russia has been playing the long
game they've been playing chess I used
to say they've been playing chess while
we've been playing checkers but at this
point it appears they've been playing
chess well we've been playing
tiddlywinks and Donald Trump in the
White House is checkmate
period full stop yeah it is really
really disconcerting how concerned are
you about the midterm elections because
dan coates the Director of National
Intelligence keeps saying no we're under
attack right now and we're worried about
the integrity of the voting in midterm
elections
I think it's deeply troubling I mean I
think I'm worried not just about the the
midterm elections but I'm worried about
the state of this country long term one
thing that's been really disheartening
to me is how effectively Trump and
Russian intelligence and Moscow has
divided and conquered the American
public in a
very skillful way they've turned the
meddling the election meddling into what
most people perceive as a partisan issue
and it's not a partisan issue it's an
issue of national security
