a new report from the White House Office
of Management and Budget indicates that
the deficit has ballooned considerably
under the Trump administration and is
set to get worse and the debt that the
US will accumulate will be close to 21
trillion dollars I believe it is I think
it's 25 trillion is 25 trillion well let
me give you the numbers I have them in
front of me so this report by the White
House Office of Management and Budget
released these new projections and it
shows the federal budget deficit will
hit nearly 900 billion this year and
will top one trillion by next year and
yes you're right jank 25 trillion
dollars federal debt will hit 25
trillion dollars in fiscal year 2021 for
full fiscal details after Trump took
office under the OMB s own estimates so
again this is this is an analysis that's
happening you know through the White
House through this office and it
shouldn't be surprising because the tax
era the Trump era tax cuts have a very
negative effect on how things run in the
country and of course we're gonna have
this ballooning deficit as a result so
part of the reason I tell you guys
things ahead of time is so you can
understand and do the analysis yourself
and then so you know that we're not just
criticizing people in hindsight which is
super easy to do right so anybody who's
watching enters for a long time knows
that I've told you and I know this
because I cared about deficits and I
used to be a Republican when I was
younger right and I one of the reasons I
left the Republican Party is because I
realized they're totally lying they
don't care about the deficit at all they
always make it worse and when Trump got
in office I told you he would do massive
tax cuts for the rich and it would blow
up the deficit and they wouldn't care at
all and that's exactly what happened
because their priority is not about the
deficit their priority is wealth
redistribution to the top so there's two
ways that they do that the primary way
is lower taxes on the rich and lower
taxes on corporations and Trump did that
to the tune of one and
trillion dollars actually the latest
estimate is now one point nine trillion
dollars okay and then the second way
they do that is then they go all
deficits we gotta cut Social Security
and Medicare and Medicaid and food
stamps what they call entitlements now
things like Social Security and Medicare
you are entitled to because you pay
taxes your whole life into those funds
so that you can get it when you are
retired right but they make it seem like
oh I guess you want you think you're
entitled to this meanwhile they're
giving away the store to the rich and
they're blowing up the deficit and so
right now they've Paul Ryan's of the
world good we got a we got to cut these
entitlements we got a kind of we're out
of money well yeah and now by the way in
the midst of all this they're planning
for new tax cuts for the rich in
September unbelievable and by the way
just going back to what you said about
Republicans claiming that they care
about the deficit but when it comes to
action they show that they don't care
about the deficit at all representative
Kevin Brady from Texas has met with
Donald Trump this week and he said the
following we're here to talk to you
about making permanent this tax relief
we can protect them against future
Washington trying to steal back those
hard-earned dollars that you and the
Republican Congress has given them so
some of the tax cuts for the wealthy are
supposed to expire and he does not want
them to expire he wants them to be
permanent and so that is the next step
that the Trump administration is
planning to take so I want to make sure
that you understand the numbers because
the trillion dollars that Trump's gonna
hit in the in the deficit is going to
happen if they do nothing it's already
set in stone okay and the twenty five
trillion dollars that we have in debt
that we will have just in a couple years
in 2021 that's already done what Kevin
Brady is proposing and what Trump wants
to do is a new round of tax cuts for the
rich which would actually extend the tax
cuts for the rich beyond 2026 the ones
for corporations they're the most
important donors those are already set
in stone and there and they don't sunset
so they are permanent right now a new
Congress and their new president could
make a new law but if they don't change
anything those are permanent what
they're saying
the individual ones we're gonna run out
in 2026 because otherwise the price tag
would have been even more monstrous now
they're saying hey we did it we stole
all the money and we get wealth
redistribution and no one really there
was no price to pay let's do it again
but now we'll blow up the deficit even
more so what 90% of a Republican voters
still support Trump they don't care
about deficits they never cared about
deficits so let's just go Rob it one
more time this is a great American
robbery and by the way this is something
that Millennials will have to pay for in
the future
yeah insult to injury just Larry Kudlow
the head of the National Economic
Council who had always warned about
deficits when he was anchor on
television now says oh no they're
declining totally untrue a liar just
like his boss two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
