Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
TYT investigates does it again a really
interesting story about what im view to
be systemic corruption not picked up by
the rest of the mainstream media as
always thank you to you guys for
financing t uit investigates and these
great investigative reporters so let me
show you what they got now they explain
a Jonathan Larson does America's federal
database of medical treatment guidelines
a resource for doctors hospitals and
patients for more than two decades we'll
be dead on Tuesday that's weird it's
health care guidelines why would anybody
want to kill that off well let's find
out the national guideline Clearinghouse
website at guidelines.gov was shut down
by the agency for Healthcare Research
and quality that's AHRQ you're gonna
hear about them more about them in a
second so they they're the ones who shut
it down there are three players who are
relevant here in this decision-making
one is how Rogers so we're gonna tell
you more about him he's a Republican
representative from Kentucky there's
Rodney Frelinghuysen he's a Republican
representative from New Jersey and now
there's the Health and Human Services
Secretary Alex Bazar and we've given you
some reports about him in the past but
let's see if they've got connections to
people who might want to kill off those
guidelines okay first of all why would
anybody want to kill off health care
guidelines I can't imagine anything more
benign right seems like that would help
the American people but you already have
your answer politicians I'll be the
American people in this corrupt system
yeah good luck with that my guess is
they're gonna want to help themselves
stay tuned you're gonna find out okay so
why could this be the case so Larson
explains the national guidelines have
been a target for Republicans since the
1990s when back sir just teed off on
guidelines favoring non-surgical
alternatives for treating back pain and
big healthcare companies have billions
of dollars at stake in which guidelines
consumers use an estimated 200,000
visitors turn to guidelines.gov each
month that's 200,000 being people being
educated about the facts companies don't
want you to be
kated about the facts in the case of the
back doctors they're like I get paid for
back surgeries so shut up with your
guidelines about how they shouldn't have
back surgeries and then it should be
balanced then they should know when to
have it and what not to have it that
would help the American people and hurt
my pocketbook
so I will send my lobbyists to go do my
bidding the other healthcare companies
like Eli Lilly which is talked about
throughout the piece and by the way you
could always get these stories at TYT
comm / investigation and if you're
watching this later on YouTube or
Facebook we'll have the links down below
and so these healthcare companies like
Eli Lilly like well sometimes those
guidelines don't help make my case and
they cost me a lot of money because they
say you should do some other treatment I
don't like that so I want to kill it off
so what am I gonna do I'm gonna get my
Congressman that I've donated to or that
have financial interests in me to do my
bidding instead of representing the
American people so let's find out if
that's what happened in this case
representative Hal Rogers share the
House Appropriations Committee until the
beginning of last year had targeted hrq
for elimination
even after doctors warned him not to
kill guidelines gov so that was the last
head of this committee how Rogers he
wants to kill off the guidelines even
though the doctors say don't doctors
what do they know professors don't know
anything journalists don't know anything
scientists don't know anything now
doctors don't know anything because they
don't match the financial interests of
Hal Rogers well hold on that because
we're gonna give you whether they have
financial interests in a second now
let's go to the new head of that
committee under new appropriations
chairman representative Rodney
Frelinghuysen hrq was spared last year
but the guidelines.gov budget was
slashed from 2.1 million to 1.2 million
and now of course is we just reported to
you it's going to be killed the the
guidelines will be killed entirely okay
so now I mentioned Eli Lilly what what
do they have to do with any of this
well they had a drug called ziggurat I
believe is how it's pronounced and and
let's tell you more about that the
company spent 1.8 million dollars to
fund a task force on values ethics and
rationing in critical care the town
for skylines implant it was immoral for
doctors to balk at the high price of
their drug about eight thousand dollars
for four day treatment and favored their
drug over older treatments which had not
been subjected to clinical trials so
they look at their drug not doing well
they look at the guidelines they don't
like any of those results they go I got
an idea we'll spend 1.8 million dollars
coming up with our own fake task force I
say fake it's because it's not unbiased
scientists it's scientists that they
paid our researchers they paid and
you're gonna be shocked to find out that
those researchers they paid a lot of
money to came back saying your drugs
great I can't believe doctors are
complaining about the price let's get
rid of other things that say otherwise
and just take our propaganda that we
paid for and make that seem official so
can they get away with it
well hrq is an agency within the
Department of Health and Human Services
which also includes the Federal Drug
Administration HHS secretary Alex SR was
at the department during the sigrist
incident first as HHS general counsel
and then as deputy secretary from 2012
to 2017 he served as president of the
u.s. division of Eli Lilly so that's how
the revolving door works so when he's at
HHS at a lower position he says odd
since is Eli Lilly I think it's it's
fine it's fine the drugs great what I
don't know what you're talking about he
goes and gets paid a ton of money
working at Eli Lilly when he gets out of
government and then Eli Lilly says
you're not done yet son go back into
government and Trump and all the
Republicans go where's our donors Oh
giant pharmaceutical companies yes
Alexes are welcome back into government
and look at that let's kill off the
guidelines that was bothering our donors
this is the swamp this is how corruption
works but wait I told you about those
two congressmen so let's find out about
them freely houses Federal's filings
show that at the end of last year he
owned between 500,000 and 1 million
dollars in Eli Lilly stock with at least
another hundred thousand dollars worth
held by a trust fund that's not a
campaign donation
when their stock goes up that goes
straight into his pocket they make
decisions that help these companies and
hurt American consumers and making it
rich off of it
one last guy Hal Rogers my house Hal
Rogers in London he was the guy who
wanted to kill off this group to begin
with let's find out as TYT reported on
Sunday it was a different report that we
did he's check that on out as well
Rogers doubled the number of health
industry companies in which he invested
last year well it's not interesting they
go to kill off guidelines they go to
kill off Affordable Care Act meanwhile
the Republicans who are doing that are
going to invest in the health insurance
companies that would benefit from it
they get rich and we get no health care
this system is in this case literally
sick now that's the reporting my opinion
is you've got to get the money out of
politics immediately this is crony
capitalism this is what corruption looks
like and in the case of the United
States government with their sick
reliance on the health care companies
the pharmaceutical companies who are the
top donors in the country they're
telling us with this system wolf dash
pack.com get the money out of politics
that's a group that's actually looking
to get and working towards getting an
amendment going above the Supreme Court
going above the corrupt politicians get
an amendment to get the money out of
politics otherwise these guys are gonna
rip us off till there's no tomorrow
two easy ways fall young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
