we just watched Bernie Sanders Town Hall
on CEOs or workers and I want to give
you some startling facts about that that
I we all found to be super interesting
so American Airlines they say they can't
they don't have enough money to pay
their workers well but yet last year
they made 1.9 billion dollars in profits
seems like they got money they just want
to pay their CEO Doug Parker he got paid
31 million dollars what happened do you
don't have enough money and look if a
CEO does really well and he's doing
better than the rest of the industry and
you want to pay him well I get it
just don't tell us that you don't have
money for the workers because you do
you're just choosing not to give it to
that and 27% of their workers at their
subsidiary envoy air must accept food
stamps and other public assistance 27 27
% of their workers have to get food
stamps that by the way we pay for that
taxpayers do even though their work
full-time they're hardworking Americans
but they don't have any money except you
made 1.9 billion so what do you mean you
don't have money that was just last year
okay
Walmart's CEO makes 11,000 dollars an
hour I want to you guys pull up those
pictures of the Walton yachts Walmart's
low wages have subsidized the Walton
family so they make 6.2 billion dollars
each and every single year you don't
have money you make 6.2 billion every
year
the Walton family that's the six heirs
of Sam Walton that started Walmart
combined has more money just six of them
more money than 40% of the country
combined but they say no we don't have
enough money we can't pay you guys no of
course you can pay you're just choosing
not to at least have the decency to be
honest about it say look I want another
yacht with in a yacht with in a yacht so
I don't want to pay you because I like
to collect art and I'm a fancy person
etc etc so I'm gonna crush you look use
here look it come clean about it yeah
let's take a look at their yacht okay so
that's a boat within a boat oh they have
that already yeah they this they already
have the largest ever this is the
largest built yacht in the US can we
know where it's from super yacht fan
super yacht times I didn't get my
subscription in this month yeah
yeah so these guys say they don't have
enough money to pay their workers and
that's why their workers have to go on
food stamps and they have to get go on
Medicaid and and Walmart has a plan
where if you have to borrow money from
them which is nice of them you they take
six dollars out of your wages every
single paycheck even if you only borrow
it once and Walmart pays such little
wages that's six dollars is crushing
blow to some of the workers so they
won't take it
a lot of their workers including the
woman that was on the panel with Bernie
Sanders says oh I had pneumonia and I
didn't go to the doctor why my co-pays
$90 $90 would be devastating I don't
know what I where I would find $90 your
workers who've been working there for
decades don't have an extra $90 that's
your yacht within a yacht and you're
telling that it's okay to be fair the
the boats within the yacht were not
other yachts you just have room for
several boats within your yacht but you
tell me that your workers not being able
to pay a copay so while they have
pneumonia is a good idea by the way if
you don't know one of the workers in
these places McDonald's and otherwise no
vacation and if no sick days so if you
get sick you either show up to work and
you make everybody else sick by getting
the food you know no get the germs on
the food etc or you don't you don't come
in and you don't get paid and then you
lost the day oh my god you lost two days
of work how the hell are you ever gonna
catch up this is brutal man this is what
is happening the American workers I
don't know if the right wing celebrates
it I don't get it are they like oh that
guy's working super hard the guy that
was working at Amazon was working 12
hours at a security job as well he's at
a factory where he's not allowed to talk
to his coworkers
and every day of every every second of
every day is tracked is that if you
celebrate yeah yeah they do celebrate it
they do celebration and not only do they
celebrate it they they pay people to
spread Pro big-business propaganda all
over YouTube all over YouTube go ahead
download our videos with your BOTS and
with your fake comments because that's
exactly what's going on they have now
infiltrated digital media spreading this
nonsense propaganda they're all paid by
Koch brothers
they're all paid by nonsense crony
capitalists that think that it's totally
okay to see people die in their cars
even though they're trying their best to
earn a decent living wage we're not
talking about people who are sitting on
their couch watching Maury all day we're
talking about people who are working
every single day trying to provide for
their families and they're not getting
paid enough to take care of themselves
and their children I think that's also
yeah back to like the insidious and it's
like I kind of wish they would just buy
yachts but the fact that like you're
right in and we're talking about they're
just they redirect their money into dark
money groups yep into ways to buy our
political system into propaganda that
basically says you listen if you're poor
you deserved it if you're working and
can't make ends meet it's cuz you're not
working hard enough like that I think is
the cruelty of it it's like it's not
enough just to have it you give them a
yacht just don't screw with the
political billion times yeah I don't
begrudge people being rich wonderful
fantastic you build a big business you
make a lot of money I just don't want
you to tell us that you don't have
enough money to pay taxes so Amazon paid
zero dollars in federal taxes last year
because that's not true you're using
loopholes you're doing crony capitalism
and and you can have all their yachts
within yachts you want or boats within
yachts
just don't tell us that you can't pay
your workers one out of ten Disneyland
workers have been homeless in the last
two years it's ridiculous okay
and so I gir iger's a great CEO I don't
begrudge Uyghur anything he just did a
deal for four hundred and twenty three
million dollars over four years so he's
gonna get paid more than a hundred
million dollars a year that's fine but
don't tell me that a ten percent of your
workers need to be homeless and that's a
sad day for them and that you can't pay
your workers you obviously can you're
making a choice just be honest about it
also Disneyland's one of those places i
don't know if you guys know but in terms
of relying on foreign workers and people
who just come to the states and they
sort of bill it I know in Brazil and
South America and other places there's
like a hey work for Disneyland for
summer and we'll pay you you know seven
dollars an hour but hey it's like 15
pesos an hour and so there's all these
other ways I mean beyond mar-a-lago
hiring 61 foreign workers and there's a
little exception for the president you
know getting four
workers immigrant labor and exploiting
people around the world to come over and
then once again pitting us against them
more amazing stats how much how many
years as an average McDonald's worker
have to work in order to make the
equivalent salary of the CEO for one
year okay average cashier they have to
make they have to work for 895 years
before they can get to the same so pick
yourself up by the bootstraps they're
just not working hard enough yeah if you
worked 896 years then you would have
passed his one year of salary I don't
know why you're complaining but this one
is even more stunning the median Amazon
employee makes twenty eight thousand
five hundred dollars okay that's normal
Jeff Bezos makes that in ten seconds
every ten seconds he makes twenty eight
thousand five hundred dollars but since
I can't pay my workers any more than I
pay them I have to make sure that they
are tracked and and they've got and if
they take too long in a bathroom break
if they ever talk to any of their
colleagues they'll be fired immediately
okay because I'm only making twenty
eight thousand five hundred dollars
every ten seconds I don't mind you
making the money as long as you are
decent to your workers and have some
sense of proportion and balance of what
to share with workers and employees what
the management gets and there are other
models we don't have to do brutal you
know disastrous capitalism extreme
capitalism or crony capitalism or public
corporations you know
you know oppressing us to know and
Germany has a system where labor is half
their board and you know what they have
they have an excellent economy and their
companies are stable because they want
to make sure both labor and management
that the company doesn't go anywhere
then they make a good profit and they
share that profit and it works they have
a really great economy but we don't care
about our workers at all we just crush
them all day long
doesn't get good for libertarians like I
want to honestly I'm honestly asking
libertarians like it convinces
libertarians like Dave Rubin who get
funded to spread their propaganda and
then doesn't even have the intelligence
or the knowledge to defend his
libertarian position or the money I'm
just wondering like at what point in
this this horrible system because I'm
deep down libertarians are like yeah but
corporations ultimately are run by
people and people will do the right
thing
yet wages went down to the last quarter
by 1.4 percent even though they took all
that money
so it's breaks in fact let me tell you
one last ad about them
McDonald's is seven point seven billion
dollars in what bonuses it wage
increases for their workers of course
not
it's stock buybacks that increases the
stock price that increases the
compensation of executives and the
shareholders there's a go to the workers
not at all that's why we just dropped
didn't go up but at the same time
McDonald CEO Steve Easterbrook had made
a commitment to his low-wage workers to
pay them at least one dollar above the
local minimum wage that's not much I
mean the federal minimum wage of $7.25
we get the eight dollars of 25 cents and
you make about sixteen seventeen
thousand dollars a year that's it right
but he made that commitment that's oh
right he reneged on it I said yeah I
just kidding no we're not gonna do that
I got to seven point seven billion
dollars in stock buybacks and I'm only
making nine thousand two hundred dollars
an hour that's what the CEO of
McDonald's makes $9,200 an hour and I
just did buybacks which so would make
way more money next year because of all
the stock I own in McDonald's but a
dollar above minimum wage can't do it no
took the deal and the Fisher fillet is
still disgusting forty years of running
that is gross okay that's where we have
another disagreement a second
disagreement of the night what I like
lay off fish it actually takes nutrients
from your body instead of giving you it
well my buddy could use giving away
that's a win-win
