all right I was gonna say this for
Monday because it's got great video but
I'm gonna put the video in the
description box
once I'm done recording the video it's
from the BBC's from Trump talking about
brexit in the UK I I gotta go now
because it's amazing it's stunning how
stupid Donald Trump is so let me prove
it too so in this video a reporter asked
him in in Europe what do you think of
hard brexit and what do you think it
breaks it overall so he does two things
one is just talk about himself endlessly
for no reason when no one asked about it
because he's maniacally narcissistic
I'll get back to that in a second but
the first thing yet he does is lie miss
say things not understand anything about
the world so here are three things that
are stunning so first of all they asked
him about brexit and hard brexit he has
no idea what it is none none whatsoever
right he's a go hard breaks it of course
he doesn't know he's like I've been
studying this for days first of all
you're supposed to know it you're the
President of the United States
you didn't have to get a memo about
brexit before going to the UK to know
brexit except he does because he never
studies anything and he hasn't been
studying it for days cuz it's obvious he
had no idea what heart breaks it was it
doesn't matter that's the least
important of him
then he goes on to say for the third
time oh yeah yeah you know Reagan didn't
win Wisconsin I won Wisconsin good one
Wisconsin I don't like Reagan but he
wanted in 1980 he wanted it in 1984 he
won at both times stop saying that okay
he didn't win Minnesota in 1984 that so
one state he didn't win in not in 1984
against Mondale and I'm sorry there was
Mondale in Dukakis sorry Carter then
Mondale Dukakis was against Bush see
this is what a person does they make it
honest mistake they correct it
immediately or you're the president have
three people have somebody anybody say
mr. president we hate to bring this up
but Reagan did win Wisconsin please stop
singing it you look like a jackass
please stop saying it okay all right
fine he's a lunatic he can't stop saying
things that aren't true
and apparently he's surrounded by
sycophants so no one could actually
correct him ever okay otherwise they'll
be fired
think about how dangerous that is mr.
president maybe we shouldn't hit that
nuclear button
oh no no you're fired no you out Gil you
say to me against me right all right
then a third thing he says oh the UK
UK's great you know I've got a lot of
roots in Scotland and also Ireland
Ireland is a separate country Ireland is
not part of the UK we have a president
of the United States who does not know
that Ireland is a separate country come
on man
okay if you watch that video and you see
that and you think this guy's smart
well then obviously you don't know what
smart is if you look at that and go this
is not embarrassing then you're stupid
no you are if you look at that
incredibly horrifyingly stupid answer to
brexit and go nailed it that means you
don't know anything either
oh it's great dead Ireland's not it is
he doesn't know that Ireland's a
separate country that's great that's
wonderful
I want a president who's a total moron
who's totally uneducated about anything
doesn't know any policy now the second
part which is almost as frustrating
maybe even more because they asked him
about brexit and policy and he can't
stop talking about himself
my mom was from Scotland who cares all
right fine you look you want to relate
to people you want to say that once and
mate you don't know hard breaks it I
know Republicans don't care about policy
they don't care about having smart
president if that was said I'd say okay
no big deal right no I have I have a lot
of golf courses in Scotland who cares
who cares nobody asked you about your
stupid golf courses he's trying to
promote his golf courses because he's
still trying to make money though for
him the whole thing is I'm president so
I just want to make money out of it how
do I win how do I make more money stop
talking about your golf courses and then
oh and then I have golf courses in
Ireland too and do you know a Reagan
didn't win Wisconsin I won Wisconsin
nobody asked
about your election nobody asked you
about your golf courses nobody asked you
about your ancestry they asked you a
policy question you schmuck but he
doesn't know any policy at all so all
he's gonna do is Trump 101 brag about
himself in the ways that are completely
incorrect completely fabricated for his
own personal benefit this guy doesn't
care to be our president he doesn't care
to represent us he doesn't care to do
his homework all he cares about is me me
me me and at all costs if you can't see
that you're totally blind and one last
thing for the rest of the media it is
not unbiased to call that 50/50 it is
biased if you look at that video and you
say well some people say smart and
educated and some people say he's not
educated well then you've lied you've
lied to your audience just because you
don't want to offend Republicans and
Republican voters objectively he is
completely uneducated and self-absorbed
that is objective to say otherwise is to
purposely lie so that you don't hurt the
sensibilities of Republicans it's
obvious to any rational human being who
watches it
okay look though I gave you the quotes
but you could watch the video for
yourself as soon as I'm done being live
here we'll put the link up there and
watch it it is horrifying
