Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
Piers Morgan got into a shouting match
with a guest on this morning's show but
it ended with him being called an
incompetent journalist and an idiot
he had a journalist on Ash Sarkar and
they were talking about protests against
President Donald Trump and soccer said
she would be marching to protest
treatment of immigrant families at the
us-mexican border and Pierce Morgan said
she was guilty of double standards wait
why were there no protest ever for Saint
Barack Obama was a part of them I've
also been a part of immigrants rights
movements both in Europe and in the UK
regardless of his you haven't got a
skooby about Obama you don't know any of
the numbers I don't know one and here's
my point it's bringing back in on this
and because facts matter there actually
were protests of President Obama in
England thanked Obama yeah yeah of
course there were and we can show them
to you it happened actually happened
we're here today to tell Barack Obama
and his regime that the Muslims will be
everywhere he ventures we are here to
expose him for the crimes he committed
against Islam or Muslims or will she
produce to commit in Iraq and
Afghanistan Olivia
okay so now the tenor of the protests
are different and the size of the
protests are different but they did
protest Obama though at least those
particular folks did and they protest
them based on foreign policy and and
that he was too militaristic and dropped
too many bombs on Muslim countries and
so that's an interesting criticism and
one that we have done at the Times I
don't think I would have joined that
particular protest but but it is fair to
criticize his foreign policy and they
did and it wasn't just those people
people on the left in in Britain
criticized Obama's foreign policy a lot
and so did we
yeah and so now the size and the tenor
of the protesting has Trump are
different and larger because Trump is a
more despicable human being 77% of the
people that live in the UK disapprove of
Donald Trump and one other asked and
loved one of the articles said it is
because the British people find him
racist it's because he is racist British
people are astute and observant the
British people are all dentists are all
dentists and they're so when Obama might
have done signature strikes which are
terrible and disastrous and we've
criticized them for it but he was savvy
enough and and I think a decent enough
person that he didn't go out and say but
the immigrants are ruining your culture
okay you have to protect the European
culture right he didn't call people you
know refer to them as infestation right
right as they're seeking refuge or
asylum in the United States and I just
want to make a quick point about
protests so you hear people on the right
argue both in the United States and in
this case and this on this talk show
that there are these professional
leftists that make a career out of doing
these mass protests of right-wing
politicians like Donald Trump but the
same doesn't happen for someone like
Obama so you hear that talking point
over and over again okay first of all
Jake is right we're not comparing two
people who are equal in their cruelty
right Trump is particularly cruel
especially because he was the one who
implemented the policy of prosecuting
people who were seeking asylum and
taking their children away from them
so let's just keep that real secondly
alright so we gave you an example of
Britain but in the United States there
were leftist who are actually doing mass
protests of Obama no one remembers
Occupy Wall Street occupy wall street
was what 2009 2010 2011 yeah 2011 okay
that was during Obama's administration
and it wasn't a protest in one
particular area in the country it was
actually a worldwide protest who had
Occupy Wall Street protesters throughout
the world and and a lot of them were on
the left and by the way the Tea Party I
mean the tea party was a huge movement
protesting Obama so what are we gonna
call them professional protesters yeah
and by the way I don't see the Tea Party
protesting Trump yet another
conservative projection right they don't
ever protest their own leaders because
they're authoritarian by nature so they
assume the left doesn't when the law
Anna makes a great point I honestly have
forgotten that the biggest protest that
the left is known for is occupy and it
happened during Obama not during Bush
and not during Trump and and so and
looked at the also the the false talking
point that that appears is using there
is well if you do it pro together or
test against Trump that must mean that
you thought everything that Obama did
was great no I could do a protest
against Trump and still think that Obama
did plenty of things wrong I can
criticize things that Obama did wrong
and think that Trump was way worse those
are both incredibly logically consistent
but but the problem with the
conservative mind is everything's black
and white either love or hate someone
and if you like someone by the way you
support them unquestioningly you know
and Barack Obama's crackdown on
immigration while regrettable and not a
shining bright light of his presidency
in any way was an effort to get a deal
from Republicans no are there
regressions right and okay so which of
course they weren't willing to deal this
was a guy who was very eager to make a
lot of deals with Republicans a lot of
some of them very bad deals thankfully
the bad deals Republicans were too
insane to make and then also they
wouldn't make good deals and the
majority of the abraca Obama returns
were people who immediately crossed and
and of course that doesn't make it right
that doesn't mean that it's a policy
that many people on the Left would have
supported but it is a point that needs
to be made contextually in every
conversation if you could have compared
the immigration policies of Donald Trump
and Barack Obama Donald Trump's
immigration policies are the worst of
any president in American history
and it's not close and guys you can say
as we did throughout Obama's tenure he
supported more people than Bush or
anyone else in history before when we
criticize them for it it's okay to say
that then turn around to say Trump is
doing the same thing but worse because
he's now separating the families and
ripping the babies away from their
parents that is worse yes it's like that
sometimes you get it from the left to a
lesser of two evils is still evil yeah
but it's still the lesser of the two
evils we can fight back against both
right and with different ferocity
because what is significantly more evil
yeah right so but we're not done yet
because unfortunately it's like it gets
crazier yes my responses get better they
do and also it's a weird thing these
protests for journalists to forget about
- it's it's at the I mean at work he's
gonna charge yeah oh there's that and he
has no interest in hearing anything that
she has to say he won't even really let
her talk but she manages to get through
so no she does but ironically with him
spouting something that was in fact he
accused heard not being knowledgeable
it's about knowing the facts about what
the last president did so you can
actually put what Trump does into proper
context and I have a little context I
have been a fierce critic of the
detention of families which Obama
expanded and I was against that but he
saw what Trump said that Obama did not
do when he came to the separation of
children as a means to discourage people
last major the last major protest was
when george w bush was president
actually this is a group of professional
leftist who just liked to agitate okay
he seems great so they this is one of
the talking points they apparently have
in the UK for a right-wing as they do
here in the in a
America they say like well if you don't
like us you know you're limiting our
freedom of speech or your professional
protesters you have a right to speak you
don't have a right to be popular
so heat Trump is deeply unpopular in the
UK what do you want people to do just
sit at home sad day for you you maybe
you should try having politicians that
are popular
I prefer politicians that are popular
okay people are loud when they don't
like it it's only there people are
always against protest win there you're
protesting something they agree with I
thought the right-wing was in favor of
freedom of speech shouldn't a long
speech of all these protesters coming
out and saying we don't like this guy it
turns out they don't love freedom of
speech how funny and this one for so
long that Morgan's co-host actually had
to come in and defend their guest to go
out and sing in order to make a point
about one note if you find them both
actually encourage you to maybe check
out some of the other work they've done
where I've been intense
why do you as I go and check out some
basic facts about your hero Obama look
I'm sorry but he had that coming
because she's trying to have a
conversation that is intelligent
intelligent and nuanced they says look
here's what I disagree with Obama on
here's what I disagree with Trump on
honey here's the the difference between
the two years ago so you loved Obama
well no I just said I didn't love Obama
so you thought he was a saint
I just told you how many times I
criticized him and I don't agree with
him okay so that's why you liked him Oh
forgot
any sense he says something and she
responds to it and he cuts her off and
says something else then she responds to
that and he cuts her off and it's not
even an actual conference that
conversation and now even though he
wasn't interested in a conversation and
he definitely wasn't interested in
hearing anything she had to say he was
upset that there is a person who's
supportive of the protests that are
happening against Trump in the UK right
now that's that's all he really wanted
to get across here is instead of crying
why don't you go out there and do like a
celebration of Donald Trump and see how
that goes in there okay two easy ways
following Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
