FBI agent Peter struck has agreed to
voluntarily testify in front of
congressional Republicans now there are
Democrats involved in this hearing as
well and we will show you some examples
of the exchanges that he's had with them
but he is essentially testifying in
front of the House Judiciary and house
oversight committees now this is all in
regard to the text messages that he sent
to an FBI attorney by the name of Lisa
Paige during the time that they were
both involved with the Muller
investigation now as soon as Muller was
made aware of these text messages he
took them off of the investigation so
they have nothing to do with the Russian
meddling investigation they have
absolutely no impact on on the outcome
of that investigation with that said
though Republicans have seized on the
text messages that he sent as a way of
discrediting the investigation and so
they claimed that there was or there is
a tremendous amount of bias and that
it's a witch-hunt when in reality anyone
who looks into the matter even a little
bit understands that that's not the case
they're just attempting to discredit
what's going on yeah so my favorite
point that he made and we'll show you
all super fun videos in a sec is he said
look if I wanted to make sure the Trump
didn't win and we had a conspiracy about
that I was one of the very few people in
the country that knew that we were
investigating Trump's involvement with
Russia or potential involvement with
Russia right I just leaked it I had just
said it in which case that would have
tremendously heard Trump's chances of
winning the election but we didn't leak
it I didn't say anything so if I've got
if I was trying to interfere with the
election I had a curious way of doing it
because I didn't interfere and that is a
devastatingly good point
so he makes a lot of good points look I
I was not interested in this story until
I saw the way that he is fighting
essentially during these hearings he
represents a level of strength that I
wish that we would see from some of our
did officials on the left and he is not
allowing them to walk all over him so I
want to give you a quick statement
before we go to the first round of
videos let's go to graphic - he says I
have the utmost respect for Congress
Congress's oversight role but I truly
believe that today's hearing is just
another victory notch in Vladimir
Putin's belt and another milestone in
our enemies campaign to tear America
apart damn and some of the exchanges
you're about to see really do play into
what he is trying to message in that
quote all right so with that said the
hearings are hours and hours long but I
want to show you what I thought was the
most interesting so here is an exchange
between struck and Darryl eisah let's
take a look at the first video we have a
one sheet of paper that was presented to
you a few minutes ago and I'm gonna just
go to go to a date and then ask you to
read your own words March 4 2016
you want me to read this yes please yes
sir
OMG he's an idiot May 4th 2016 now the
pressure really starts to finish my e
July 19 2016 hi how was Trump other than
a douche Melania July 21st 2016 Trump is
a disaster I have no idea how
destabilizing his presidency would be
yeah okay thank you thank you for
letting him read that that was awesome
that that's in the Congressional Record
now so he didn't think the Trump was
smart
that may seem perfectly suited for the
Federal Bureau of Investigations okay if
you investigated Trump's intelligence
you would conclude that he's not very
bright
I would love to conduct a polygraph test
on Trump's current advisors and aides
and ask them do you think Trump is a
smart person or the Republican
congressman asking those questions
remember that red state which is a
right-wing blog did an interview
off-the-record with a Republican
congressman who said oh we all think
he's a total idiot and we just got to
survive our primaries and after that I
don't know what will happen but he's an
absolute disaster so if you read
texts it would probably say the same
exact thing and they're not colluding
against Trump it's just obvious that
he's an idiot so this guy recognize it
that doesn't prove anything so struck
thought that Trump was an idiot what
it's left out of there is that he also
did not like Hillary Clinton or Bernie
Sanders particularly Bernie Sanders that
doesn't mean he launched some sort of
deep state conspiracy against Bernie
Sanders okay it just means that was his
opinions do you think that other people
the FBI don't have opinions no they all
have opinions political opinions
presumably most of them vote some of
them and by according to inside sources
most of them are Republicans so does
that mean they can never investigate any
Democrats know you put hopefully if
you're doing it right you're a
professional you put those political
opinions aside when you do these
investigations and yes some of them
voted for Hillary Clinton yes some of
them voted for Donald Trump it appears
most of them but or more of them voted
for Donald Trump but that doesn't mean
that by definition they're biased
against Hillary Clinton in the
investigation they did of her let's see
more from darrell Issa and Peter struck
August 8 2016 and I'll preface it by
saying this for context miss page said
not ever going to become president right
right no no he's not we'll stop it
repeat that again no no he's not we'll
stop it
August 15th 2016 I want to believe the
path you threw out for consideration in
Andy's office that there's no way he
gets elected but I'm afraid we can't
take that risk it's like an insurance
policy in the unlikely event you die
before you're 40 on October 20th 2016 I
can't pull away what the and I defer to
the Chairman well you can one letter if
you don't mind why the eff what the eff
happened to our country lease okay read
it again that way aye sir did you not
was I'm not you just want to hear it
you need to repeat it please okay sir
sure I happy to indulge you
yeah and and with the Putin quote he
struck first here there Isis actually at
least parts of those were relevant the
the things that that people focus on
most is him saying we'll stop it okay
and so he was given an opportunity to
explain that he does explain it he puts
it in the proper context it didn't mean
we'll do a deep state operation where we
let him win
and then afterwards stop it he won we
didn't do anything to stop them winning
in fact we helped them by concealing the
fact that we were investigating foreign
interference in his campaign right so in
the next video struck gives context into
these text messages and kind of explains
what was going through his head and what
this all means if I may what is
important is that these texts represent
personal beliefs just like those that
you'd find on my personal phone but
these texts do not represent is any act
any suggestion of an act any any
consideration that we need to do this or
not do this and furthermore I would
encourage you as I believe I forget who
I said this to earlier this morning you
need to read these texts in the context
of what was going on at the time so when
I make the comment about Trump having no
idea how to stabilizing his presidency
would be that came on the heels of a
speech where then candidate Trump said
he didn't know whether or not the United
States should honor its commitment to
mutual defense under NATO I pre thank
you very much that's not briefly mr.
chairman enlightenment in light of these
actual look they have no interest in
hearing any explanations this is all
about political theater this is all
about GOP members of Congress trying to
appear like they're these tough guys
because they're not letting him talk
their it have no interest in anything he
has to say they just want to get their
point out there they want to make it
abundantly clear and apparent that there
are warriors for Trump and they're going
to fight for him and they're going
- you know continue this ridiculous
narrative that he's undergoing a witch
hunt it's so pathetic all of its
pathetic and it's so discouraging to see
what's going on right now
yeah can you read your incriminating
text what we believe to be your
informant takes okay he reads okay can
you explain it I'm gonna explain it cut
him off cut him off we're moving on well
but then what would you have them in for
you could have just read the text
yourself the whole point of the hearings
supposed to be like and what do you say
about that and he's like oh well here's
the context in which your shop don't
talk and why are we having these
earrings two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
