NFL star LeSean McCoy is accused of was
accused at least of assaulting his
ex-girlfriend so this story I'm just
gonna be honest it's sketchy but don't
make any judgments because we don't know
for sure what really happened but
apparently his ex-girlfriend was
attacked her name is Delicia Corden and
she was sleeping apparently someone
walked into her home in Georgia there
were no signs of forced entry and this
individual had pistol-whipped her and
demanded specific jewelry that McCoy had
given her and demanded she give back to
him after they had split up now
her friend posted the photo of her all
bloodied and we're gonna show you the
photo it is graphic so if you're
uncomfortable with that
fair warning take a quick look okay so
that's a terrible picture terrible
assault and so her friend had accused
McCoy of doing this assault and then
later she took this post down off of
social media now the legal firm
representing Corden said that she was
attacked around 3:00 a.m. Tuesday
morning as she slept in her Georgia home
that she shares with the football star
the pair is currently estranged and he
has been trying to evict her from this
home for a while so they're in the
middle of the eviction proceedings she
was physically assaulted in the home by
a male assailant who entered the home
again with no signs of forced entry now
we're now learning that McCoy does not
appear to have been in the state at the
time of this assault okay and that's
according to the woman's lawyer's
statement and so something that you
should keep in mind and what I find
interesting is that the court of public
opinion I mean it makes its decision
immediately yeah so so look I had no
reason to to doubt her story or her
friend story the chance you put out on
Instagram and it's clear that record one
of those that jewelry bag is clear
they're having issues because they're in
legal proceedings against each other
it's clear that there was no forced
entry so they points to McCoy but if
they now concede that he was out of
state and I but I thought this is a
saying cuz we don't McCoy's vehemently
denies it he says I definitely didn't do
it and there was no authorities would
not say that it was a McCoy that was
interesting so look it this is a
developing story it just happened when
we have more details we can give it to
you but with all these stories
especially in the beginning reserve
judgment until you know all the facts
but it is devastating injuries to her
either way to easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
