Donald Trump has issued quite a few
pardons during his short term in office
and we have just received news that he
has issued even more pardons these
pardons fall under the category of
political pardons and it is for Dwight
Hammond Jr and Stephen Hammond who is
his son now these are two ranchers from
the state of Oregon who hate the fact
that the federal government conserves
land so there is federal land throughout
the country some ranchers don't believe
that the federal government should have
control of these lands they believe that
the public should do whatever it pleases
with this land so as a result
Dwight Hammond had years of disputes
with federal workers government workers
who were simply doing their jobs and
monitoring that land conserving that
land now this Rancher was allowed to
have his cows graze freely on that
federal land
however they just asked can you please
notify us one day before and he was
outraged by that he thought that it was
a Gestapo tactics he was also outraged
about the fact that the federal
government had put up a fence at the
edge of the property right that
essentially divided his ranch from the
federally owned land those are the two
things that enraged him to the point
where you know things got out of control
so he and his son ended up getting
arrested because that they set fire to
acres of land federal land and so they
claimed no no no this was you know
standard operating procedure for us as
ranchers we did it in order to protect
our ranch however the federal government
argued successfully by the way that what
was really going on was that the fire
was meant to hide evidence of the
slaughter of a herd of deer that they
were not supposed to slaughter this is
what white privilege looks like so first
of all they're freeloaders they milk off
the rest of us literally off the land
and this is exactly what they charge the
the left of doing right wanting free
stuff wanting hand
that is not your land it's not your land
you can't walk into someone's home
whether it's federally owned state owned
or owned by someone else and demand to
do whatever you please in that home that
is someone else's property now I get it
in Oregon the federal government owns
about 50% of the land right and part of
the reason why this happens is because
of conservation efforts because of
environmental efforts and I think it
makes all the sense in the world if
you're a rancher in Oregon you should do
it what you should do it Dave Rubin
thinks you should do right just move to
another state with laws that you like
right now with the right wing says all
the time nice move super easy I don't
know if they have as you know the
government taking up as much land in
Canada
nobody I gotta give you more details
because this man had been violently
threatening workers in this land for
years since the 1980s he threatened them
with guns I mean he didn't show up with
guns but he threatened them by saying
that he would use his guns it had gotten
so violent and so specific that these
workers were afraid and in the case of
this fire there were workers on that
land whose lives were at risk because
this was an out-of-control fire that was
burning a KERS of land so look they go
to court federal government wins but the
judge who was about to retire decides
I'm not gonna give them the mandatory
minimum which is five years in set
instead I'm gonna give them a much
shorter sentence three months for Dwight
Hammond Jr that's the father and Stephen
Hammond got one year then the federal
government appealed that case and
finally got the the minimum sentencing
that they had asked for so look get a
load of this the the government says the
prosecutors say needed illegal deer
poaching
okay that's already bad they keep using
government land without permission
that's already bad but then they burn
the place down
to make sure that we didn't catch them
on their illegal deer poaching not only
their workers but the firefighters lives
were in dangerous and check antic fire
right and they get it twice and and the
judge goes yeah but on the other hand
our white okay I'm sorry Yuma southern
accent they're in Oregon okay
another and they're white and white
people get to just to take stuff we've
been taking stuff for the
history of America and we don't we don't
have to play by your rules
but there's mandatory minimums do you
know how many minorities in this country
I've been put away on mandatory minimums
and every time the judge goes I'm sorry
there's nothing I could do
it's a mandatory minimum it's in the law
but Judge what can I do but when it
comes to a white rancher who decides I'm
just gonna take her stuff and I'm gonna
burn it down so y'all come on that guy
looks like me three months
what do you mean three months there's a
mandatory minimum five years how many
black people have you put away on that
mandatory minimum right how many brown
people have you put away on that I know
but he's the white rancher just like me
I kind of like him he's a right way
you're just like me just let him go let
who cares three months and this is a
year so no the federal government comes
back and goes apparently this judge
cannot read the law it's a mandatory and
and the conservatives always say like we
believe in strict construction you have
to look at the literal meaning of the
law it says mandatory minimum right so
finally they get a judge who goes well
that's what the law says they've got to
go to jail for five years so now Trump
comes in off and goes office and goes I
love white nationalists I love people
who take other people's stuff and don't
pay for it that's what Trump's done his
whole life right so what am I gonna do
I'm gonna appeal to my base who are
white nationalist who think that they
should be in charge and they should get
to take other people's stuff so I'm
gonna pardon them so no there is no rule
of law if you're a right winger there is
no rule of law you just get to take
whatever you want
rule of law is used conveniently when it
comes to someone they don't like facing
incredibly harsh punishments and even
death right in that case their law and
order they're all about law and order
when it comes to a situation like this
of course they're not in favor of law
and order by the way so let me also
respond to an argument that I thought
was legitimate at first and then I dig a
little deeper to kind of figure out what
was going on and changed my mind so
these two individuals were prosecuted
under anti-terrorism statutes which I
thought sounded incredibly extreme
anti-terrorism statutes like this isn't
terrorism until I looked at the long
history that this man the father in this
story had with these workers I mean he
was threatening them since the 1980s he
was going after
them since the 1980s as Genk accurately
mentioned they had set fire to this land
not once but twice so if that doesn't
follow under they fall under the
category of terrorism I don't know what
does know okay so let you say okay well
no I don't know if that's terrible okay
let me switch the the religion on you
see how it turns out a bunch of Muslims
decide they're going to take land that
isn't theirs and then they were going to
do illegal activities on that land and
if the authorities caught them they're
just going to burn the place down what
they just burned it down a couple of
times what's the big deal now what do
you think happens to those Muslims
bye-bye nobody's having a conversation
about maybe we shouldn't give them a
mandatory minimum what do you think have
black people would decide hey you know
what I'm just gonna take stuff that
isn't mine I'm gonna take white people's
stuff I'm just gonna take it and if
anybody catches me I'm gonna burn it
down do you think they would have gotten
the mandatory minimum correct answers no
they would have gotten way more than the
mandatory minimum they probably would
have gotten sentences or put him away
for decades and nobody would have
pardoned them and can you imagine if
Obama came into office is like oh we're
the new Black Panthers or whatever it is
right I'm gonna find a black nationalist
what if they exist in the world I'm
gonna find them and I'm going to even
they burn places down there convicted of
terrorism I'm gonna let him go well how
do you think the right-wing would have
reacted oh my god it's people that are
not a race how dare they look at that
all they want is handouts no no oh you
want as handouts and it's not all white
people were not stupid like the other
side it is the right-wing who think
they're owed everything hey you have to
tell me Merry Christmas otherwise I'm
gonna cry let me ask you something I'm
genuinely curious to see what they would
say about this so they believe this is
federally owned land and the public
should be able to use it however they
please I should allow my cattle to graze
on this land I should be able to
slaughter a herd of deer freely on this
land I should be able to so does that
mean that anyone can do anything this is
just federal land that is governed by no
rules no law it's just complete anarchy
so would you be okay with any random
person building a home there it's
federal land okay and by the way okay so
if these guys are apparently anarchists
okay fine great then
why don't let Eno's come just to pick a
random non-white race that you don't
agree with and instead of you burning
down the land they burned down the land
and they keep on burning it down or they
just keep on taking or they build a
house and they build their community and
they put it right next to your property
wait a minute that's federal land that's
everybody's lives exactly what you say
yeah yeah yeah what happened all of a
sudden one you want to steal and you
want to rob from us you think it's okay
alright last thing on this
so the Bundy boys there's climbin Bundy
who pointed weapons at officers so
threatened to murder them also acquitted
gone nobody's in jail right they let no
authorities they article every article
explains because that's what it is the
authorities stood down imagine a bunch
of Muslims got to get appointed weapons
at the cops and said we're gonna murder
all of you guys and authorities stood
down people do you know people do that
no they moaned down they'd murder every
one of them okay anyway then his boys go
down because of these Hammond guys they
take over a Wildlife Refuge federal
property with guns they say we're gonna
kill any cops or government officials
that come here they went they got
acquitted because that's aimin monday is
the white oj right it was a bunch of
white people they go oh you wanted as
threatened to kill officials by the way
one of their own guys shot by a cop you
know what that's called if a black guy
did it that's called felony murder you
would go away for a life if you go to
rob a bank and the cops shoot your
accomplice you're guilty oh and you get
a life sentence or the death penalty
okay but as things stand if you're white
in America not guilty just rob and steal
all you like as long as you're a
right-winger okay look there was there
was a point where it there was at least
some tiny little sliver of justice in
this case because the government did
appeal the sentencing of the first judge
and then we got the sentence that was
accurate that was just
and then Trump comes in I mean the
amount of regression that we've
experienced under his watch and he does
it for political motives we know that I
mean you think he knows the details of
the story you think he knows
anything about it he knows that it's
politically motivated he knows that it
was the federal government under the
Obama administration that went after
these ranchers and he hated it and so of
course he's gonna want to undo it he's
like Oh white nationalists want me to do
this great fantastic white people take
whatever you want
rob and steal and I'll make sure you get
away with it that's Donald Trump's whole
life story two easy ways for Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
