so I've told you about Connie Ella in
before I think he's one of the next
candidates that are gonna win from the
just Democrats he is a lot like like
Alexandria Casa Cortez and other just
Democrat that won in New York recently
in a shocking upset over Joe Crowley a
con yellow right now trailing in the
polls a little bit but I've also
predicted at a shocking upset in that
race as well why he's one of the hardest
workers you'll ever meet in politics at
the age of 23 he got involved and
literally climbed gates to in in
different parts of Hawaii to make sure
he got out the vote he knocked on every
door three different times in his local
area for the state seat that he has
right now well he's running for Congress
he's the most progressive he's totally
uncorrupted no corporate PAC money so
what are we gonna do we're gonna send in
the cavalry and by the way you're part
of the cavalry but the person who's
going to Hawaii right now as we speak
to help Kanye Lang organize her
volunteers is Allison Hartson so Allison
not only was the National Director of
Wolfpack and Kanye laying by the way
support of that resolution in Hawaii as
well but she ran for Senate in
California she gathered up over 2,000
volunteers
well she I don't know if you know this
for those of you who didn't see it
earlier she then took those volunteers
and went to go help Alexandria Acacio
Cortes after she lost so Allison lost
now normally what do career politicians
do okay let me scheme and calculate us
to what I should do next and what
position I should go for Allison was
like no let me roll up my sleeves and go
help a fellow Justice Democrat now if
you're running for the Senate that's
theoretically a bigger position if I go
please I do declare I'm not going to do
that no she's like I'm going to bring my
volunteers and we're gonna help Acacio
Cortes she's now taking those volunteers
and moving him to Hawaii and and I want
you to get involved this is how we do
unity this is how we get together and
win elections we just showed you how we
could win elections with Acacio Cortes
we know how to do it so but we do need
you guys the answer is and and I took I
suspected that this was the case I told
you this was the case now we know that
it
case it's volunteers it turns out
volunteers can beat big money you got to
make enough calls you got to not gonna
enough doors but if you actually reach
the voters in the old fashioned way you
actually talked to them and for the
establishment politicians that's too
hard I did it well and they don't have
any grassroots energy so they don't
hardly have any volunteers at all so
they're like we'll do it the easy way
we'll just flood the airwaves with our
annoying commercials but we can actually
do it and we have done it we did it a
non-constant of cortez rays so get
involved right now okay so first off we
need to raise money to make sure that
those volunteers can be coordinated the
staff needs to coordinate the volunteers
so we have we literally calculate to the
dollar how much you need to make this
happen and so I want to direct you to
justice Democrats comm / Connie Ella
Inge and now there's a thermometer up
there and it's a little over $10,000
10300 some odd dollars that they
calculated they need in staffing because
the elections about a month away so they
need that for a couple people that
they're going to coordinate with and
make sure that that it's all organized
but they don't need more than that in
this case for this story because the
election comes in a month and that's it
it's done and this is not for the guys
who take corporate money they're like
$10,000 please yeah I'm someone sending
ten times as much but we do rely on
small donors like you guys so let's make
that happen let's do it as we've always
done with individuals small donors and
and so now the other part of it that's
super important is the actual
volunteering so go to Allison Hart's
intercom slash now that's Allison's army
okay and you can do it anywhere in the
country because phone calls are
monumentally important and you can do
those phone calls from anywhere so
Allison Hart CENTCOM slash now to make
those calls we'll have all these links
down below if you're not watching this
show live it's ok on YouTube and
Facebook the links when links will be in
the description box okay and and if you
live in Hawaii please that's even more
important you've got to go knock on
doors that makes the biggest impact and
even coming into the office to make
calls makes a
impact we've already tested this we know
what we're doing so if you if you guys
volunteer we put up another victory here
and we shock the world one more time so
let's go do it together right now okay
do whatever you can donate if you can
volunteer if you can let's go put up
another progressive victory and shock
the world two easy ways to follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
