NBC News is reporting that Justice
Kennedy had some very specific requests
from Donald Trump or for Donald Trump if
he were to retire and it appears that
Trump followed through on his promises
to Kennedy which led him to step down
and retire his career as a Supreme Court
justice now according to those reports
Justice Kennedy had made Trump promised
that he would choose one of his clerks
as a replacement for him if he were to
retire and so it appears that Trump has
done that because Cavanaugh did in fact
work as a clerk for Justice Kennedy so
there's that now that's based on one
source that spoke to NBC so take it for
what it's worth but it does appear that
there have been incredibly close ties
between Justice Kennedy and Donald Trump
Donald Trump's family so let's talk
about that before you get to that Anna I
just want to be clear about a couple of
things they I think they have excellent
evidence that Kennedy and Trump made a
deal now whether it's an illicit deal is
a different question okay but so Kennedy
got three of his former clerks
instituted as federal appeals courts
judges earlier okay but you could say
hey look a lot of people have clerked
for Anthony Kennedy and there's a lot of
federal courts so that's not that
persuasive it's just a data point right
but did you know not only Cavanaugh but
Gorsuch were also kennedy clerks so now
you're gonna tell me that two out of two
Supreme Court breaks under Donald Trump
were both kennedy clerks and that's just
a coincidence and Kennedy happened to
step down one there's nothing wrong with
them mentally health-wise etc etc and
and Kennedy and Trump have all this
family ties going back that Anna's gonna
tell you about yes so look if you tell
me that it's something corrupt or wrong
that's a different conversation if you
tell me it's a coincidence I got a
bridge in Brooklyn to sell you and so
does Trump so I want to start off the
discussion about Donald Trump's ties to
Justice Kennedy with a video from back
in February of 27
this was after Trump gave his first
address to Congress and the mics picked
up a short a brief interaction between
Trump and Kennedy and so we're gonna
show it to you pay close attention to
what they say to one another
so if you couldn't hear that clearly I
don't blame you
so Trump apparently told stopped he
reportedly stopped to chat with Anthony
Kennedy saying say hello to your boys
special guy right so Kennedy's son is
part of this elite real estate circle in
New York and as a result has interacted
quite a bit with Trump's family and
specifically Trump's son Donald Trump
jr. so Politico had reported a little
bit about this back in 2017 it was
foreshadowing but so much going on it's
easy to miss they had reported that one
back channel is the fact that Kennedy's
son Justin knows Donald Trump jr.
through New York real estate circles
another is through Kennedy's other son
Gregory and Trump's Silicon Valley
adviser Peter Thiel they went to
Stanford Law School together and served
as president of the Federalist Society
in back-to-back years
Kennedy's firm disruptive technology
advisors has worked with fields company
yes so there's a lot of connections here
and Peter Thiel famously supported
Donald Trump and spoke at the convention
is a very successful Silicon Valley
financier and investor and he's a
libertarian very deeply right-wing
Republican and and so but I think that's
the less interesting connect yeah yeah
I'm gonna get to the best part I'm just
you know I'm working you guys up giving
you a little taste and then there's the
big shibam comes the shot BAM
I think should bang anyway let me give
you the shebang now it turns out that
there are some financial ties between
Deutsche Bank and Trump and the reason
why that's relevant to this conversation
is because Justin Kennedy is the former
global head of Deutsche Bank's real
estate capital markets division and that
was one of trumps closest business
associates so at a time when banks
refused to give Donald Trump any loans
because he had gone bankrupt so many
times and because he was facing so many
lawsuits Deutsche Bank comes in and they
approve a massive loan for Trump huh why
would they do that now the very person
who approve
that loan was Justin Kennedy man okay so
look let me give you all the facts and
and so it's a little bit complicated
here and it's not clear-cut
okay so deutsche bank gives trump a
billion dollars at a time when literally
no other bank would loan him any money
because he'd already gone bankrupt six
times the banks in new york had a term
for it it was called the donald risk and
they didn't want to take the donald risk
because they're logical businessmen
deutsche bank for whatever reason
decided to give him a billion dollars
now i don't know why they took a risk on
a guy who's constantly does not pay his
debts i mean that he was famous for not
paying is that's he will brag about not
paying his debt so why would you give
that guy a billion dollars okay i don't
know why they did it
I dunno later Deutsche Bank was a
implicated in two different money
laundering scandals with you're not
gonna believe this the Russians but why
are you why are you spreading Red Scare
stuff run scare tactics no no but I'm
gonna give you all the facts hold on
so the the part of the bank that did at
Deutsche Bank used to help the Russian
oligarchs money laundered there was two
different scandals what my favorite was
the one that was called the global
laundromat okay that's how big a
money-laundering scandal it was but they
called it the global laundromat the
other one was called mirror trading they
got fined six hundred and thirty million
dollars for mirror trading and global
laundromat was a bigger scandal so but
but and this is important Kennedy's son
left Deutsche Bank before those scandals
he was there to give Trump the billion
dollars but he was not there during
global laundromat or apparently the
mirror trading scandal okay so if you
say he's involved with the Russians etc
I don't think that that doesn't seem to
be supported by the average no no one is
saying that justice Justice Kennedy's
son is is you know involved with the
Russians or doing anything shady with
the Russians but it is fascinating that
the very bank that was caught on to
Center
occasions laundering money for a foreign
country is is also it happens to be the
bank that loaned a billion dollars to
Donald Trump when no other bank would do
it it is entirely possible that these
two things are separate are separate and
let me explain
so Deutsche Bank having having to give
Donald Trump a billion dollars when no
one else would while money laundering
for the Russians which they have
admitted and paid fines for to the tune
of 630 million dollars in one of the
cases in just one of the cases I don't
believe that's a coincidence at all at
all
okay so I think that Muller and whoever
else should investigate Deutsche Bank to
know and find out exactly how the money
laundering if if it affected Donald
Trump the Kennedys on the other hand
look if he touches the if a part of the
bank that says I'll give money the Trump
because later we're gonna do something
else with it okay then you would
investigate that but it just seems like
that's more of a I know the Kennedys
he's a good boy because he gave me a
billion dollars right so Trump gets
something from the Kennedys there the
second thing he gets is Justice Kennedy
resigns under his wife so you said point
to nominees those are he has very little
wins he has the giant tax cut that he
calls a winded sand lost for the rest of
us it's a loss for the rest of us and
deeply unpopular among the American
people so it's not really a win for the
Republican Party or the the Trump
administration but that's how they view
it and that's and the press enables them
and the press says oh it's a big win for
Trump right and his other so-called big
win is Gorsuch and when you're president
only the Democrats could blow just
naming a nominee for the Supreme Court
right I don't know again those are not
to being like giant wins buddy but it
matters it does definitely matters so he
now if Kennedy resigns what he doesn't
have to then Trump gets to pick two
Supreme Court justices and it's a big
win especially now this is fair for his
evangelical voters that voted
overwhelmingly for him and so for his
reelection they're gonna remember that
he got to pick two very active service
so Trump gets those two things
what does Kennedy get Kennedy as we
explained to you before he wants all
this former clerks to be the top judges
in the country
so he gets three appellate court judges
and two Supreme Court justices that he
trained that are his boys and those
Kennedy boys they're doing well whether
there is litoris literal sons or his
clerks
so both Gorsuch and Cavanaugh are
kennedy clerks so that's what Kennedy
gets that's a deal it doesn't
necessarily have anything new with the
Russians or the money-laundering right
it's just that they're the intersection
happens to be Kennedy's son who gave
Donald Trump the billion dollars and
hence they have a good relationship
already they already had a good family
relationship and then Donald Trump jr.
also knows Kennedy's son etc so I what I
want to say more than anything is look
even if there's no wrongdoing on on a
legal level right like let's say no no
one did anything illegal when I took
away from all of these developments is
that Donald Trump is the swamp Donald
Trump has been swimming in that swamp
his whole life and so it's all about who
you know it's all about the connections
the Trump administration Trump
specifically has been urging Justice
Kennedy to retire since he got elected
and it's all because he wants that win
he wants the ability to select another
Supreme Court justice and so they
already knew each other they already had
these ties a lot of people most people
didn't know that they had those ties and
so while we're sitting here analyzing
the situation and trying to decide you
know who is Trump gonna pick next you
know as if it's gonna be some sort of
wild card nothing's a wild card when it
comes to people who have been swimming
in that swamp together their whole lives
and and this is why people will get
skeptical of the elites in the
establishment and those circle of people
who are very powerful and already know
each other my god if a Democratic
president had done something similar and
had all these connections and he and he
had gotten a billion dollars from this
guy's son what do you think the right
wing would say Illuminati and the answer
is not that complicated it's simpler
powerful people know each other and they
do favors for one another they get
richer they get more powerful we get
screwed it's so relatively
straightforward for
and Justice Kennedy for all the
decisions where he was modern and it did
make a difference and there are really
important ones has absolutely pulverized
his legacy by engaging in this what I
mean
I'm not forget the Russians I don't mean
that just this regular old corruption
where you scratch my back I scratch your
back I get whatever I want and now the
guy who wrote the Citizens United case
and destroyed our democracy and that was
Kennedy guess to put two of his lackeys
in who will never ever reverse Citizens
United who will allow corporate power to
dominate us for decade after decade both
Gorsuch and Kavanagh are young and they
could serve as much as four decades on
the bench that's right and while there
is a lot of emphasis on what this means
for reproductive rights in America that
is important but but I would argue that
the media is to some level on on purpose
avoiding the bigger issue which is how
corporate power will will benefit from
this well some reason for that because
the media is part of the owned by
multibillion-dollar corporations so a
lot of Shh on that issue hey by the way
Democratic senators you really want to
fight I keep asking do you really think
corporations or human beings really
really do you believe corporations are
human beings and you think they should
are they endowed by their inalienable
rights endowed by their creator we're
their Creator what I thought you were a
good Catholic right I mean you can go on
and on you could shred them on that I
guess there's a dub barely touch to easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TIG subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on YouTube you're
notified of our videos
