a federal judge has rejected a Justice
Department request to change or get
essentially get rid of something known
as the Flores settlement which restricts
immigrant trial detention to 20 days
maximum of 20 days the Trump
administration is not in favor of that
because they would like to detain
children with their parents in detention
centers for extended periods of time
indefinitely so in the ruling in federal
court California judge dolly G turned
down a US Justice Department motion to
modify a 1997 settlement again it's
known as the Flores settlement to allow
the government to keep underaged
migrants in detention alongside their
parents in her ruling she wrote the
following there is no state licensing
readily available for facilities that
house both adults and children so this
hasn't been done before so these
facilities don't exist the facilities
that are being proposed are not licensed
to do this and also she refuses to allow
for children to be detained for longer
than 20 days she also writes that the
administration's argument that parents
won't show up to court if they're
released does not support a blanket non
release policy so why is that she
refuted the administration's arguments
noting that for example 86% of family
detainees who have been released
attended all of their court hearings now
some of them don't that is a legitimate
concern 86% is a pretty high percentage
but for those who don't appear in court
that is a problem I will acknowledge
that but you can come up with better
ways of monitoring these individuals for
instance using an ankle bracelet
rather than using taxpayer money to
detent detain them indefinitely an ankle
bracelets a little bit cheaper than
housing them for months out at a time
and of course the concern is always over
the top they're like oh why would they
ever show up nobody's gonna show up no
it turns out 86% show up for every court
hearing and by the way I don't know the
number for ones that don't show up to
just some other court hearings we all
wish was a
percent but but that's actually a pretty
great number and does it really justify
the cost and the separation of families
or keeping the children in in detention
centers for so long for that extra 14
percent so I have it's more of a
hypothesis you know because it's just I
feel like it's just human nature I think
the reason why the majority of people do
show up to their court date is because
they are seeking asylum and so they want
to be in the country legally they want
to make their case they want to prove
their case they want to be in the
country and have legal status to be here
and so this idea that you know they're
trying to trick you they're just trying
to come in pretend like they're seeking
asylum and then they're gonna run away
that that's not really how it works or
how people think they want to be here
legally they want to go through the
legal route so the Trump administration
sees this case where they're clearly
rule against them they say we will not
get rid of the floor settlement like you
won so that you can keep the kids with
their parents locked up for a long long
time so the Justice Department comes out
and goes so what I'm hearing is that we
can lock them up for a long time or
separate them from their family know
that the judge said the exact opposite
you can't do either one of those things
so I think that the statement from the
Justice Department is foreshadowing
because I believe that what the Trump
administration will do now and again
this is my speculation but I do have
reason to believe this I think what the
Trump administration is now gonna do is
go back to separating children and then
they're gonna blame this federal judge
and her ruling they're gonna say well it
was it was a judge's ruling a federal
judge's ruling that we have to separate
the children and put them in shelters
while their parents are in detention in
fact the judge also said what you're
alluding to and that's why it's not much
speculation it's called it a cynical
attempt to shift responsibility for
immigration policy to the judiciary yeah
so she did not rule that you have to
separate the kids just didn't that's
just a lie so what the Trump
administration isn't telling you is a
third option now it's an option they
don't like and a lot of right wing
doesn't like but it there is a
option it's the one we've always been
doing which is look you can't keep kids
for longer than twenty days in a
detention center because their kids and
you it's barbaric to separate the
families so you release them either
hopefully with an ankle bracelet and
good technology etc and they come back
to court and an 86% of them do and or by
the way there's one other possibility is
that you hire a lot of judges not the
same number the Trump keeps throwing out
there about five yeah but but yes a
couple hundred judges yes it costs us
more money but you process all of those
families in under twenty days you can't
do that it would cost more money right
so I would then turn it back to the
Trump administration go which one do you
want to do you want to spend a little
bit more money and make sure that
everybody's processed in an orderly way
so you're not detaining kids for over 20
days or do you want to say they're free
to go with an ankle bracelet but they're
gonna come back and again they get
removed from the country once the
proceedings are over if it turns out
that they shouldn't get asylum and so if
they tell you that they don't have other
choices not remotely true of course it's
not and and just add a little more to
this story a federal court ruled that
Donald Trump had to reunite migrant
children under the age of five by a
certain date a deadline and Trump did
not reunite those children with their
parents by the deadline they asked for
an extension they have received the
extension but we are now learning that
the federal government did not keep
track of whose children belonged to whom
you see what I'm saying they didn't keep
record of it so part of the reason why
they're not able to meet the deadline is
because they didn't care to track the
children to the parents properly there's
at least a hundred and two kids under
the age of five who now don't know where
their parents are and their parents
don't know where their kids are so they
went into court today and said to the
judge sorry we just we don't have him
yet and so the judge had to extend the
deadline because they just don't know
which key parents go with which kids and
what did I tell you would be the
defining trait of trumps presidency
sheer incompetence is it's not an
accident that he went bankrupt six
has no ability to manage anything and
doesn't care to you thinks what do I
care about those kids
oh they're under the age of five some of
them are babies right and so they're not
gonna be able to find their parents
whatever whatever in his mind they're
they're animals then they shouldn't be
here in the first place
so they had a coming and what is the
right wing including members of his
administration say so what's the parents
fault they shouldn't come so now they
don't have their babies that'll serve
them two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below then you're at EIT subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on youtube you are notified of our
videos
you
