now Donald Trump picked Brett Kavanaugh
to be his next Supreme Court nominee and
Brett Kavanaugh did the standard stuff
yesterday came out and talked about how
he will not let politics affect his
decisions he told an anecdote about his
mom who was a judge and who told him all
the right things this was part of that
anecdote he said her trademark line was
used her common sense what rings true
what rings false that's good advice for
a juror and for his son oh okay so let's
investigate Brad Cavanaugh and find out
if he just finds out what's right and
what's wrong and doesn't politics what
would he know about politics no no no no
he's just calling balls and strikes that
John Robert said right now here's a
curious picture of Brett Kavanaugh from
earlier days with Karl Rove well seems
like he's enjoying politics at the
moment well he worked for Jeb Bush he
worked for George W Bush he worked in
the White House counsel's office
he worked in selecting nominees for the
bush team he worked on the 2000 case of
Bush v Gore to make sure that Gore who
won the election was not seated a and he
made an argument to the Supreme Court
that they should not count the vote in
Florida and they didn't they stopped
counting democracy was defeated and he
got exactly what he wanted he was
involved in ken starr's investigation
this guy is deeply political in fact he
was selected particularly for that
reason because of how political he is
but wait till you get a load of the
hypocrisy okay so and what he says about
investigating president now and why
Donald Trump picked him in the first
place so I've got all that for you as
the Washington Post explains he was one
of Starr's top Bulldogs this is when
they were investigating Clinton uh
obviously as the Independent Counsel
investigated Clinton and at times
advocated internally for an even more
aggressive approach against the
Democratic president Kavanaugh was a
lead author of the Starr report and has
acknowledged writing Portia's that laid
our grounds for impeachment okay well
I'm going to tell you about some of the
outrageous questions you wanted to ask
Bill Clinton in a second you're going to
enjoy that
but well at least he's clear on the
record and hey Trump better watch
himself this guy says if the president
is involved in a scandal you know mate
you should deeply investigate him like
he did he was literally part of an
investigation of a president oh wait I'm
sorry it turns out he changed his mind
isn't that amazing
when he's going after Clinton and he's
part of that team he's like let's go rip
him apart then we enjoy Bush's team he's
like oh I got a new opinion and he
writes about it in a law review article
we should never investigate the
president you're gonna say no come on
Jake that's got to be hyperbole so let
me quote Cavanaugh he said I believe
that the president should be excused
from some of the burdens of ordinary
citizenship while serving in office well
isn't that nice for him it almost sounds
like you're saying he's above the law
well let's find out if you were actually
saying that in particular Congress might
consider a law exempting a president
while in office from criminal
prosecution and investigation including
from questioning by criminal prosecutors
or defense counsel ding-ding-ding-ding
we have an answer for why Donald Trump
picked bread Cavanaugh to be his Supreme
Court nominee I think I says you should
investigate the president for anything
criminal or civil he's above the law and
conveniently says that when there's a
Republican president while he himself
investigated a Democratic president is
there bigger hypocrisy but I'm not done
yet
listen to more of his outrageous quotes
he said the indictment and trial of a
sitting president moreover would cripple
the federal government rendering and
unable to function with credibility in
either they to international or domestic
arenas such an outcome would serve the
public interest especially in times of
financial or national security crisis so
when you're nitpicking Bill Clinton and
by the way that investigation started
about whitewater was a real estate deal
in Arkansas they said oh he didn't do
that at all our bad but he slept with
someone we didn't agree with and haha
that did not apparently distract the
president that was not not a national
security crisis but if anybody wants to
investigate Bush sure Trump Cavanaugh
says you better not
that'll destruct our beloved dear
president this guy is breaking every
record
for irony and hypocrisy he says one
might raise at least two more important
critiques of these ideas the first is
that no one is above the law in our
system of government and I strongly
agree with that principle but it is not
ultimately a persuasive criticism of
these suggestions so in other words yeah
I'm not persuaded that the president
shouldn't be above the law I think he
should be above the law okay this is a
guy that they want to be the Supreme
Court justice and if Trump gets into
some sort of legal trouble
where's it gonna go it's gonna go to the
Supreme Court with a guy who's written a
law review articles saying the president
should be exempt from any criminal or
civil prosecution
that's unbelievable he said it I just
read it to you but he's not done so he
said all those things about protecting
Republican presidents but how about when
he was part of the Star report and the
Starr investigation What did he say back
then about pursuing Bill Clinton now
listen to his different tune back then
he said after reflecting this evening I
am strongly opposed to giving the
president any break unless before his
questioning on Monday he either resigns
or confesses perjury and issues a public
apology apology to you Ken Starr I've
tried hard to bend over backwards and be
fair to him in the end I am convinced
that there really are no reasonable
defenses the idea of going easy on him
at the questioning is abhorrent to me
get a load of this guy if it's a
Republican president don't you dare
touch him under any circumstances I
don't care if he committed any crime at
all but you can get him later you know
once he's out of office and no one's
paying attention you know that that'll
never happen right he says what if it's
a Democratic president the idea of
letting him off the hook for a
consensual sexual affair there's no porn
to me we're gonna go get him and there's
no excuses
tisk goddamn hypocrite and he's gonna go
on the Supreme Court way I'm not done so
you know what else he said about Clinton
he thought the guy who says that a
Republican president should not be
and because it might bother him while
he's trying to be President
he wrote this question that he wanted
Bill Clinton to answer look earmuff the
kids but this is what he wrote he wanted
to ask Clinton if Monica Lewinsky says
that you ejaculated into our mouth on
two occasions in the Oval Office area
would she be lying I'm sorry now you say
you don't want to bother the president
like it might be a little bit of a
hassle to ask on uncomfortable questions
the president the guy who wrote that
question and then he says Oh me politics
Oh what I would never who is so gullible
as to believe that nonsense they should
rip the sky to shreds in the Senate
confirmation they should ask him about
that question so which one is it and if
we put you on the Supreme Court are you
gonna say that Donald Trump is above the
law and he will say his non stance
standard answer's no well of course no
one's you know beyond the rule of law
except you wrote that you wrote that you
said well I mean look I don't find that
persuasive so which one is it okay let
me tell you more
he just when you think he can't get any
worse he was also deeply involved in
exploration of the Clinton White House
lawyer miss Foster suicide oh great
which Trump suggested in 2016 might have
been a murder Kavanaugh even appeared
before the Supreme Court in a bid to
subpoena notes taken by a lawyer whom
Foster spoke was shortly before he died
great well luckily he's not a kook or
anything but some of the president is
also a kook you look all right so he
investigated miss Foster's suicide are
there any sane Republicans left all
right
anyway let's keep going now how else did
he get the job well he says the Trump
basically it previously
I'm never gonna investigate a president
I won't allow any investigations he also
is an excellent ask yes sir and so last
night he said quote no president has
ever consulted more widely or talked
with more people from more backgrounds
to seek input about a Supreme Court
nomination first of all you're supposed
to be a guy who just judges the facts
how would you know that
you know how many people Eisenhower
talked to or Clinton talked to or Bush
talked to when they were picking Supreme
Court justices how would you know that
what a preposterous sick of Fanta --k
thing to say but hey he knows look yeah
here's how you get the job you're a
political hack you do you're the hatchet
man for the Republicans and for
corporations I'm gonna explain that in a
second and then you kiss Donald Trump's
ass and you get a job and that's that's
actually true and it unfortunately has
worked for them so far and the funny
thing is of course as usual with any
Trump Lackey it's totally false
now there's reporting out that Justice
Kennedy wanted to was former clerks to
be on the court and guess what Gorsuch
and Cavanaugh are both former Justice
Kennedy clerks and Justice Kennedy
decide to step down and in return you
got two of his clerks onto the Supreme
Court what a wonderful coincidence but
I'm sure that Donald Trump talked to a
lot of people and if that was not a deal
at all okay I'm sure of that
so now is he really that conservative
well what is this analysis based on
Cavanaugh's votes in the DC circuit a
political scientist at Emory University
calculates that there is a 55% chance
that he will be further to the right
than Clarence Thomas and an 81 percent
chance that he will be to the right of
Chief Justice John Roberts and a 12
percent chance that he will be to the
right of Genghis Khan if you've got a
fifty five percent chance of being to
the right of Clarence Thomas I didn't
know there was a right to MIT to
Clarence Thomas a class obvious it
appears to be on the edge of the abyss
of the right wing and Kavanagh was like
hold my beer I could do better I don't
know how you go further right but I
guess Cavanaugh is going to show us okay
so how did he help corporations and of
course that's the number one qualifier
for the Supreme Court these days he
ruled it the way that the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau is
structured makes it unconstitutional for
instance and has routinely taken aside a
big business in disputes with government
of course he has because that's his job
to be a guy who serves his corporate and
political overlords and so oh yeah that
was one thing that would protect
consumers from big banks oh sorry
I found protecting consumers to be
unconstitutional on
other hand he finds a constitutional
their corporations are human beings and
have all the constitutional rights that
we do like citizens that is not absurd
to him but consumers being protected
absurd unconstitutional all right how
about privacy the gun he said this is a
quote from him the government's met
metadata collection program is entirely
consistent with the Fourth Amendment
where they collect data on you without
having probable cause without it without
any reasonable grounds for a search or
seizure they collect data on all of us
that's why it's called metadata he's
like yeah I'm in favor the plain reading
of the Constitution except a Fourth
Amendment it clearly says you need a
warrant ah here's the Fourth Amendment I
rip it up who cares so you don't need a
war from now on what else would you like
powerful elites second amendment it says
that a well-regulated militia being
necessary well-regulated militia I
ripped that up I don't care about plain
reading what do you need you need guns
I'll give you guns you need to invade
people's privacy I'll let you invade
people's privacy you need to crush
consumers and make the bank's more
powerful and richer Brett Kavanaugh is
your guy that's why he was selected I'm
not done yet so last thing is so who's
gonna back him now is there a grassroots
movement yeah the Koch brothers with a
straight face say they're gonna do a
grassroots movement I'm not kidding
so listen this Americans for Prosperity
which is part of the Koch Network
announced plans to spend seven figures
on paid advertising and quote grassroots
engagement is supportive Cavanaugh's
confirmation there is no such thing as
spending millions of dollars to do
grassroots like the grassroots didn't
give it the Koch brothers gave it they
have a combined I believe eighty four
billion dollars well they have 84
billion apiece if it's some monstrous
number they're both both of the Koch
brothers in the top ten richest people
in the country and then they snicker
they're like we will do what do you
think should we say let's say a
grassroots sending the millions of
dollars we bought a Supreme Court pick
we bought a Supreme Court justice
they're going to say that corporations
are humans
they're gonna say that we have more
rights than American citizens they're
gonna say that us giving millions of
dollars including to this justice to
make sure that well not justice yet this
judge to make sure that he becomes a
Supreme Court justice well that looks
like bribery but don't worry when he's
on the Supreme Court he's gonna say it's
not bribery that what we paid for his
seat then it was perfectly kosher you
know who wrote the Citizens United case
Justice Anthony Kennedy and you know
what he said he said all those millions
of dollars given to politicians it
doesn't even give the appearance of
impropriety it doesn't even give the
appearance of a conflict of interest
like who would think that you spending
millions of dollars buys you something
no I'm sure that the Koch brothers are
doing now the goodness of their hunt and
they're not alone last one the GOP
aligned judicial crisis Network I don't
know if they're the ones that create the
judicial crisis I guess that's why they
named it that separately says it will
spend 1.4 million dollars on TV ads in
next week touting Cavanaugh in Alabama
Indiana North Dakota and West Virginia
though that is not a random collection
of states those are states where there
are Democratic senators up for
re-election and they are red states in
other words they're saying hey Democrats
you better surrender otherwise we're
gonna spend a ton of money against you
and remember money's just speech and us
conservatives and and corporations we
need to spend unlimited amount of money
bribing people making sure we defeat you
and and then we're gonna use that to put
more Supreme Court justices who say that
we're allowed to do that and there's no
appearance of any problem at all
bribery no we're just speaking now the
Kavanagh is a total utter political hack
and a tool for these corporations in the
rich now we're gonna see if they're
Democrats have the spine to fight back
and any wherewithal at all can they you
know they during the Obama years they
kept promising me the day they were
doing three-dimensional chess didn't we
got Trump as president man they couldn't
do two-dimensional checkers but hey I
hope they can I hope they can I'm
rooting for them let's see if you can
block Cavanaugh I want you to
block him under any and all
circumstances just like they did to
Obama's pick but God help us if we're
relying on the Democrats to stop this
guy but I want you to know what he's
actually about and that's what he's
about by the way you want to get money
out of politics wolf dash pack.com and
we end all the bribery whether it's from
corporations whether it's from any group
I don't care if it's from Bloomberg or
Soros or Koch brothers we end all the
bribery wolf dash pack.com so and you
say well well you do go above the
Supreme Court that's exactly what we're
gonna do the only thing about the
Supreme Court in American government is
an amendment you go to the Constitution
and get an amendment to get money out of
politics otherwise all you're gonna have
is wall to wall corruption two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
