Jordan Peterson was an unknown
psychologist from Canada just a few
years ago but he became a public figure
in 2016 when he launched a three-part
video series on YouTube to protest a new
law in Canada which amended the
country's Human Rights Act to include
protections for the transgender
community the bill added gender identity
or expression to the list of prohibited
grounds of discrimination or hate
propaganda evidence that an offense was
motivated by bias prejudice or hate
based on a person's gender identity
could even be considered for criminal
sentencing Peterson worried that he
would be prosecuted for refusing to
refer to a trans individual by their
desired pronoun controversy and protests
ensued while Peterson became a
celebrated warrior of free speech on the
right now his live lectures sell out and
his YouTube videos often get millions of
views I've been quietly following
Peterson's work reserving judgment and
avoiding mainstream media narratives
with the intention of keeping an open
mind I don't agree with his thoughts on
the trans community at all but I do
believe in protecting free speech even
if that speech is interpreted as hateful
so here are my nuanced thoughts on
Peterson which will definitely upset
some of my viewers along with his but I
asked you to remain open-minded as you
watch this we should feel comfortable
talking about and debating ideas that
don't mesh with our own Peterson gets
one thing right he has managed to
address a generation of economically
frustrated men who keep getting told
that they're privileged compared to
other historically disenfranchised
groups and I get it Peterson isn't wrong
in acknowledging their frustrations
because statistically speaking men have
been falling behind both educationally
and financially the National Bureau of
Economic Research found that since 1980
the probability of college-educated men
working in a cognitive or high wage
occupation has fallen in 1980 66% of
college-educated men worked in these
jobs by 2000 the number had fallen to
63% and the number continues to dwindle
the same trend is noticeable in
manufacturing jobs that have been lost
to automation and outsourcing in 1990 20
1.8 percent of men had manufacturing
jobs by
2007 that numbers shrunk to 14.1% men
have also fallen behind in higher
education according to the Atlantic some
2.2 million fewer men than women were
enrolled in college in 2017 and that's
according to data from the US Department
of Education keep in mind that wages
have remained stagnant and men without a
higher education or a career are less
likely to find a partner and get married
this leads to a lot of anger that people
like Trump tapped into so in response to
all of this
Peterson wrote a book and gives lectures
on how men can better themselves he
generally emphasizes the pick-me-up I
pick yourself up by the bootstraps
rhetoric the problem is is that you have
to face what you don't want to face in
order to fix it yeah and so you look at
all the things about yourself that need
to be burned off that need to be
dispensed with
and that man especially at the beginning
especially if you're screwed up that
maybe like 95% of you just has to go up
in flames and it's painful even some of
that stuff that you have to burn off
doesn't want to die and it'll scream in
agony while you're burning it off it's
not pleasant but if you know that you're
the thing that can transcend your
problems most fundamentally if you know
you're the thing that if it faces the
problems can transcend them then you
have the faith that would enable you to
take stock of who you are look I
appreciate that Peterson wants to
empower men or people in general to
better themselves during his recent
appearance on Joe Rogan's podcast he got
pretty emotional just thinking about it
but I do have some critiques about
Peterson's approach and how inconsistent
his ideology is when he begins to talk
about culturally enforced monogamy when
it comes to wealth inequality Peterson
admits it's a problem that he doesn't
have a solution for but he consistently
mentions his disdain for the equality of
outcome we have this idea promulgated
primarily by the ignorant left I would
say that you can you can you can place
the responsible for responsibility for
hierarchy and inequality at the feet of
Western civilization and capitalism okay
that's wrong it's not just a little bit
wrong it's unbelievably wrong and it's
actually wrong in a way that's
counterproductive
the aims of the left because there are
terrible things about hierarchy and
inequality I mean the the problem with
hierarchy is that it produces inequality
and the problem with inequality is that
people tend to stack up at zero right
you get people who fall out of society
they stack up at zero and they can't get
away from the bottom and then they get
angry and they get hostile and the whole
society becomes destabilized plus
there's all the suffering that goes
along with that kind of unequal
distribution of resources and the left
the left points to that and says well
this isn't good we should do something
about it's like fair enough but then
they take the next step and they say
well it's a it's a it's a unique side
effect of Western civilization and
capitalism it's like no it's not the
ideas on the Left have this appeal to
universalism that makes them credible
and attractive especially to people who
are compassionate but there is a line
well I'm suggesting that the line is
crossed when we start talking about
equality of outcome I'd agree with
Peterson 100% if his interpretation of
the left was accurate while there may be
some who think we should demolish our
current system and demand equality of
outcome is certainly not representative
of what most progressives want I
personally love capitalism but hate the
corrupt crony capitalism that's
practiced in America today a successful
economy typically has a healthy mix of
private companies and public programs
for instance there shouldn't be a profit
motive behind criminalizing nonviolent
behavior which is what private prisons
do as a result the u.s. imprisons more
people per capita than any country of
the world profits shouldn't take
priority over medical treatment which is
what we have with private insurance
companies at the same time I don't want
the government manufacturing my clothing
or any other materialistic thing I enjoy
as a consumer let's leave that up to
private companies the left isn't pushing
for equality of outcome but it is
pushing for equality of opportunities
there was a time in america when
antitrust laws prevented massive
corporate mergers and monopolies those
very mergers that frequently happen
today allow for corporations to shed
jobs as they consolidate there was also
a time when getting an education didn't
mean digging yourself into a massive
inescapable financial hole and even if
you hit the genetic jackpot come from a
solid middle-class family and work
incredibly hard toward a successful
career it can all vanish in a heartbeat
if you're injured from a horrible
accident or become ill wanting to find
solutions to these issues doesn't make
someone a murderous Marxist I also don't
believe it's anti-capitalist to demand
that the richest Americans just pay
their fair share of taxes why should the
middle class pay a higher percentage
than multibillion-dollar corporations
while Peterson is clear in his objection
to the Equality of economic outcome
he's simultaneously supportive of
equality of intimacy here he's a strong
supporter of monogamy which is cool I
like monogamy but his reasoning for
supporting monogamy actually contradicts
his ideology on economic issues society
seemed to function better that is less
violently let's say when there's one
woman per man if there's many women per
man there aren't many women for every
man there are a handful of men let's say
a minority of men a Pareto distribution
of men who have a disproportionate
number of women and a lot of men who
have none and those aren't happy men
let's put it that way they're men who
are very likely to get up to no good
very rapidly okay so just to make sure
we're following Peterson's logic on
monogamy women like money tend to be a
limited resource it's dangerous for an
attractive man to sleep with multiple
women because he's essentially hoarding
a limited resource much like how the top
1% hoard the wealth in America
Peterson literally uses the word
inequality in his argument against
polyamory polyamory it's wrong it's
wrong it makes men violent it increases
inequality ok so luckily Joe Rogan asked
Peterson to clarify this inconsistency
you see this happening in universities
where women outnumber men
so the man hypothetically have more
sexual opportunity but that isn't what
happens what happens is that a small
minority of men have all the sexual
opportunity a fairly large minority of
men don't why is enforce bonaga me the
solution for people that are involuntary
celibates well it's the solution to them
it's the solution to the relationship
between men and women fundamentally is
monogamous men are unattractive if these
men to them but if these men are
unattractive to women I don't mean just
physically unattractive me women aren't
seeking them as mates hmm they need to
become men yes they certainly do this is
the solution absolutely we both agree on
this yes what they need to do that in
this society where monogamy is the
social norm but is social norm anyway
well that was partly my point although
to the degree that we deviate from that
we tilt towards a more violent society I
was making a very minor point I don't
think they're related quite honestly I
know I don't think that involuntary
celibates I don't think that having
enforced monogamy as a part of our
cultural norm is gonna help those people
it does how's it gonna help them well
because what happens is if a polygamous
society develops which is the
alternative then a small minority of men
get all the women that's what happens
okay that's the only point I was making
Peterson and Rogan had a lengthy
conversation about this topic and we
only had a chance to show you the heart
of it but I do recommend watching the
full podcast which aired about a week
ago overall I think it's interesting and
healthy to examine how people think even
if it makes us uncomfortable and that
exchange definitely made me
uncomfortable here people out again I
don't agree with Peterson on a wide
range of social issues including his
reasoning behind monogamy I like
monogamy just not his reasoning behind
it also Peterson regularly shares his
frustration about how the media and the
left unfairly characterized him as
something he's not alright I hear him on
that because I've experienced it myself
but I do think it's important for him to
consider how he spreads inaccurate
characterizations of people on the left
which is what he did when he claimed
that we all want equality of outcome
that is not the case
hey everyone I hope you enjoyed my show
no filter and I actually film it every
single Monday at 1:30 Pacific 4:30
Eastern so you can check it out live on
YouTube TV just search for TYT networks
youtube TV channel or you can check it
out in podcast form on itunes later
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to check me out on no filter
