the Trump administration has decided to
freeze billions of dollars in Obamacare
payments to private insurance companies
now I want to be completely clear about
where the funding for these payments
comes from it comes from the insurance
programs themselves it's essentially an
insurance program for insurance programs
and the whole point is to help private
insurers who might have increased costs
due to sick patients so it's not funded
by tax payers the so-called risk
adjustment payments are supposed to
protect insurers from big losses the
health plans pay into a pool this
doesn't involve tax dollars and funds
are transferred to insurers that end up
with many high-cost patients so in 2017
ten point four billion dollars was
involved okay so this is a way of
ensuring that costs are low for
consumers that premiums are low and if
you get rid of this insurance program
for insurers then it's likely that
they'll pass on the cost to consumers
who are buying their programs so this
action according to the Blue Cross Blue
Shield Association CEO will
significantly increase 2019 premiums for
millions of individuals and small
business owners and can result in far
fewer health plan choices it will
undermine Americans access to affordable
coverage particularly those who need
medical care the most and so again the
Trump administration just decided
unilaterally we're gonna freeze the
payments to these insurers we're gonna
continue dismantling the Affordable Care
Act unilaterally by the way behind the
scenes and it will negatively impact the
cost that all of us pay for insurance
yeah I'm going to I know this is gonna
be a little bit of a weird twist but I
partly blamed the Obama administration
let me explain okay so first off this is
an explained oh I just got a double down
on it
it's the this is between the insurance
companies and it might turn out that
some of the policies wind up having
at risk patients and pay more so they're
basically doing Insurance within
insurance right and there you're saying
okay if you guys got stuck with the the
more sick patients we're gonna
compensate you for it right so it's not
tax payer money and and what Trump has
done is hijacked their money and they
say okay no we're not gonna let you do
that rationale thing that was part of
the Affordable Care Act where you guys
decide amongst yourselves how to
apportion I'm gonna interfere in that
and I'm gonna just not give you the
money that that I collected on your
behalf
I'm just not gonna give it to you so
maybe then this destroys the marketplace
because now you can't trust the
government to do what it promised to do
so then you will draw from the Obamacare
marketplace and I'll get to destroy it
by just not delivering by and by the way
this is Trump 101 well he makes why did
he have six bankruptcies because he said
oh I'll give you this and this and this
and then then decided no I'm not gonna
give it to you I'm just not gonna give
it to you it's your money and I'm not
gonna give it to you I'm gonna go into
bankruptcy and say that it was a smart
business move in this case it's the
insurance company's money but haha
you're an idiot you trusted the US
government and the US government is not
run by a pathological liar so I'm going
to keep your money from you until I
destroy the market so that's situation
right so why obama why am i blaming
obama well a little bit so what did we
do in the ron deal now the ron deal at
the end i tell you all the time it
turned out to be a great great deal for
us right but the manner in which we did
it was we hijacked iran's money and we
got the rest of the world powers to say
let's freeze the assets of iran all
across the world and keep their money as
hostage right and if they gave up their
nuclear program we'll give them their
money back it was never our money right
and and it worked and iran ended their
nuclear program and we gave them their
money back that we had hijacked right
until of course Trump came in and also
ripped up that deal oh yeah
right but this idea of just keeping
money that isn't yours well in the Iran
deal that was an Obama administration
idea in this case this is a Trump idea
of saying yeah sure I don't care that
it's not taxpayer money I don't care
that I have no right to it
I don't care that the government is
squelching on a promise that was made
yeah I'm gonna keep your money until you
do what I tell you which is break these
markets where are the people who argue
that big government would be a complete
and utter disaster are they angry at
Trump for doing this by the way it's
gonna negatively impact every single
person in the country who buys insurance
our premiums are gonna go up because of
what he's doing he is so hell-bent on
dismantling and undoing anything that
Obama accomplished during his presidency
that he will negatively impact his own
supporters the American people just in
order to you know go against Obama
because he views things in wins and
losses so the fact that he hasn't been
able to destroy Obamacare yet he uses
the loss and if Obamacare is destroyed
in your health care is way worse he's
he's gonna consider that a victory for
himself but it's not gonna be I mean
look who knows maybe he is very
effective at spin spinning things to his
advantage but when premiums start to
rise in 2019 supercluster your
administration are you gonna turn around
and blame Obama yes yes he absolutely is
I'm sure he I'm sure he will but really
like his isn't is that gonna be
effective you've been president at that
point for nearly three years I know but
he does know no this one look I'll say I
usually take the other stance that at
some point some Kansas moms are gonna
wake up and go wait things didn't turn
out the way we was supposed to right but
in this case this one's easy for the
Trump team it's a win-win for them Amy
you lose cuz your premiums go up but
they don't they never cared about you in
the first place so they're like if I
destroy Obamacare I get to say I told
you or destroy Obamacare
I don't destroyed it it's a big win for
me it's a big win and then when the
premiums go up there you go ha ha you
see that it was because of Obamacare
it's because of Obamacare it's damned
Obama's fault like vultures
nothing matters I mean the things that
are happening in this administration set
a tone and set the precedent for future
administrations whether it's a
Republican or a Democrat in office doing
things unilaterally like this just means
that the the system of checks and
balances is completely irrelevant it
just is it just is
I mean maybe the Supreme Court still has
some clout but where the hell is
Congress where is Congress whether
you're a Democrat or a Republican you
should be outraged at what Trump is
doing unilaterally he is dismantling a
major policy on his own yeah the guys
who complained that Obama was using too
many executive orders they're missing in
action no one can find them it shocking
to find out the Republicans never cared
about any principle or ideology all they
care about is what's in it for me two
easy ways for Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
