there have been multiple US army
military members who have been
discharged with no explanation and these
are specifically individuals who are
immigrants to the United States who
agreed to participate in a program that
would lead them toward citizenship if
they serve in the military now
all of a sudden a bunch of them about 40
according to the Associated Press have
been discharged with absolutely no
reasoning behind it let me give you some
more of this reporting immigration
attorneys say they know of more than 40
people who have been discharged or whose
status has become questionable
jeopardizing their futures
those who pressed for answers you know
to figure out what's going on with these
discharges said the army inform them
that they've been labeled as security
risks because they have relatives abroad
or because the Defense Department had
not completed background checks on them
and so now the argument is we have now
done these background checks and we have
determined that you are a security risk
but as you're about to see from one
lawyer actually one person who helped
craft this program the background checks
don't really indicate that they've ever
done anything wrong take a look one case
where I actually got the report on the
individual there was nothing suspicious
in the report it said that he had an
American flag on his telephone his cell
phone they thought that was suspicious
and he had an army bumper sticker on his
car and they had reported that as being
suspicious also it's highly suspicious
because these are individuals who are in
the country legally they listed in the
army a long time ago they've been
cooperating with their background checks
and then all of a sudden you know this
week the army decides they're just
suddenly all national security threats
and they're gonna discharge them it
appears to me that what's going on is
the army got tired of spending resources
processing the background checks that
they were ordered to do so they've come
up with a specious excuse for kicking
everybody out
well these individuals
we heard their families who have you
hurt but more importantly national
Security's gonna be hurt and these are
some of the most highly qualified
recruits that the Army's been able to
enlist in recent years so it's gonna
hurt national security to cancel all
their contracts and kick them out one of
the individuals who told me he was just
notified that he failed his background
check has been and white invited to the
White House on numerous occasions and
then met with the White House chief of
staff so he apparently cleared all the
background checks necessary to go see
the president at the White House but
he's not good enough to serve in the
United States Army so that was
Margaret's talk she's an Alaska based
immigration attorney and retired Army
Reserve lieutenant-colonel she helped
create this program and the program was
actually created before the Obama
administration with the intention of
recruiting highly qualified members of
the military skoda graphic five the
service members affected by the recent
discharges all enlisted in recent years
under a special program aimed at
bringing medical specialists and fluent
speakers of 44 sought-after languages
into the military and so later when
Obama came to office he wanted to have a
program for daca recipients and he
realized well this is a good way to do
it because some of these immigrants are
highly qualified they have been serving
in the military and this could be a
pathway to citizenship for people who
could be protected under daca status
right and conservatives hated that and
so the Trump administration I believe
this is my interpretation behind the
scenes is quietly discharging these
people because they just don't like
immigrants it doesn't matter if they're
serving in the military doesn't matter
if they are not actually a national
security risk they want to get rid of
immigrants and it's even happening in
our military okay I think she was right
about everything and I'm gonna back up
what she's saying here with some even
more facts but I don't think she was
harsh enough she said well it's probably
because they don't want to pay the money
that it would take to do background
checks no it has to do with the Trump
administration's war against brown
people yes immigrants largely because
they think they won't
for Republicans and partly because
they're just flat-out racist and they
want to protect a white nationalist
state in their mind okay so why do I say
that in this context well there is data
showing that immigrant recruits
outperform their fellow soldiers in the
areas of attrition performance overall
education and promotions so it's been
tested they outperform in every category
and that's based on data from the RAND
Corporation and the RAND Corporation
ain't nobody's liberals okay and so they
collected data from the military itself
and show that these are excellent
recruits in fact in 2012 sergeant's are
all shrestha who was originally from
Nepal was named the US Army soldier of
the year so a lot of them have a ton of
medals and accommodations and awards and
but do we have enough data have we done
this enough to know well since September
11th the Armed Forces have had 110,000
members that started out as immigrants
who are not citizens they served in the
US military and so they have tremendous
data on this and it shows that they have
been excellent recruits has there been
any cases or a number of cases a lot of
cases where all my god they come in but
they turns out they were double agents
and not that we know of that of
immigrants in this category and if
you're wondering wait how does this make
sense how could these are all people who
have never broken the law including
coming into the country illegally but
they don't have citizenship the reason
is there's a lot of ways that you can
come here and be here legally without
citizenship so for example a lot of them
have student visas and at some point
while they're going to college here go
you know what I love this country and
I'm going to serve in the military I'm
gonna risk my life to serve and to
protect in the United States Armed
Forces and a lot of them have died in
that service okay
you're joining the military ain't no
joke we got non-stop Wars going on right
so and so that would be one way that you
do it and now with
the dreamers that's the second way that
you can do it there's a couple of other
ways but these are all people who follow
the law one guy who was from Iran said
two things said one I did everything
honorably and legally like they told me
to and I was so proud of it but they
kicked me out anyway and he's like and I
can't give my name another K guy from
Pakistan said the same thing he was in
tears he's like I love this country so
much and he said the Pakistani recruit
said I was devastated because I loved
the US and was so honored to be able to
serve this great country makiura t risk
you know look at the evidence that they
had against them they had the American
phone on their American flag on their
phone how is that a big evidence against
them they had our army bumper sticker on
their car that's because they're in the
army how's that evidence against them no
no these are all lies these are
perfectly good recruits there's no
reason to believe their national
security concerns and they have been
outstanding in the past over all right
why all of a sudden they're kicking out
all the immigrants from the army because
they don't want to get citizenship
because they think they're gonna vote
Democratic and they don't like
immigrants they don't like foreigners
they just don't and that is not just
Donald Trump it's almost the entirety of
the Republican Party so just call it
what it is I want it yes and I want the
Republican Party to call it what it is
because what they keep pointing to is
people breaking the law if you want to
come to the United States you got to do
it the legal way if you just do it the
legal way we'll leave you alone right
we're not gonna try to deport you if you
do it the legal route but even if you
pursue citizenship the legal way under
the Trump administration the country
will turn its back on you and you will
get deported even if you serve in the
military and risk your life for the
country alright last thing on it look it
is fair to say Republicans in the past
have not been like this george w bush
started the program okay but right now
Trump is clearly headed in this
direction
eighty percent of Republican voters go
god bless you keep going in that
direction so you have to be accountable
for your actions and these are the
actions of not just Donald Trump but all
the Republican voters who back them now
along those lines in one of the cases
they had all this overwhelming evidence
that the guy was super patriotic and he
had told all of his friends abroad and
family members etc how Great America is
they received that evidence and used it
against them how like you see that he
knows all these people outside the
country yeah of course he's an immigrant
he's by definition from outside the
country he came here professed his love
they used evidence of that love of
country of this country against him you
know what does that show you they don't
care about the facts all they care at is
care about is get the brown people out
get him out get him out get him out get
all the immigrants Muslims Latinos get
him out no they're gonna vote Democratic
one day plus we ever liked them in the
first place get him out that's who these
people are and yes this program to kick
out immigrants from the armed forces who
are here to to actually protect us and
are willing to lay down their lives for
it that this program kicking them out is
deeply racist two easy ways following
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
