I remember bringing that up on the show
I remember you bringing that up on the
show and getting a lot of pushback from
some people on the Left who felt like it
was a fear mongering tactic but it
really wasn't
I mean look fear-mongering is utilized
in politics all the time I totally
acknowledge that but in the case of a
Supreme Court nomination and in Trump's
case two Supreme Court nominations it's
very serious and it has lasting
implications so we're not even two years
in yeah you don't know that he's done
with Supreme Court justices I warned
about that in the in the video where I
said why you should vote for Hillary
Clinton in the general election and
sorry but I gotta say it I was right
again right and it's a really really
serious matter and but we come at it
from a totally different perspective
we're not in the corporate camp they're
like oh Merrick garland what a nice
scent the right pick but good enough no
I hated the Merrick garland pick he had
voted in favor of citizens united it was
a terrible terrible pick right but
better than Neal Gorsuch and better than
whoever this guy is gonna be a six at
9:00 o'clock Eastern right all right
let's keep going
all right recent reports indicate that
talks with US officials and North Korean
North Korean officials are starting to
deteriorate deteriorate quite a bit now
Mike Pompeo has spent some time in North
Korea speaking to North Korean officials
and some of the reporting indicates that
North Korea is not happy with demands to
denuclearize okay so North Korean
officials say that the u.s. betrayed the
spirit of last month's summit between
Trump and Kim by making quote one-sided
and Rober like demands on complete
verifiable and irreversible
denuclearization of North Korea I told
you guys I mean all you had to do was
watch the reporting in North Korea which
of course is controlled by the state
which indicated that they were gonna get
all of these concessions from the United
States and then maybe they would
denuclearize there was no real
indication that North Korea was going to
give the United States everything that
it wanted now
by them one is how untrustworthy North
Korea leadership is and they have been
throughout our entire lifetime so none
of this is surprising except to
apparently Donald Trump which we'll get
to next but they now say North Korea
does it is accusing Washington of trying
to unilaterally pressure the country
into abandoning its nukes yeah that was
the whole point so and it's not
unilateral the whole point it was you
guys get together and we were clear we
want you to not have nukes
that's the whole point of the talks and
then North Korea comes out of the talks
and goes I can't believe they're gonna
try to get us to stop having news well
what did you think it was about right
now would that brings us to the second
point about Trump where Trump came out
of the summit and he announced that the
returns of the remains of some of our
fallen soldiers are in the Korean War
and the destruction of a missile
facility at North Korea had had already
been completed or were in progress now
of course you're not gonna be surprised
to find out that neither one of those
things is true and Mike Pompeo are now
saying yeah no they haven't returned any
of the soldiers and they have not even
taken out one break from any facility
yeah they continued their nuclear
program which we reported on a couple
weeks ago hey business as usual nothing
changed by the way even these
concessions that North Korea is talking
about are illusory so look the fallen
soldiers remains Trump said oh the
family member the parents he said
literally specifically the parents had
been asking me for those returns I did I
did the math for you guys on one of the
shows the parents would be at best a
hundred and eight years old fallen
soldiers in Korea I'm glad they found
the energy to go speak to trump right
yeah it's a total line nobody's asking
for that the reason that that's involved
in the negotiations is because it's easy
for North Korea
dig up some graves put the send them
over who cares it doesn't affect anybody
it doesn't matter at all right and then
the second one is oh we'll get rid of a
facility as we told you on the show
yesterday then that's not the main
facility they're building the other
facilities we're doing there
they're doing the nukes so it's actually
you it's two nothing burgers and they
didn't even do that
but since Trump's an idiot and gave us o
do destroying your facilities and we had
the soldiers and it's nearly complete
they're like great now we don't have to
do anything cuz the schmuck already said
that he got what he wanted right he gave
away the one real bargaining chip he had
right after the summit or as the summit
was was happening right these joint
military exercises with South Korea
they're their war games they're
provocative essentially spewing North
Korea's propaganda and talking points
for them so again you might agree with
Trump on that you might agree that those
are provocative war games that we should
end but at the end of the day it is a
bargaining chip and you use that
bargaining chip to get what you want
from North Korea which is
denuclearization and that is not how
Trump handled it look my concern was
while it's great that Trump is finally
approaching this diplomatically it could
end even worse if they engage in these
diplomatic talks and thin-skinned Trump
doesn't get exactly what he wants how he
wants it and then throws a temper
tantrum that is what I'm fearful about
especially if he doesn't understand
anything so if he thought that they had
promised complete denuclearization which
they hadn't and today he's doing the
tweets about oh we had a handshake most
importantly we had a handshake no that's
not most important that's the least
important you really think you're gonna
do international for diplomacy based on
a handshake what are you a child No
verifying that they're actually
following through other agreements is
the most important thing not your stupid
tiny handshake and you also have to
couple that with a pinky promise thank
you sir I know right and no double jinx
okay we have a child for a president so
Sisi doesn't understand any of how to
how to verify or do any of those things
if he finds out finds out that they
aren't actually not denuclearizing he
could go nuclear and go Oh believe it
they betrayed their promises and then
somebody's gonna tell him no mr.
president they actually didn't promise
you made a terrible deal but they can't
tell Trump that so God knows what
happens thanks so let me quote Politico
here they said the two sides have been
struggling to specify what exactly
denuclearization would entail and how it
could be verified to the satisfaction of
the United States of course that's
exactly what we told you we said look
the whole thing is what is the new blue
ization mean and how do you verify it
but Trump came out it's like we don't
have to worry about any of that I go to
head shake a good handshake and if
you're stupid you got well I guess you
go to handshake
right but if you're a smart rational
person you realize that Devils in the
details and we got nothing and in fact
that could lead to more conflict not
less conflict yeah and again that is
genuinely what I'm most concerned about
because while diplomacy is fantastic
it's fantastic when you have a competent
leader handling it and that is not what
we have with Donald Trump now just to
give you the exact tweet that Jake keeps
mentioning regarding the handshake
Donald Trump said the following I have
confidence that Kim jong-eun confidence
that Kim jong-un will honor the contract
we signed and even more importantly our
handshake
we agreed to the denuclearization of
North Korea China on the other hand may
be exerting negative pressure on a deal
because of our posture on Chinese trade
hope not
okay first of all his reliance on a
stupid handshake is unreal okay grow up
for God's sake rub I say that after I
made a goofy joke like that anyway but
the second part is equally important now
I have to admit to making a slight
mistake here too
because Donald Trump that has a
so-called summit then he searched these
massive tariffs against China and I
thought for a second that oh I guess
that he doesn't need China for the deal
anymore so that's why he's now moving on
to the tariffs knucklehead
no that would involve thinking one step
ahead of course Trump didn't think one
step ahead so what happened instead he's
like okay we
North Korea's done let's do the tariffs
on China and China he might be right
about the part where China's like mmm No
Deal then right and and then he's like
oh my god it turns out Chinese a big
deal in North Korea and that they're mad
about the tariffs what didn't anybody
tell everybody told you two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
