today Donald Trump's international trade
war has entered its next phase with big
tariffs going into effect between the US
and China actually being enacted on both
sides so this is a statement actually
from the Chinese Chinese authorities
that said that these new trade
regulations imposed by the Trump
administration which amount to a 25%
tariff on 34 billion dollars worth of
Chinese imports have quote violated WTO
rules and launched the largest trade war
in economic history to date we don't
know for sure if it will actually be the
largest in history but while that is the
Chinese point of view it also might well
end up just being what actually happens
so we enacted those tariffs Chinese
authorities quickly retaliated with
equivalent tariffs on 34 billion dollars
worth of imported u.s. goods
previously promised as ranging from
vehicles to soybeans beef and other
agricultural products and in particular
China seemed eager to do these tariffs
in a way that would affect Trump's
supporting States more than others and
so we've been talking about the various
promises that have gone back and forth
from Chinese and US leadership for a
while but now a big set of tariffs have
actually gone into effect but that's not
the end we're gonna have some more
information for you as well as we step
into this new phase I just hate this
feeling that Trump has talked about
doing something and how he's gonna
rattle a saber and now he's done it and
you know I particularly hate the feeling
of knowing that he's in charge during
all these moments because he has this
narrative of being this businessman
who's able to negotiate great deals but
I really haven't seen any of it and I do
believe that he believes in himself but
I do not believe that he has the ability
to really navigate these very difficult
complex waters appropriately I mean he's
been at a bunch of different industries
a bunch of random different industries
but nothing on the level of
manufacturing anything more than me
he's just been on branding like throwing
his name on it but in terms of like
supply chains that rely on raw resources
from different countries at different
levels at different levels of
manufacture I just don't have any
confidence that he can really deliver
this trade war victory if they're ever
in the history of the world has been
great because he also he also has to
know what that trade war of victory is
what are those numbers also the fact
that a trade war in the first place is
something and there's no definitive line
it just kind of starts happening and
people are affected by which people
already are businesses already are now
the people in these states that are
Trump voting states aren't gonna feel it
right away right now which is a little
bit of his buffer so the thing is this
get worse because now he's gonna promise
larger ones and then so when the
retaliatory tariffs come back to us then
he's gonna double down again because
it's not enough yet they haven't couch
out to his demands yet so once that
happens then he thinks he's winning
something but the thing is we've
participated in the world and
international trade and where goods are
crossed over between different countries
that's what it works obviously so the
ones companies have to then take up for
the higher costs then they put it to
consumers that just doesn't happen right
away jobs get changed now that's already
happened there's been lowered on hours
for many workers it's with the steel
tariffs did happen right now so that's
the first effective part so people have
to their prices on things have to start
going up and their jobs have to actually
be lost first he's I think I don't think
he's consciously thinking this he's
hoping he being a person would think
about this
it's hoping that he can do this in the
short term and then the people will
bucco early so there's no actual thing
is felt yet that would be a win for him
but that doesn't seem to be on the
horizon especially he's promising more
so just the people worried about what
could happen is where things could
change I mean markets and things like
that and people's businesses moving over
with Harley Davidson he's fighting with
now he thinks that's just a way to go
about everything that's what's so weird
is he's like fighting with Harley
Davidson now this like it's if he's like
this expert messenger the like icon of
American open roads Manship is something
he's locked in this debate against and
now his base has to make the decision
what do they like more Trump or
motorcycles and
and that's the thing where it's like
maybe that will be the breakdown that
opens some leeway for people that are
against Trump to kind of go through and
message to those key voters who end up
living in places like Wisconsin Michigan
Ohio Pennsylvania yeah I haven't already
been there before the where people are
kind of voting against the greater good
of them folks yes there I was when you
ain't great I was like not even great
just directly themselves yeah
when it comes to certain jobs or
industries they're still there at the
bottom hanging on by a thread they're
all losing their jobs and certain
industries and being like but he knows
what he's doing well what I would have
if I did sorry totally
for a long time but I would have
expected that some of the symbolic stuff
could have cut through that that okay
they will they'll vote for someone who's
doesn't have their economic interest at
heart they've been doing that for
literally decade after decade after
decade but Harley Davidson is supposed
to be this conservative iconic thing
about Americana open roads Manship as
you said but uh so jr. alluded to the
next set of tariffs that could
theoretically happen and we don't have
to wait to get at least some idea of
what it might look like because Donald
Trump has been talking about in the last
24 hours
hours before the deadline for the
tariffs were gonna take place is late
last night Donald Trump up the ante
warning that the US may ultimately
target over 500 billion dollars worth of
Chinese goods or roughly the total
amount of US imports from China last
year he would go higher except that that
doesn't actually that can't work because
we only bring in so much and to give you
an idea of of how little thought
actually goes into this he just pops
from idea to idea yesterday on Air Force
One he vowed to implement tariffs on an
additional 16 billion dollars worth of
imported Chinese goods within the month
so he's in one part was mine he's
thinking maybe half a billion dollars
maybe all of what you know our trade
with China and then randomly thinks at
16 billion dollars we do that for now
was it like blue collar jobs in America
need help right and I'm not again like
protectionist trade policies and some
version or another can make sense and
sometimes are necessary it is crazy that
the most protectionist person in the
world right now is a Republican
president and I don't know what the next
I just keep coming back to this idea of
like Trump's the one making these
decisions Trump's the one rattling his
saber this loudly and there are real
people's jobs at stake and he's
offsetting any potential gains that the
economy has been making right now
despite of because of who knows any
marginal already these these tax cuts
are not going to like actual workers
aren't going to actual people maybe
there's some in line with inflation
rising in your income but that's going
away with these specific types of
tariffs the Trump is just kind of
generally flout like shooting around and
it's whatever extra money you get
because of a healthy economy right now
you're going to lose because things like
you know your produce and the things you
buy on the regular basis are going to be
more expensive if there's there's other
aspects of this to that um that I that I
found out more I was part of the war
it's not always just based on the money
so even though there are perishable
goods like pork meats fruits things like
that that go through these customs these
these other countries can also delay
them keep them in their ports longer and
then they rot I mean this so that's the
thought of oh man the company's losing
those goods we don't that's um those are
goods and how much how many people in
the world itself need these things I
mean just perishable goods where you eat
you know and we're just letting it rot
because of one guy's ego and his ability
his desire to want to be the head honcho
and biggest badass of the world that's
all it's all he's thinking about so then
but then in the meantime food and
products like that just rot at ports
because of the retaliatory nature of
these things coming from states that
overwhelmingly support Donald Trump too
which is fascinating to me and then you
have Republican congressman coming out
against this because it affects the
people in their area but you almost knew
this was happening so is it too late to
be like okay I'm against this I saw
everyone against him say this wasn't a
good idea and I ignored that but now
don't be mad at me but I mean he talked
about these tariffs during the campaign
it was one of the things I guess it
wasn't sexy people didn't
but he talked about just blanket I think
he said 35% tariffs for all trade with
other countries he's targeted a little
bit more pretty much just against our
allies honestly but he'd been talking
about at that time and for the I guess
for the moderates who might be watching
or if there's some Trump supporters who
might be watching you might think that
we're reading this wrong the numbers
it'll work out in the end they'll
they'll they'll give up they'll
surrender and the deals will end up
being better a maybe that might work but
I also want you to understand that while
this is going on Donald Trump is trying
to win you over by implying that he is
being strong to China China has been
screwing all of us over they've been
cheating us and only he will stand up to
them but have they back chily been
screwing everyone over after all you
know that his products that he sells are
made in China Ivanka Trump who you love
her clothes are made in China and you
might think well that's been around for
a long time maybe now he's gonna you
know be more pro-american in what he
what he gets made and what he sells we
already found out that they've done they
begun ordering flags for his reelection
campaign that will be made in China at
the meantime he throws up new tariffs
are they hurting him no he's not trying
to sell buildings to China doesn't
affect his business directly at all but
for you if you're trying to sell goods
to China have fun with the new tariffs
they're putting on your goods coming in
and if you're trying to buy things
coming from China which is a significant
portion of what we bring in from other
countries you're now gonna pay more for
it so he can imply that he's got your
back but when it comes to dollars and
cents he's doing just fine as he makes
you hurt more and more month by month
I wonder one more small example because
there was companies I read through a
bunch of them that the things that
they're paying for in the first round of
this one particular company said they
kept jobs here cuz a lot of them leave
like the way Harley Davidson did this
particularly kept their jobs here the
West Bend company they had they paid
from 150,000 to 175,000 for more steel
and aluminum as a result of this they
said they kept their jobs here and the
head of the company said I almost feel
like we're being punished for that
because now you're paying more because
you said I'm going American I'm sticking
with the patriotic
approach to my country because that's
what Donald Trump always preaches but as
he does it he punishes those people
directly
so does he hear those things
number two there's an isolationist
approach this now you think other
countries can't start trading with each
other and eliminate our aspect of it
yeah I know America the biggest country
overall it's very necessary our products
and goods and trades are needed I get
that but after you've ruffled all of
this and thrown everything up in the air
there's gonna be new partnerships that
have been forged yep but how hard is
that to undo after you've made your
point
no one knows this better than China who
went into like isolation for a hundred
years and her coming out being like
alright we're ready to play and maybe
they're not so afraid to go a little bit
further that way and that's like China
looks at has been judging Trump based on
his actions recently and he said he's
this expert negotiator he goes over to
Pyongyang and they sign a treaty and
then nothing happens except like them
the building of nuclear facilities even
bigger afterwards and there's that plus
like what does try to have to wait two
years maybe something else will change
yeah you know and they have total
control of every facet of the economy
top to bottom and they can do way the
trunk and they have a multi-decade plan
that for us this is live or die this is
Trump either in potentially doubling how
long he's in office but you know
changing his term limit by a hundred
percent but for the current you know is
Xi Jinping it's just like it's another
twenty four months we'll see
if you thought that the tragic mass
murder of five journalists at the
Capitol Gazette last week would lead
Donald Trump to moderate his tone when
talking about journalists in the future
you must be new here
to American politics because that's not
happening so he had a rally yesterday
and of course he loves to talk about the
media and here is him doing just that
because I see it I see the way they're
right they're so damn dishonest because
some of the finest people I know are
journalists really hard to believe when
I say that I hate to say it but I have
to say but 75 percent of those people
are downright dishonest downright this
on their fake their faith they make the
sources up they don't exist in many
cases anytime you say you know I saw one
of them said 15 anonymous sources I
don't have 15 people in the light I may
forget it 15 anonymous sources have said
all sorts of stuff these are really bad
people so they're really bad be just
super fast the he doesn't 15 people
apparently his comms team has 40 people
so there's more than enough room for
those 15 of them sources I'm assuming he
means his comms team obviously in the
White House he's got hundreds of same
like part of a thought like I don't know
any abandoned is my second because he
realized how stupid that sounds
he's like even these videos won't by
this way but he ran with it the way he
abandoned it as if I'm not even gonna
finish this because do you already know
I know even I mean you could you go what
I'm saying I was like oh yeah what is it
cuz he's some of the anonymous sources
and I'm the source don't just have to
come from your communications department
they come from anyone aides of other
people in your cabinet they're in
meetings all the time there's tons of
people so yes that point that he
abandoned was that there's not 15 people
in the White House there's not 50 people
in the executive branch yeah there's not
enough for 15 people to be to actually
reveal anything is happening that
happens behind closed doors they could
be a source
Charles gasps Bruno tweeted just heard
POTUS to this rally complaining about
the use of anonymous sources for the
record he was one of mine over the years
and he used the claim that he used to
call in to radio stations and say his
name was John Barron and then talk about
how awesome Donald Trump is I guess
that's not technically anonymous it's a
made-up name but it's still kind of
underhanded but that is I think the
least troubling part about what he just
said
and part of it was he had that weird bit
in the middle where he said um some of
them are the finest people I know I hate
to say it I don't know why he hates to
say that but I realized when we talked
about the damage before I don't realize
what he was doing right there he said
they're awful awful people some of them
are fine I'm sure that's the way he
talked about Mexican rapists and
murderers back when he drove himself
into our lives two years ago or three
years ago that's what he thinks is the
clarity the clarifying effect but like I
mean I'm sure there's a few I know those
few and that's all that it really counts
but outside of that all the rest of them
are monsters they're animals they're
dogs there's this want to destroy your
life so follow me it's it works for this
kind of crowd I mean I can respect that
journalists are annoying to people in
power because you're supposed to hold
them accountable I can respect that but
it is weird
I got to weird a lot this is I'm in a
weird space in my life right now and he
spoke more negatively about journalism
then about racist in charlottesville yes
some people on both sides yeah because
he's the threat to him
is the media because the media's job is
to protect our sense of reality and
there's a lot that's messed up about the
media and it's pointed out a massive
general media mainstream media on this
network by and a lot but there are
specific examples there's specific
things that are pointed out it is not
this general sense of things moron say
bye water coolers of like to some of
them I'm sure fine
75% that's a number they are all stupid
and what's frustrating is he goes on TV
and says this in a place that is just
his base that's just his rally and it is
that little bit by bit growth of
insanity where you see him saying like
one thing might get a people to cheer
and people get used to cheering and he
says the next thing which is more insane
and you get to see more people cheering
the more insane thing and it just grows
and grows and it's just like when you
here's a group of people laughing across
the way and you're like oh it must be
funny over there you go and even if
they're insane people you're kind of
drawn in and a little curious and that's
what I'm afraid is happening yes media
in general every possible media outlet
out there it's not perfect but the
institution itself is important and
necessary especially in this country
especially right now you know we we
we're like reasonable people so we have
to keep saying things like obviously the
media has some problems so we've done
enough of that okay no screw him screw
Donald Trump he's trying to get
journalists killed that's what he's
doing I think Brooke you said that you
have a weird feeling from this I don't
have a weird feeling I have a sinking
dreadful feeling that he knows that less
than a week ago someone took a gun and
went into a newsroom and tried to kill
as many journalists as possible and less
than a week later he's telling his
gun-toting rabid fans they're very bad
people they lie to you purposefully
about the most important things
happening in this country they lie to
you about me your God and what are you
gonna do about very bad people he didn't
go back to saying enemy to people yet
but very bad people is pretty close he
knows exactly what he's doing there and
you can say that there's no direct link
between what he has said previously and
what happened at the Capitol Gazette but
he knows that there are people out there
who despised the media so much that they
want to see them killed some of them
write in to us on a daily basis and he
goes in front of his insane fans and
tries to get them to hate the media it's
like I said in tdr it's like a
two-minute hate in 1984 he's trying to
get them riled up in the target or the
exact journalists that we know are
already at threat of death in this
country it is beyond irresponsible it is
purposefully trying to stoke hatred and
possible violence against this group so
I mean once it happened with that would
think is that last week me as the last
week last Friday he went on and said
journalists like all Americans should be
free from the fear of being violently
attacked while doing the job and under
the pressure from all these
the politicians they also have to
remember they want to finally lowered
the flag to half-mast because he didn't
wanna do that because the actual isn't
care so every time he has these
condolences and worries and concerns and
the American people should come together
now I want to provide you comfort
thoughts and prayers every time it gives
any of those remember there's no
actionable policies or anything he has
obviously words after that one statement
he says that he leads gone done with
that line I can go back to being Who I
am and actually despise all these folks
because members is condolences after the
I'm in last three school shootings even
though there's one every week the
biggest ones which actually prompted
many students to come on parkland
everything right thoughts and prayers
condolences we need to come together I
can do this should never happen in
America what has he done about that
nothing the Vegas shooting Oh fasting
prayers I can't believe it's horrible
tap in our country nothing has been done
about that so after this latest one
thoughts and prayers condolences
Campbell he has happened he's out a week
later advocating the same type of
violence because he does not care so
next time it gives you those condolences
don't buy it you can straight up say it
like one of the survivors of this latest
of the Vegas that shooting she cursed on
air it was like you know I don't need
any more of it if that I don't need it
anymore approach it that way no and it's
sad where it's gotten there was a video
that BuzzFeed news put out of these two
kids outside our Trump rally and we
didn't have it with the but these two
like six-year-olds and they're asking
what and it's a BuzzFeed reporter asking
these two six-year-olds what do you
think about Trump's immigration policy
or something and what do you whatever it
was and they go
there's too many Mexicans we don't want
the Mexicans they're coming in they're
taking our jobs
they're overpopulating us they're
wearing Naga hats and they have Trump
shirts and they don't know what they're
saying of course neither neither do the
adults yes and the same thing but
they're being raised they believe the
same thing it's an elementary approach
and it's that's a big proof of that and
it's in
yes exactly um but yeah they don't know
what they're saying but um the little
brown kids who are in kindergarten with
them know what it feels like to hear
that yeah yeah I mean it's life-changing
it's devastating you can't wipe that out
you know for the rest of their lives
somebody's saying that your classmate
when you're sick saying that you could
go on and be a non racist and change his
life but that will always be a story in
your history there will always be
something that affected you that changed
you
that's the horrifying I haven't seen
that video I don't yeah yeah and I know
so Brett and I we've been having this
this ongoing conversation about
obviously you you're more vocal
obviously we both want future
conversations politically to be about
the issues and I have this fear that the
damage he's doing outside of the issues
makes it impossible to get to that and
one of the things is I I don't know how
quickly you can repair the damage done
to not like respect for the media or
whatever that's supposed to mean but
just accepting that generally the things
that are said in the media aren't
necessarily purposeful lies to you so
like when we in 2020 you want to have a
conversation about medicare-for-all and
we say hey you know there's this
analysis showing it'll actually save a
bunch of money results will be better
there's all these countries they don't
believe that any of that is remotely
true they don't believe facts they don't
believe the media nothing that's
reported is true that's my fear and
we're seeing it every day I mean he's
not gonna back off we don't get two
weeks out of a mass murder of
journalists in this country anymore I am
not so being a sort of patron still have
optimism that people want a positive
voice that cares about people and I
agree I do want the same thing if that
show if that continues I think that it
can win and I think we need to do that I
think we need to have someone say those
things and there there are people out
there that have potential to make that
happen
I think there's Trump fatigue but I
think people I mean it was a great thing
seeing Ocasio Cortes just list a bunch
of things she believes in because she
cares about people and that is so
refreshing and there's a lot of damage
being done every day it was horrifying
to see this video of these two kids I'm
afraid that in two weeks it's not gonna
be as horrifying to see stuff like that
in two months I'm not gonna notice it
but I think there are people out there
just
Trump pierced with this cynical
blabbering that's just rousing hate I
think if someone shows up that arouses
hope and the the optimistic spirit of
America then I think it can snap people
out of it and get us back on the right
track
if you were watching fox news in the
last 24 hours you definitely knew about
Donald Trump's rally so they spent the
day teasing the rally as they do I'm not
even to get to on them over that because
CNN's you know seven days before Town
Hall they've got a ticker on it but they
did tease it all day long and then they
aired it all one hour and 14 minutes of
the rally
played live on Fox News just a routine
campaign of rally
he's not even campaigning for anything
himself they played the whole thing
and according to IQ media a media
monitoring service the advertising value
of that hour and 14 minutes long play by
Fox News was 1.9 million dollars that
they handed to Donald Trump by playing
that and here's the thing that hour and
14 minutes ah that's that's not the
extent of it let's bring up this next
chart you see the media value of the
network's live coverage of Trump rallies
they've given 15 million dollars by
playing virtually every rally he does
over the past couple months they just
play it now we also theoretically could
have seen an MSNBC I mean I remember
seen and played a whole bunch of his
campaign rallies whether he was actually
at the podium or not during the last
campaign but for the past few months
this has been the Fox News show there's
no false equivalence here MSNBC played a
couple of minutes of it Fox News just
plays every every possible minute bring
up this next one they've played almost
eight hours of his rallies CNN has
played literally zero seconds eight
minutes on MSNBC over the course of the
past couple of months so like if there's
any conversation out there and perhaps
there isn't about whether Fox News is
state media it's done they are just a
free advertising service for Donald
Trump they've handed millions over to
him and like we criticize the media
during the last campaign they spent way
too much time just showing whatever he
was saying or whatever it looks like
some people have learned maybe they'll
forget that lesson when the next
presidential election comes around but
in the time between elections Fox News
is there they were the reliable source
they will give Donald Trump whatever he
needs including millions of dollars in
freebies found those few journalists in
the media that he said he's ok with
there are his friends that he's
reluctant to say
his they give him things it's all based
in the reciprocal thing we talk about
Maria Bartiromo
earlier this week who had salt maybe
Sunday she had the softball interview
with him and she's working on it you
work on on that on landing that that's a
that's a you know that's a it's a career
move so the whole time you know she's
coming on Fox and Friends
I mentioned this when it happened she
goes on Fox and Friends there were over
the past several months and and touts
the the witch-hunt that's going on with
the investigation and they leave Russia
I can't believe what the FBI's doing I
can't comb he's done to you and she's
just she's talking with the Fox and
Friends host but she's talking to Trump
be like you know have a show of my own
that once I land in your interview then
I get some kind of like I get a boost
and then the execs go good job that's
all the job is so she used to be a
thinking person that I think she started
with CNBC because she was a money person
and now she's handing software
interviews to me because that is the
career move so if you give him this he
gives you those exclusive venues back we
already know he doesn't talk to the
media at least on a one-on-one basis cuz
when he does for five minutes
he says seven things that are
devastating to a normal person but to
him is just bounces back off because
he's right even even a little bit of
access that the press pool had to Donald
Trump was on his way from the White
House to a one-on-one interview with Fox
& Friends
yeah and back yeah you so where did that
look like a reach out of wanting more
access or did I don't know it felt it
felt like she was his base in that
moment I yeah I think a lot of people
we're kind of pointing because it was a
lot of you're right no you're right
that's not what's happening yes exactly
they don't seem like sauce balling
because you want to maintain like out
like a lot of times what people complain
about the White House press corps in
general people who don't who don't do
that they say that you know you're still
there you're not all walk it out every
day when a big lie happens because you
need that access I understand that I but
this was different it looks different at
least it it's where it's gotten its how
easy it is to be it we're all gonna pot
boiling yeah yeah I mean with anybody in
power I think a lot of journalists media
figures will try to get them on and be
nice to them I mean in any kind of but
even what sports whatever even when it's
not changing people's lives that much
kneeling
then then suddenly it's a it's a deal oh
my god there there are some people who
believe that we are still in normal
times this is just a continuation of the
way things have been the economy the
same politics the same don't worry about
the norms don't worry about the media
don't worry about the tax and all that
stuff
but this is this is fundamentally
different like Fox News has been
right-wing obviously and they supported
george w bush especially during the war
not just fox news but all the networks
were glowing and praised and all that
but there wasn't specific programming
that was not just about him or in
support of him but to him it wasn't that
you all of your hosts appeared to be
competing with each other to get jobs in
his administration it would happen from
time to time but it's like the norm at
this point MSNBC i'm sure many of those
hosts probably loves barack obama but
there it was not this sort of
relationship this is fundamentally
different than the relationship between
the White House and the media has been
as long as I've been a part of this and
even before it's bizarre because now
we're at this space where if you tell
the truth
your left-wing media if you say hey no
this is a lie let me show you let me
show you why this is a lie we're gonna
bring up a very easy a clear graphic
show you why that is not true than your
left winger and that's it's everybody
it's Fox News versus everybody at this
point and it doesn't even matter if
that's what your intentions were if you
just tell the truth but it's not the
nicest thing you are against the
president which is never how this works
and I don't know how to get through to
his like base I feels like East Germany
I want to like fly over the flyover
States and drop leaflets
Trump's mar-a-lago has asked to hire 61
additional foreign workers using a visa
program you may remember H to be so
documents posted by the Department of
Labor on Thursday showed that the club
asked permission from the government to
hire 40 new servers and 21 new cooks
under the h-2b visa program which allows
companies to employ foreign workers or
legal immigrants on a temporary basis if
the business can't fill the spots with
qualified Americans last year at the
Department of Homeland Security and soon
after Trump properties re increase the
cap on h-2b visa quest requests approval
to hire dozens of workers now I know
what you're thinking this seems to
directly contradict of Trump's America
first
what is it policy or just a slogan big
slogan and it does it certainly does
since Trump declared his candidacy in
2015 Trump owned or branded businesses
have sought to employ more than 400
foreign guest workers under the HTTP
visa with the Mar Luongo club alone
accounting for at least 264 of those
workers so I think we can agree that
this does go against the American first
mentality so why is he doing this does
he not care he said that he tried very
very hard to hire Americans and they
just didn't work out and that's the
summer surge what's going on here it
goes back to that quote you just said he
said it could be quote very very hard
during Florida's busy fall in winter
months and he went on to say you know
why they're doing that they can't get
people George they can't get people who
are willing to sacrifice their holidays
you knew this slave to find people who
are very determined to provide for
themselves maybe their family maybe
escaped a terrible situation if it's you
know who else is going to sacrifice
their holiday people who have - right
yeah absolutely and you know what make
America great again bring back slavery
indentured servitude you know taking
advantage of I saw the wages you know
mark Marlow go is hot because their meat
is bad I mean we went we did that story
here there that because of the
temperature you know high temperatures
that the meat was they didn't pass
health code yeah but they went and got
immigrants
it's just it's just another just another
line in the book of hypocrisy of Donald
Trump and the fact that people believe
them at his word is what like I keep
saying over and over again are they
hypnotized
is there a serum that's in the walk
there's something and including pouring
in the water how is it that you yourself
can visibly you can you can spot the
lies any a child can say this guy keeps
contradicting himself here he said this
about abortion then he said this about
abortion she said this he said this it's
like on going and it's we're normalizing
it it's because it's this it's like a
trick I mean somehow the 1% or whatever
Donald Trump could his constituents are
his you know direct cronies
it's like convincing the working poor
that another group of working poor is
the reason why they're poor that's not
the reason why they're poor it's because
the people who set the wages and the
people who own the companies aren't
helping you they're not trickling down
like they said they would they're
reinvesting in themselves they're buying
back their own stock
use your brain it is obviously not them
it is the people who have made you think
this well I think also furthermore you
talk about like are they being
hypnotized like what's going on here I
think to a degree they are because
they're not this isn't being covered on
Fox News this isn't being talked about
they're not really holding they're not
holding his feet to the fire at all and
so it's it's a blind spot that perhaps
I'm and maybe this is willful maybe
being far too kind it's a blind spot
they don't even recognize they have you
know so they're they're watching the
rallies that Fox News is playing on all
on repeat and they're watching Fox and
Friends and they're watching other
conservative media outlets and so
they're missing the other side of what's
going on here and the other policies
that are in place I think that they just
they they do not know and if they do
know then they don't care because they
don't care that it doesn't get any more
clear than what you just said grace they
don't care and like we talked about
earlier these these Trump supporters are
so on the bandwagon they're so they're
so entrenched they're so gung-ho for
this do that did anything that is
dissent from that is a direct threat to
their apparently overall being and like
in that's a great point to grace that
it's not being covered so
that's why not my own but not my
backyard right if I don't see it if I
don't know what's happening then it's
not happening mm-hmm it just hits two
very ancient parts of the brain one of
which is tribalism people want to be in
the group people want to feel like
there's someone out there who has their
backs who thinks like them that
justifies their opinion on things and
then there's also the need to want easy
answers it is a much more complicated
answer and it is being obfuscated like
you said it's it's not something that
can just be easily picked up and
shoveled to you so you're just here
we're seeing like a willingness to
accept whatever answer you're given
instead of looking deeper for truth
seems like mass hysteria but the other
thing is that they're they're getting
their news from Fox News and most of the
people who support Donald Trump are not
gonna be at mar-a-lago they're not gonna
go there they're not gonna be a member
of that Country Club because they're too
busy trying to work and feed their
families but because they are getting
their information from the source that
is feeding them what they need to feed
them to keep them where they are this is
gonna continue to happen and those of us
who call ourselves activists we have to
openly go out and speak to those people
because those are the people that we
need to talk to no I think I think
that's an excellent point I think
sometimes I you you catch or something
am i preaching to the choir here because
that will not affect change and you
think about how we can affect change I
think it is in making sure that we that
this proliferation of information is as
broad as it possibly can be
we're gonna be talking about the World
Cup I'm in a great mood because Belgium
won today okay yeah they did
they beat Brazil that's not we're gonna
be talking about so a male reporter was
forcefully kissed by a female fans and
this caused a debate about sexual
harassment so the reporter was from
South Korea and he was grabbed and
kissed by two Russian women we have
video let's take a look so this started
a debate on Weibo which is a social
media sharing forum one user saying why
is this not sexual harassment another
going on this is sexual harassment Kay
thanks bye there was a debate
surrounding it someone countered saying
sexual harassment is behavior that
happens when the other person doesn't
consent to it but look at how happy he
is afterwards a lot of people in the
forum were saying they feel like this
would've been covered differently had it
been a female reporter now unfortunately
we actually have incidents of that from
the world cup of female reporters being
groped and kissed and harassed on the
job so let's take a look at a video of
this this is coming from Juliet Gonzalez
VI por supuesto it's not being distant
yell but so she actually carries on i
watch out full segments about four
minutes long and four to four to six
minutes long and she carries on like an
absolute professional though later she
did issue an apology she said we do not
deserve this treatment we are equally
valuable and professionals I share the
joy of football but we must identify the
limits of affection and harassment now
the assailant in that video did issue an
apology saying that he offers his most
profound apologies and that he didn't
realize that it would cause you
confusion and shock and I know your job
is very hard all this so breaking this
down the two different instances you
guys all saw the videos how do you
reconcile this where do you lie on this
issue oh he didn't realize grabbing her
boob might not might confuse her right
well look there's that argument with the
first South Korean reporter oh he smiled
that's consent no smiling is not consent
unless it's Express it's not consent and
I I don't I can't speak for him
but I know my culture sometimes smiling
is something you do when something is
awkward and confusing and you're trying
not to make things worse but maybe we
shouldn't be doing that like how she
kept going on and on with her
four-minute segment you're saying it
didn't happen maybe we should be calling
this stuff out it's wrong mm-hm yeah I
agree
so you mean kid like you said but your
culture toy here I hear you on that I
put myself in this in situation that
that was me and someone come to me and
kiss me on camera without my consent huh
I mean I don't think I would have um I
would have I wouldn't portray that or
interpret that as harassment or assault
personally um the female reporter
absolutely when you're grabbing other
parts of the body holding on those parts
of the body for extended period of times
yes but it's like where words where's
the middle ground you know don't touch
so we're reporting keep your hands to
yourself and not just when you're
reporting just keep your hands to
yourself period the other thing that I
was thinking about it was the reason men
don't feel as uncomfortable with those
things happen to them because they don't
have to walk down the street constantly
worrying about being groped assaulted
and raped it's not the reality of a man
and still with that I still don't
condone somebody walking up to somebody
and kissing somebody because they think
it's cool I don't think it was cool for
those women to do that to them that is
sexual harassment because like she said
consent is consent consent is not a
smile it's not a shrug it's not it
consent is yes or no and I think it's
inappropriate I think people need to
learn to keep their hands to themselves
and I agree with you more than anything
I love millennial women because they
don't they go out and they are like
punch you in the throat until you start
calling out this behavior I don't mean
physically no I mean but like we've
we've been taking it on the chin and
we've been trying to take the higher
ground and has it worked for us no no it
hasn't so maybe it is time to say that's
not right you shouldn't be doing that
it's time that we yeah I think we can
deal in absolutes in this case like I
hear
you're saying I'm you wanting looking
for like a middle ground but for me
watch both tapes something both wrong
both not okay and we should be speaking
out against it which is why I thought it
was really I don't know sometimes I
worry about how we cover the harassment
of men and how we say like Oh take it
like a man or boys will people or that
sort of thing and I think that's an - I
think that's sexism as well I think
that's absolutely wrong which is why I
was so impressed with the dialogue that
we saw on Weibo which is a social media
forum I'm not familiar with that they
were calling this out pretty decisively
and swiftly following the reporting
saying that's not okay and I think
dealing in those absolutes will lead to
progress because we have to do we have
to draw those lines because the guys who
are who have that mentality will justify
doing it to a woman because that man
smiled right and they take the wrong
messages so we have to draw the line and
say and I agree I think being complacent
and being come is being complicit at
this point you gotta go and there's a
initiative and Brazil called Letter work
or a fifty two journal the female
journalists are doing just that
spreading the message that this is not
okay because your question was why
didn't she on camera say listen what
just happened is effed up so and well I
can see why she did it because you you
try to be professional but it's also you
know what is the right time to say what
right well that's what this letter work
is trying to do at least it's equivalent
to the meet - but if you will but it's
it's a start somewhere
you
