and man called the police on a woman who
was using her neighborhood pool the man
was white the woman was black this is a
story that we've heard before let's take
a look at this video of ID Adam their ID
I need you to tell me because I live in
this neighborhood
you tell me yes there is a camera right
who is an audience that we have to show
ID Church there's the it's better where
does this say that I have to show an ID
and again what to recommend in terms of
proceed first and nobody else was
actually ID I am the only black I feel
this is racial profiling I'm the only
black person here with my son in the
pool oh my gosh that is the voice of
Jasmine Edwards that you're hearing in
the video being far more patient then my
god then I feel right now so here's what
goes on the videos about 4 minutes long
eventually the man asks if maybe she has
a key card and that she could
demonstrate that the key card would work
for her to get into the pool because the
way that this pool works there's like
there's a little thing that the card
reads and then you open a gate it's
fully gated around and then you get in
and she hands it over to the officer
proves that the key card absolutely
works and throughout all of this by the
way ID Adam is like yeah if she could
just show me that the key card works
like he does not back down it's four
minutes of him really wanting to see
that she has the sufficient ID and
checking her address and all this stuff
even though the law enforcement officers
I think will get into this do a really
decent job of trying to de-escalate this
as much as possible because even they
realize why the hell are we here she
also says I'm sorry this guy's wasting
your time there okay let me play I need
to call myself down so by Thursday
evening the video that you guys just saw
had racked up nearly four million views
on Facebook hadn't been shared more than
80 times the the man that you see in
that video has been identified as Adam
Blum and Adam Blum has
since been he lost his job and he is
also no longer part of that neighborhood
leadership roles so here's what we were
hearing from the neighborhood pool
community the Glen Ridge homeowners
association they say we sincerely regret
that an incident occurred yesterday in
our community pool that left neighbors
feeling racially profiled letter states
and confronting and calling the police
on one of our neighbors the pool chair
escalated a situation in a way that does
not reflect the inclusive values Glen
Ridge seeks to uphold as a community now
the company that Adam Blum works for
Sonico products also issued a statement
saying in part we are aware of a
terrible incident involving the actions
of one of our employees outside of the
workplace the well documented incident
which involves activities at a
neighborhood pool over the fourth of
July does not reflect the core values of
our company and the employee involved is
no longer employed by the company in any
respect I'm having a hard time
collecting my thoughts because as I'm
sure we'll get into this is a number of
a lot of incidences very similar to this
of white people calling the police
just you guys you guys chime in because
I white people calling the police on
black people living their lives is
nothing new but it's it's dangerous
we've seen it happen before
where someone had the police called on
them for asking for our spoon at the
Waffle House and being tackled and hurt
these situations often escalate way
further than they should I'm glad the
police responded the way they did this
time but it is a dangerous weapon and
people keep using it we were just
talking about all the hashtags we've
seen you know we have ID Adam y Riku
Becky permit patty it's it's kind of
trying to enforce this idea that you
need to prove you belong and if you
can't you don't because you're black
right so as a black man I find it very
hard to to reconcile that people still
don't think that racial profiling the
profiling I'm sorry is a thing because
if you read tweets and go online you
have these people they're like that's
not racial profiling but yeah that Adam
guy straight up bitch and that is racial
profiling I want to give a hats off to
Jasmine for knowing how to handle the
situation yeah for for staying calm for
making sure
documented visually and for knowing her
rights you know because there there was
a time I was racially profiled and I got
caught so off-guard that I didn't know
how to to proceed without coming across
as an angry black guy or being seen as a
threat or being seen as I'm putting the
officer whoever is racial profiling me
in danger because like you said Kim it
could definitely escalate and then so
let's also lean on that you have some
cops who will show up and just add fuel
to the fire
yeah you know I think a young man was
just tased today or over the weekend and
a st. Louis or in the Midwest and he was
just sitting on the sidewalk he told him
to sit and he said yeah right so it's
it's yes people racial profiling is a
thing unfortunately and it's happening
more and more alleged obviously with
these hashtags that keep I mean that
keep just showing up week after week
after so with these hazards that you see
also is in some of the discussion people
are saying that there should be a fine
for doing this like event it shouldn't
just be like the police of the police
leaving like all right well we
deescalate a situation she points out
and I really encourage you watch
Jasmine's full video because it's really
sheds a light on what's what is
happening she says you're wasting
taxpayer money for the police to come
here and deal with you racially
profiling me and my young son trying to
have a day at the pool
how how dare you the privilege of this
man has to call and and also another
thing that he says in the video and I
want to get a reaction for you guys he
says she's how often do you like called
the pool to get other other people's IDs
and he says I do this like once or twice
a week or something like that well he's
no longer the pool master cuz he got
fired from being the pool master cuz
that was his job but what I did did he
have and how did he prove he was
eligible to use that pool and that's
something that he probably will never
have to prove to anybody it's like what
I say all the time it's like the ghost
and Scooby Doo nobody ever believes
Scooby at the beginning you keep saying
there's a ghost there's a ghost black
people brown people there's a ghost
there's a ghost nobody believes it then
at the end here are the video cameras we
you see the ghost Scooby and Shaggy were
not lying guys that is where we are this
has been happening forever listen I got
racially profiled and San Diego and the
only reason that the guy the police
officer left me alone was because he
figured out that I was married to an NFL
athlete
so that was my privilege in that moment
but had not been the case I could have
had a potential issue on my hands and I
think as a mother of two black children
which I talk about all the time because
every single time
my son leaves the door out the house or
my daughter leaves out the house I have
to worry I have to worry that the wrong
person the woman across the street from
where we live
was watching my son listening to music
in his car and I had to go outside and
said oh you got to get in the house
because if this racist lady calls the
police on you you may end up dead on
this street that's true that is the
reality that we have to live in and we
got to be real about this and just know
white poor people that after they get
done with us you're next so just don't
think that this racial profiling is this
is all about money the haves and the
have-nots we keep thinking we keep
having these dumb paisa Mexicans are
taking their jobs
black people were this all this is up in
perfect order and when all of it goes
down we all go down together cuz that 1%
does not give a damn about any of us
it's tiring it's just exhausting but
that it needs this privilege that these
white people have when they think it's
cool you know that Tamir rice got killed
by the police so when you call the
police on these children that is
malicious and it's evil because you of
that guy was like an attorney you should
have an operand you should have the
wherewithal to have a decent
conversation with somebody that's
different than you whether you like them
or not you do not have to be ridiculous
and that is what this is it is
ridiculous that lady at that pool she
would've put her hands on my daughter
she would have met these hands because
you will not touch my children and think
that that's gonna be okay
but what's sad about that are gates is
that if that would have happened if they
live
yeah you angry black woman yeah we have
a right to be angry I'm tired of people
telling women and marginalized groups
that were angry we have a right to be
angry
they are mistreating us we are not
having to sit at the table and we're
tired and if you think that that is an
issue then there's something wrong with
you two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
