this is really heartbreaking there was a
woman who was trapped between a subway
and the rail and she begs for bystanders
not to call the ambulance because she
can't afford it there was bone exposed
through her thigh she became stuck in a
gap between the train this took place in
Massachusetts the surveillance video
from the Massachusetts Bay Transport
Authority Transit Police Department
showed passengers rocking the train back
and forth to free her suffering a deep
laceration the unidentified 45 year old
woman's leg was left was left twisted
and bloody according to The Globe
reporter Maria Kramer an aweful seemed
on scene on the orange wine a woman's
leg got stuck in the gap between the
train and the platform it was twisted
and bloody skin came off she's in agony
and weeping just as upsetting she begged
no one to call an ambulance it's $3,000
she wailed I can't afford that when we
covered this story we were discussing in
our production meeting it was very it it
was like pretty much silent because it's
how dire the healthcare system is in
this country how broken the system is
and it reading this through there there
isn't footage I've perhaps that's for
the best
it sounds like a dystopian future yeah
you know it sounds like it doesn't sound
like a world that we should be living in
as the leaders of the free world you
know how is this how is this gotten so
bad health care should not be a
privilege for just the select few who
can afford it we shouldn't be weighing
our physical pain our bones sticking out
of our bodies because of if we pay for
it it'll ruin our quality of life after
that I mean it's it's something terrible
that we've been worrying about and we
shouldn't be we should be supporting
Medicare for all we should be following
through with this and I don't think it's
that radical of an idea anymore because
people are getting on board I mean
Bernie Sanders introduced Medicare for
all legislation in 2013 and now he then
he couldn't find anyone to support him
now he has 16 people supporting him
because the people needed and the people
say they need it and they believe in
this idea mm-hmm and I think if we keep
our voices up maybe things like this
don't have to happen anymore but for now
they are and it's a travesty
yeah we have this question where our tax
dollars go we really need accountability
because a lot of people question the I
don't want to pay for people who don't
want to work I don't want to pay I don't
want to be responsible
well you're responsible for freeways
that never get fixed you know you are
paying your tax payers dollars goes to
things where funds are misappropriated
all the time and you never know when
you're gonna be on the other side of the
table and you're gonna need that help
and that's what we need to think about
people get all nervous when the
socialism conversation happens but let's
think about this practically like this
is something that should be a right for
everybody just like in like your
education we pay for so many things that
we never get to see come to fruition we
should invest our money in something
that makes sense us and this is a
bipartisan issue wherever you wherever
you fall in the political spectrum I
think that we can agree that the
healthcare system in this country is
awful it's absolutely broken and it
needs to be reformed and it
I hate when it is thrown on like it's a
political pawn and we see that more and
more you know what I mean where we all
get sick we all get hurt we all get old
we're all gonna die they're acting like
it doesn't happen to other people
I see no no no affiliation with the
political parties and save your life
when it comes when you're when you're
gonna really own the libs when you die
of cancer cause you can't afford the
medication and what happened to this
woman if I do guys think of reading Kip
Kip guys came back I'm making faces
off-camera I'm sorry kid got jokes and
they're very good but what would happen
to this woman have like no the admins
didn't come back what what happened to
her whatever I think about that he's
like yes it's very it's it's depressing
and sad and upsetting an end and very
just infuriating that she was saying hey
don't call that once I can't afford it I
have been in situations with people not
as dire as that but I have to have
totally did without something that was
very necessary for that particular I
just can't afford it so if she was stay
there and died or bled to death or you
know that what would have happened to
her I mean the admins did come after all
yes perm ads did show up correct yeah
yes
police said emergency medical personnel
Badgett bandage the wound which would
require surgery and took her to the
hospital so she would if that would have
happened she would've just died I mean
the thing is this I want a group a group
of people I do trust that like in that
situation I trusted our humanity to do
what is best for someone who I mean
who's suffering so obviously this is
kind of a weird sight so I you guys know
I grew up in Belgium so health care free
good
other things that are not great with
what's going on in the Belgian
government but when it comes to health
care no complaints and I played
basketball very seriously growing up so
I had a lot of injuries a whole bunch of
injuries and I was in and out of the
hospital with my ankles and knees and
all that stuff when I came to the United
States I was also playing basketball I
had a really bad injury at some point
when I recently moved in college and
without thinking because it was a really
really awful spread couldn't put any
weight on it I was like oh call the
ambulance cuz I was really in a lot of
pain ambulance comes I don't really
think anything of it we go to the
hospital sorted out it was just a really
like it was maybe something a little
tour and I can't remember but there goes
my mom calls me afterward and she's like
in the future now that you're in the
United States you never call an
ambulance when now that you're here
because it's not like Belgium it's not
free and like this was a hit for our
family and having that like cold and
that's that's just for like an ankle
injury so I mean we have these rules
like don't call an ambulance don't go to
the emergency room don't because it's
going to be very expensive two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
