if you were watching fox news in the
last 24 hours you definitely knew about
Donald Trump's rally so they spent the
day teasing the rally as they do I'm not
even to get to on them over that because
CNN's you know seven days before Town
Hall they've got a ticker on it but they
did tease it all day long and then they
aired it all one hour and 14 minutes of
the rally
played live on Fox News just a routine
campaign of rally
he's not even campaigning for anything
himself they played the whole thing and
according to IQ media a media monitoring
service the advertising value of that
hour and 14 minutes long play by Fox
News was 1.9 million dollars that they
handed to Donald Trump by playing that
and here's the thing that hour and 14
minutes ah that's that's not the extent
of it let's bring up this next chart you
see the media value of the network's
live coverage of Trump rallies they've
given 15 million dollars by playing
virtually every rally he does over the
past couple of months they just play it
now we also theoretically could have
seen an MSNBC I mean I remember seen and
played a whole bunch of his campaign
rallies whether he was actually at the
podium or not during the last campaign
but for the past few months this has
been the Fox News show there's no false
equivalence here MSNBC played a couple
of minutes of it Fox News just plays
every every possible minute bring up
this next one they've played almost
eight hours of his rallies CNN has
played literally zero seconds eight
minutes on MSNBC over the course of the
past couple of months so like if there's
any conversation out there and perhaps
there isn't about whether Fox News is
state media it's done they are just a
free advertising service for Donald
Trump they've handed millions over to
him and like we criticized the media
during the last campaign they spent way
too much time just showing whatever he
was saying or whatever it looks like
some people have learned maybe they'll
forget that lesson when the next
presidential election comes around but
in the time between elections Fox News
is there they were the reliable source
they will give Donald Trump whatever he
needs including millions of dollars in
freebies found those few journalists in
the media that he said is okay with it
are his friends that he's reluctant to
say because they give him things it's
all based in their worship
the thing we talked about Maria
Bartiromo earlier this week who had
thought maybe Sunday she had the
softball interview with him and she's
working on it you work on on that on
landing that that's a that's a you know
that's a it's a career move so the whole
time you know she's coming on Fox and
Friends
I mentioned this when it happened she
goes on Fox and Friends there were over
the past several months and and touts
the the witch-hunt that's going on with
the investigation and they leave Russia
I can't believe what the FBI's doing I
came home he's done to you and she's
just she's talking with the Fox and
Friends host but she's talking to Trump
be like you know I have a show of my own
that once I land in your interview then
I get some kind of like I get a boost
and then the execs go good job that's
all the job is so she used to be a
thinking person that I think she started
with CNBC because she was a money person
and now she's handing software
interviews to him because that is the
career move so if you give him this he
gives you those exclusive venues back we
already know he doesn't talk to the
media and he said I'm one on one basis
cuz when he does for five minutes
he says seven things that are
devastating to a normal person but to
him is just bounces back off because
he's right even even a little bit of
access that the press pool had to Donald
Trump was on his way from the White
House to a one-on-one interview with Fox
& Friends
yeah and back yeah you so where did that
look like a reach out of wanting more
access or did it I don't know it felt it
felt like she was his base in that
moment I yeah I think a lot of people
we're kind of pointing because there was
a lot of you right no you're right
that's not what's happening yes exactly
they don't seem like sauce balling
because you want to maintain like like a
lot of times what people complain about
the White House press corps in general
people who don't who don't do that they
say that you know you're still there
you're not all walk it out every day
when a big lie happens because you need
that access I understand that I but this
was different it looks different at
least it it's where it's gotten its how
easy it is to be it we're all gonna pot
boiling yeah yeah I mean with anybody in
power I think a lot of journalists media
figures will try to get them on and be
nice to them I mean in any kind of spec
even what sports whatever even what it's
not changing people's lives that much
then yeah then suddenly it's a it's a
big deal oh my god there-there are some
people who believe that we are still in
normal times this is just a continuation
of the way things have been the economy
the same politics the same don't worry
about the norms don't worry about the
media don't worry about the tax and all
that stuff but this is this is
fundamentally different like Fox News
has been right-wing obviously and they
supported george w bush especially
during the war not just fox news but all
the networks were glowing and praised
and all that but there wasn't specific
programming that was not just about him
or in support of him but to him it
wasn't that you all of your hosts
appeared to be competing with each other
to get jobs in his administration it
would happen from time to time but it's
like the norm at this point MSNBC I'm
sure many of those hosts probably loves
Barack Obama but there it was not this
sort of relationship this is
fundamentally different than the
relationship between the White House and
the media has been as long as I've been
a part of this and even before it's
bizarre because now we're at this space
story if you tell the truth
you're left-wing media if you say hey no
this is a lie let me show you let me
show you why this is a lie we're gonna
bring up a very easy a clear graphic
show you why that is not true then
you're a left winger and that's it's
everybody it's Fox News vs everybody at
this point and it doesn't even matter if
that's what your intentions were if you
just tell the truth but it's not the
nicest thing you are against the
president which is not how this works
and I don't know how to get through to
his like base I feels like East Germany
I want to like fly over the flyover
States and drop leaflets two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
