another prominent Republican politician
has been accused of groping multiple
women but he's not the presidential
nominee so he's screwed okay you only
get away with it if you're gonna be
president but this is actually a very
different situation because this has
happened before and there has not been
much pressure from Republicans for
anything to be done about it in this
case though the state republican party
in indiana against this attorney general
is actually coming down on him pretty
hard so first i want to give you some
information about a leaked memo about
the allegations against this individual
that is republican attorney general of
indiana curtis hill so a lawmaker who is
one of the multiple women who was groped
by this AG said that he was very
intoxicated when he slid his hands down
her back at a bar put them under her
clothes and grabbed her buttocks she
told him to back off and walked away but
he again approached her reached under
clothing and began grabbing her again
there was also he gave another staffer a
two-minute back rub which made her
uncomfortable another staffer said he'll
put his arm around her and slit his hand
down her back when she tried to remove
his hand she said he groped her buttocks
which is apparently his thing he put his
arm around a third staffers waist and
hugged her clothes according to the
document and this is not by the way over
the course of six months in a bunch of
different places this was at one event
he assaulted all of these women and he's
not a fan of the leakage of this
information or the consequences that
might come from it he said that the
inquiry by legislative leaders into his
conduct was a prejudicial investigation
that is deeply troubling he says at no
time was my behavior inappropriate nor
did I touch anyone in an appropriate
manner although again there are multiple
women who've come forward to say that he
did this and as I said the Republican
Party is actually taking it seriously in
this particular case the Republican
governor of Indiana said that four women
had the courage to step forward to
report sexual harassment by the Indiana
Attorney General the findings of this
recent legislative report are disturbing
and at a minimum show a violation of the
state's zero-tolerance sexual harassment
policy but it's not just the governor
the GOP Senate leader and the Republican
House Speaker put out a statement saying
we believe that the women who came
forward with accounts of inappropriate
behavior by the AG in the early hours of
March 15th are telling the truth were
list of the Attorney General's denial of
these allegations Wow good thing there's
a history in the publican party of
flushing out these things get going
after the people who've been obviously
accused of these types of ex and they
get them all out of office they don't
support them at all they don't make
excuses and they don't prop them up
great honor but in this case why are
actually apparently gave me something
good oh yeah I feel like one of the
reasons they are again you talked about
David long the Senate leader and Brian
Bosma the house leader for Republicans
in that state also know the Prophet was
bossman long previously called
called this an egregious breach of
confidentiality involved that they were
investigating the source of this breach
of employee confidentiality and will
react accordingly if the source is
discovered they're gonna take care of
the guy who actually exposed all this
because now they embarrassed it and now
they have to do something about it keep
it real if we can keep this confidential
and keep it under wraps we can tell we
we can tell the Attorney General hey
chill out Curtis
stop you're gonna embarrass us who cares
about the victims yes sure sure grab
grab grab but you know what you're
embarrassing us now now we have to
actually act like a responsible people
and do something about it I'm mad at the
person who leaked because now I have to
be have act like yeah
hey whatever it takes to get them to do
the responsible thing like of course the
best way is for them to say you know
what we've you know looked into our soul
and we genuinely believed that this was
the wrong thing to do but like oh man
cuz this got leaked yeah at least cover
that up and go you know what I can't
believe we found this out yes this is
not something that the values of the
Republican Party can't even do that you
want people to start investigating these
things when they first start hearing
rumors because you can't tell me that
this is the first time a obviously you
know yeah not even when the first time
in the first time you start hearing that
somebody's grabby grabby like you or
when you see it or when some you don't
even you they immediately then is when
you want that's what we want but at the
very least this just proves how
important the media is because if there
was nobody to tell this to to expose
this nothing would have been done
because this wasn't a secret if this
happened it's never a secret so I mean
yeah so your first night of the
inappropriate is not like six butts
right - easy wasteful Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
