we have some terribly sad news to report
this morning heartbreaking and
devastating world-renowned chef
best-selling author award-winning host
of parts unknown and our friend Anthony
Bourdain has died Kate Spade was found
dead in her New York City home in an
apparent suicide suicide prevention
lifeline that number is 1-877-443-6276
form of approach after a tragedy because
when it comes to a mass shooting there's
often an outpouring of outrage right
with many offering thoughts in prayers
but very rarely do we hear a strategic
approach towards addressing the root of
the issue and the same can be said for
our response to mental health
like with gun violence events like those
of the past few weeks are a reminder of
how desperately this country needs
health care reform both on a legislative
level as well as a societal level and a
critical part of that reform means
breaking the stigma around mental health
and creating more of a receptive
environment where people feel more
comfortable talking with each other
mental illness is an illness a colleague
of mine explained to me that one way to
view mental illness is like diabetes a
diabetic needs insulin to regulate blood
sugar levels and they need to monitor
their levels someone who is depressed or
who struggles with mental illness needs
support through therapy medication
hospitalization or other means it
affects the person both mentally and
physically mental health days from work
should be treated at sick days just like
with any other illness and seeking out
help should be treated the same way is
talking to a doctor about a physical
ailment another key element to
eliminating this stigma is for people to
understand that this illness is not
one that can be alleviated through a
mate saying ah come on cheer up or mana
or feel better which I admit to result
in two in the past it is an illness that
needs to be acknowledged treated and
taken seriously it can affect anyone in
any situation and it can't be controlled
by the power of suggestion an important
way we can all contribute to D
stigmatizing mental illness is through
the language we use mental illness is
not a dirty word so it shouldn't be
treated as such but still today people
use words like bipolar schizophrenic in
OCD as insults or jokes chalk it up to
ignorance but these are real illnesses
that people are dealing with being
treated for and struggling with right
now using such phrases casually and with
such negative connotations helps
contribute to the shame and disrespect
around mental illness that serves to
further discourage suffering people from
seeking the help that they need help
that doesn't just come from a hotline
but from other countless sources there
also should be more affordable options
out there for everyone to access mental
health care as well as health care in
general you can call a write to your
legislators and push for mental health
care reform you can visit the National
Council on mental Health's policy action
center and go to the N a.m. eyes get
involved page to figure out more we can
all do better not only to become more
empathetic to the issue but more
knowledgeable in deeper in our
understanding of what options there are
out there for those who need it like the
hotline mentioned above it is not the
only option
while one eight hundred two seven three
eight two five five is often the most
common number brought to light and while
it is available 24/7 nationally you can
also text MH a to 741 741 to speak with
a trained crisis counselor at crisis
text line or call 2-1-1 for resources on
crisis intervention including feeling
suicidal or help getting out of an
unsafe abusive situation it also offers
free resources and assistance on
countless topics like health care legal
assistance housing emergencies natural
disasters human trafficking anymore
there are also therapy options if you
have insurance contact your insurance
company to see what mental health
coverage they provide and ask for a list
of all their fists that are covered
under your insurance but if you do not
have insurance there are still other
ways you can get help there are
counseling services in each state that
offer sliding scale therapy for all you
pay for what you can afford based on
your salary many actually offer complete
free sessions for those in need in many
universities in college offer therapy
and counseling services also on an
income-based sliding scale and you can
visit therapy apps or websites such as
talk space better help seven cups
there's plenty more out there so to
conclude while we must do better to end
the taboo surrounding the issue and
listen to each other's concerns I am
well aware that not everybody has
someone to turn to and that's why
hotlines and help centers are still
crucial but they shouldn't be the only
option we need to take better care of
each other
