this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm now I told you about a
very peculiar case of the server in
Pennsylvania the Donald Trump was using
to communicate with a seemingly with the
Russians I told you about that a long
time ago
and it was not based on our reporting it
was frankly a four it's late who had
done some great reporting on it Eric
Lichtblau at new york times tried to do
some great reporting on it but was
blocked by his executive editor they
thought that it might be too political
right before an election to reveal the
donald trump might be receiving
communication from the russians no it's
political to hold a story like that as a
political decision you're making when
you have a story they eventually ran the
story but with a completely misleading
title saying that the FBI basically had
concluded that there Trump is not
working with the Russians now they were
of course to reverse that and it was
never true in the first place I'm about
to show you what is true now there's
some new details
it was great reporting from Dexter
Filkins at The New Yorker and and if
you've never heard the story before it
is amazing and in my opinion conclusive
proof that at least someone on the Trump
campaign very very clearly communicated
with the Russians yeah if you don't
believe it
I I think after you look at the evidence
there might be something wrong with you
so we'll get to that in a second and so
first I'm just asking everybody keep an
open mind here and look at the evidence
okay and obviously we'll put a link to
the actual article down below if you're
watching on YouTube or Facebook later in
the description box where all the links
always are so you can read it for
yourself it's a long one here let me
summarize first of all they talk to a
group of computer scientists who are
prominent and apparently monitor the
internet in ways that we were not aware
of before I told you about this in the
last story and and Filkins explains its
members sometimes work with law
enforcement or for private clients but
mostly they
acted as self-appointed guardians of the
internet trying to thwart hackers and to
keep the system clean of malware a
guardians of the galaxy if you will now
there's a guy named max that's a
pseudonym that he's using because he
doesn't want to be outed and he is among
these computer scientists but again the
reporters have confirmed that he is in
fact a prominent computer scientist the
guy who worked on this and asked many
other computer scientists dozens
including professors who are experts in
this area to also look at the evidence
to see if if he was getting anything
wrong and they all concluded no it is
exactly right and and max it turns out
was a John mate McCain Republican so not
only was he not biased against
Republicans initially what he saw was oh
the Russia's hacked into the Democratic
servers so they're probably trying to do
the same thing to the Republicans so he
thought to himself quote we were trying
to protect them by them he means the
Republicans he initially took on this
task of looking around to see if the
Russians were trying to tap into
anything else hacking anything else to
protect the Republicans hey they don't
get hacked didn't you like the Democrats
did but he found something else
completely so here's what he found out
in the small town of Lititz Pennsylvania
domain late the Trump Organization
seemed to be behaving in a peculiar way
hmm
while they looked into it a little
further why does Trump even have a
server there and and why is it receiving
these bizarre messages from specific
folks well examining records for the
Trump domain Max's group discovered DNS
lookups from a pair of servers owned by
alpha bank one of the largest banks in
Russia alpha bank's computers were
looking at the address of the Trump
server nearly every day boy that's
really weird and here's what max had to
say about it we were watching this
happen in real time and we thought why
the hell is a Russian bank communicating
with a server that belongs to the Trump
Organization and at such a rate now
there was a lot of different
explanations after he came out with that
story initially or or slate
but things like spamming and spoofing
they're all absolute nonsense I'll get
to that in a minute as well but
certainly when you first look at it it
raises they're almost a literal red flag
but not a red scare this is actually
based on evidence and it goes okay
that's weird let's look into it more and
see if there is a logical explanation
but the part that to me last time I
explained was the clincher was the
second largest entity looking and
communicating with that trump server in
Pennsylvania and so he found the same
thing so here it is only what other
entities seem to be reaching out for the
Trump Organization is domain with any
frequency spectrum health of Grand
Rapids Michigan spectrum health is
closely linked to the DeVos family at
Richard DeVos jr. is the chairman of the
board and one of its hospitals is named
after his mother his wife Betsy DeVos
was appointed Secretary of Education by
Donald Trump now you're telling me that
there's a server of Pennsylvania
belonging to Donald Trump and the two
major groups communicating with it are a
Russian bank and the DeVos family later
Betsy DeVos is named education secretary
and that's a coincidence
hold we're not done with the
coincidences how about divorces brother
her brother Eric Prince is a trump
associated who has attracted the
scrutiny of robert muller the special
counsel of SE ating Trump's ties to
Russia Muller has been looking into
prince's meeting following the election
with a Russian official in the seashells
at which he reportedly discussed setting
up a back-channel between Trump and the
Russian President Vladimir Putin Prince
maintains that the meeting was
incidental attend oh okay so the Russian
bank at the DeVos family communicating
with a trump server during the campaign
critical parts of the campaign form a on
after the election Betsy DeVos
incidentally becomes education secretary
that her brother incidentally goes to
seashell Islands to meet with the
Russians to set up a back-channel with
Vladimir Putin
what a bunch of incidents and
coincidence spamming spoofing are you
crazy okay you think that accidentally
the server happened to look up a Russian
bank and the DeVos family and then one
of the divorced family members wound up
in an island what the rush is
communicating after Trump won oh that
was a coincidence no person in the right
mind could believe that but I got more
so what look maybe these are two things
that are communicating with a trump
server but there's a million others and
you're picking a needle in a haystack
and trying to make connections no twenty
five hundred lookups nearly all of them
from alpha bank and Spectrum Health it's
not too out of a million it's two out of
two almost every lookup I believe it's
over 99% of the communications with the
Trump server was alpha bank spectrum
health the Russian Bank the DeVos family
there ain't no coincidence that large
anyone who doesn't understand that is
completely irrational okay okay you say
well no I don't know maybe spectrum
house was this is some of the absurd
absurd theories maybe spectrum House was
spending sending a marketing emails and
the Trump server was accidentally
responding to it a lot okay how about
this it would require for that theory to
hold it would require the service of
Spectrum Health to be as well as here's
was a glitch a computer glitch hilarious
it would require the service of Spectrum
Health to be simultaneously experiencing
the same glitch yeah Oh golly gee there
was a glitch that with the Trump talking
to the Russian bank and then another
glitch from the Russian Bank Bank of
them there's a lost family another
glitch oh my God look at all these
coincidental glitches there ain't no
glitch there obviously obviously
communicating to one another
now what's inside those messages that's
super important we're gonna get to that
because we don't yet have all that
information but is there a way we can
find out hold so max is some other
scientists I spoke to according to
Dexter Filkins here theorized that they
may be using
system says signal one another about
events or tasks that had to be performed
money to be transferred for instance or
data to be copied ding-ding-ding-ding I
believe we have a winner
now it might not be the case we've got
to see what's in the communications and
can we do that again I'll get to that in
a second
so are those hypotheses far more likely
saying there are a million times more
likely actually literally scientifically
statistically under place it it is way
then way more than a million times more
likely that they were actually
communicating or perhaps saying when
money would be transferred then there
was a computer glitch or a spam and it
happened to miraculously happen from
only those two things and both going in
both directions okay so max concluded we
decided this was a covert communication
channel to which I say of course of
course it is okay so we're not done on
September 21st he wrote The Times had
delivered potential evidence of
communications to BGR okay now this is a
really important part of the story
that's a Washington lobbying firm that
worked for Alpha Bank two days later the
Trump domain vanished from the Internet
now this was not part of the earlier
story and so as I looked at that I
thought I mean if it wasn't over already
it's definitely over now you understand
what happened so the New York Times in
the story that I mentioned in the
beginning reaches out to alpha Bank and
says look we're gonna do a story on you
what's your explanation on this very
peculiar fact pattern right at that
point alpha Bank doesn't shut it down
Trump shuts it down but wait a minute
they never contacted Trump oops
Max's group was surprised the Trump
domain had been shut down after The
Times contacted alpha bank's
representatives but before the newspaper
contacted Trump so the obvious
conclusion is the one that max reached
that shows a human interaction certain
actions leave fingerprints he explained
now he
you were just communicating and there
was just spam going back and forth
investigators would tell alpha bank how
would alpha bank send a spam to the
trick or snot no someone actually had to
pick up a phone and say they're onto us
and so the Trump server cuts off how in
the world would they have known unless
they were already communicating to alpha
bank okay for four days the service at
Alpha bank kept trying to look up the
Trump domain then ten minutes after the
last attempt one of them looked up
another domain which had been configured
to lead to the same Trump Organization
server well if it was spam or a glitch
why would the server continue to try to
look up the Alpha bank guys try to look
for a trump server and then find a
second one they miraculously in there
random sending of marketing emails found
a second Trump server no one in their
right mind could believe that no one in
fact here's Paul vixie from far right
security saying why did alpha look up
either name and especially the second
name well there is no logical
explanation for that unless they knew
what the second name was and they were
told to look that up and they did so
they could reestablish the line of
communication now here is what the
latest is in terms of whether we are
ever going to find out what was in those
communications those communications
happen absolutely were they a sign that
the Russians and someone in the Trump
administration were communicating and
hence colluding absolutely absolutely
you'd be crazy to think otherwise and if
you are I don't know I know maybe you
got a dog of the fight
I don't maybe your have already been in
a certain position you maintain it for
so long you don't want to see straight
but this is overwhelming now will we
find out what was in those
communications now here's really bad
news before I get to the good news in
June 2017 Trump nominated Brian bents
Kowski
a lawyer who had overseen the straws
Friedberg report for alpha bank to lead
the criminal division of the Justice
Department Oh No
so here's what happened first of all the
law firm representing the Russian
oligarchs and this Bank was law firm
that were that don McGann worked at you
remember who down me honest
he's the White House Counsel so he gets
hired to be White House Counsel after
his firm works on this case now the guy
who was in charge of the so-called
investigation that alpha bank did once
they were exposed was this guy Brian
Benz Kowski and he concluded oh yeah I
talked to alpha bank and they say it was
a coincidence and we're done with it
that's that guy appears to be a complete
and utter fraud now I get it he's a
lawyer he gets paid to to lie basically
on behalf of his clients really you
looked at an investigation well
poisonous yeah let's wrap this up oh who
did the investigation of Apple Bank Oh
Alpha Bank oh wow okay Jay hired two
straws Friedberg to do it destroys
Freiburg after being paid by alpha bank
included alpha bank was awesome now the
guy who let all that at the law firm is
now the guy who is at the head of the
criminal division of the Justice
Department so if something is rigged it
is rigged in favor of Donald Trump the
Democrats objected of course the
Republicans steamrolled him and he was
confirmed this is the corruption that is
happening and New Yorker explains he and
a referring to Richard Durbin
and other Democratic senators were
especially troubled that Ben's Kowski
would not commit to recusing himself
from dealing with Muller's investigation
even though he had worked for two of
Russia's leading oligarchs you worked at
the law firm that led the investigation
so-called investigation into clearing
Alpha Bank you work for two of the
Russian oligarchs that's at the center
of the Muller investigation will you
recuse yourself
he's like of course not
remember why Trump is so mad at Jeff
Sessions because he recused himself this
guy was not hired to recuse himself he
was hired not to recuse himself he was
hired with this it peers with this
specific intent make sure you get in
there and you're our guy on the inside
he's not a small little guy he's the
head of the Criminal Division at the
Justice Department that oversees the FBI
so that's the corruption that's going on
so where's the hope well the Democrats
have asked for this in the past but if
they win the house in about three weeks
they can stop politely asking and they
could subpoena so what are they asking
for the Democrats implored the majority
and again they won't have to implore
much longer potentially depending on how
the elections go to for Senden who is
that that's the company that dealt with
the server to turn over computer data
that would help determine what had
happened those records could show who in
the Trump Organization used the server
they would probably also be a record of
who shut down the Trump domain after The
Times contacted Alpha Bank Senden might
have records of any outgoing
communications sent by the Trump
Organization now I don't know that they
do I don't know what information they
have I don't know if mullahs already got
that information I do know that
Democrats if they win the majority in
the house will be looking for that
information and my god if they save the
communications inside those messages
that went back and forth game over now
until you have those communications
could you prove all this in a court of
law
well maybe they were talking about
tennis maybe they were trading food
recipes now you and I know if you're
anywhere within the universe of rational
but that's not what was happening but we
don't know for certain with specificity
enough to prove in a criminal case what
happened but those messages they know so
will they be able to get the messages
will Trump's lackeys that the Justice
Department blocked the investigation
will the Democrats be able to subpoena
the records do they exist and to what
degree do they exist will they show
actually what was in the communications
it is possible that that will determine
everything so there's the collusion
right there the question is what's
inside we might find out in just a
couple of weeks so I conclude this
report with tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick he definitely did it the
question is well exactly what and will
they get him to find out soon on the go
don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to T YT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
