oh boy this is going viral all over for
Chan in the right-wing side of the
Internet and I think my thoughts on this
will piss off a lot of people here we go
here's a 30 year old dude in Texas
taking a mag AHA from a 16 year old and
throwing a drink in his face he then
leaves with the hat as he delivers his
final statement and ladies and gentlemen
I'm here to tell you that Alex Jones was
right once again the Liberals did in
fact start a civil war on the 4th of
July using civil unrest racial strife in
America to force Trump out I had my
go-bag stocked up with all my alpha
brain pills and my MREs the second civil
war is upon us ladies and gentlemen
liberals are grabbing Magga hats
everywhere they're calling it
scalping but all jokes aside not
tolerating fascists and deep platforming
them is good because allowing them to
push their violent ideologies is much
worse for our well-being in the long run
while this administration is rapidly
approaching full tilt fascism at a pace
much faster than our previous
imperialist war machine admins this
behavior still shouldn't be condoned and
the anti McAdoo did get fired from his
bartending job which should serve as a
lesson always make people in power
uncomfortable but respect normies as
long as they're not bothering you
there's a difference between holding
those who work for this proto-fascist
administration to account and tossing a
drink in a dumb 16 year-olds face it
isn't revolutionary praxis and it gives
desperate conservatives an opportunity
to scream about being oppressed which is
also uniquely hilarious because the
conservative administration is in
control of both the House and Senate and
they're appointing Ghostbuster judges
and planning to Supreme Court of the
United States firmly on the right for
generations to come
all while trial believing ethnic
cleansing so this is my message to
conservatives there's no widespread
danger towards anti Trump errs and
incidents like this actually prove that
if you're working overtime to make it
seem like one guy harassing teenagers is
the same as systemic racism propped up
with Republican propaganda and a
president who garnered support by
violently owning the libs then you've
lost the argument from the jump and even
the kids don't seem too traumatized by
this incident except for this little guy
as a matter of fact the one dude that
put the video up seems to be enjoying
his newfound fame I mean he's got the
incident video which is now gone viral
pin Danny
showing off his impressions and metrics
and then wait hold on what is this
okay BRX pug is now good in my honest
opinion you place fortnight and mostly
tweets about fortnight actually look the
kid who posted the tweet also retweeted
prays towards Maxine Waters and which is
what I want people to take away from
this story everybody's political
opinions are all over the place and we
can still have the capacity to be
friends with people who are ill informed
so keep protesting and holding those in
positions of power accountable but at
the same time try to educate those you
think and actually to learn from new
facts and information these teens are
still growing up and have the capacity
to change as I believe we all do so
let's help out where we can and you too
can help by sharing this video with your
friends and leaving your thoughts in the
comment section below and also by
joining TOI team membership or by simply
downloading our app the Android one is
coming as well I'm a psalm piker please
don't forget to follow my Instagram and
Sandeep Iker my Twitter to saw on the
hunt and this has been the breakdown
