Republican representative Jim Jordan is
facing allegations that he knowingly did
nothing while a string of sexual
assaults happened during his time as the
assistant wrestling coach at Ohio State
back in the late 80s and early 90s
earlier this year a number of former
students of his who were wrestlers came
forward they've recently spoken with NBC
News about what happened and they have
said that they told Jim Jordan multiple
times about the team doctor molesting
them he is believed to have done this
for literally decades a significant
chunk of which was under Jim Jordan as
the assistant wrestling coach again just
allegations at this point and Jim Jordan
is certainly not buying it himself we
have a couple of videos of him talking
about this turns out he not only
disputes that he knew anything now he
wants to go after one of the wrestlers
who's come forward let's watch it was
not which is not true
that then to get an email look for a
number 4:30 in the morning just seems
like we should make there I think our
office is gonna make the capital police
aware of it so there he's talking about
getting emails from one of those
wrestlers who had tried to reach out to
him earlier saying I'm going to come
forward I'm going to reveal what I know
I'm just giving you a warning asking
that potentially he reveal what he knew
at that point and now he is apparently
going to be contacting Capitol Hill
police because he believes that those
4:30 a.m. emails that he got about to
bullying Michael Deeb sabato who is the
wrestler in question who did the
bullying email says Jim Jordan is a
world caliber athlete who was very
aggressive in his actions he's a bulldog
let's be honest so for him to say he was
being bullied is somewhat laughable I
think Jim is in a position where he
doesn't know what to say now I wonder
how many bullying emails sitting
congressmen and women get on a daily
basis when they're not involved in
something where I don't work you know it
seemingly it looks like allegedly sexual
abuse occurred and they released in the
area even if he did know about it you
were there so maybe people when I ask
you questions about it maybe one of the
guys who wasn't who was a victim of it
reaches out and wants to talk to you
about it
maybe he sends you a whole bunch of
emails yeah
you know my emails I got today and my
name is not Jim Jordan hey I got about
75 emails today and they were all pretty
nice see a lot of people saying hey have
this person on show a this
representation a this PR company a lot
of those emails you know I'm really
annoyed by those emails I don't like
those emails but I haven't called him
the police from them yet but no put the
capital police he has to get involved in
this because this guy's getting a little
bit too close no this isn't good media
graphic form but there's also an
investigative team that's looking into
those allegations just in general and of
course when someone says there was a
former assistant coach that could have
had an information on you might reach
out to them because that's what
investigators do so they look into the
allegations of the abuse on Tuesday and
they reached out to Jordan by email end
by phone asking for interviews he is yet
to reach out to them yet but he has not
called the Capitol Police so I'm just
saying there's certain people that you
look to intimidate by reaching out to
Capitol Police to get them to be quiet
and stop bothering me because you're low
enough on the totem pole but
investigators you just ignore them and
act like that's a normal thing that'll
happen so it's been interesting we've
been talking about this story now for
for two days on the damage report and
his initial defense was I didn't know
anything and isn't it odd that they're
coming forward now which is a defense
that you can put forward at literally
any point ever and now he's saying it's
actually bullying as well again there
are allegations we don't know for sure
yet what happened there is an
investigation ongoing but we do know
that multiple wrestlers have come
forward they are on the record by name
these are not anonymous submissions that
are being made so look Jim Jordan is
going to defend himself and so far I've
seen other Republicans defend him I
haven't seen a single one who says that
this is a serious issue that needs to be
properly investigated but just to give
you a little bit more information this
is what that wrestler said he's
obviously a former wrestler at OSU told
CNN early this week but there's no
question in his mind that Jordan knew it
all in relation to that abuse he says we
trained every day together his gym
Jordans locker was located next to the
team dr. Strauss that is the one alleged
to have done the the molestation it was
a common uncomfortable joke that doc was
a serial groper doc likes to hold your
penis every
knew it I never saw Doc Strauss over a
nine-year timeframe where he didn't ask
me to where I went to see him for
medicine or whatever finger injury
shoulder knee where he did not want to
examine my testicles he groped every
time and additionally there's been
allegations that Jim Jordan who had a
locker next to the doctor himself said
that he feet rise anything he's going to
kill the doctor and so multiple people
saying that he would have obviously
known what was going on at that point
but he's a powerful Republican
representative he's part of the freedom
caucus he's a big up-and-comer maybe
he'll be the next speaker are they gonna
take these sorts of allegations
seriously come on so Don is this the
timing weird because you know what is it
that just happen now that would have
that that makes this timing so odd for
Jim Jordan yeah just get elected what I
sit in the Congress as I said this
morning
so you're saying right now we can't
discuss this because you're talking
about possibly becoming speaker well
Paul Ryan announced he was resigning
months ago so that's a nice months long
period where you couldn't have been
accused of anything and you know what
there was a tax bill being discussed
before that and there was a ACA repeal
being discussed before that then it was
just in the wake of the election the
inauguration you know y2k the release of
the second Shrek there's been a lot of
stuff going on for years
what period was there where every
politician in DC was just like maybe we
should get lunch that doesn't happen
okay
obviously stuff is going on these are
ambitious politicians they always want
some sort of better position they're
always running again for reelection we
have elections every two years at the
Congressional level it is always going
to be an inconvenient time for you to be
accused of some sort of wrongdoing but
what's inconvenient for you is that
apparently there's multiple people who
say they know exactly what you knew and
when you knew it
two easy ways Folio interests want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
