sadness and obviously I didn't intend to
do a video today and but my brother and
fellow progressive talk show host as
Schultz has passed away he was 65 he
passed away in his home natural causes
he worked at MSNBC together and and we
fought alongside each other in a lot of
different ways what I'll know him for
when I think people should know him for
is that he fought for the average guy he
fought for the American worker he fought
in his own way and look all of us - a
lot of positive things I hope in our
careers and and we all get a lot of
criticisms non-stop non-stop so at the
end of the day did you live a good life
and can you hold up your head up high
and and say you did the best you could
and I think that did I think I had
fought and he fought for you guys and he
fought for the American worker the best
he could and to me that's a life
well-lived so there'll be a lot said
about him I just wanted you guys to know
knowing him personally he gave it
everything he had and there's not a lot
of places for someone who is progressive
who fights for the average American to
go in the media business we had to set
up our whole network we had to set up a
whole company on our own to do it
there's just not a lot of outlets if
you're not gonna you know do the
standard corporate message and he found
him on radio he found him on TV
and come hell or high water he fought
