Donald Trump is threatening to pull out
of the global trade regulator also known
as the World Trade Organization now this
was a initially reported by Axios which
received a draft of legislation that
will essentially allow
Donald Trump to act unilaterally when it
comes to trade decisions which could be
disastrous so the bill titled the United
States Fair and reciprocal Tariff Act
would give Trump unilateral power power
to ignore the two most basic principles
of the World Trade Organization so
there's the most favored nation
principle that countries can't set
different tariff rates for different
countries outside of free trade
agreements and also there's the bound
tariff rates this is this is in my
opinion the most relevant part right the
tariff ceilings that each World Trade
Organization country has already agreed
to in previous negotiations so this fits
the pattern that we've seen with Trump
when it comes to foreign policy when it
comes to any deal any negotiation that
was previously agreed upon he will just
pull out unilaterally it happened with
the Iran nuclear deal which many argue
actually creates an unsafe situation and
encourages Iran to continue on with
nuclear development he did it with the
Paris climate agreement which further
devastates the environment and and the
u.s. is role in devastating the
environment I mean he keeps doing these
types of things left and right and so
not only will have negative
ramifications for our country
economically it will solidify unilateral
power for Trump and it'll also signal to
other countries that we're not to be
trusted because the president will pull
out any time that he feels necessary
unless it's hornstock anyway so Treasury
secretary Steve minuchin strongly denied
that the president was considering
pulling out of WTO why would you do that
you know he can't contain himself
you know internally he's talking about
it and you know that he's gonna blurt it
out please but minuchin is a former
goldman sachs guy and he does
want this he wants things to go along
smoothly right and everybody keep making
money and by the way it's also he's
happens to be right in this case right
and so he's like no please mr. Prez mr.
president and then Trump comes out after
his Treasury secretary denies he's gonna
do this WTO has treated the United
States very badly and I hope they change
their ways they've been treating us very
badly for many many years and that's
where we're at a big disadvantage with a
WTO of course of course he's gonna say
that of course you can't contain them so
now if somebody wanted our President to
destroy us from within what would they
have him do they would have him shred
almost every alliance we have and that's
exactly what he's doing
look I again I I am inclined to believe
that this makes certain world leaders
very happy but regardless of that just
set that aside what Trump is doing
regardless of what his intentions are is
destroying everything in the country
including the economy I mean the markets
have been incredibly turbulent because
of this you know trade war that we're
now engaged in and and it's interesting
because the one claim to fame or success
that Trump has when it comes to you know
governing I guess is the economy's doing
really well I mean I talk about how the
economy actually isn't doing that well
if you look at wages and all that but
regardless a lot of people think no no
unemployment rate is low economy is
doing really well so in a lot of ways
he's kind of self sabotaging when it
comes to these ridiculous tariffs in
this trade war that he keeps pushing for
yeah and but he's not bright enough to
recognize it and once so the market
keeps going up and down and and they're
high on on the tax cuts right and they
keep buying back their own stock and
purposely inflating their stock prices
that's a disaster in the making and when
it finally pops and it doesn't go up in
that it just starts going down and down
there's no way that Trump Trump couldn't
manage a small family business totally
incapable of managing the US economy
doesn't understand simple concepts
guys like minuchin or not good guys but
at least understand how the world works
are trying to explain it to him and he's
like I don't get it they're treating
this very badly right whether he's
working for the Russians or he's an
idiot it doesn't really matter what's
gonna happen is one time they're gonna
go down and they're not gonna come back
up
right right and and then all those
overinflated stock prices are gonna
crash and we're gonna have a debacle on
our hands but even now at his so-called
height when you got all the
right-wingers on social media go oh the
wages are not keeping up with inflation
so what did you get out of that stock
market what did you get out of that
economy right so the executives got a
lot tell you this all the time because
it's important for you know top one
percent on average got a sixty one
thousand dollar tax break every single
year okay but you have lower wages when
adjusted for inflation that you did when
Trump came into office you like that
economy I don't like that economy yeah
and and some on the right will say well
stock markets doing well I mean it was
doing well and as we mentioned it is
turbulent right now
and so my 401k is doing okay my pension
is doing okay but when that when that
comes crashing down
what is Trump gonna do and and he's the
kind of person who just doubles down
he'll take a problem and he'll make it
worse
now Republicans realize that this is
going to be a disaster and so they're
thinking about possible actions to
mitigate the potential trade war or the
economic ramifications and they're doing
so quietly which shows you how
incredibly scared and weak they are and
it looked to be fair some politicians
have paid the consequences for speaking
out against Trump so that's probably why
they're trying to be cut quiet about it
but according to reports several
Republican senators are mulling whether
they should change the definition of
national security to cramp Donald
Trump's habit of imposing trade tariffs
on the US on so the reason why he was
able to unilaterally increase or tack on
tariffs for steel and aluminum is
because he said that it was a national
security concern of course it's not a
national security concern but that
what the president can cite if he wants
to do this without Congress getting
involved and so now Congress is thinking
senators specifically are thinking we
don't like this so maybe we need to do
something regarding that executive power
to kind of mitigate or hinder what he's
attempting to do look the donors are
still in charge and and this is a rare
case where the donors are right so
they're they're not right when it comes
to some of the trade agreements like the
TPP but when it comes to random trade
wars that doesn't help the economy it
doesn't help their businesses it also
doesn't help us right
so the Republicans work for their donors
so those guys come out and go hey orrin
hatch go kill this thing
so hatch he might be doing it quietly
but he did say Ã¬look quote about the
tariffs I'd like to kill him okay now
orrin hatch has spent most of the first
term of Donald Trump between Donald
Trump's buttocks okay and he has kissed
his ass so many times people lost count
but when the donors say hey Oren Sikkim
all of a sudden I'd like to kill Trump's
proposal you know I know but by the way
orrin hatch has been the most vocal
against these tariffs but keep in mind
that orrin hatch will not seek
re-election so he's not worried about
political suicide like all these other
right-wingers are yeah but they're all
but the right wing no no let's me look
but he cares about the donors there's no
question yeah no look it's to be fair
the Republicans they are on the right
side of this we should not do random
tariffs that make no sense that start
trade wars that hurt the economy okay
but these Republicans never ever oppose
Trump on anything cuz the donors
actually love the tax cuts they don't
care about anything else they don't care
about immigrants they don't care about
the hatred that he's spewing they just
like where's the money Lebowski and on
the issue where it's gonna cost them
money they go all of your Republicans go
vote against Donald Trump what happened
you guys I thought you were loyal to
Donald Trump so on this issue they all
will vote against them because at the
end of the day they still work for the
people who sign their checks too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
yo T YT subscriber and second is ring
the bell and when you do that on YouTube
you're notified of our videos
