back in 2017 the Trump administration
announced a new group within the federal
government that would help provide
resources to those who have been
victimized by these dangerous criminals
in the United States specifically
undocumented criminals it's known as the
victims of immigration crime engagement
also known as voice and now we have some
numbers indicating how many people have
called looking for help because they've
been victimized by illegal immigrants
well it's turned out to be a complete
and utter disaster for the Trump
administration they wouldn't tell you
that but we have the numbers that I want
to go into right now so the high demand
that the Trump administration
anticipated for additional resources for
victims of crimes committed by
undocumented immigrants has it
materialized nor has the office recorded
any evidence of the widespread
victimization of criminal aliens
criminally by criminal aliens as Trump's
executive order mandates
they have all these calls and less than
50 percent have anything to do with
immigration at all and even less have
anything to do with what that hotline
was created in the first place for so
since April of last year six operators
sitting at a call center in Laguna
Niguel California have fielded calls for
12 hours a day one caller asked to make
a reservation at a Trump Hotel another
caller wanted to report a coyote who
stole his cat well was the coyote
documented I don't know I mean we need
to see the papers dozens of callers
reported space aliens some going into
details of what dates they were abducted
by UFOs
hundreds called to denounce ex-spouses
neighbors and business rivals whom they
suspected of being in the country
illegally okay so those are just
examples of ridiculous calls yeah I know
before you get to more substance let's
just pause there like you open up a
hotline for right-wingers buckle up and
brace for impact
yeah okay oh man UFOs got me and then
this probe and that probe and the coyote
and besides which I hate my ex-wife can
you guys lock her up look to be fair I'm
they got a ton of prank calls from
people who do not identify as
right-wingers right like the alien calls
no no no Anna look unfortunately having
studied the right wing a little bit
online a shocking percentage of them
have mental health issues they did get a
lot of calls about lizard people oh of
course I made that up I don't know if
they got no I'm I would be shocked if
they didn't okay and look some of them
are definitely pranks okay and I bet you
an unhealthy percentage of those are
actual right-wingers who believe in
these same conspiracy theories okay it's
not far-fetched but let's look at the
bigger picture okay so of the 4602 calls
received between April 26th in September
30th last year more than half 2515 calls
were classified as unrelated or
commentary
it's totally right-wing so some 244
callers requested victim services though
the report notes that only a hundred
twenty-seven ultimately wanted social
service referrals another 254 asked
about the status of a case so look at
there have already been studies that
look into crime and whether or not it
has caught undocumented immigrants or an
influx of immigration led to increase
crimes in certain parts of the country
those studies indicate that no it has
not increased crime in fact crime
continues to drop and if you look at
specific communities where undocumented
immigrants usually live crime is much
less you know it is less likely to
happen because they're so terrified of
getting deported
they don't want to draw attention to
themselves and they're not criminals
they're not criminals that's what the
right wing wants you to think they want
you to focus on the powerless so you
you're not paying attention to them
while they're robbing you that's what's
really going off the Trump
administration homeboys using you know
his status and his power to benefit
himself in his own businesses right he's
making the the wealthiest people in the
country even more wealthy and we're all
focusing on people have absolutely no
rights and no power in the country it's
amazing let's just review 4602 calls a
hundred and twenty seven case
is that were actually referred to social
services that is a minuscule percentage
so it's unsurprising when you set up an
Orwellian dystopian agency where it's
called the voice victims of immigration
crime engagement and it's Orwellian
because as Anna pointed out it's the
opposite of what's true and for those of
you that go oh yeah yeah I see they're
afraid of getting deported that's why
they're committing less crime that was a
bush one know those stats about how they
commit far less crime the citizens are
from before Trump yep so it has
absolutely nothing to do with Trump
about on average people who are
immigrants to the country commit 50%
less crimes including undocumented
immigrants than normal American citizens
so if you want to get rid of the crime
deport yourself actually I mean
undocumented undocumented immigrants are
more likely to be victims of crime
because they don't have the ability to
just go to law enforcement or at least
they're too afraid to go to law
enforcement and report those crimes and
so you know they might get paid way less
than they're supposed to get paid if
they are working there have been
multiple cases of women who have been
victimized by domestic violence they
feel like they can't go to the cops and
report it there have been cases of rape
where women cannot report it so these
are things that you should keep in mind
as we continue to pick on the powerless
people in the country you know what they
would say to that womp-womp yeah they
would say that I mean Ann Coulter said
that when I brought up the issue of you
know Border Patrol agents sexually
assaulting and raping minors that were
attempting to come into the country
she's like well wouldn't happen if there
was a wall you know she's a hag so
whatever two easy ways follow young
turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
