now Ron Paul put out a terrible tweet
that I want to tell you guys about right
now but I want you to understand that in
this story this is not about just ron
paul or one bad tweet this is a very
very important story about the
right-wing overall in this country and
portions of the right-wing that have
gone to crazy places talking about this
one particular phrase and i'm gonna
break down what it means to you guys so
first let me show you the tweet Ron Paul
of course ran for president twice under
the Republican banner once under the
libertarian banner so three times
overall and he sent this tweet earlier
today he's now 82 years old so it says
why did you now the person commenting
there Jack Wagner says why did you
delete the first rap that he did but as
you can see there Ron Paul mentions
cultural Marxism there now I want to
point out the picture in the tweet less
so let's show you that Jesus Christ what
in God's green earth is that so this is
their idea of cultural Marxism they
think that it is the Communists led by
caricatures horriffic caricatures of
African Americans Latinos Asians and
Jews punching out Uncle Sam now I don't
know if Ron Paul meant to include that
picture he probably dropped his dog
whistle and and maybe he thinks well you
know what I I'm just gonna be honest I'm
82 years old you could tell people what
I really think and then maybe his son
called them and said hey I'm still in
the Senate and I can't have you being
this openly racist and bigoted and
anti-semitic while I still have a
political career remember I also ran for
president that's Rand Paul from Kentucky
I don't know okay I do know that he
tweeted it and it was horrific but
what's more important is the idea behind
it now of course after he got blowback
he deleted that tweet and then put up
this one where he says well you know did
I show you what my true feelings were
about those races I meant I'm against
political correctness now wait a minute
what is being against political
correctness mean anyway
well it means the same thing these
people want to help Blacks and Jews and
Asia's politically correct and that we
can't even insult them we can't call the
words we used to call them god damn it
that's political correctness I remember
when we used to put them in their place
that's what Rampal means and if you're
unclear about that you can go back to
his deeply racist newsletter he used to
put it in the 1990s later when running
for president it didn't look good so he
said I disavowed that stuff I didn't
know was going in my newsletter but let
me quote some of things that were in
there now Ron Paul didn't write these it
was it but it was in his newsletter they
said the criminals who terrorized our
cities and riots and on every non riot
day are not exclusively young black
males but they largely are so now 92 of
course after the 91 riots in LA saying
whether they're rioting or they're not
riding crime and violence is largely
african-american let's note the irony of
one group of people in this country who
violently enslaved lynched raped and
separated families and that was not
African Americans the African Americans
were victims of that but in their
perverse insane minds o African
Americans who were violent it gets the
poor poor whites now am i as stupid as
them so that I blame all white people
for that of course not we actually
believe that all human beings are equal
but they do not and that is the point of
this story he also they also said in his
newsletter back in the day 92 if you
have a UV of youth if you have ever been
robbed by a black teenage male you know
how unbelievably fleet-footed they can
be wow what a compliment thank you okay
that's who these guys are now more
importantly they talk about cultural
Marxism now some of you online might
have heard that term before from the
right-wing now I have been to just about
every progressive meeting that you can
go to and in all my time in all those
meetings with all the leaders of the
movement I have never once heard a
left-winger refer to cultural Marxism
there is in our in a open meetings in
on open meetings no one ever comes and
goes hey guys why don't we do the
cultural Marxism because that's lunacy
no one actually believes that but in the
right-wing paranoia and and deeply
racist bigoted anti-semitic etc by the
way if you're offended that it's racist
I would explain it to you because you
might have used a term not knowing its
origin you might have seen the term and
not know its origin but I'm gonna tell
you what it is and then if afterwards
you think ah yeah yeah it's a goddamn
Jews who came up with that and they're
trying to control us okay
then at least we're clear on it okay so
the left we never uses it and it's
perplexing and preposterous to us but
the right wing is obsessed with it and
thinks what's happening so what is it
well calleb karma mediate begins to
explain and then I'm gonna get into much
more detail
he explains however the term has even
more nefarious meaning among many on the
right who identify with the alt-right or
other white supremacist movement since
cultural Marxism has instead become a
racist dog was so claiming the influx of
non-white immigrants into America and
Europe is causing cultural decline now
now let's remember what the Ron Paul
tweet was are you stunned by what has
become of American culture well it's not
an accident you've probably heard
cultural Marxism but do you know what it
means okay
well alright so apparently it means that
American culture is under attack by the
multicultural idea of the left
okay let's dive in a little further so
now we go to Scott Oliver advice a
terrific story on this now he explains
one infamous example of the word
cultural Marxism and then explains the
different times that is being used in
America so let's go to that example
first on July 22nd 2011 in downtown Oslo
the right-wing extremist Andres Behring
Breivik who once gifted his mother a
vibrator okay that's irrelevant
detonated a bomb outside the Prime
Minister's Office killing eight he then
drove 25 miles to toya Island where
ruling Labour Party's youth rally was
being held and began an hour-long
shooting spree that n it was 69 more
dead most of them teenagers that morning
he had an electron
we distributed a 1520 page tract called
a European Declaration of Independence
decrying the rise of cultural Marxism
/ multiculturalism in the West so others
have thought this before and it's not to
say that everyone who's ever used the
word cultural Marxist especially if they
didn't know where it came from is Brevik
and is a monster that murders dozens of
kids but by the way not just Dylan roof
but also the park leader went to all
right sites and complained about things
such as multiculturalism so here we are
now let's dive a little further
Oliver explains the trope of cultural
Marxism has been steadily gaining
traction among the broad and diverse
entity that is the radical right
although hating diversity would balk at
you saying so so in other words they do
hate diversity but they say oh not us
okay
where it serves an umbrella term
variously responsible for such on
American and anti Western ills they
think as atheism secularism political
correctness oh there's the other word
that Rand Paul Ron Paul I'm sorry used
gay rights sexual liberation feminism
affirmative action liberalism socialism
anarchism and above all multiculturalism
let's just pause there even before we
get to more nefarious stuff they're
against multiculturalism well if you're
a part of a culture that isn't white
what does that mean so they're against
your culture they're against you overall
what are they saying I mean what are
black people supposed to do as an
example are they just supposed to bow
their heads and go you're right sir I'm
so sorry about my culture sir do not
include it in anything you do sir I'm so
sorry about my multiculturalism
I will now obey the white people is that
what they're supposed to do it just
absorb the absurdity of that I mean just
saying you're against multiculturalism
is almost by definition racist
so if I went around saying well I don't
like name it Asian culture for some
reason I don't like Asian culture it
should not be included in our culture
how would that not be racist that's the
definition of racism so if you're gonna
cry about that being called racist I
literally have no idea what you're
talking now we're supposed to include
other cultures yes yes we are it's
called America it doesn't say in the
Constitution it's only for white people
and obviously they we had a history in
this country where we got more
progressive and the Constitution got
amended so black people have got freedom
and and women got freedom and the right
to vote I guess they're opposed to that
I suppose they're supposed to be only
one culture and you think that one
culture is supposed to be black culture
do you think that the right wing thinks
that oh yeah yeah let's just go with
Latino culture no one in their right
mind thinks I didn't go and ask him they
will tell you now we have a certain
Western culture come on you think that
Western culture is a combination of
black Latino Asian Jewish and white no
no it is not where they're going with
this is super obvious to anyone who
isn't biased so but let's keep going
oliver says the ultimate goal of
cultural Marxism we're led to believe is
the slow slowly and stealthily dilute
and subvert white Christian Western
culture thereby opening sovereign
nations to rule by a one-world corporate
government yeah yeah the Latinos who
just cross the border without a dollar
in their pocket are gonna somehow rule
us all in a one-world government that
they manipulated if they're so good at
manipulating things why do they have to
cross the border illegally without any
money at all why don't they just go live
in their mansions but remember the right
way has lost its mind they think the
powerless have all the power but don't
look up up up above if you look up above
they're all the donors the corporate
donors giving money to the politicians
no no no they're really rich and
powerful they couldn't possibly be the
one that set the rules no the right-wing
politicians no no no they're not the
powerful
Muslims in America some have more power
there are almost no Muslims in America
what power do they have but if you're a
lunatic and you believe this stuff and
you believe conspiracy theories about
cultural Marxism that makes sense to you
okay so the theory goes that quote
cultural Marxism was a master plan of a
group of Jewish German academics who
emigrated into this country widely known
today as the Frankfurt School of
critical theory who fled Nazi Germany in
1936 decamping to New York that is where
this comes from and you will sometimes
hear the phrase the Frankfurt School
that is a it's not even a code word that
is a reference to the Jews who came here
and spread this cultural Marxism they
escaped barely escaped the Holocaust
they're a bunch of it people in
academics but it's not the people with
all the money that control sayings it's
not the people with all the power that
control things it's a bunch of long dead
people who barely survived the Holocaust
and apparently we're so powerful that
they brainwashed a whole country so that
we can accept blacks and Latinos and
Asians as well as Jews who would be so
stupid and anti-semitic enough to
believe that unfortunately a large
percentage of this country now by the
way there are now some Jewish Americans
on the right who talk about cultural
Marxism I don't know if they're deeply
ignorant which is very likely given how
stupid the people in the right wing are
and have no sense of history or they
know it and go yeah it started and
continues to be a deeply anti-semitic
conspiracy theory I mean you saw the
cartoon Ron Paul sent out today not in
the 1930s today with that Jewish
caricature in it but yet some right-wing
Jewish Americans look at that and by the
way here tiny tiny percentage of Jews in
America Oh
Jewish Americans vote about 70 percent
for the Democratic Party
don't let anybody
trick you into thinking that they are
right-wing they are not okay look at the
numbers look at the facts look at the
demographics okay but a tiny percentage
of these right-wing Jewish Americans go
yeah cultural Marxism yeah but the
blacks they're the ones committing the
crimes we gotta keep the Muslims out the
Muslims are bad it's okay to
discriminate against the religion as
long as it's not mine anybody who used
that term form any background at least
understand where it comes from and then
if you're super comfortable with this
anti-semitic beginnings okay at least we
know where you stand and by the way keep
saying beginnings it's not the beginning
it was the beginning the middle and the
end it's still here today it's still in
the cartoons it's still in all of their
ideology but nonetheless monsters like
Andrew Breitbart who has now passed away
and then obviously his website continues
picked up this baton here at maker in
America in the 1990s it began with
Lyndon LaRouche and and then Pat
Buchanan kept talking about Western
culture and we have to protect Western
culture
I interviewed Pat Buchanan on MSNBC I
asked him about how the Republicans ran
the southern strategy which was to get
white voters in America who did not want
the Civil Rights Act who did not want
african-americans to have the same
rights that war rights the same rights
and I said well it looks like time's
running out for you well it turns out
they had at least one more presidency in
them but at the time Buchanan said to me
we had a good 40 year run not even
hiding it so now back to Oliver arguably
the biggest boost for the conspiracy
came from its liberal use at Tea Party
rallies where it was fastened on to by
Andrew Breitbart soon to be making
cultural waves with this epidemic news
aggregation website focused initially on
the ills of big government big Hollywood
and big journalism the dark troika of
Americans America society's takeover by
cultural Marxism so now when you see the
right we're talking about big government
most of them have no idea about this the
background of cultural Marxism etcetera
they've just been brainwashed into big
government is bad then if you ask him
hey how about big government that gets
us into giant Wars that wastes all that
money they're like no no the military's
awesome we should give everything to
defense contractors so they actually
have
no idea what they're talking about
they're in favor of big government when
it comes to the issues of reproductive
rights Oh controlling women's bodies oh
I love big government I love it but but
even top big government is bad why look
at what Breitbart did big government big
journalism and an enemy of the state an
enemy of the people is Trump calls him
big Hollywood liberal Hollywood these
are all part of a plot by three Jewish
professors from decades ago it's so
embarrassing it's so deeply bigoted and
the list goes on so Oliver a final quote
says for Brevik Breitbart and others
multiculturalism is a strategic goal in
route to the formation globalist super
state erode the foundations of the
nation and the culture of its people and
hocus pocus you have monolithic
monocultural yet somehow also still
multicultural corporate rule man that is
mind-bending so they think somehow a
couple of professors from all that time
ago now control all the corporations of
the world how they're doing that
posthumously no idea but remember it's
the Jews everybody they're the ones who
started this and somehow all these
things have gotten controlled the
corporations and and then they rule us
but not for profit get a load of how
monstrously stupid that is corporations
must maximize profit but no no no no no
that's not the problem the problem is
three Jewish professors from 1936 hey I
have low wages it's not because a
corporation maximizes profit by giving
me less of the money and keeping most of
the money for shareholders and mainly
executives no no that's not it that's
too obvious an explanation the answer is
all the corporations in the world got
together and alike what should we do
oh let's do that cultural Marxism plan
they had from 1936 the corporations are
part of the Marxist plan how stupid do
you have to be to believe that now if
you've never heard any of this and you
just heard cultural Marxists and you
don't like
political correctness because somebody
told a joke and then people got mad at
the joke and you like jokes that's a
different story
that's why I'm telling you the reality
of it now but don't go around saying
that stuff because it has this
connotation that is really really ugly
and the point is to split us apart so
now if they don't want this mythical
corporate global rule of Marxist I can't
stand every time I say it it's
unbelievable how irrational that is okay
they don't want it so what do they want
well now we go to last one
David new word from Vice any explains
well there's two things that they are in
favor of white nationalism of white
supremacy depending on which can be your
in all right all light etc so any
explains there is quote little
substantive difference as that between
white nationalists who are mainly
concerned with establishing an all-white
ethno state and white supremacists who
focus on establishing the superiority of
whites and the inferiority of everyone
else but cultural Marxism is the problem
no the problem is some percentage of the
right-wing believe in insane conspiracy
theories but it is to the service of
their inclinations of racism bigotry and
anti-semitism you could like the minute
you mention those words people cry to no
end right they want to set up a white ad
no state politics literally their
playbook
it's like tennety politics we're saying
something very simple very American we
should all be together and be equal and
somehow that's the revolutionary I mean
it is because we did a revolution for it
back in 1776 and that was a wonderful
revolution and we said that all people
have to be treated equal and we started
to live up better and better to that
idea they say no I don't want your
multiculturalism I rule and you either
obey me or you get out and they
say but don't call me racist well I got
bad news for you if you use words like
cultural Marxism and you send cartoons
like Ron Paul did with deeply offensive
caricatures of other races and religions
yes you are racist and bigoted and
anti-semitic I'm not the one pushing all
these ideas the right wing is so if you
get upset at me for calling out what the
right wing is clearly clearly doing that
is definitely your problem and from now
on at least understand what you're doing
so if you're in that camp this is what
you're signing up for it and if you're
comfortable with it at least we have an
understanding if you're not stop
believing in these insane theories that
are meant to divide us too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
