well there is one Republican who is so
uninformed and is such a knucklehead
that he's actually made statements in
favor of Alexandria Acacio Cortes I mean
I'm happy that he's done this but I
don't think he understands what he's
doing which is fantastic take a look at
who this person is last night we had a
great evening because we watched that
television and we were winning left and
right they didn't know what the hell
happened and one of my biggest critics a
slovenly man named Joe Crowley got his
ass kicked
by a young woman who had a lot of energy
shed a lot of energy I guess he didn't
see it they couldn't find him looking
for days they still can't find him so I
that people don't like when he uses
their prophetic I don't care at all when
he says he got his ass kicked I don't
find no problem whatsoever for me I'm
the most shocking part of that clip was
that he knows the word slovenly by far
the biggest word he's ever used and and
then oh but he can't help himself he has
to comment about how they look they're
all like remember about his his cabinet
pics their look out of central casting
right and he originally didn't want to
hire Bolton because of his mustache so
he's like Crowley he thinks he probably
thinks in his mind he lost because he
Slaven me right which is not even true
it was obviously because of his low
energy come on all right
and and and so even though Ocasio Cortes
has been pretty vicious to his trumpet
including immediately after the like
she's saying he should be impeached
that's right yeah but he probably thinks
but on the other hand she looks good so
high energy she had high energy it's
amazing you clown you must and beat you
right so he'll turn on that later but
for now he's like he said after the
election that Crowley lost cuz he was
mean to the president wait till you get
a load of Alexandria about that clip
though is after he compliments Acacio
Cortes and her energy his you know cult
followers are like cheering for her
which is kind of fantastic I mean they
won't cheer for anything doesn't matter
if Trump is saying it they will cheer
burgundy will cheer for anything if you
put it in the mouth of Donald Trump so
thank you Republicans retreat cheering
at Alexandria Casa Cortez and I assure
you you're not the only ones and
I'm amused by the idea that this deeply
progressive candidate won because her
opponent was too mean to Donald Trump
which shows you he knows nothing about
politics right so any of you and if you
want someone who's gonna fight you
well she'll be your huckleberry two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
