so Larry Hogan the governor of Maryland
says absolutely devastated to learn of
this tragedy in Annapolis yeah
easy to say afterwards super easy five
dead the press attacked Larry Hogan has
an a-minus rating from the NRA
in other words NRA loves Larry Hogan
great job way to block all the gun laws
now Larry Hogan couldn't block some of
them because they were put in a place
before him in Maryland so that he is not
in favor of banning automatic weapons or
salt weapons but luckily Maryland has
that ban anyway but Hogan didn't want it
Hogan didn't want it so and then tragedy
after tragedy and Hogan pretends to be a
moderate and it's working relatively
well in Maryland people are tricked
deluded into thinking that he's a
moderate meanwhile the NRA is like an
atta boy atta boy Larry Hogan and why
but he tries to block the gun
legislation as much as humanly possible
then after the massacre in Florida he
comes on because well I mean we should
spend more on school security okay great
what do you want to do you want to ban
guns from schools no armed resource
officers just like Trump oh you want to
put more guns into schools well I'm
gonna spend money and you're gonna spend
money to buy more guns from gun
manufacturers that'll turn your NRA
score into an a-plus so well I'm kind of
in favor of domestic violence victims
being protected that's already in the
book updates or it's already proposed
over and over and in Maryland so it's
just the tiniest little little proposal
so you can go I'm a moderate I'm a
moderate no you're not no you're not you
you do a lot of nice little tricks on
disagreeing with Trump around the edges
when it almost never matters but the NRA
thinks you're not a moderate they think
you're awesome way to make sure there
isn't any effective gun control in
Maryland so the money in politics swamps
our politicians 93% of Americans want
federal background checks over 80% of
gun owners wanted over 70% of NRA
members wanted but the gun manufacturers
do not want it
in fact in the state of Maryland when
they were considering banning bum stocks
the very very minimum that you could do
that allows you to fire the weapons
incredibly fast and that's what was used
in the Vegas massacre the worst massacre
in modern American history what did the
nra do in Maryland they sent their
lobbyists to say no no the law is overly
broad it might affect the Ergo nam ik
status of some of the guns oh I'm sorry
am i bothering how you're handling the
weapon and how cool it looks and how
manly you feel when you hold a gun and
that's why we're not gonna ban bump
stocks and did Hogan fight like hell to
get it out and make sure that it passes
no a a a from the NRA a - that's just
that's Larry Hogan in a nutshell oh I'm
a moderate I got an A - from the NRA no
if you were a moderate you agree with
93% of America's and you get an F from
the NRA but no you don't and so by the
way Ben Jealous is running against them
he's a real progressive he just won his
primary he was on TYT Network just
yesterday and he said damn right I'd
been assault weapons of course he would
cuz some people actually care about
their citizens instead of giving bs
thoughts and prayers afterwards Trump
talking about thoughts and press spare
your thoughts and prayers what we
couldn't used is you not saying over and
over again that oppresses the enemy of
the people what we could have used in
Maryland and across the country's gun
control but we didn't get it from
Republican politicians because they are
bought and sold by the gun manufacturers
who run the NRA and so Larry Hogan
afterwards saying he's devastated know
we could have used your devastation
before before the shooting so that we
could have prevented the shooting so
every Republican who takes money from
the NRA has blood on their hands they
get paid to make sure that there's more
weapons they are unrestricted and that
the rest of us die but hey I got a
campaign contribution
you must be so proud wolf dash pack.com
get the money out if you don't get the
money out we're literally dying in the
streets because of these corrupt corrupt
politicians two easy ways follow the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a t YT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
