Modesto California the heart of the
Central Valley the boyhood home of
visionary filmmaker George Lucas as a
teen he cruised these downtown streets
it's an experience he immortalized in
his hip film American Graffiti finding
it now this Turkey tip while George
Lucas's Modesto's favorite son Luke's
car Mazo is Modesto's forgotten son Luke
was a Modesto visionary in his own right
but his efforts have a far different
result he's already served ten years of
a 21 year ten month sentence much of it
in solitary confinement ears of solitary
confinement not for being a violent
offender or a career criminal
Luke is serving decades in prison for
operating a legal California marijuana
collective in 2005 Ricardo Montes is his
friend and former business partner we
kinda know what we're doing the
beginning but eventually we just grew
into it and we just picked it up there
was nothing else in the valley anybody
that had any kind of medical issues
would have to go to the Bay Area to get
medical marijuana so he was the first in
the valley to do it today in Modesto
just an abandoned storefront remains
where the popular California Health Care
collective was located I believe this
was the waiting room right here and he
had soaps and shampoos and stuff like
that out here
in the backroom was a cannabis that he
sold we had staff members out front to
assist the handicaps and just assisted
people and also to check if they have a
valid California ID and a doctor's
recommendation before he can enter the
premises the collective earned nine
million dollars in 15 months and the
business paid two million dollars in
taxes it's high-profile success got
national attention like this sixty
minutes interview variously described as
a businessman a hip-hop artist and by
the government as a drug dealer which of
the above apply to you I'm gonna hit pop
artist first because that's what I've
always been and I'm a businessman second
but I'm not a drug dealer
which was a drug business correct
correct the business gave Lucas shot at
his dream of hip-hop stardom he
self-funded a big-budget music video
that got noticed
it was called the businessman and in the
video you see marijuana and and money
and the government did not like that at
all just weeks after the video's release
federal and local drug agents pounced
after they raided his shop they had
spray-painted on the wall whose f now
once they arrested US they're telling
that's all you're gonna do this much
time mm and our minds we just felt like
you know we paid our taxes we did
everything by the book you know why is
this going on among the 18 federal
charges against them
conducting a continuing criminal
enterprise it's a charge for kingpins
it's the highest drug charge you get in
federal government and if it carries a
mandatory minimum of 20 charged with
federal crimes their defense of
operating a state legal collective in
California was inadmissible at trial but
Luke's hip-hop video was admissible
prosecutors used it against them to
convince jurors that Luke and Ricardo
were drug kingpins at the time we didn't
know we're breaking federal law yeah I
understand we did break it I can't I'm
not gonna sit down tonight but the thing
is you can't have something as fun
against each other conflict you know we
want transferring stuff out of state
we're just giving it to patients you
know if we cross interstate commerce I
understand that's federal law but for
just in state and in in County I just
you know we felt like we were just
getting picked on Luke was sentenced to
21 years in ten months and Ricardo about
20 years with Appeals denied they both
were sent to federal prisons to do hard
time for selling medical marijuana it
really makes me angry to think that my
son is sitting in a prison rotting away
I mean where's the justice in that it's
so unjust
Luke's only child Jasmine scar Mazo was
5 at the time of the conviction the
first memory that pops in my mind is my
mom calculating two hundred and thirty
six months before anybody did and then
when I seen my mom start pouring down
and tear she was like that's 22 years
like what the worst part was the trial
he was the guilty verdict and having to
take Jasmine out of the courtroom crying
today she's 15 and has lived a decade
without her dad her only connection to
Luke are rare prison visits and
15-minute phone calls
I mean laying in my bed or just all of a
sudden all of a sudden having thoughts
about my father crying in class randomly
I had to not wear my heart on my sleeve
all the time when I was younger recitals
did come up my soccer tournament I was
super into sports and almost became
normal to me not to have him there and
it's not like I never stopped thinking
about it or wishing that he was there
but it kind of just became something I
had to deal with regardless cuz I can't
do anything about it
Ricardo Montes also has a daughter
together Nina and Jasmine joined forces
in 2016 to create a video of their own
hoping to attract a different kind of
attention but you can help change our
future please help us by signing you and
Shane
Spanish and urging President Obama to
free our guys and let them come home
dose when they mean that video it
touching your Luke was like site man it
kills you
having your daughters hurt because it's
not hard doing time the hard thing is
seeing everybody else grow up that's the
hard thing it is my strong belief that
by exercising these presidential powers
I have the chance to show people what a
second chance hoping for their second
chance Luke and Ricardo petitioned the
Obama administration for clemency we
submit it together so once he got denied
I thought I was gonna get denied and the
last day of Obama's presidency I was
granted clemency my dad deserved it too
but I'm glad that he's free you know I
was definitely happy for Nina I grew up
with her I was so happy that she was
able to have her dad back in her life
finally because that's everything I want
I'm believe they're judging him not just
for the video but for his past he he had
an infraction in his past which you know
as a child we made mistakes and it was
just a typical fight and someone got
injured and and that carry on his record
for the rest of his own life so I'm
still after 10 years very emotional
about it just my youngest son and now if
he does his 20 years I hope to be alive
when he gets out I can't really imagine
when 25 year old me would do with my dad
but I know if he was released to me now
I would just want to spend the rest of
my days with him it's just a terrible
injustice you know yes the president
could do what he should do is give
clemency to Luke
then with a stay compliant medical
marijuana dispensary and you know to
have those type of sentences with rape
child molestation and murder carry only
a fraction I don't like to give up hope
you never know
Luke's a good person and I know that if
he was to come out he'll be a productive
citizen in society and you know now that
says up to Trump's administration what
they decide now hopefully to decide in
Luke's favorite
I just want to get out be a daddy
