you've got the Justice Democrats that
are going into Congress now you already
have three incumbents from melody I'll
go holla and roh-roh kana and it looks
like at least four of you are definitely
going to win you Rasheeda Talib Ilhan
Omar and Ayanna Presley and then many
others have an excellent chance of
winning whether it's James Thompson or
so many others across the country
there's 26 candidates still in the
general elections so if you have a
caucus what's your plan for the Justice
Democrats I think one of the things that
we'll definitely need to do is is be the
party or at least be the cohort that
makes the case I think that right now
we're operating way too much in other
people's frames and we can be the cohort
of people that makes the case for the
broad agenda that frankly the American
people are asking us to advance and I
think that what we can do is we can
inject a lot more political courage in
our system I think there's a lot of fear
based decision making and we need to
come from a place of strength and I
think that if there's anything that the
Justice Democrats embody it's the
strength of our mission and the
confidence of our platform because
ultimately we know that what we're doing
is right and it doesn't matter if it's
it doesn't matter about the short-term
consequences or what's politically
popular in the short-term we are
concerned with what the right thing to
do is and I think and I hope that you
know it's it's one of my goals but I
know that all of us we can we hope to be
just a voice of moral clarity not just
within the party but within Congress
overall so obviously I didn't know
you're gonna say that but I I have to
say I love that one too my personal
slogan used to be for a long time
proceed from strength and and so when
you have strong progressives that are
uncorrupted which is the whole point of
just Democrats making a strong case for
progressive priorities it's going to be
fascinating to see what happens in
Congress to see how the media reacts to
it and and I for a long time we have not
had progressive
power in this country and the fact that
you guys are about to seize some power
and a growing slice of the pie is going
to be something to behold
so this time around whether it's
fortunately the mainstream media seem
biased against it or the Republicans
they better brace for impact let's not
forget how JD started JD started with
right here on TYT viewers and supporters
we laid out kind of this grand vision
and at the time it was just that it was
just an idea but it was a feeling like
we had to do something in this cycle and
we had to do something in order to make
sure that the progressive movement had
has had an avenue of power in the 2018
midterm elections but it was just an
idea and it was up and you know TYT
viewers and supporters and just JD
viewers and supporters people who heard
and saw the idea came out and they
supported it with small dollar average
contributions and then they went on to
fund many campaigns with small dollar
average contributions to this day my
average contribution is twenty eight
dollars and I know that JD's average
contribution must be around there too
and it was just with that early cohort
of people who believed that that we now
have four overwhelmingly favored
candidates to be seated in Congress and
potentially more once November 6 rolls
around so you always have to remember
that it's it's a small group of people
who believe that always change the world
and always change this country and never
think that just because we're not at 52%
or 60% that we're losing really it's so
long as we're trying we're making
advances
