Patrick Nelson was just Democrat I had
him on the show before Dylan Ratigan
joined the race at Patrick's a really
good guy really smart guy Dylan Ratigan
is as a friend of mine and was a member
of the Young Turks staff he was a
contributor for us that that's obviously
very important to us that makes a
difference I guarantee you if Michaels
running for Congress I'm going to
support him okay John will have a
conversation but and and Dylan also did
one other thing he gave me my first
break on TV that's true he did it I had
already had a couple meetings with MSNBC
executive's thanks to you guys the TYT
army you had got me in the door with
your incredible campaign to put me on
MSNBC this was many years ago of course
but that didn't that didn't finish it
despite those couple of good meetings
and despite the possibility that existed
you had to have a host ask for me and no
one did except Dylan and he asked yeah I
want that crazy guy from the internet to
sub in for me and and he and Jimmy Dore
had a show and and Dylan was always
fantastic about it you have to notice
that in news on television some of the
anchors are wonderful
a lot of them are very competitive and
do not want competition and so they're
not interested in some crazy guy from
the internet was gonna come in and get
great ratings etc and and I did and in
the beginning when filling in you guys
showed up in mass numbers and you did
throughout but especially when I was
doing those guest appearances the
numbers were through the roof any other
per host not any other host but a lot of
the hosts would have been like none of
that guy anymore instead he kept having
me on the show and having me on the show
because he actually cared and he's a
great great guy and he's brilliant and
he's an interesting and sometimes
radical thinker and it would have been
great to have him in car
and and so I called Patrick at some
point and and I said look I got it I got
a support Dylan because of all these
reasons and I didn't you know I was just
absolutely upfront with him and he said
I get it I get it
and and I think either one of them would
have been way way better than Petra Cobb
who is a Hillary Clinton supporter I
don't know a thing about Tedra
personally I just know that I'm in the
Bernie Sanders camp I'm in the
progressive camp and that's not the camp
necessarily this she said I wish her a
lot of luck in that race and I'm
positive that I would prefer her to the
incumbent there Elise Stefanik Stefanik
is supports Donald Trump an overwhelming
percentage of the time while pretending
to be a moderate I think Dylan would
have beaten her easily and I hope that
Petra Cobb beats are easily in the 21st
district now that's not an easy district
for the Democrats but it is certainly
doable and so I hope that tetra cob runs
a strong campaign and when that fights
for progressives on her side and she had
a great showing tonight
so it's certainly possible and she's got
that fight in or apparently so I wish
Dylan or Patrick would have won and I
think they're both wonderful people and
good candidates but as it turns out
Petra who's a local there who'd been
building a base ran a good campaign and
won
