obviously like I think that this is a
good stand-in for sort of the way it
will be interpreted by many other people
and I'm having a little bit fun I do
generally respect Nate Silver I think
that he's serious you just don't take he
analyzes the results then he applies
some of his preconceptions of biases
just ignore that part no I just came up
with a perfect thing for for nate silver
i have the silver standard okay hey
so one everybody thinks he's the gold
standard in in in judging the polling I
think he's the silver standard I would
argue that and I know this sounds
terribly obnoxious but that we've done a
better job we have you can go back and
look at the tapes and you can see the
analysis that we did including Trump
during the primaries and Trump during
the general election okay and then but
also that my silver standard is that I
respect Nate so I expect better out of
him he doesn't have a low bar he has a
high bar and so he should be clearing
that high bar but you don't clear it
when you go okay I will conclude things
based on you know my preconceived
notions instead of the numbers and the
facts yeah and it seems to me far too
often when the establishment wins
well attaboy well of course then that's
because their voters like these kind of
voters and when progressives win I got
17 different excuses yeah and yes asleep
at the wheel
yeah demographic changed yeah yeah yeah
wasn't at the wheel you have 3.3 million
dollars he's out Spencer ten to one you
don't win by a nice healthy margin
against the guy who's never been beaten
in a primary who's been in the house
forever
just because they're a little bit of
sleep at the wheel okay that's not how
it works something annoying I just saw
maybe I'm being a stickler ap politics
put out a tweet basically calling the
election let me read the tweet for you
breaking US Representative Joe Crowley
defeated by a young challenger in
Democratic Party in New York a
Democratic primary in New York who you
want to give her name young challenger
yeah she just took down the fourth most
powerful Democrat in the House and will
take his seat so I tweeted back to them
with her name and
that they should get used to it they're
gonna be hearing it a lot in the future
no but that is indicative so look in the
beginning there was just the young turks
covering her campaign she did not get
the media coverage in the beginning none
of these candidates get it because the
media is incredibly dismissive of both
progressive candidates and uncorrupted
Kennedy so like yeah but you don't have
a giant amount of money but then we
pounded away at it and by the end
Alexandra does such a wonderful job and
you could tell that Crowley was in a
panic as he asked for debase which an
incumbent never does and then the media
Turner was like yeah yeah yeah this is
an interesting race a ton of a profiles
that rubber and they did and it was
great but even I bet you there's a lot
of people at place like The Associated
Press who never heard of her because
they didn't bother covering it well we
you know we challenged yeah we got news
for you you should have covered her from
day one you should cover all the Justice
Democrats going forward and and just
Democrats was the first to help her and
all throughout but I also want to give
credit to other wonderful groups that
join and then I made a difference our
revolution move on democracy for America
they were the cavalry they came in and
helped and they were great and thank you
to them someone called Politico that's
another win for our revolution what
happened all right come I never see you
report about their wins or are we right
I said in that political article where
they attack our revolution
they said Kerry Eastman oh they won
without our revolution well she was a
justice Democrat she wasn't a stunning
upset where's the article about that
you know who's asleep at the wheel not
just Crowley but all this managed to
impress like Politico and so credit to
all those wonderful groups that join as
well
and and finally the very I think the
very first day that we launched the just
Democrats and talked about it on The
Young Turks I said the Democratic Party
is an aircraft carrier but it's a ghost
ship they they have a lot of money and
it's a big fancy boat but they have no
vision they have no energy they have no
fight in them we're a pirate ship at the
time we had just launched this is gonna
be a complicated right no but I said
I said I could we could board that ship
and take it over because a lot of people
look good well-meaning people said oh no
start a third party go found your drift
into the middle of the ocean no you
could start a pirate ship board the
aircraft carrier and take it that's
prayer okay and where historically you
know what's also rare the number four
Democrat in the House losing to someone
who The Associated Press has never heard
of
