thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt a new york
times investigation has discovered that
Jared Kushner has paid nothing in
federal income taxes for years and he's
done so by taking advantage of a tax
loophole that donald trump refused to
close in his new tax laws now for
several years running Kushner appears to
have paid almost no federal income taxes
this is again according to the New York
Times investigation in fact Kushner's
family company has spent billions of
dollars buying real estate his personal
stock investments have soared and also
his net worth has quadrupled to almost
324 million dollars
quinta bolt o quinta bolt even more Wow
okay so obviously his business dealings
have not led to more losses versus
earnings but that is not what his taxes
indicate in fact he claims that there
have been considerable losses which is
what has led to him not having to pay
federal income taxes Kushner his company
did not appear to actually lose money
the losses were driven by depreciation a
tax benefit that lets real estate
investors deduct a portion of the cost
of their buildings from their taxable
income every year okay let's stop right
there um this story enrages me okay I
knew would know it makes me crazy it
makes me crazy
so this tax loophole get a load of this
the whole point of this loophole is look
real estate depreciates which we all
know isn't true and so as a result you
know we don't want to discourage real
estate investors from being real estate
investors so we want to give them a tax
break because we believe that real
estate depreciates wait I didn't know
real estate depreciated I mean in some
instances it can
we all know that right so in certain
areas if there's a loss of jobs in that
area whatever there's a number of
different but he's buying up real estate
in places like New York can someone tell
me like maybe I'm wrong maybe I've been
living in some weird alternate universe
with Kanye West like is realistic
depreciating in New York and do these
poor real estate investors need a huge
tax break I believe that at the end of
every year I receive a supplemental
property tax because the value of the
small condo I own goes up it actually
appreciates and I have to pay more in
taxes so what's going on with with Jared
Kushner is he special so yeah let me
diamond here first I want to be really
clear
he really has not done anything illegal
here so it's not like a wink and a nod
or he got away with it this is perfectly
legal okay now and an almost every real
estate company does this and and I'm and
I say almost just to be safe but I think
every one of them does it and because
it's because they're allowed to do it
now that's where the problem is that
they're allowed to do it so and and why
are they allowed to do it
so is depreciation something that's real
yes okay for example machines depreciate
so if you have a business that involves
a lot of heavy machinery they do have
wear and tear throughout time and it is
normal accounting practice to figure in
depreciation and then the government
takes that into account in your taxes as
an appointed out could some buildings
and some properties depreciate they
certainly could if you did a reasonable
allowance for that perhaps it's it's
understandable I think it is
understandable now the reality is in a
lot of the major cities in our lifetimes
they've largely not depreciated they
have greatly appreciated in value they
have gone up in value greatly yes so
that's why this law seems absurd so
especially allowing them to take
depreciation at the levels that they are
allowed to take it so why does it exist
for the reasons that almost no one ever
talks about which is real estate
industry is our
Orma stoners - not just federal
politicians but in this case and I often
defeat defend state politicians but no
in this case the state politicians on a
massive level absolutely and so there is
enormous corruption that leads to this
depreciation loophole existing in the
way that it does and it is enabled by
Republicans and Democrats throughout the
country one of the most famous examples
is Andrew Cuomo in New York he is in bed
with real estate companies they give him
a small amount of money and he gives
them billions of dollars back in
allowing them to take these kind of
depreciations because there is campaign
donors and that screws over to taxpayers
in a monstrous rates and Jared Kushner
is just a small and even though it's
such a big number it's a small example
of how much money it costs the
government of of New York the state of
New York and federal taxes because these
guys get away with it and the other part
that I want to add real quick is Donald
Trump on the Republican has said no
we're gonna do giant tax cuts for
corporations but we're gonna take away
the loopholes in this case not only did
they not take it what about in every
case they did not take away any of the
loopholes it was a total lie a gigantic
monstrous slide they didn't take away
any of the loopholes including the
specific ones that Donald Trump promised
he would take away like the hedge fund
one okay but in this case they actually
increased the loophole and what a
wonderful coincidence that it turns out
the president's son-in-law
and the president are both in real
estate so they're the ones who would get
to take advantage of this more so that
they would pretend their property values
are going down when in reality they are
going up and they would get to pay no
taxes even though they're making
hundreds of millions of dollars on these
properties that's not an accident
that's called corruption and that's
exactly what Trump did in order to be
able to avoid all taxes whether it's
legal or not and the whole system is
corrupt so let me just jump in with this
fact okay the properties that Jared
Kushner owns have not depreciated yet he
claimed that they depreciated in order
to take advantage of this tax cut so
there I
that if the IRS is willing to do its job
they should look into the claims that
these properties had depreciated and
just verify that's all I'm asking for by
let's verify if his New York real estate
somehow magically depreciated while the
value of every other building in New
York has gone up a lot okay
so by the way I just want to be clear
it's by depreciation in terms of law
so the property values don't actually
have to go down that's why the law is
absurd and that's why the real estate
guys paying off the politicians totally
worked and that's why it's so corrupt in
the first place and and in the case of
Jared Kushner like his father-in-law he
is deeply incompetent so the largest
investment he made in 666 Park Avenue
actually is a disaster and and and so
that actually did lose value during the
2008 crash and and is still in in
trouble but it doesn't have to actually
lose value for him to claim depreciation
there's one extra layer of absurdity
he puts almost no money into these
buildings so some of the investments and
I don't know how he does this because
this is outrageous they only put 1% or
less down that's a house of cards to
begin with that's a separate issue but
so it's not he's not actually even if he
were losing money it's not his money but
yet he's going to deduct it from his
taxes this loophole is outrageous
especially the size of it and it is only
because they're able to buy our
politicians because we've legalized
bribery in this country a depreciation
tax cut that has nothing to do with
depreciation great ok
yeah but if you're rich and you can buy
politicians you can get them to write
into any fiction you want into the law
and that's exactly what they did here
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
