I know what you hit but you hate it get
ready because you're about to see how a
lot of Trump supporters who are too
uneducated to draw their own conclusions
about individuals act when they confront
a brown person in the wild hmm I wonder
where there's no lumbar support I want
to talk to your manager looking racist
grandma got this idea from they're not
sending their best they're rapists
I just I just can't seem to place my
finger on it they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime I just can't seem
to figure it out yes yes she does
except it's not just news it's Fox News
most aspects of popular culture prone to
exacerbating negative stereotypes years
of Republican fear-mongering
anti-immigration sentiment Democrats
efforts to compromise to appeal to a
non-existent base instead of
counter-messaging effectively if I were
working hard no no no just so you all
understand this person is radicalized
just because you see people like her all
the time and you hear shit like this
every day around yourself does it mean
that these ideas are normal if she was
Muslim for example and had this to say
about a white person working on her yard
we'd probably get some sort of policy
banning travel from countries that have
people like oh because no matter what
you can't reason with a radicalized
person with facts
I got receipts Karen Esteban is a US
citizen and a systems administrator who
does landscaping work with his mom
however even if he was an undocumented
immigrant undocumented immigrants still
actually give far more than they take
with sales taxes but also with their
contributions to Social Security which
is around thirteen billion dollars a
year while the immigrant population has
risen 118 percent since 1930 crime has
gone down 36 percent because immigrants
both documented and undocumented are way
less likely to commit crimes than
natives basically the myth that
immigrants are more likely to commit
crimes does not align with the mountain
of empirical research facts don't care
about your feelings but let me explain
why none of this matters with my white
supremacist cookie show
ok today we're gonna be making delicious
American racist
first off y'all's are gonna want to find
a lukewarm angry shitty person now when
it comes to people typically y'all want
to find ones that are less educated and
the older they are the better then
you're gonna want to splash some
scapegoats into the dialogue sugar now
you're really gonna want to blame all
your problems on brown people don't be
afraid to apply this bullshit liberally
and doing all that will really bring out
the tribalism that exists internally in
all y'all then then you're gonna want to
cook all of this under a presidential
gas lot for two years and there you have
it
bone Apple Tate America
