now a lot of people are upset about what
Maxine Waters said about Republicans and
bothering them in public so I want you
to have the full context we're going to
show you what she said and then I want
to show you what Donald Trump has said
in the past let's watch now she say
punch them she didn't say assault them
she said the worst thing she said was
push back on them but you could tell
them the context of the conversation she
means and and by the way you might
disagree with this and I don't love it
and I've had that debate on the show
yeah let them or or tell them that
they're not welcome okay but the context
of her quotes is self-evident and you
just saw it for yourself now 24/7 cable
news goes ballistic every Democrat a
Democratic leader goes out there and bow
down and apologize oh so what's on civil
now and and give it a little bit of rare
credit here to MSNBC normally we do
these compilations but they did a great
job here and put a link to the whole
segment for you guys in the description
box
they had a compilation of Donald Trump's
comments from the rallies let's and this
was well before congresswoman waters
ever said anything let's see who was
actually uncivil and called for actual
violence if you see somebody getting
ready to throw a tomato knock the crap
out of avoid you serious
just knock the hell I promise you I will
pay for the legal fees I promise
the guards are very gentle with him he's
walking out like the big high fives
smiling laughing like to punch him in
the face I'll tell you alright yeah get
him out try not to hurt him
if you do I'll defend you in court don't
worry about Hillary wants to abolish
essentially abolish the Second Amendment
by the way and if she gets to pick
if she gets to pick her judges nothing
you can do folks
although the Second Amendment people may
be there is that or not that is so much
worse than anything anyone on the left
has ever said that was in public office
I mean the punch them in their face is
already an order of magnitude worse than
what Maxine Waters said but the Second
Amendment people maybe there's something
you can do about Hillary Clinton and
we're having a conversation about who
started it we're having a conversation
about who's more uncivil that's a real
conversation
now that's false equivalency that's
total nonsense now one of the reasons
why the mainstream media cares more
about what Maxine Waters said and less
about what Trump said is because Maxine
Waters went after people that are in the
elite and the establishment those are
Trump administration officials
protesters that's just you guys he
encourages people to punch you assault
you that's not as important is it right
now to be fair a lot of people did
criticize Trump for those things earlier
and again you hear credit to MSNBC for
putting that compilation together but to
have a conversation about comparing
Maxine Waters comments the Donald
Trump's is already outrageous but to
pretend that Maxine Waters is the one
that caused the lack of civility in
America is over-the-top outrageous now
one last thing in case you're wondering
has Maxine Waters ever suffered from
violent threats from Donald Trump
supporters well I'm glad you asked
there was Anthony Scott Lloyd who called
in and said this to Maxine Waters and it
was captured on our answering machine
and then the police went and talked to
him because he said if you continue to
make threats towards the president
you're going to wind up dead Maxine coz
will kill you
of course he also threw in the n-word
and did anti-gay slurs
but she already got those kind of
threats now and if
you're a person involved in this
controversy you might know that but
nonetheless Trump undeterred went on to
tweet this congresswoman Maxine Waters
an extraordinarily low IQ person now
that is hilarious coming from Donald
Trump I don't know if his IQs in the
double digits anyway yeah he continues
low IQ person has become together with
Nancy Pelosi the face of the Democrat
Party by the way Nancy Pelosi denounced
her but he doesn't care about the truth
anyway
she has just called for harm to
supporters of which there are many of
the make America great again movement
and then he adds ominously be careful
what you wish for max to a person who's
already received death threats from his
supporters now you tell me Maxine Waters
started the problem that's really the
conversation that's going on on cable no
no we know who started this and and and
there's a reason why people are acting
out in the streets and in restaurants
and in movie theaters and all across the
country we have given them no outlet the
left has been pushed and pushed and
pushed and overall the American
population has been pushed by the
establishment and given no outlet your
votes don't matter as as much anymore
the donors rule everything in
ninety-three percent of Americans
believe that the donors are the ones
that the politicians listen to not the
voters so if you have no democratic
outlet eventually things are going to
burst it's a bad idea I don't want it to
happen but this is exactly what we
warned the establishment about and they
thought oh no no no there are no
pitchforks I Got News for you there are
pitchforks and it's not a good thing but
now apparently both sides have them two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
