so Jimmy Fallon had Donald Trump on his
show a while back and he asked them no
hard-hitting questions and he played
around with his hair he got a lot of
criticism for that you know I don't know
if that's his chopper now but he
responded and he said I'm sorry I don't
want to make anyone angry I never do and
I never will
it's all in the fun of the show I made a
mistake I'm sorry if I made any one man
and looking back I would do it
differently again I I'm not vigilant on
that I really like Stephen Colbert and
Jimmy Kimmel and I and I and I like that
there being a lot more passionate about
their views on air and I think that
works better but everybody has a right
to do their show in their own way but
for whatever reason Jimmy's got a lot of
pressure Fallon did and decided to put
out that statement Trump's gonna respond
in a second and it's gonna get crazy of
course but one more from Fallon he said
I did not do it to quote normalize him
or to say I believed in his political
beliefs or any of that stuff okay so
it's a mild very mild statement no
problem either way but of course Donald
Trump does not take it mildly instead he
attacks so he sent this tweet he said
Jimmy Fallon Fallon is now whimpering to
all that he did the famous hair show
with me where he seriously messed up my
hair
you really you're complaining about that
it she's what a child this guy's
president Jesus and that he would now
have done it differently because it's
said to have humanized me he's taking
heat he called and said monster ratings
be a man Jimmy okay as you're about to
find out
that's a monstrous lie as usual this I
mean it's a fun little story about Jimmy
Fallon and the president but it does
give you an insight into how
pathological Trump is we're gonna get to
that in a minute Jimmy Fallon did
respond in a tweet again very calmly in
honor of the president's tweet I'll be
making a donation to races in his name
and race is an organization that helps
young immigrant kids and families so so
Trump in one of his campaign style
rallies in South Carolina decided to use
and take it to the next step and he's
going to attack Jimmy Fallon let's watch
did you see Jimmy Fallon
Jimmy Fallon
the guy screws up my hair it's going
back and forth he's lost he looks like a
lost soul right he gets out there Hey
hi oh but you know what he's a nice guy
I agreed to do a show and because I
guess I was running at that time I think
I was right it was he got tremendous
ratings on that sure killed everybody
right
he should be thankful he didn't be upset
and angry and he really hurt himself so
I said Jimmy you called me up after the
show and you said thank you for the
incredible you called the monster
ratings they were very big ratings I
said thank you Jimmy that's very nice
I said don't hurt yourself by
apologizing so I said to him today on
social media I said Jimmy be a man just
relax just okay so let's put aside that
the president is putting on a show
and does this antics that I might less
he reaches his own audience in that way
to me the most interesting part is a
very specific discussion of a phone call
between him and Jimmy Fallon
so Jimmy Fallon then went on the air and
responded first was just fun the second
parts important first part is he says as
you may have heard the President of the
United States went after me on Twitter
he said so Melania if you're watching I
don't think your anti-bullying campaign
is working okay so that's fun and it's
true it is curious that she chose that
campaign of all campaigns but here comes
the important part he then went on to
say and he said he called referring to
Trump and said monster ratings first of
all I've never called us human in my
life I don't have his number I don't
want his number I've never said quote
monster ratings I don't know what he's
talking about
by the way Donald I don't know if you've
seen my ratings the past few years you
didn't help my ratings but really thanks
a lot thanks for nothing so now who do
you believe you believe Donald Trump or
you believe Jimmy Fallon because they'd
say completely different stories one
says I called him and any Jimmy Fallon
thanked me for his monster ratings
his number ii-i've never called that guy
in my life now any reasonable person
knows Jimmy Fallon's not gonna make that
up he's not even a political guy I don't
even know what his politics are and I
don't care about his politics he got
heat for not being political when he had
Trump on you think Jimmy Fallon would
make up a story about how he didn't call
Donald Trump when he in fact he had that
seems inconceivable so think about it
what a pathological liar the president
is so out of whole cloth to make up a
story oh you're done afterwards he calls
me and he says thank you mr. president
for my monster ratings you know he
called me yeah yeah that's it he told me
that yeah what a loser
what a sad sad little baby to go around
to pretend that people call you and he
can't get it through his head
you knucklehead you're the president I
know you're obsessed with television and
ratings and old as the host of The
Tonight Show you're the president you're
more powerful you're bigger but no he
can't help himself because he's a
pathological liar oh yeah he called me
that very important person called me and
they want to tell me how great I was
he gets the ticket and all these
Schmucks out there
Trump motors a trabajar like yeah yeah I
bet he did
I bet Jimmy thanked him for it idiots
total suckers all Trump ever does is run
scams and his last scam is on you two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
