Republicans have aggressively gone after
Elizabeth Warren alleging that she lied
when she claimed that her family history
included a Native American ancestor now
she has proven through DNA testing that
she did in fact have a Native American
ancestor but Republicans tend to project
and we have a recent example of that now
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy
apparently has a brother-in-law who lied
and said that he's a Native American in
order to receive no bid contracts that
earned his company more than seven
million dollars this is based on a Los
Angeles Times investigation and I want
to first be very clear that so far
there's absolutely no evidence that
shows that Kevin McCarthy played a role
in this but his brother-in-law certainly
did appear to lie about his heritage and
it did help him profit considerably so
company owned by House Majority Leader
Kevin McCarthy's in-laws won more than
seven million dollars in no bid and
other federal contracts at the US
military installations and other
government properties in California and
again this is all based on dubious
claims of Native American identity by
McCarthy's brother-in-law now the one
thing that I think is a little
suspicious is the fact that these no bid
contracts were awarded by the federal
government for military bases basically
in McCarthy's District in Bakersfield
okay so let's go to graphic 20 the prime
contracts awarded through a federal
program designed to help disadvantaged
minorities we're mostly for construction
projects at the Naval Air Weapons
Station China Lake in mccarthy's
Bakersfield based district and the Naval
Air Station Lemoore in nearby Kings
County so these are again in his area
but that could be a coincidence
no no so let me explain I just want to
jump in with the McCarthy angle for a
second
so LA Times did a very long
investigation of this and they don't
have evidence linking McCarthy to any
government officials saying like hey
make sure that my brother-in-law gets a
contract so we want to be clear and fair
about that I want you to understand that
now having said that McCarthy has been a
staunch advocate in Congress for funding
and staffing China Lake which is where
his brother is getting these contracts
so he's like I want to make sure
McCarthy says that they get plenty of
money for this project and that money
happens to go to his brother-in-law
partly and he spearheaded successful
efforts to expand the borders of that
region which could also help his
brother-in-law and when asked about it
this is the part that really got me he
said I have no involvement awareness or
even knowledge on which employees
military personnel or contractors
complete the work really you don't know
that your brother-in-law has a deal in
that particular area that's in your
jurisdiction and that you have lobbied
for in Congress no that's totally not
believable
they're they're close they they built a
business together before it's not like
some distant relative he doesn't see you
don't know that your brother-in-law has
that contract that's a total lie
you could have left well enough alone
they have no direct evidence of you
trying to help them right right
you're just generally saying hey we
should give more money in that direction
right exactly so there is a little bit
of that for context now I think the lies
of his brother-in-law far more egregious
exactly so look the the big problematic
issue here is lying about your identity
in order to receive no-bid contracts
from the federal government and it
appears that's exactly what he did so
lying about being part Native American
just so you can game the system to your
advantage and make a lot of money so the
name of the company that his
brother-in-law was part of is vortex
construction and it received a total of
seven point six million dollars in these
no-bid contracts and other prime federal
contracts since the year 2000 now vortex
faced no competitive bids for most of
the contracts because of the Small
Business Administration accepted wages
so it's a claim that he made in 1998
that he is a Cherokee Indian by the way
the name of McCarthy's brother-in-law is
William wages and wages
says he is one-eighth Cherokee an
examination of government and tribal
records by the times and a leading
Cherokee genealogist casts doubt on that
claim he is a member of a group called
the northern Cherokee Nation which has
no federal or state recognition as a
legitimate tribe so now let me break
down wages is what I consider to be lies
that I think are fairly obvious so first
he says no I never talked to Kevin
McCarthy or my sister that's it
McCarthy's wife obviously about politics
ever okay and I decided that back in
1995 that's a curious decision you made
because at that point Kevin McCarthy was
not a politician he was years away from
running for his first office as a minor
local official who says hey you know
what this random dude that's my
brother-in-law I think he might go into
politics many many years later I will
never talk to you about politics
preposterous lie my sister you're banned
from politics too okay then he said that
he never talked to his sister about
their Native American heritage one why
would that be a philosophy of yours or a
principle of your so straight right and
and number two what we're saying not to
talk to your sister about okay hey where
do you think we come from hey I will not
discuss that with you it almost seems
like you're setting up a defense here
okay so then in 1998 he says he didn't
know about being Cherokee at all but a
cousin told him that their paternal
great-great grandparents was a home were
a hundred percent northern Cherokee now
it's one thing and this is partly
relevant in today's news because of the
Elizabeth Warren DNA test showing that
she's Native American it's one thing if
your family members like in the case of
Elizabeth Warren or maybe in this case
told you hey you know I hear the great
great great grandparents were northern
Cherokee there you go that's cool that's
fine right so Elizabeth Warren never
acted on it never used it to her
advantage no one disputes that right in
this case the guy is like great I knew
it
obviously it's true no DNA test northern
Cherokees a sham organization no other
tribe recognizes uh I'm I'm
so he then immediately applies on a form
saying I am a Native American I'm a
hundred percent sure that I'm my
paternal great-great-great grandparents
from northern Cherokee and I need the
contract but not only that in the form
they filled out they said that he had
been quote subjected to racial or ethnic
prejudice or cultural bias or have
suffered the effects of discrimination
because of his identity as a Native
American he faced so much discrimination
that he later went on to receive no bid
contracts to the tune of seven point six
million dollars that's the kind of
discrimination that most minorities deal
with in the country I have a very simple
question for anyone of any political
persuasion if he didn't know that he was
Native American until 1998 and then he
immediately applied for contracts
how was he discriminated against when he
didn't even know he was Native American
and no one else did well that's an
unanswerable question because wages is
clearly lying damn prosecutor TJ's sorry
and so should they review these
contracts I mean I think the no-bid
contracts driving me crazy under any and
all circumstances I don't care if it's
further set asides for Native Americans
or it's for contracts in the middle of
the Iraq war for a Dick Cheney's former
company okay and and Republicans I don't
know why you would ever agree to no-bid
contracts which Dick Cheney got a
thousand of them for his own contractor
hyperbole but not by much okay for his
own company when you're supposed to
believe in free markets so this guy
claims oh yeah northern Cherokee gave me
a a a certificate by the way the
certificate also total fraud they say oh
yeah the Missouri recognizes us as a
tribe no Missouri voted they voted no so
the house would yes the Senate didn't
vote at one point it got to the governor
when the governor vetoed it and you know
the governor was John Ashcroft okay so
they're like no this is you're not a
real tribe and so saw his cousin tells
them that he's part of a tribe which
isn't a real tribe because of seven
generations ago he immediately gets
no-bid contracts worth millions upon
millions of dollars
and his brother-in-law's district both
before Kevin McCarthy became the
congressman from there and then later
under a different company in a different
name after McCarthy was a congressman
there okay see that's how you use fake
claims of Native American heritage to
enrich yourself you don't have to look
to Elizabeth Warren you won't find it
there as she proved definitively today
but you could just turn to your local
Republican because whenever the
Republicans accused someone else of
doing something you can write it down in
stone that they themselves actually did
it the TYT Plus app is now available on
iOS and Android download to get more TRT
content at TYT comm slash app
