Joe Crowley is considered the fourth
most important Democrat in the house why
because he is among the people who
raised the most amount of money from
corporations and large donors including
not just Wall Street and he's from New
York and he he does have a huge funding
base in Wall Street but also from the
health insurance companies now before he
was primary he had not signed on for
Medicare for all that's a bill that
existed in the house Joe Crowley seemed
to have no interest in it whatsoever and
right as he's about to get primary and
the just Democrats put tremendous
pressure on a lot of the members of the
House to sign the bill and said why
aren't you signing it why aren't you
co-sponsoring it all of a sudden Crowley
had a come-to-jesus moment he's like oh
right Medicare for all future chart I
meant that well let's look at the money
and see if actually he does mean it so
first of all Tarbell here wendell potter
doing some great reporting talk about
the five top health insurance companies
and who they've given to and how much so
he explains as of last week according to
the Center for Responsive Politics the
five packs from the top five health
insurance companies had donated 1
million six hundred thirty five thousand
five hundred dollars to the campaign's
of members of the House now that's a ton
of money that's actually more money than
they donated during 2008 and 2009 during
the heat of the Affordable Care Act
lobbying so they're very concerned that
Medicare for all is deeply popular in
the country it now stands at 60%
popularity if we had a democracy we'd
have it tomorrow but instead both
Republicans and Democrats take that
money tell people pretty little lies and
then never actually do it so now let's
find out if Crowley's in that bunch
well the biggest beneficiaries of the
insurance cash is representative Joseph
Crowley of New York of course the number
four Democrat in the House who has made
no secret of his ambition to become
House speaker only two other House
Democrats have received more money from
sure is packed so far this year then
Crowley so look at that he actually
takes a giant amount of money from the
health insurance companies gee I wonder
why they keep giving him the money do
they think that he means that when he
says Medicare for all or do they know
something we don't know now Joe's always
been on their side and he's gonna stay
on their side they're not throwing
around millions of dollars to have
people vote against them I know that
suckers on TV tell you that oh no no
these politicians are honorable and they
take the money of these corporate donors
and never deliver for them but the
corporate donors are so stupid that they
give them the money again and again and
again because corporations don't care
about return on investment I mean this
is a preposterous stuff they want you to
believe on television right no of course
they take the money and do as they're
told now more explanation from Potter at
Tarbell does the first time in his
congressional career that Crowley has
faced a serious primary threat and he is
raised and spent far more than Acacio
cortes to protect this seat that's
Alexander Acacio Cortez who's in an
election with him tonight by the way
polls close at 9:00 o'clock Eastern in
New York so you can still vote Crowley
has raised the kid a load of this three
million three hundred and fifty four
thousand three hundred and seventy
dollars to date with less than 1% of
that total coming from individual
contributions of $200 or less almost 70%
of the three hundred thousand seven
hundred nine dollars Casio Cortez's
raise has come from small individual
donors she says the average donation to
her campaign has been $18 so one side
says the little people that give less
than $200 I'm so unconcerned with you
guys less than 1% of my donations come
from you don't care cuz I got 3.3
million dollars from my corporate
friends that's ten times more than my
opponent has but all of a sudden he's in
a little bit of a panic and he debated
or a couple of times which is very
surprising for an incumbent must have
had some poll numbers going
even though 3.3 million dollars might
not help you
meanwhile alexandria kasi of cortez
cortez raises her money 70 percent from
people giving less than $200 now who do
you think they're going to represent do
you think crowley after taking all that
money from the health insurance
companies is really gonna fight for
medicare for all do you think after
taking all that money from Wall Street
he's gonna go out there and fight Wall
Street or do you think that he's gonna
serve the people who have given him
millions of dollars
Alexandra kasi of Cortes on the other
hand also will probably have pressure to
support her donors well lucky for you
guys you're her donors most of you who
gave under $200 the election is today
the voters of New York have a very
important decision
if Alexandria Ocasio Cortes wins and now
she has gotten enough media coverage to
be very very competitive and apparently
crowley's internal polling shows that he
is in trouble so if she wins it's an
earthquake
the establishment will be shocked by it
this young woman with almost no
resources no institutional help just it
started with the Justice Democrats
backing her and now some other
progressive groups that have come in and
been greatly helpful versus this person
that they Revere in Washington because
he's so good at raising corporate donor
money if she wins David beats Goliath
that also gets decided tonight two easy
ways for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
