someone in San Francisco called the
police or as she alleges pretended to
call the police on an eight-year-old
girl who was selling water outside of
her apartment in an effort to raise
money for a Disneyland trip now this
story went very viral over the weekend
with the hashtag permit patty because
the woman who confronted the
eight-year-old girl accused her of not
having the proper permits to sell this
water now a video of the incident went
viral on Twitter so I want to share that
video with you and then I'll fill in all
the blanks this woman don't want to let
a little girl sell some water she called
police on an eight-year-old little girl
you hide all you want the whole world
don't see you boo
yeah and illegally selling water without
a permit yeah on my property it's not
your property
okay look like the park this kind of
woman who has taken time out of her
workday to call the police on a little
girl called like raising money to go to
Disneyland with a fake eye it's a mad
lib I know with a fake call is like one
second this is the real police like
thank God for her sake I was misbehaving
on I hate pointed sympathies on him and
I would always believe it whoa Wow I'm
gonna call the police on you right right
right but the best like if this was like
15 years ago she would be on the phone
and there would you hear like mmm
she'd have two legs powering literally
how her in behind a slot like that she
knows is exposed
can you imagine we're debating something
on the show and then all of a sudden you
feel embarrassed Hanna you can't hide
from me your story doesn't hold water
I'm calling the police
okay okay so I heard the
she hid but I didn't see it until now
and it was fantastic okay there's one
more video which we'll get to in just a
second
in that video permit Pattie whose real
name is Alison at all explains that her
life has been a living nightmare since
that video has gone viral now let me
fill in the blanks apparently an 8 year
old girl by the name of Jordan again
wanted to raise money to go to
Disneyland her mother had recently lost
her job times are tough and so as she's
selling this water very close to AT&T
Park Ã«til argues that the little girl is
being too loud and she's trying to get
work done in her apartment that's her
argument and so when she approached and
asked the little girl to stop selling
the water I guess she was met with an
angry mother at least that's her side of
the story either way it seems as though
there is this pattern of people calling
the cops on individuals who don't who
aren't really posing any type of threat
right so look with that said let's go to
permit paddy on The Today Show
explaining her case tried to be polite
but I was turned and and I said please
I'm trying to work you're screaming
you're yelling and people have open
windows of the hot day can you please
keep it down all kinds of threats
horrible horrible images and death
threats I feel about yeah I mean look
she like you know what the world is the
world is unfair and what I mean by that
is when you're living in a big city and
you're living in a building things get
loud like I have neighbors that I can't
stand like I can't stand them I've
yelled at my neighbors realize I can't
stand them yes I've talked about this
excessively on on the postgame show for
you but I mostly just like them because
they're constantly bothering me you know
I want them to stop and so but I also
understand that living in a building
means you're gonna deal with noise that
can sometimes be disruptive you're gonna
deal with other humans being humans
because you're living in a building
and so we don't have video of how the
interaction first started but it didn't
have to get to a point where you're
gonna call the cops on an eight-year-old
girl who's selling water right but I
also feel terrible for her because I
don't want this to ruin her life I don't
want people to threaten her I don't want
her to be afraid I don't want her to
lose her job or lose business which has
happened she's apparently an owner of a
marijuana dispensary for pets god bless
her that's the Lord's work that's what's
so shocking her job seems awesome she
gets pets hi
so it's called treat well health and
some of the people that have done
business with her have now pulled out
because of this viral video so again I
don't want all these negative things to
happen to her but I do want people to
just stop and think about their actions
before they act okay I have an I have a
neighbor story when I was a kid the
neighbor across the street was a Navy
SEAL former Navy SEAL and next door to
that neighbor was a guy who had a
rooster and that rooster didn't really
understand that like we have alarm
clocks now you can take a nap so every
morning like 4:30 in the morning my
neighbor would be woken up by a ah
and the thing is Navy SEALs have certain
Arsenal they keep with them through the
time when they're done being a Navy SEAL
and so one morning after extensive
warnings it was law he took a crossbow
oh my gosh and shot this rooster with a
crossbow don't do that that's
overreacting
yes but like I get okay like he's
getting a she this woman was getting
annoyed and it was a hot day and like I
think we all could have like that really
crappy response yeah like that's selfish
of me because I know I've yelled at my
neighbors when they I know they were in
the wrong but I've yelled at them too
much and and it's ruined my relationship
with them I want to give this woman a
pass cuz like her job seems cool she
gets pets hi she yelled at a little girl
she pretended to call the police maybe
she was having a tough time maybe when
she was a kid
you really wanted to sell lemonade but
her mom was like shut up you need a
permit for that as an excuse and a lie
to this poor defenseless little girl and
she's taking it with her until this
moment I I'm a firm believer in earplugs
earplugs are my favorite they're good I
sleep with earplugs every night I
literally can't sleep without them just
you live in San Francisco near a stadium
just use some earplugs instead of
threatening to call the cops on an
8-year old girl now the story does have
a happy ending for the eight-year-old
girl since this story went viral people
have donated Disneyland tickets to her
and her response is very sweet let's
take a look somebody seen the video on
Twitter right and guess what they know
you want to go to Disneyland and they
bought you four tickets today I'd have
the same response if someone gave me
Disneyland tickets but not out of
happiness out of sheer fear that I now
have to go to Disneyland which I hate I
got a season pass so yes yeah I showed
it off to the Wysocki family earlier
today because they just went to
Disneyland that sounds fantastic two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
