there have been a number of Trump
administration officials who have been
bothered or harassed while they've been
out in public enjoying meals or watching
movies and now the right-wing is pretty
furious about it but is there really
reason to be furious when policies that
the Trump administration has been
pushing or statements from the Trump
administration have essentially lied to
the American people like is it it
doesn't make sense to be angry that
other people would be angry at those
things that's the question
yeah it depends on the way in which
they're angry there have been a lot of
examples of it there have so I'm gonna
give you one of the more high-profile
examples that happened over the weekend
so the Red Hen restaurant in Virginia is
located in a part of Virginia that
actually disagrees with the rest of the
state it is a part of Virginia that
essentially voted overwhelmingly against
Trump and the people living there find
Donald Trump and his administration to
be deplorable or or maybe deplorable
isn't the best word because it brings up
Hillary Clinton but they disagree with
his divisive policies now with that said
apparently Sarah Huckabee Sanders ate at
the red head head restaurant over the
weekend and she was asked by a manager
to leave because they did not agree with
her being there they felt that it went
against their morality on Friday night
the White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was told by the
co-owner of the red head restaurant in
Lexington Virginia to leave the owner
did not want Sanders there in part
because she works for a quote inhumane
and unethical administration all right
now Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted about
it and of course that led to a lot of
backlash and also a lot of people
supporting Sanders saying that hey the
left wing has gone too far
but Stephanie Wilkinson who is the
co-owner of the restaurant says the
following I'm not a huge fan of
confrontation I have a business and I
want the business to thrive this feels
like the moment in our democracy when
people have to make uncomfortable
actions and decision
to uphold their morals I explained to
the restaurant I explained that the
restaurant has certain standards that I
feel it has to uphold such as honesty
and compassion and cooperation I said
I'd like to ask you to leave so Sara
Huckabee Sanders agreed and politely
left and apparently she had offered to
pay for the meal
but Stephanie Wilkinson says they
offered to pay I said no it's on the
house
so Trump has chimed in on this debate
and of course did so in in typical Trump
fashion he said the Red Hen restaurant
should focus more on cleaning its filthy
canapes doors and windows badly needs a
paint job rather than refusing to serve
a fine person like Sarah Huckabee
Sanders I always had a rule if a
restaurant is dirty on the outside it is
dirty on the inside what if you're dirty
on the inside
Trump must be dirty on the outside yeah
pretty much
this is so weird that last tweet is just
like the weirdest part about it that the
President of the United States is making
a statement like that and talking about
like the Red Hen restaurant in Virginia
right and how it's dirty on the outside
and it like it's such a weird like old
adage from an uncle about like here's
how I choose a restaurant yeah you know
what Trump consistently does but it just
flies under the radar he punishes people
for political speech yeowch is against
the First Amendment of the Constitution
yeah it's no but it's true I mean he
blocks people on Twitter who criticize
him he essentially blocking them from
you know seeing the president's tweets
he he punishes people when they protest
I mean he speaks out against them the
NFL players it just happens to be one
example and then he goes after a
restaurant that practiced its
constitutionally protected free speech
rights right so how constitutionally
protected is that that's up for debate
it's different from the kind of rights
that you have when it comes to like
religious freedom and sexual orientation
discrimination or whatever but to me
it's just this situation that with the
the co-owner of that restaurant handled
it is really the most telling to me she
was like she seemed to be in a weird
position because it's not like she said
get out of my restaurant she's not
saying you need to leave I disagree with
all of you it was she went how to vote
among the people that worked at the
restaurant they felt like they needed to
do something and it and really where a
lot of people are at that I think we can
get to the heart of it it's like we
don't know what to do necessarily
because it used to be you were confident
enough in the security of the freedom of
the press and freedom of expression
where you didn't feel like you had to go
to your battle stations all the time yep
it used to be like oh I'm sure if you
live if you're at the Red Hand which
seems seemingly is on the outskirts of
DC you have you it is a cool cute place
kind of place I'd want to go if I want a
vacation I'd go to the red end because
they have like really good plating
skills but when all that it's just
strange that like that owner felt they
needed to do something otherwise she
probably would have been like all right
it's a Sarah I'll give you Sanders I you
know my group of people that work here
we're largely progressive and then she's
largely conservative and she doesn't
have but we'll let her have her meal but
in this situation I think a lot of
people are just disoriented at not
knowing how much the president truly has
chipped away at the fundamental strength
of things like freedom of the press and
freedom of expression the security of
our democracy and that's scary yeah I I
think that what happened here was not an
instance of progressives disagreeing
with conservatives because we've had a
long history of two political parties to
dominant political parties who disagree
with one another and these types of
incidents didn't happen with this
frequency right because especially over
the last few weeks we see more and more
cases of you know Kirsten Neilson
getting heckled while she or her ass I
should say while she's at a Mexican
restaurant in DC same thing happened
with Stephen Miller while he was also at
an upscale Mexican restaurant in de
carve out a genre of food you will not
enjoy while you're being super anti
Mexico
I know I know so here's the thing uh
things are different
under the trump administration yeah
right I want to be as clear as I can
possibly be in that I do not support
physical violence at all and I never
will however I think that in this day
and age protesting the divisive nosov
this administration is an obligation by
the left wing because the left wing has
you know supported and upheld civility
for a very long time while the other
side has never done so just think back
to the political conventions the
Democratic convention the Republican
National Convention that's what I'm
talking about
I mean the type of anti Hillary apparel
that was sold outside of the Republican
National Convention was the furthest
thing from civil now I wasn't a Hillary
Clinton supporter in the primaries as
you guys all know but you know they
called her every name you could possibly
imagine
but you didn't see similar behavior on
the left and the left keeps talking
about how we need to compose ourselves
how we need to engage in civil debate
how we need to debate ideas no but it
hasn't worked as we've sat back and
allowed them to take charge and play
dirty all of these different rights have
deteriorated and so that's my issue I
have no problem with what happened to
Sarah B Sarah Huckabee Sanders what I do
have a problem with is that the Trump
administration is often a corner crying
and moaning about it while they
celebrate private businesses being able
to turn away gay couples looking for a
wedding cake so that's a different
that's a specific difference there's a
lot of people are saying like well if if
you think that we should be we shouldn't
be able to turn someone you know there's
a whole like equivalency between like
the gay wedding cake thing and throwing
Sarah Huckabee Sanders like if you're
gonna force us to give someone who's gay
a cake you gotta force that person to
let Sarah Huckabee Sanders eat there
that is the most ridiculous argument
because one thing is the type of person
you are
so that is someone's like I refuse to
make your cake because of your gay yeah
right that is a type of person you know
the Red Hen turned Sarah Huckabee
Sanders away because of the specific
individual she is individual actions
that person has taken against giant
swathes of kinds of people yes so that
is a specific action that is in the
morning on the damage report Brooke
Brooke Thomas pointed out like that this
is a no shoes no shirt no service like
you have chosen personally to do things
that are bad be you personally have done
this right not because York just fall
into a category of people that crawl
into my bubble and refused to interact
with it there's a lot of difficult
specifics that people need to get into
that that might flesh it out more but
just like that is the gay cake thing is
going after someone because of the
general type of person than they are
right the red hen is like Sarah you are
we don't like you personally because of
the things you've chosen to do and
you're insulated you're protected you
haven't suffered consequences right and
by the way your meal is free yeah no I'm
and look now they're protesters outside
of Kirsten Nielsen's home as far as I've
read no one has physically harmed her no
one has put a finger on her yet going to
her home makes me slightly uncomfortable
me too but at the same time I also by
the way one other thing that makes me
100% uncomfortable do not under any
circumstance target family members or
especially children okay don't don't
even go don't talk to the children don't
harass the children don't do any of that
that's where I definitely draw a line
but you also have to remember that
protests are not meant to be convenient
convenient protests get you nowhere and
so don't let people intimidate you or
stop you from voicing your opposition to
these administration officials let me be
clear the administration officials the
people the very people who are either
complicit or pushing for
policies that continue to rip this
country apart two easy ways follow the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you are
notified of our videos
