a federal judge has decided to throw out
stormy Daniels defamation lawsuit
against Donald Trump and the reasoning
behind it has everything to do with the
fact that Trump had finally conceded to
paying stormy Daniels the $130,000 in
hush money prior to the election so she
would not speak publicly about their
affair now the federal judge District
Judge s James Otero had suggested during
a late September hearing that he was
skeptical of Daniels claim on First
Amendment grounds the ruling also has
ordered
Sorby daniels to pay for donald trump's
legal fees so now we should not like
this ruling because in the traditional
conventional way of thinking because
Trump has won and decisively so so much
so that he his attorney fees will be
paid and and you know I'm glad stormy
Daniels came forward about the
allegations I'm glad Michael avenatti
represented her and and and brought to
light the fact that they had by all
accounts seem to have violated campaign
finance laws and in fact Michael Cohen
of course has pled guilty to some of
those charges so that seems incredibly
clear and it's very important for the
American people to know that their
president has broken the law okay
so but I don't disagree with this ruling
I really really agree with this ruling
yeah so I and they say hard cases make
for bad law that's a saying in law so
here might you might think it's a hard
case cuz how do you ever want to rule in
favor of Donald Trump but to me it's a
no-brainer and I'm really glad the judge
ruled this way and I'll tell you the
principle reason why I think that
because what stormy Daniels has said is
that since Trump said that she that her
allegations were not true he had defamed
her okay but whenever anyone is sued
they have to say if they believe it or
if they're gonna defend the lawsuit that
it's not true so and what a lot of times
lawyers do is they pile on they go AHA
you just called me a liar defamation so
it's a catch-22 by definition
and there's just no way around it right
you either have to say either say
nothing and never ever defend yourself
publicly or say it isn't true in which
case they go okay second lawsuit now
we're having fun we're racking up legal
B fees etc and legal B's perhaps okay so
I think the rule is exactly right and
this is they're both public figures at
this point and and stormy Daniels is
right about everything else but on this
issue I think that's a meritless claim
and and yeah if you bring meritless
claims you should have to pay attorney
fees etc yeah I agree with you I don't
want to be labor this because it's still
painful because it involves Trump but
you're right you're right I mean she I
should say he Donald Trump publicly
conceded that he he allegedly paid the
hush money himself you know in order to
prevent the campaign finance laws issue
of all of this but that undoes whatever
defamation she was accusing him to begin
with yeah and look to this day Donald
Trump claims that he did not have an
affair with her yeah for not for having
an affair okay
do you think Donald Trump goes around
giving people hundred thirty thousand
dollars for things he didn't do okay so
anyway that's super clear but that's
part of the point here it's super clear
but to me the most important part of
this ruling today is the overall
principle that if you sue someone and
they say it's not true you can't then
sue them again and say wow you called me
a liar while defending yourself from
this lawsuit you literally have no
option but to say it isn't true
if you think it isn't in order to defend
yourself so that's why I think the
judge's ruling is exactly right two easy
ways fall young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
