giant rola 40 White's he restaurants
have apparently become no-man's land for
conservatives over the past couple of
weeks with the news that we just found
out that Sarah Huckabee Sanders the sort
of head press secretary for Donald Trump
was booted from a red hen restaurant in
Lexington Virginia late last night now
of course this comes on the heels of
Chris Nielsen the Department of Homeland
Security had being booed out of a
Mexican restaurant and was one other
someone Oh Stephen Miller had someone
shouting that he was a fascist again I
think the Mexican restaurant which I
don't think is any coincidence they're
all leading Mexican recently but anyway
soggy Sanders went to this restaurant
and apparently the owner went and talked
to her employees and asked what they
thought about this situation they they
wondered what message they would be
sending by allowing her to to remain
there and so they voted and they voted
to tell her to leave so she went and she
talked to Sarah V Sanders and Sarah had
to be Sanders left which of course she
is very frustrated about as that even
would be so I want to say first off I
think just let people beat at your
restaurant
I despise Sarah Huckabee Sanders as much
as probably anyone else in this country
I think that all she has done for about
a year now is lie to cover for
absolutely horrendous statements for
horrible policies and I think that she
does a great deal of damage to this
country in protecting and shielding
Donald Trump from a very justified
criticism and I'll go into more depth in
that and a little bit later that said
just let her eat and then have her go
you know just literally that way it
doesn't become a gigantic story because
of course this head this has so she has
been complaining about it all of her
followers are saying look at the the
left they're not supporting her free
speech or free eating habits or whatever
now of course there has been some
interesting hypocrisy here because many
of the people who are supporting her
felt that the the bakery owners should
be allowed to not serve you know people
based on their religious beliefs
apparently religious beliefs more
important than political beliefs the
interesting thing of course is that most
restaurants do say that they can eject
someone for any reason they want
now there are protected groups that you
can't do that for and you know based on
certain things you know grace and things
like that but being a liar it's one of
those protected categories in there
there's no honest person in this country
that doesn't say that she has repeatedly
ad nauseam hundreds or thousands of
times lied to cover for Donald Trump's
crimes and along the way by the way she
said she just wants to she wants to be
respected the same way she respects
people and that's what she does she
respects the American people but she
doesn't respect the American people when
she lies about what's happening at the
border she doesn't respect the American
people when she lies to cover for the
dozens of women that have accused Donald
Trump of sexual harassment and sexual
assault of his statements about you have
shithole countries and how immigrants
from Haiti all have AIDS and all of this
look we could go through hours and hours
of covering the various things that
she's lied for so are you really shocked
that after doing that and being paid to
do that some people around America don't
want you to be associated with a
restaurant now again I think just let
her eat there but I also sort of
understand there was a cafe recently
that had they let Fox and Friends
broadcast from there and many of the
regulars stopped coming because they
didn't like that this restaurant owner
was apparently allowing their place to
be sort of linked or affiliated with the
Trump administration and so in
capitalism you got a wonder you know if
I allow this person to eat here if I
pretend that this is perfectly fine what
message am i sending to my other
customers and again I think let her eat
there I think it's way simpler but I do
understand and it looks like I mean I'm
not sure I'm sort of trying to watch the
comments as they come in to see what
people think it seems like it's airing
towards people thinking she should have
just been allowed to eat there but if
you think they should have booted her
just put in the comments a hashtag
booter and that way I'll be able to
easily see them it seems like people
probably are erring on the side of this
being a bad idea although a lot of
people of course are sympathetic to it
and it brings up see I'm seeing a booter
come up um or hashtag not booter I guess
I don't sing as booters now and so there
would be some patter of recognition
there by the way really if I have to run
off at any second it's because my dog is
wandering around in this park that I'm
in there's a lot of booters coming in
okay maybe I was wrong maybe people want
a booter but anyway so the larger
conversation though is how should we
approach people that we that we despise
that we believe stand exactly opposite
all of our most closely-held I'm seeing
some not booters but a lot of a lot of
booters that's a lot of boot or some
dope odors so how should we act should
we should we yell shame should we yell
that they're fascists should we kick
them out of restaurants I don't know any
individual one of these acts does make
me uncomfortable I mean I very much
believe that we live in a society and
there's certain social niceties that
have to be observed for for things to
work for people to get along but at the
same time are we supposed to simply like
lay down in the face of the rise of
American fascism are we supposed to do
that to over the past 24 hours
he's been once again going on a national
campaign of propaganda trying to make
people believe that all immigrants are
criminals that they're all rapists and
killers are we supposed to simply allow
that are we supposed to simply sit down
and say hey sort of sucks the soaking
racism across the country that's
unfortunate I don't think that we can do
that I think that the stakes are way too
high
let me see where my dog is no still okay
yeah I'm the fascist step see the here's
the thing fascist doesn't just mean you
don't like the person it's actually
their their historical precedence it's
an ideology a combination of views on
nationalism the military the economy and
things like that so it doesn't just make
sense to call leftists fascists that
doesn't actually make any sense I know
I'm arguing with someone who's not
remotely interested in the truth but
anyway so look overall I just wanted to
pop in to say that I don't think that
this is necessarily a good idea
but at the same time I do think that we
need to have a national conversation
about how to approach these sorts of
people because
they are out there they are proud
they're stoking hatred and in many cases
violence against a number of different
communities and I don't I'm not simply
going to sit down now I can use the
limited platform that I have to speak
out against it but I'm not everywhere
but a lot of Americans are and they're
going to choose to act how they want to
I noticed even senpai has noticed you
anyway
thank you guys for watching this this
quick impromptu video by the way if you
haven't already started watching the
damage report on YouTube TV it airs
every weekday from 9:00 to 10:00 Pacific
time 12:00 to 1:00 Eastern Time on
YouTube TV if you don't have YouTube TV
you should we've got a lot of awesome
new shows on there and you can get a
free trial by the way you can also
follow me on Twitter at John I de rola
so thank you for watching and I'll see
you soon I'm actually gonna be on the
first hour of The Young Turks on Monday
with ana kasparian so we'll probably be
talking a little bit more about this
come Monday
you
