TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the Jimmy
Dore show so now nobody does comedy like
Jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often he irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio the little girl who was featured
in a photo that went viral in relation
to the zero-tolerance immigration policy
apparently was not separated from her
Honduran mother now this is a
two-year-old girl his photo of course
has gone viral not just the original
photo itself but the time cover
featuring the little girl being stared
down by Donald Trump and so the update
to the story is that the little girl was
not actually separated from her mother
that's according to Dennis valera who is
the little girl's father he has spoken
to the press both CBS and to the
Washington Post and said no they were
both detained but they were detained
together the girl's father told The
Washington Post on Thursday night that
his child and her mother were not
separated and a US Customs and Border
Protection spokesperson confirmed that
the family was not separated while in
the agency's custody and so
conservatives are now jumping on this
saying you say that it's fake news it's
fake news they weren't even separated
yeah but 2,500 minors were separated and
this also symbolizes and perfectly
illustrates how traumatic it is for a
little girl little kid to see her mother
get patted down and arrested right in
front of her whether they were together
or not in the end yes that matters but
it still shows how traumatic the
situation is for children involved by
the way just so you know the reason that
you couldn't get a lot of pictures of
other kids who actually were separated
is because they're in detention centers
so and the government doesn't give you
access to them Zakhar ingolstein a
progressive democrat in maine as a
candidate he drove all the way from
Maine down to the border to bring toisan
and and and blankets and and books to
the kids he was arrested they won't even
let us congressmen and Senators into
most of those buildings and now the
other part of this is that I actually
don't think a lot of outlets I could be
wrong about this but it was in our
reading of it and our coverage of it
not a lot outlets said we know for sure
that that girl was separated they just
said it's a crying girl at the border
and yeah if you want to say hey they
said that at the same time that they
were talking about it kids being
separated that's true but I don't know
that everybody made that connection but
it's always good to find out the facts
and unlike the other side were having
there to say fantastic they weren't
separated that's good right the other
side was like oh yeah oh but they I
think they were I think they were right
they just they deny it they strongly
deny it every week for that impressive
you know what I think is really
interesting how quickly they found so
much information about this little girl
her backstory her father and indued eyes
you know they tried to demonize the
mother for leaving her other children
you know in America these are the images
that are gonna be embedded in history
forever about this period of time the
black woman in Louisiana standing in
front of the Swat during the Alton
altern Stirling case with her hands out
like this with all of the people with
all the the riot gear this little girl
is a representation of all of those
little girls and little boys who are in
detention centers who people cannot
locate right now that we are raising
money to find and help and you know I'm
just so tired of hearing this whole
thing about the the media the the fake
news the news that's real to us because
we're going out into the communities
with the actual people who are being
hurt by this is that this is not fake
this is really happening
and whatever media outlet spins whatever
it needs to spin for it to tell their
story this is real to those people who
are suffering the people you keep
calling illegal immigrants and the
natives are here to tell you they're
still alive they're still around to let
you know that you two are illegal
immigrants on their land yeah one of the
weirdest things about this story and it
happens quite a bit with with a lot of
the issues that we see is that it
quickly devolves into these weird meta
debates about how we're supposed to talk
about them like I remember seeing people
like measuring chain-link fences whether
to see if we can call them cages that
we're putting the children in or not or
whether it's fair to compare with the
separation of children from their
mothers to what happened in the
Holocaust like it just it becomes a like
this weird kind of meta distraction over
the central issue which literally
stealing babies at the border from their
from their parents I mean it's just it's
so bizarre how we keep doing this so
I'll give you I'll give you an example
of you know these ridiculous meta
debates I was debating Michael Reagan
today on Fox 11 which is a local Fox
affiliate on this issue on immigration
and I used the phrase children being
ripped away from their parents and he
stopped he's like they're not being
ripped away from their parents I'm like
okay how would you characterize it do
you think that these kids are just
pleasantly walking away from their
parents like giving consent no they're
being ripped away from their parents
that's exactly what's happening here and
so it's a distraction it's a way to
distract from the real issue at hand and
that issue is a policy that is
needlessly cruel and unfairly
characterizes people looking for asylum
as criminals as animals as monsters and
you know what that that Fox commentator
the Cuban woman who's married to the
senator in Wisconsin who said as she
talked to her African American friends
and they said that those kids were
living in better conditions and they
live in the projects first of all no
believes you have any african-american
friends because they don't say gosh as
black Twitter let you know today and
then the other thing is I the amnesia
that some Cuban Americans get when they
were getting asylum in I'm in Miami
where I'm from they were seeking asylum
and America welcomed them in and we're
sending the Haitians back and we keep
Prytania act like this is not a matter
of the hue of people's skin and where
they're coming from a lot of Europeans
migrated to America illegally and their
children are not taken away from them
yeah I remember that Cubans being pretty
upset at when Elian Gonzalez was sent
back yes yeah hmm that's interesting so
you know if you look we all should care
about the kids
I hope okay wait after this a million
times whether we agree or disagree on
how long this you say whether they
should be allowed to stay in the long
run etc for the time that they are here
we should treat them humanely I can't
believe we have disagreement over the
parent lis we do but especially if
you're Cuban American and you were
welcomed into this country no questions
asked
your kids were welcomed to you or irate
when Elian Gonzalez was sent back right
of all people you should be open to
these immigrants that are coming in and
understand their plight you know but
propaganda on this issue is super
effective I mean today Trump had this
ridiculous immigration event where he
used you know really tragic stories of
people who have lost family members
because of undocumented immigrants
causing crime or committing crimes I
should say but there of course there's
no discussion about the broader picture
it's using anecdotal you know evidence
to prove their point which is honestly
inaccurate if you look at the broader
picture if you look at there's a study
done it's a three decade long study that
was done by researchers the University
of Wisconsin at Madison they looked at
three decades worth of data to see
whether or not immigrant communities or
the influx of immigrants in the country
actually led to an uptick of crime in
the United States it did not in fact in
certain parts of the country that were
known for having immigrant communities
there was actually a huge drop in
violence and crime but no one ever talks
about the broader picture
I mean he's exploiting people who went
through something so tragic just to make
his inaccurate political point and it's
disgusting yeah find kilmeade on Fox
this morning was like you know yeah sure
we you know we might be treating them
these children kind of bad but at least
they're not like they're not like our
children like meaning legal oh yeah
American
children of course but yeah but like he
was saying like he was okay with the
mistreatment of children so long as they
were not American I mean and that's just
pure unbelievably gun Bridal racism that
whatever whatever you want to call it
yeah one last point I wish said these
kind of iconic pictures did not matter
as much because I wish that people could
see the numbers and could understand the
concepts and and care just as much but
unfortunately the pictures do matter
yeah so the civil rights movement spent
a long time setting the ground for
reporters to show up in Selma Alabama so
that when the New York Times reporter
took the picture of the dog trying to
bite the young african-american man who
was stoic and and did not respond those
kind of pictures made a giant difference
because it it it was emotional and I
wish the country was more logical
overall and less based on emotion but
but were humans and we are so that's why
that picture of the crying girl
resonated to people and saying that well
okay at least she wasn't ripped away
does not solve the 2500 other crying
children whose pictures you didn't see
to easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
