TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio throughout the day Donald Trump
and Republican politicians and
right-wing pundits have not really been
able to stop talking about the
undocumented children down at the border
that they were recently forced to mostly
stop separating from their parents and
they really haven't had anything nice to
say about these kids it's almost as if
they didn't want to stop caging the
children and they're sort of bitter that
they were again mostly forced to stop
doing that I want to start with the
highest profile example of that from
this morning on Fox News where senior
advisor to the president Brian Kilmeade
was talking about these children and
here is what he had to say
it wasn't president Trump's idea to have
everyone leave from Central and South
America in June and well up at the
border we just can't let everybody in
that wants to be here and this is these
are not like it or not these aren't our
kids show them compassion but it sound
like he's doing this to the people of
Idaho or or or Texas these are people
from another country and now people are
saying that they're more important than
people in our country so really fast
that last thing he said there is
something that Trump also echoed today
no one I said they're more important
than people here everyone has said that
they deserve to be treated exactly the
same as people here but he doesn't agree
with that he believes that inherently
people from Texas and Idaho to States he
just chose randomly there's no
connection between those two states are
more important they're not our kids
they're from some other country yes so
there's a couple parts of this now his
beginning was fine it was a conservative
position uh you know I get it
I
might not agree with it every part of it
but look hey we can't have everybody in
the country is etc and if he says hey
John don't treat him exactly the same we
can't give them citizenship okay that's
the debate that's a legitimate debate
right but when you say hey don't treat
them the same in terms of treating the
kids humanely are not humanely based on
where they're coming from that might
actually be a real difference between
progressives and conservatives and hey
you know you guys might have different
opinions on this but to me as a
progressive I don't care if the kids
from Botswana or Honduras or America I
just don't care and and maybe that's for
a lot of conservatives they think like
you're nuts we have to care about our
citizens more and you don't have to
finish the sentence we'll screw everyone
else if you just think hey I just want
to care about us more but to me if you
showed me three kids and one was
American and the other two is like I
said are from Honduras or Botswana and
say should we treat them differently I'd
say under no circumstances those are all
kids they're all human beings and that
goes to the heart of in in some ways
difference between progressives and
conservatives because progressives see
us as a broader category it's a category
of all humanity
for a lot of folks and for conservatives
us is my church my family my community
and I'm great to those people but people
outside of us is them and I'm not as
interested in them I think there was
just an interesting example of that
rather than a new idea that that kill me
that yeah yeah and also the fact is you
know this whole situation is almost like
criminalizing innocent people that
they're children they're human beings
you know as you said and and we also
have to understand that some of the
reasons that that these kids or anyone
even comes into this country is because
of a very difficult situations in our
own country we're not necessarily not to
blame in that overall scenario so when
we do sort of us versus them from the
standpoint of a conservative viewpoint
even if this is something that's been
yeah you said for for years and years
about people coming into this country
it's really also not examining our role
in the world and therefore our
responsibility in terms of helping
people in other parts of the world
particularly ones that are right next
door I mean the other thing that's
concerned to me that this isn't
happening this isn't being reported by
some fringe network it's Fox News half
of the country watches this and I for
the life of me you know I don't spend my
time in newsrooms I spend my time in
dining rooms and livering than talking
to people and I don't know where this
ideology comes from it's not biblical
for sure for those people who go to
church Jesus was a child refugee right
and it's it's not American because
America is a country of immigrants and
you know just because we have to dispel
people of this notion that only citizens
contribute to our economy a way of life
forty percent of all the Fortune 500's
that Wall Street likes were built by
immigrants or the sons of immigrants one
five small businesses are created by
immigrants one in ten jobs are created
by immigrants 780 billion dollars a year
comes into our economy from immigrant
businesses and our GDP the Latino
community contributes 1.8 trillion
dollars to America GDP that's a bigger
than Mexico's economy Mexicans
contribute more to America than they do
to Mexico and so if you care about our
economy way of life you need to champion
these immigrants and so I don't know in
what part of American life this is
something that's supposed to be
acceptable
yeah well I'm you mentioned a few groups
of how wide the circle is for many
conservatives and they draw it at
different points right now he is not
being very explicit there but in a lot
of the conversation that I've heard up
to and including today
you said church neighborhood family race
race is the most clear one Brian
Kilmeade may not be consciously thinking
about it but many of the people who are
watching his show are thinking they are
not worth as much if they are not of the
same race as me and I think that they've
spent so many decades training their
audience that I don't think you have to
say it anymore necessarily now I want to
give him at least a little bit of credit
because while we have other examples
that I want to go to Brian Kilmeade at
least has attempted to walk back what he
said he tweeted later on in the day on
Fox and Friends earlier of course I
didn't mean to make it seem like
children coming into the US illegally
are less important because they live in
another country although that's litter
what he said and that's the exact words
he said maybe he's like most people and
he doesn't listen to what Brian Kilmeade
says that I have compassion for all
children especially for all the kids
separated from their parents right now
nobody wants to see children in these
circumstances and glad they're on the
way to being reunited with their parents
I'm glad that he walked it back although
again he may be he's just talking off
the cuff but here's the thing that that
is the exact message that his network
has been broadcasting 24/7 since the
situation started 66% of the country
does not support family separations more
a plurality of Republicans do
unfortunately but if you're part of that
66% of Americans you have now been
represented basically at all on Fox
maybe Shep maybe somebody on outnumbered
brought up that this seems inhumane but
certainly not the programs that Donald
Trump actually tunes into and that's why
I'm not all that surprised that Donald
Trump has also been walking back the
statements he made earlier this week
when he signed his executive order
saying it's so hard to look at these
pictures it just hurt him so much and
then he wakes up but he tweets something
like this we must maintain a strong
southern border we cannot allow our
country to be overrun by illegal
immigrants as the Democrats tell their
phony stories of sadness and grief
hoping it will help them in the
elections so 48 hours ago he couldn't
take seeing the pictures so he had to
end the family separation policy that he
began now it's fake phony stories of
sadness and grief if you have concern if
you have compassion for these kids
you have been duped by politicians do
those politicians include him he's the
one who signed the order so and I look I
can't it's hard to relate to Trump
supporter sometimes it really is like
during the election they were worried
about economic issues some of them were
that I could relate to they were worried
that the system was rigged against them
that I could definitely relate to and
and there's a lot of common ground there
and we could reach out on that but when
they see Trump say it breaks my heart
and now I'm gonna reunite the families
when you know he's the one who did it I
don't know how you get past that
hypocrisy maybe you didn't know but
that's okay so then you go to
- then he comes out and goes it's phony
grief and I don't care about it so which
one is it if you're a trump supporter
which trump are you supporting I don't
know the answer to that and I don't know
how you answer it are you supporting the
trumpet from that signed executive order
saying don't separate the kids anymore
are you for the Trump who just tweeted
this morning it's all phony grief and
sadness and I don't care you know I
don't know we were talking about this
before the program started I obviously
we live in a post truth world and I
believe that the only way back to the
truth is trust and I think a lot of
Trump supporters who I know cuz I talk
to them a lot if you talk to them about
the real issues and about well he did it
the wrong way he should have if he was
going to do this he should have opened
up the the facilities made him bigger so
the families could accompany or have
more judges to be able to expedite the
asylum claims then they're like yeah
you're probably right we should have
done that or I get it we are concerned
about you know human traffickers and
drug traffickers we have to make sure to
modernize our immigration system to even
quicken our commerce through it they're
like yeah that makes sense
so I feel like sometimes you have to
concede that there are some problems
maybe it's blown out of proportion but
we get it and we're gonna try to address
it the right way I think it's almost
also just a wider issue even than that
is that what yeah if someone supported
Trump they probably assumed that they
could trust him and you know as you
mentioned but also there's an
accountability level there's there's the
fact that Trump says what's expedient
for Trump at that particular moment and
whether it's mean or racist or walk back
on mean and racist and then back to me
and erases whatever it is it's it's
completely expedient for what he
believes his base wants and I do think
you know the people that voted for him
should make it clearer what what values
they have beyond the sort of
mean-spiritedness of of his actions so I
just want to touch on two things that
you guys said so Ammar brought up how do
you reach out look one easy way is we
can disagree on whether they should stay
or not and what are the rules that
should apply to whether they say or not
we shouldn't disagree on how we treat
them when they're here right so you can
say hey listen I care more about a kid
out of Idaho
do about butts Juana I might disagree
with you on that but okay I get that
that's your opinion
but if they're both here and for the
moment being even if you're gonna send
the kid back from Botswana or Honduras
or Nicaragua or wherever right can we
not agree that in the two weeks two
months whatever months time that they're
here that we should treat them like any
other kid is that really too much to ask
for and if it is then I think no meters
right that it perhaps being
mean-spirited is not the bug it's the
feature that you look forward to doing
that in which case I'd ask you to look
at yourself in the mirror and see if
that's the person you wanted to be two
easy ways for young turks one is hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
