all right of all people Tom Marla are
Arnold the comedian apparently talked to
Michael Cohen Donald Trump's obviously
personal lawyer or former personal
lawyer
they met in New York and Tom Arnold says
that Michael Cohen's got tapes on Trump
that'll take him down is it true I don't
know it's fascinating but there's a very
important part of this that it's not
getting enough coverage I'm gonna tell
you about that in a second so Tom Arnold
is apparently going around trying to get
tapes he runs into Mike Cohen and
apparently they knew each other from
before he and then Arnold says to NBC
News I told him hey look you got the
tapes let's take down Trump together and
he says in an entire voir Michael Cohen
said okay now so that doesn't mean much
the only thing that indicates is Michael
Cohen wasn't didn't immediately say like
are you nuts I'm not gonna take it
fascinating we live in a crazy world
where comedians might have enormous
effect on politics because we have a
reality show host president okay this is
celebrity Feud here in the insanity that
is today's America but now to me the
very interesting part that's not
emphasized enough is Michael Cohen's
wife's reaction according to Tom Arnold
apparently she jumped in and said yeah F
Trump now wait a minute if that is the
Cohen family's current thinking on
Donald Trump oh boy then Trump is in a
lot of trouble if he's losing Michael
Cohen I wouldn't be surprised at all
that Michael Cohen has an enormous
amount of both information and documents
and yes tape son Trump if you remember
Trump recorded a lot of his calls and I
cook o's got those recordings
that's definitely interest interesting
prosecutors are looking at as many as
3.7 million documents that they've
gotten from Michael Kohn you know it's
hard to tell if those numbers are
accurate or meaningful the bottom line
is what's most important is they've got
a lot of
information for Michael Kohn from that
time that they raided his hotel his
office and his home so fascinating if
Michael cones wife is saying F Trump and
and and do they have information on
Trump I would be shocked if they didn't
and the panic that Trump has indicates
that they certainly have something on
him so any kind of progress on this
could be actually incredibly important
and relevant I can't get over the fact
that we live in an insane world where
our politics is decided by the Tom
Arnold Roseanne Barr relationship
they're on opposite sides and maybe it
makes a big difference the latest right
now
