T Whitey's got a new audio network guys
so you're gonna love it we got our
existing shows but on top of that we've
got a whole new slate of shows coming
out that are in podcast form including
the Jimmy Dore show so now nobody does
comedy like Jimmy
he is super aggressive and sometimes
harsh and often irreverent but he's
gonna give it to you like he sees it
there's no question about that so you're
gonna love this podcast he's gonna have
some of the top comedians and comedy
writers on there so if you want to check
that out along with the entire audio
network go to T y-t-dot-com slash audio
the first lady took a trip down to the
border to see what was what was really
truly happening there she said something
of that sort because apparently the
reporting and the activism and the
concern was all false and she went there
and she wore clothes and her clothes
were weird and so let's bring up this
picture she's a codon and they
identified the coat it says are a coat
that says I really don't care do you and
I guess I do care because I'm angry at
the entire thing I don't like anything
about this whole situation because as it
was happening we knew exactly how it was
going to play out we naturally as people
who are concerned about these kids and
what's it going on down there think that
seems like kind of an odd thing to wear
when you're going down to see she didn't
actually see the kids had been separated
from their family she went to a place
that did unaccompanied minors but but
still it seems like maybe you want to
show some actual compassion on your
compassion trip but we also know that
she didn't accidentally wear that coat
we have another picture by the way that
you can see a little bit closer she
didn't accidentally wear it she's a
trump and whether she intended to or if
they're just gonna use it it's gonna
become some big thing and so her
spokeswoman put out a comment saying
it's a jacket
there was no hidden message well just to
be fair jump it wasn't hidden that's the
truth it was on her back it wasn't in
the lining
it wasn't like screw immigrants it was
on the back and so you see that and then
they begin the hashtag it's just a
jacket
okay but but you but she put it on
obviously she did it on purpose whatever
that purpose isn't I don't really even
care what the purpose is but she did it
on purpose and then we knew obviously
they're gonna try to make it into a
conversation about the media so that
Donald Trump can weigh in because he
then tweeted this I really don't care do
you written on the back of milania's
jacket refers to the fake news media
Milani has learned how dishonest they
are and she truly no longer cares which
is BS on top of BS on top of BS it's BS
from floor to ceiling first of all her
spokeswoman said there was no hidden
message now you're saying there was a
hidden message and a message point and
the message is that she doesn't care
about the media which I buy because when
I really don't care about something I
make my clothing choices based on that
thing I just am so mad about this whole
thing and my reaction might what I want
to happen has nothing to do specifically
with jackets and it just has to do with
my mental health get them out of the
White House get them out of the White
House get them out of the White House
this is insanity and I understand some
people want to just pretend that none of
this is happening Donald Trump isn't
president we can go for years that I
were talking about him without of
criticizm and eventually something
miraculous will happen or whatever and
in the meantime just talk about the
issues don't get dragged into this stuff
but the thing is when truth is dead and
nothing matters you can't just talk
about the issues because nobody agrees
on any of the facts and it all turns
into gigantic disingenuous disingenuous
back-and-forth and all of that we can't
have the sort of policy based
discussions we want to have because they
have killed the ability of the American
voter to understand or agree on any of
the base little bit level information
that goes into those discussions so from
time to time the right wing would
criticize what Democratic women wear
maybe most famously sure Hillary Clinton
as well but Michelle Obama when she
would wear sleeveless shirts they'd say
how dare she
that is unbecoming of a first lady now
that was a question about their fashion
choices who cares
they also criticized Obama when he wore
tan sued
why do you care in this case it's not
like I don't like the color of her
jacket or the fit of her jacket I
couldn't give a rat's ass about her
jacket it has a literal message on it as
she's going to pretend to care about
immigrant kids she says now don't
mistake me I'm gonna be super clear
about this because I'm gonna put it on
the back of my jacket I really don't
care do you
of all the trips to put that message on
you were I mean if you say she didn't
mean it I'm the only thing I can imagine
is that maybe English is a second
language for her she just doesn't know
English because it's not it's not
complicated it's that doesn't have big
words that say T words on it considered
sweet I really don't care do you
that's I mean she knows enough English
to know what that means right I don't
know there's some chance that she
actually came into country illegally
now the Trump administration is talking
about how they're going to maybe
denaturalize some naturalized citizens
I'd love to look into Melania Trump's
records because there's good reporting
on how she might have not been truthful
about her visas before she was
naturalized I don't know could she speak
English when she became a citizen I
don't think she has to but I do know
that if she speaks English she knows the
giant message on her back
as she's going on a trip pretending to
care about the kids yeah so for the one
for one more time imagine if Michelle
Obama was going to a trip where she was
going to look at kids whether they were
separated from their parents they were
immigrants oh they were the kids of
veterans or kids at a church kids at a
school she was going to show how much
she cared and she wore a jacket said I
really don't care
imagine what the right wing would have
done
oh what a heartless angry black woman I
can't believe she said that about the
kids then why did you even go they would
have ripped her to shreds
honestly we probably
have to guess because every single
criticism of Donald Trump ends up being
a conversation about Barack Obama and
the Obamas anyway we'll probably get
that conversation I look I don't know
what's in milania's mind let alone heart
I don't like that kind of go what's in
her heart I don't she married Donald
Trump
I guess Donald Trump's in her heart whoa
okay and she's a First Lady and if she
stayed out of things no problem
Laura Bush didn't like to do politics
she actually came in said one thing
about politics in my whole life and it
was like hey please don't take the kids
away from their parents
god bless she's a Republican first lady
excellent no problem at all okay but if
you're gonna enter politics and you're
gonna pretend to care then don't wear a
giant sign on your back that says I
don't care yeah that's the least we
could ask of you two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
