TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio we know that fracking is bad for
the environment certainly bad for
climate change it can even lead to a
massive increase in earthquakes don't
look at the data from Oklahoma on that
but it turns out it might also lead to
weight gain researchers at Duke
University University of Missouri
exposed cells this is in rats 223
chemicals associated with fracking
wastewater and surface water
contaminated with wastewater from
fracking sites the sort of chemicals
they pump into the ground to do their
hydraulic fracturing
they found that exposure at both low and
high concentrations of those chemicals
and water samples led to changes in the
fat cells causing both a proliferation
of fat cells and also an expansion of
them so he took this 23 chemical mix and
apparently led to about 60% as much fat
accumulation as a pharmaceutical drugs
that specifically causes greater and
larger fat cells who takes that I guess
I'm sure it's or something but diluted
waste water samples led to 80% as much
and even diluted surface water samples
induced about 40% as much as a drug that
specifically tries to encourage fat
growth and that is what's being pumped
into the environment and the scientists
say that these are the sorts of
concentrations that occur in the areas
where fracking actually happens now of
course we don't acknowledge its rats
versus humans or both mammals though
both have fat cells it's not crazy to
believe that these sorts of chemicals
could be directly bad not just for the
environment but also for your waistline
that's what I needed
not just the proliferation of fat cells
but an expansion of fat cells so if the
earthquakes weren't enough to get you to
change your mind and the
water that gets lit on fire wasn't
enough to get you to change your mind
perhaps gaining weight like wait wait a
minute
this is gonna make my you know dad bod
even worse and I like that all right
maybe I can't stand that the fat cats
who are for fracking the fat cats let
the fat rats the cats will enjoy it yes
apparently but not for the rest of us
will Kiki cat sees it oh boy so fracking
ad disastrous on several different
fronts
- easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
