now one day you best bet we can get
pulled over what to do when you get
pulled over what not to do they're all
talks that are given in every household
the one about looking both ways before
crossing the street the one about saying
please and thank you the one about the
birds and the bees that you pray to God
ends before it even starts questions
about what you do you know whatever so
those are taught that some don't receive
I talked that is mandatory in some
communities but not others you got a
little calm answer their questions but
don't tell them nothing extra keep your
hands out your pockets you drop
something you leave it where we say I
never received this talk nobody in my
family received it now that doesn't mean
we don't receive a talk on respecting
law and not to get in trouble but we
will never give in this talk my parents
definitely gave me the talk one of the
most difficult jobs probably on the
planet is almost like a preparation for
a test is the part of our culture that
fails to be acknowledged or recognized
this clip gives a sneak peek into a
movie called the hate you give which is
set to hit screens on October 19th
this preview offers a window into a
conversation that happens all over the
country a conversation where parents
outline step by step what their child
should do when pulled over by law
enforcement keep your heads whiticus
single and it's a conversation that
unfortunately could mean the difference
between life and death when a situation
like this inevitably comes up where to
put your hands what to do and ask for ID
what happens if you accidentally drop
something these talking points are
addressed not only in this clip but
typically in countless black households
across the u.s. stay calm don't fight
back don't give any rebuttals you have
to understand if you want to stay alive
you have to do what they say because it
could be the difference between me
seeing you again and not saying does
that mean other communities don't have
similar conversations no I'm sure many
other families do too and I'd actually
like to hear from you about them but
from those I have spoken to from the
research conducted and the clear fact
that black people are pulled over at a
far greater rate than any other portion
of the population one can assume these
conversations take place primarily in
that community but here's the thing
while this is deemed a mandatory
conversation for black families
it should also mean
toriel listening for others because when
you hear people dispute this myth of
white privilege they maybe say things
like well I wasn't given anything I have
to work my ass off to get where I am or
I wasn't given any free handouts those
are all actual responses that have been
thrown back at me when I've sought to
discuss the subject of privilege with
other people the white privilege is not
something that can be measured or that
simply handed to you simply the ability
to be to live your life without added
obstacles thrown in your path if you as
a white person would be happy to receive
the same treatment there are black
citizens doing this society please stand
nobody's standing here that says very
plainly that you know what's happening
you know you don't want it for you like
this so I ask those who dispute this
idea of privilege was this talk
mandatory in your household from an
early age was your race something that
you had to be conscious of I assume not
and that's an example of privilege one
that many overlook still in their
attempts to downplay racial issues in
the country but that's why it's so
important that we listen just because
you will not given this talk doesn't
mean it doesn't involve you it does
because the only way we get to a point
in society well maybe this talk is no
longer necessary is if we understand why
some communities have it and some don't
and maybe for that to happen the first
step is for people of different races to
talk to each other about this issue and
only once that happens can we maybe work
towards putting an end to the continuous
conversation come over to my Instagram
at Francis and Maxwell we commit on a
few nights you member at TYT Network on
slash Julian never missed and I'll break
down video by ringing the bell below
you'll get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT today download our 280 Plus app on
your phone or head over to TYT comm
slash join
