did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio corey
lewandowski was recently on fox news and
he was debating democratic strategist on
the issue of the zero tolerance policy
specifically separating children from
their parents as they come to the border
seeking asylum now take a look at how
Lewandowski responded to a story about a
Down syndrome a girl with a little girl
with Down syndrome take a look a ten
year old a girl with Down syndrome who
was taken from her mother and put in a
cage I read about a a vicious they won't
want to a ten-year-old with Down
syndrome anything but the bottom line is
very you when you dare you sir this
policy is abhorrent it is offensive
right you all when this policy was in
place this amount of penetration but
policy was not done during the
administration you are now lying about
this policy and we have members of the
Trump team who are going Wawa when we
when you learn about the stories that's
some excellent journalistic work by the
fox news anchor in the middle but
nonetheless
womp-womp so Corey Lewandowski is trash
I'm done with civility I'm done with
pretending like Trump his goons and his
supporters are decent human beings
worthy of respect they're not I mean how
many more examples do people need to
understand that these individuals are
complete monsters I just I'm trying to
think of a scenario that would be worse
but a ten-year-old separated from her
parents it's already terrible she's got
Down syndrome he's like mom Oh what do
you want me to have sympathy for a
ten-year-old with Down syndrome
separated from her parents and has no
idea what's going
must be terrified wah wah I guarantee
there are people watching this video who
but yeah let's show that ten-year-old
she had it coming right well you're the
bad guys of history I don't know what to
tell you this is not Ana's absolutely
right I'm so tired of the establishment
media doing false equivalency well I
mean on the one hand this on the other
hand that Andrea Mitchell had a quote
today where she's like you know we've
been taught and we've been doing on the
one hand on the other hand for decades
and how this really strains us and we
don't know whether we should keep doing
it
Andrea I got news for you and I know
you're in the news business you
shouldn't you shouldn't do on the one
hand and on the other hand you should
have the courage to actually give your
viewers the truth even if it makes them
uncomfortable and it for Republican
viewers it does make them uncomfortable
that hey hey don't call me the bad guys
I just want to crush ten year olds with
Down syndrome and rip them away from
their parents Wow Wow
because you're worried about that you're
banzi like you're not getting it that's
what bad guys do so one side you can say
are you kidding me the Democrats we're
not saying be partisan we're not saying
being biased say all the Democrats are
always good of course not we've
criticized the Democrats in a thousand
different ways and you can say hey
here's my clear perspective I'm a
progressive and here's my thoughts on
the Republicans Democrats or I'm a
conservative you're on Fox News or
wherever you are in the political
spectrum but you have to give people
what reality is not only when
Lewandowski for example says forget to
womp womp
okay don't cuz he's a monster but then
he goes on to say it was the same policy
as Obama but that's just not true so the
so-called anchor in the middle there is
her job as a reporter a journalist
someone in media to say now look you
could have any opinion you want on
tenure rules were being ripped away from
their parents some think great wonderful
some think bad okay those are your two
sides but Obama did not have the same
policy they don't even do that right
which it now brings us to the
Lewandowski coming back on television
today so now let's see if the anchor
challenges them she's gonna ask them a
question obviously that's why they had
him back on and then let's then see how
many times he lies in his response and
and note whether he's apologetic and and
she gives him a softball at one point I
think that's the most interesting part
is his response so let's watch you made
a comment last night that's gotten a lot
of attention in the media would you like
to address that right now well I'd love
to address it because my comment was
specifically about Zach trying to
politicize the use of children as a
political football in this discussion
because the law is very clear when
parents commit crimes by coming into
this country regardless of who their
children are they are separated because
we are a nation of laws but to be clear
you were not speaking about the young
girl with Down syndrome that was
separated from her parents at the border
look I don't know the young girl that
Zach referenced I was mocking Zach a
liberal Democrat National Committee
activist who's doing nothing but
politicizing the issue of making an
example of one particular job there are
some who say that the president can
change this with the stroke of his pen
you just heard Chuck Schumer say it the
president do you feel that you owe an
apology of any sort an apology and I owe
an apology to the children whose parents
are putting him in a position that is
forcing them to be separated we owe an
apology to to Jamil Shaw and Brian Terry
and Kate Steinle family who have allowed
those individuals to be killed by
illegal aliens
okay so first let me break down the lies
my favorite was you know the president
can fix it with a stroke of a pen that's
not true later the day the president
fixed it with a stroke of a pen he
signed an executive order
reversing his policy from two months ago
what happened I thought you said it
wasn't true oops and he of course
stopped one second he did not reverse
his policy from two months ago zero
tolerance policy very much in place
we're just detaining children with their
parents now we're imprisoning children
with their parents so what are you doing
what are you doing journalism no no but
I want I want to be absolutely clear
because and also I don't like the
phrasing the President did fix it he
didn't fix anything he didn't fix
anything all he did was take it down a
tiny tiny bit from the insane cruelty
that you know these immigrants
experienced before the kids are just
gonna be imprisoned with their parents
right how many 10 the president with the
stroke of a pen made sure that the kids
are not taken away from their parents
Corey Lewandowski just said no he can't
and later in the day he did so an
obvious and brazen lie again by Corey
Lewandowski and he said the Democrats
are politicizing the children but it was
Trump's policy two months ago to
politicize the children by saying that
we should take them away from their
families right and exactly
it was Trump's decision to hold migrant
children hostage until he got exactly
what he wanted in the form of
legislation from Congress which included
getting rid of protections for children
who are detained and also insane funding
to the tune of tens of billions of
dollars for stupid wall
so that's politicizing the children but
to me the most interesting part as I
told you is in the middle not when she
asked them if he's gonna apologize but
the anchor said to be clear you were not
speaking about the young girl with Down
syndrome that was separated from her
parents of the border so that's the
softball she's helping him she's like
you weren't speaking about the girl
right so the easy answer is no no of
course I was speaking about the girl I
have tremendous sympathy for her and her
family it's just that I thought sac was
making the wrong kind of point and I was
talking about saying that's an easy
softball answer to a softball question
but Lewandowski can't even do that
he said if you saw on that tape if you
paid attention and he said quote look I
don't know the young girl does Zach
referenced yeah he couldn't be human for
just a second because he's not human
right he's up human it's so easy to say
oh no I feel for that girl and I have
sympathy for that girl instead he said
look I don't know the girl
Zach reference right no sympathy at all
why do you think Donald Trump is
considering bringing Cory Lewandowski
back into the White House when Trump
sees that on Fox News he doesn't think
like the rest of us oh what a jerk he
thinks now that's a strong guy that's
very strong not apologizing strongly
denying it blaming it not Obama I like
that and that's what Lewandowski is
doing he's auditioning for an audience
of one so the rest of us see a monster
Donald Trump sees an ally two easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
