fascism is back in fashion and to mark
the occasion we're launching the
first-ever nofilter fascist week this is
your ultimate guide to aspiring
dictators who think democracy is for
losers first we head south where cher
Bolton ro is the frontrunner for the
presidency of Brazil Olsen ro is really
going for a throwback retro look
specifically he wants to go back to how
things were under dictator carlos astre
how do we know this well the ex military
officer once said quote I'm in favor of
a dictatorship like most fascist icons
bolson aro loves to make a statement
some homophobic like when he said quote
I'd rather have my son die in a car
accident than have him show up dating
some guy Wow such a loving dad he's also
misogynistic ladies one time he told a
female representative I'm not going to
rape you because you're very ugly and
who could forget this classic quote you
won't change anything in this country
through voting unfortunately you'll only
change things by having a civil war and
doing the work the military regime
didn't do killing 30,000 starting with
the former president if a few innocent
people die that's all right
this guy really wants to make Brazil
great again by the way I almost forgot
they also sell make Brazil great again
shirts with his face on them yeah get
yours today
next stop Europe where if memory serves
fascism was a big thing in like the 40s
or something and wouldn't you know it
Germany Italy and Austria have far-right
movements in Italy Matteo salvini runs
the far-right party the league while
looking like a really unfunny Judd
Apatow in 2012 the party only took home
four percent of the vote but now it's
unfortunately a powerhouse who are some
of Cellini's biggest influences well he
recently tweeted a quote from world war
ii fascist benito mussolini
and he has tried to close mosques and
stop refugees from entering the country
but don't call him racist or
Islamophobic because he says quote the
only antidote to racism is to control
regulate and limit immigration Italians
are not racist but out of control
immigration brings with it far from
positive reactions we want to prevent
that that's right folks he's not racist
he just wants to eradicate other races
Austrians Freedom Party served up the
most authentic fascism because it was
started by you know actual Nazis
eighteen years ago when they first
gained seats in parliament they were hit
with sanctions but when it happened
again last year no one seemed to care
despite the fact that one of the party's
officials has called for a registry of
Jews and Muslims who want to buy kosher
or halal meat cheese also they pushed
their Chancellor to propose an axis with
none other than Italy in Germany Germany
has a far-right movement called
alternative for Germany whose logo could
not look more like a Nike swoosh let's
see if we can pick up even a subtle
motif of ethnocentrism from Petri who
ran the party until 2017 one suggested
that German police should shoot at
migrants attempting to cross into the
country Poland's Yaroslav prison ski has
been also killing it lately and by it I
mean democracy how well trying to pack
the courts political Europe reported
that in 2017 his party tried to pass a
bill that would provide for the
wholesale on-the-spot dismissal of the
83 top judges currently sitting on
Poland's highest appellate panels all
this and he doesn't even hold elected
office he's just a party boss now to
Scandinavia where the term total
whiteout used to describe weather events
but now it means keeping brown people
away the Swedes and finns have parties
that want to shut off immigration
from countries outside the EU Finnish
candidate Laura hooter sorry
once dog whistled Donald Trump I want to
welcome president Trump to Finland it's
honor to have you here
we are losing Europe as we know it we
are losing Christian values and Western
culture to Islam because of immigration
free speech and free thinking is being
restricted and labeled racism
Islamophobia and hate speech Wow look at
that she effortlessly incorporates
American far-right tendencies like it's
not racism it's free speech so great to
see that crazed influence demagogues all
the way up where Santa lives but not to
be outdone by the fascist this week
Viktor Orban of Hungary he got less than
half the popular vote but managed to
seize 2/3 control of parliament then he
immediately rewrote the country's laws
and eventually its whole constitution to
consolidate even more power he has a
stranglehold on the Pres Hungary's
largest independent daily which had
uncovered a string of scandals involving
the ruling party was unexpectedly
suspended in October soon afterward it's
parent company was sold to a firm linked
to an ally of Prime Minister Viktor
Orban and what's a fascist without
unapologetic jingoism he worships what
he calls ethnic homogeneity because as
he puts it too much mixing causes
problems as for refugees he said quote
we don't see these people as Muslim
refugees we see them as Muslim invaders
such an abstract interpretation of an
entire people this guy's a real
visionary that's all from the fascist
week come to think of it it seems like
pretty much every week lately has been
fascist week
did you know that TYT network is now
available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for youtube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7-day free trial so
head over to youtube TV and search for
the TYT Network Channel
