did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio so peter
fonda is a legendary actor in his own
right and obviously part of a legendary
family of actors Jane Fonda Henry Fonda
Bridget Fonda etc Henry Fonda obviously
is father Bridget his daughter and Jane
his sister Madame concert' was already
did not like to run the family
especially Jane Fonda for what happened
the Vietnam War now wait till they get a
load of Peter Fonda
so Peter Fonda is at a point in his life
where apparently he has gotten to what I
call no-holds-barred and that's exactly
what he did he's certainly very very
upset about the policy of taking away
kids at the border from their parents
and he went on Twitter and and let
everybody know about it now some of
stuff when I somewhat I'm gonna read to
you is mmm pretty out there okay hey so
warning and there is some language here
Kirsten Nielsen he says that's
Department of Homeland Security head is
a lying - that should be put in a cage
and poked at by a passerby the gas
should be pilloried in Lafayette Square
naked and whipped by passerby passers-by
while being filmed for posterity
no no she shouldn't okay that's a really
bad idea so look the visual of her being
naked and whipped is terrible if your
progressive don't go in that direction
don't go in the direction of any of this
violent imagery let alone the sexual
ization there that's going on there's
about a thousand different problems
they're a little on the word gash and if
you're unclear about what that means
well he's unfortunately order to clarify
it
as the next tweets about Sarah Sanders
so he says Sarah Sanders is a lying gash
tube and a gash is much worse than the
c-word
maybe we should take her children away
and deport her to Arkansas and giving
her children to Stephen Goebbels Miller
for safekeeping
Wow okay
well Peter Fonda is definitely angry I
don't know if there was any ambient
involved but those are very very strong
words you know I'll get to my opinions
about this in a second but we're not
anywhere near done with in insane tweets
I mean in range tweets for sure at a
minimum so now he's going all caps so
now it gets how could it get worse well
find out
he says want to stop this effin monster
that's fine really want to stop this
giant asshole
he asks 90 million people in the streets
on the same weekend these Republican
assholes are all in on it
the chief asshole is happy we're all
very upset we have to get even more
angry with these Republicans this tweet
is filled with insults and an invective
and cursing don't care that's fine you
could say that about Republicans who say
it about Democrats and both sides say
that stuff all the time it doesn't have
the other problems but let's keep going
he says we should dip Baron Trump oh
that's the president's 11 year-old son
from his rip I should say we should rip
Baron Trump from his mother's arms and
put him in a cage with pedophiles and
see if mother will stand up against the
giant asshole she's married to 90
million people in the streets on the
same weekend on the same in the country
and then ends it with the F word
don't do that okay
Melania Trump asked the Secret Service
to look into it I think that is a fair
request no don't do anything to burn
Trump don't do anything to anybody's
kids in fact I think I've got one more
for you guys it this was a reference to
the agents so he also tweeted we should
hack this system get the addresses of
the ice agents the CBP agents and
surround our homes and protest don't do
that don't do that don't do that okay
anyway we should find out what schools
their children go to and surround the
schools and protest these agents are
doing this because they want to do it
they like doing this and again the
f-word okay
disastrous don't surround anybody's home
don't go after their kids now I think
that Washington is unfamiliar with the
aggressive left and bets because it's a
little bit of a new phenomenon and it's
among their young mostly but Peter Fonda
has decided I'm gonna join their ranks
and significantly so a lot of people
want you to think that for example I'm
the radical left
oh I'm left I'm very progressive no
question about that but you ain't saying
the radical left and they exist and
they're carrying pitchforks so I would
have imagined that it would be a young
person who would say something like this
and get themselves in a lot of trouble
but it turns out no in this case it's
Henry Fonda I'm sorry Peter Henry Fonda
and and what he's doing is saying hey
two can play at this game
you guys want to rip kids away we can
rip kids away you guys want to do
violent imagery and violent talk we can
do violent imagery and violent talk I
don't think either side should do that
and I think it's a bad idea
but in a sense the battle is joined I
don't want it to be I don't want the
right-wing to come I don't want the
left-wing to do any of this stuff so I
you know I have the same standards for
him as I do for Roseanne Barr or anyone
else but look there is there a
reasonable way to fight back super
strong without growing this direction
first of all politically of course
always with politics right but you could
have gone and said something along the
lines of like if Democrats win we should
consider
taken away parents from Republican
parents from their kids if we perceive
that they broke the law in one way or
another now look do I want Republican
kids and parents broken up of course not
right but we talked about this in the
context of voter suppression so every
time you do voter suppression in there
in a red state
we should threaten to do it in a blue
state so now that is politics
I am I in favor of voter suppression
absolutely not
but the Democrats constantly lying down
isn't helping this kind of extreme
rhetoric is also not helping there is a
way to fight back super aggressively but
not going in this direction because it's
just gonna be used against you and it's
just not the right thing to do anyway
but now to be fair the Republicans well
actually I have one more quote from
Peter Fonda before I get to the
Republicans
he also said by the way we need to scare
the eff out of them need to make their
children worry not don't do that their
kids didn't do anything wrong either
okay once we surrounding it starts
around each other's homes there's no end
to it and we're headed towards civil war
and madness and chaos and by the way the
left does not usually win in that kind
of chaos and that's not what we want we
want rule of law we want our democracy
back we want to actually follow the
Constitution the right wing does not
appreciate our democracy so don't go in
this direction so as I was saying though
no to be fair to be fair the Republicans
they are free speech advocates so they
stood up in unison and said Peter Fonda
should be able to say these things with
no problem at all oh they didn't oh
that's weird it turns out he has a movie
coming out and Donald Trump jr. among
many others tweeted quote and another
now Fonda is targeting the kids of law
enforcement
hey so many pictures are you going to
sit back and let this and his child rape
fantasies go
your silence almost reads like you're
okay with it please call it clarify as
if as I've heard you have a movie with
him dropping soon and they do okay look
I I think it's a fair request
left some on the Left requested that
Rosanne bars show not air now they're
striking back on this on the other hand
I exploit you guys were the ones against
political correctness I thought the
right wingers were like hey you
snowflakes what are you getting upset
over man
Roseanne Barr is just saying her
opinions she's just speaking the truth
just being the truth so why don't you
just take it oh you guys hate free to a
speech we're free in favor of freedom of
speech all right well I don't like what
Peter Fonda said I don't like what
Roseanne Barr said I'm consistent on it
but if you guys are gonna be consistent
you'd say so what let Peter Fonda say
whatever he wants let him be in the
movie solely fine freedom of speech
freedom of speech I wouldn't looked
around Twitter I just couldn't find any
right wingers defending Peter Fonda's
freedom of speech funny how that works
it's almost as if they don't actually
care about that concept and they're not
principled and they're just playing
games all right but for everybody on the
left thing of going this direction
bring it down way down that doesn't help
your cause and it doesn't help
anybody's cause so we I know the Trump
is egged on a ton of people in this
country but we got a fight politically
and not take the bait and sink to their
level don't get me wrong I'm not the
kind of guy who's they go and they go
low we go high no no I when they go low
I'm willing to punch them in the face
as long as it's political and not in
this direction two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
