did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio mark
sanford was of course former governor of
south carolina very republican but did
not follow through on Family Values
famously got caught with his mistress in
Argentina
then the Republican voters forgave him
said it's bygones be bygones and they
elected him to Congress in South
Carolina so they didn't mind any of that
but he spoke out mildly a couple of
times against Donald Trump on that they
did mind so he lost his primary recently
and Trump had come out against them and
in favor of his opponent on the day of
the election so he was now meeting with
GOP members of Congress Donald Trump was
yesterday so he wanted to rub it in a
little bit now that's not really that
good an idea you need these guys to pass
legislation you also need him for
another reason which I'll get to in a
second but apparently Trump told all
members of the GOP that were gathered
their quote is Mark Sanford here I just
want to congratulate him on running a
great race he joked apparently mark
Sanford was in the room he didn't seem
to appreciate that neither did a lot of
his colleagues so Jake Sherman reporting
here Wow
Trump says is Mark Sanford here as I
told you then room goes silent Trump
then called him a nasty guy and the room
booed a bit Wow a room full of
Republican Congressmen booing Donald
Trump and so just in case you were
unclear on whether he was just joking no
he called him a nasty guy he meant it
and he was rubbing it in that he had
lost his race well Sanford has a lot of
friends in in Congress and you're gonna
hear from one of them in a second as
well so how did Trump decide that he was
going to paint that interaction typical
pathological liar Donald Trump style
here isn't a tweet had a great meeting
with the House GOP last night at the
Capitol they applauded and laughed
loudly when I mentioned my experience
with Mark Sanford I've never been a fan
of his they did no such thing every
report says that they did the room was
at best silent and many people in the
room said that there was audible booing
so hey look there's a congressman who
went on television went on CNN so let's
ask him he's representative Jeff Denham
he's a Republican and let's see if he
liked Donald Trump making fun of his
friend or didn't like it let's watch
congressman I do understand the
president made some kind of a attempted
joke in the caucus overnight about Mark
Sanford who lost his primary he asked
everyone in the room hey where's Mark
Sanford he were in a great race didn't
he
it didn't get many laughs I understand
was that appropriate for the president
to do that
no I don't think so marks a good friend
of mine I'm not sure why he why he did
do it
I think certainly you the tone of the
room was that not only does the
president have unwavering support behind
this bill but he expects all Republicans
I mean he did single out quite a few
people saying that they're his good
friends he would expect them to be with
him on the vote so I think that's where
the Mark Sanford issue came in so
congressman Denham there's talking about
the immigration bill he needs these guys
votes so slapping him across the face is
not really a great idea but more
importantly at some point these are the
guys who could be voting on impeachment
for those of you who think that Donald
Trump has some sort of strategic his
Bush was made fun of for saying well you
might want to think about think about
that again
he has no strategy
those strategies just a buffoon he walks
in he's like haha be much tougher didna
oh you guys are all friends with him oh
you might vote on my impeachment later
oh yeah I didn't think that's true oops
oh that's okay I'm gonna go online and
lie about it crazy they loved it they
loved it they were in the room so you
could lie to your own fans and you could
lie to the press but those are the votes
you need at a minimum for legislation
and perhaps to save your own skin at
some point my guess is they're not going
to appreciate the salt in their wounds
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
