did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio Fox &
Friends is continuing to support Donald
Trump and his administration in the way
that they are treating immigrant
families who come to the border seeking
asylum children are still being ripped
away from their parents and the numbers
have now reached about 2,300 since the
zero tolerance policy was implemented
now a number of hosts on Fox News
continue to rally in support of Donald
Trump let's hear from Laura Ingraham and
her description of what some of these
detention facilities seem like so since
more illegal immigrants are rushing the
border or kids are being separated from
their parents and temporarily housed and
what are essentially summer camp camps
or is the San Diego union-tribune
described them today is looking like
basically boarding schools she referred
to them as summer camps as she has an
image of children sleeping on the floor
with foil blankets oh if they're like
summer camps would you send your
children there to live in cages there to
be fair they are let out for two hours a
day 22 hours they must be confined into
a cage if anyone goes past security in a
way that is not cleared huge alarm bells
sound saying that there is a possible
escape there's a possible escape and and
so would you send your kids to camp
where they're only allowed to see the
sunlight two hours a day and where they
live in cages I don't know maybe maybe
Laura Ingraham would maybe the
right-wingers would be like oh that's
that sounds like good good good
punishment authoritarian government get
them used to it but that that video that
we just showed you is incredible for a
number of different reasons yes Laura
Ingraham lied that's something that we
I already know about like she does that
on a regular basis but her viewers saw
the same video they saw the same video
of her talking about how this is just
like summer camp while that image is
right next to her it's right next to her
face of kids laying on a floor with foil
blankets on top of themselves like do
you like it that's the thing FoxNews
insults the intelligence of their
viewers like so brazenly that they will
show you the evidence debunking what the
host is saying as the host is saying it
and the viewers are still like yeah
summer camp look and to give some people
credit she did get criticism for calling
it a summer camp and so she responded to
that criticism and here's what she said
the San Diego union-tribune today
described the facilities as essentially
like what you would expect at a boarding
school so I'm gonna call it a boarding
school so that's her walking yet back
that was her walking it back by the way
if you go to the exact article that
she's referencing the Tribune article
included that the facility contains
aspects that resemble a prison oh that's
interesting that she left that part out
let me read you a little excerpt from
that article it's surrounded by fencing
that is backed by privacy netting and a
sign at the gate warns visitors that
it's under video surveillance 24 hours
per day if someone opens the front door
of the facility without first swiping a
badge an alarm blares through the
hallway warning of a potential escape so
she is a liar and of course she decided
not to include one of the most relevant
parts of that article in her little
spiel there okay you know sometimes
torturers try to get you to say things
that they know are not true in an effort
to break you so they'll show you
something and say now call us something
else and they keep torturing you until
you call it something else
I guess Fox News has done that in slow
motion so they can show you kids in a
cage and then say now remember this is
not a cage it's summer camp and the
audience goes that's right
it is a summer camp I agree
now to be fair the Fox News audience in
the first time I'll ever do that
apparently enough of them called her out
that she backtracked in the middle of
the show which is pretty unprecedented
right now Steve Doocy
is another cheerleader for Trump so
let's hear what he has to say the
president and the White House made it if
crystal clear yesterday they're going to
continue this maximum pressure policy of
separating parents from children at the
border to make the point that that is
the law of the land you don't like it
change the law also it's a message to
people who are thinking about coming
into this country illegally don't do it
because you'll be arrested and there's a
possibility and your children will be
separated from them if they are in fact
your children so what I realize is when
they say change the law they don't mean
that there is a law that forces the
administration to separate the children
they're saying no no there's a law that
prevents the children from going to
prison along with their families so
change the law in in essence get rid of
the Flores settlement so we can imprison
the children with the family they're
monsters they do they actually do mean
that they do it's it's amazing it's
amazing there was many amazing things
there but my favorite was the very end
where he's like if in fact it's their
children this is a talking point they
have now gone back to several times with
the whole child actors and then Trump
talked about how they're trying to sneak
in by using kids can they name a single
example of a family that came in with
kids that weren't there's not what I've
not seen a single one in the press but
they're like it doesn't matter we're
living a fat free world they just
pretend that they're smuggling in what
little people who are part of ms-13
or the ms-13 and the kids are props what
kind of lunatic conspiracy is Steve
Doocy talking about it's not any
evidence that the kids are not the
parents may be the way for anyone who
thinks okay I don't know maybe this will
work as a deterrent preliminary data
indicates
that it has not worked as a deterrent
this was implemented back in April and
since April the number of people seeking
asylum has gone up by five percent
because here's the thing when gang
violence threatens your life in your
children's lives you are willing to risk
anything to get them to safety
yeah and I thought it was the Democrats
fault
why are you bragging that it's
deterrence now so are you giving the
Democrats credit for coming up with good
deterrence oh right you were lying when
you said it was the Democrats fault that
it was their policy that was ripping the
kids away right right interesting
admission there now you have his buddy
Kilmeade I do but before we get to kill
me I actually want to go to Ainsley
because she actually makes my point for
me and she doesn't realize it because
she's an idiot take a look then you
can't even really blame an
administration these this these are
people Republicans and Democrats that
are serving in the Senate and in the
house and they have to change this if
you don't like it they need to change
the plan Jeff session says that they're
not being abused he says the conditions
are good
he said we spent 1 billion dollars last
year your taxpayer dollars to make sure
these kids are safe so when I say she's
making my point for me I do not agree
that the conditions are great for the
kids they're not great we've had
numerous reports showing that the
facilities the detention centers are
understaffed some aren't able to get
medical treatment that they need
they're sleeping on the floor I mean
they showed that image in other video
clips but the point that she's making
about taxpayer money is very relevant
because remember the right-wingers think
we can't we're paying in government
programs to all these illegal aliens
which by the way for the billionth time
federal government aid does not go to
undocumented immigrants it is banned on
a state level depending on which state
you're in yes possibly but on a federal
level they get no government programs
but the argument by the right wing is we
can't be wasting our limited resources
on undocumented immigrants now we can
prosecute them for misdemeanors detain
them for an indefinite period of time
detain their children for an indefinite
period of time give government
to the tune of tens of millions of
dollars to private companies to detain
these children for an indefinite period
of time that's okay that money is
well-spent so the money is well-spent if
you're crushing them that's right but if
you're actually welcoming them or being
decent human beings to them that it is
not well spent
I'll add one last thing to what Anna
said which is that a lot of the
undocumented workers in America do pay
into Social Security and Medicare
through the payroll tax and they never
get it back so overall they actually pay
more into the system than they get out
of the system but you'll never hear that
on Fox News why because they want to go
with propaganda this these aliens are
coming in and taking your money and you
should hate them finally Brian Kilmeade
and as Nancy Pelosi steps over the
homeless in San Francisco to hop on a
plane to go to the border to have a
heart bleed for that for people from
other countries that are coming here
these kids come in fantastic Oprah
Winfrey I'm glad you're upset about it
but what these kids get banned out to
working-class neighborhoods into our
society and then they have to be paid
for by English as a second language and
then they got to be schooled and a lot
of us and Lee right when in my
neighborhood turn into ms-13 they all
turn into ms-13 what an idiot
I mean it's on in your neighborhood I'm
sure your neighborhood is just riddled
with gang members and gang violence and
all can you believe it all these
terrible people who have to take English
as a second language in grade school
kind of like me I had to do that I was
actually born in the United States
English is my second language and I
think that I turned out completely fine
I mean he is nice and it's not just kill
me that entire panel of buffoons it's
embarrassing so - hilarious parts to
that one hilarious one despicable
actually the hilarious part is that kill
me is living in a neighborhood filled
with ms-13 let alone ms-13 kids that's
where he stumbled while he was singing
because I think you realized how
ridiculous that was in your neighborhood
come on kill means a multi-millionaire
really you're living in a neighborhood
filled with ms-13 Kilby's coming out of
East Los
hey like hold on hold on I gotta go out
FoxNews okay so now the despicable part
the kids that you have empathy for I
don't want you to have empathy for them
and the hardest thing is to get people
to hate kids maybe you could hate the
grown-ups hey they're a different color
they're the others they're taking your
food they're taking your property and
they're and we talked about it earlier
in the show do you know it's the others
that are vermin that are disease ridden
that are criminals etc and it's easy to
do that if you've got a right-wing
audience who's receptive that message
but when you see crying kids when you
see a two-year-old kid it gets harder
because ultimately we're all actually
decent we have DNA that yes is
competitive and and sometimes those
terrible terrible things but we also
have DNA that makes us want to be a
community and work together and
socialize and actually care about kids
but Fox News has to get that out of you
so they sent Kel median to say they
might be kids now but later they're
gonna turn into ms-13 and they're gonna
come to get you never trust any of them
including their kids one day there'll be
multi-millionaire ms-13 s living in my
neighborhood well remember first they're
gonna take English as second language
classes yeah because that's what violent
gangs love to do ms-13 is like hey guys
you're gonna take English as a second
language and then we'll move in next to
kill me all right think about that
because you don't want Trump call them
animals and stuff and there was the
clarification he's trying to come up
with saying no it was ms-13 I was
talking about animals you guys there are
complaining my point in saying it's the
wrong thing so it was in the context of
talking about that but that's how it
works you'll say hey they're all gonna
be ms-13 anyway when you say a
five-year-old floor under a foil blanket
crying kill me to call them ms-13
so now we'll call them all the same so
when you say they're all ms-13 means
they ms-13 their animals you're saying
they're all ms-13 you're saying that
they're all animals yeah so you can
Satan all these different contexts you
can fool enough people to think hey
they're totally taking them out of
context no you call people animals you
make them subhuman and then you call
everyone who looks like that animal an
animal and even the ones who aren't the
animals who are committing any kind of
gang crime they're the same thing to
everyone else that's how it works that's
exactly right chair and that's why I
read the quotes earlier in the show
about how the fascist started in Germany
they didn't just say hey let's just all
hate the Jews randomly let's pick a
scapegoat didn't say that they said no
the Jews are coming to get you
they're there we're trying to protect
you they're criminals they're stealing
your property their animals their
disease and they didn't just say hell
let's go kill them all they first had to
get you to believe that they weren't
fully human and they did it by doing the
same exact thing that you're seeing with
your own eyes in this country now we
haven't gotten to those ends yet and I
hope we never ever get there and I
believe we're strong enough that we
won't but they would say yes yeah oh the
little Jewish kids you have sympathy for
them no they're they're part of the same
disease people who are coming to take
your property in one day they'll grow up
and they'll be and they'll take your
stuff from you right so I I don't know
if these actors that Fox News gets on to
too and pays a lot of money to read this
stuff if they are even bright enough to
know what they're doing but either way
it is truly reprehensible two easy ways
for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of
our videos
