did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio a flight
attendant for american airlines who
wishes to remain anonymous reached out
to us here at the young turks to let us
know about what flight attendants are
experiencing while transporting
immigrant children across state lines
now in closed facebook groups that have
flight attendants participating in these
discussions this source says that they
are outraged she says that they are also
thinking about blocking flights and some
flight attendants can't handle the
traumatic situation so they have decided
to just call in sick and not show up to
work because the flights are so
devastating
now while this particular flight
attendant decided not to go on the
record there have been a couple of
flight attendants who have gone on the
record in public facebook posts and our
source actually directed me in their
direction and so I want to read some of
their posts to give you a sense of what
they're going through and how much they
want to take action to stop this from
happening
they've even reached out to the
corporate offices for American Airlines
to get confirmation that these flights
will not continue but they have not
received any confirmation so far so kami
Daniels is one of the flight attendants
she says the following as a flight crew
we experienced firsthand seeing these
children helpless confused scared and
obviously traumatized remember these are
kids who have been taken away from their
parents at the border their cry for help
can be felt from their innocent eyes and
their fragile body we are trained to
save lives to remain calm and lead all
to safety during emergencies to fight in
flight fires to identify symptoms of
sudden illnesses and administered
life-saving actions defused anger or
resolve conflicts the worst
thing we see are the worst thing we were
transfixed helpless and unable to
provide protection to these innocent
souls when you hold them they don't want
your hands to leave them it is not it is
not simple heartbreaking scenes but it
penetrates to your soul and bothers you
to the point of asking where is the
humanity what happens to us so some of
these posts are public as an and explain
what we have now is indication that some
of the flight attendants are considering
taking further action including not
showing up to work if they're going to
be forced to transport these innocent
kids to their detention centers
apparently they are being told the
attendants are oh that's ok we're taking
them to their new homes and they know
that that is not the case the kids are
dressed in similar ways and sweatpants
in when it's 100 degrees outside it's
clear and there are apparently
instructions given to the kids to not
look at them that that's gonna get into
the second person who spoke out publicly
but our source is saying now that a lot
of the flight attendants are deeply
troubled by this and it's not just one
or two people that have gotten public on
Facebook so I asked the source if if
there were any flight attendants in
these closed pages private Facebook
pages who disagreed with the general
messaging that she's seeing from these
flight attendants and that's the message
of outraged heartache and she says no I
mean if there are flight attendants who
do agree with the Trump administration's
policy of separating the children
they're not saying anything on these
pages but she does say that overall
there have already been flight
attendants who have called in sick
because they don't want to deal with it
so that was kami Daniels who I read from
Linnea gallant is another individual who
works for American Airlines and who has
been on flights that transported some of
these minors and here's what she had to
say tonight we transported six children
on our flight they weren't allowed to
speak to us we were not allowed to give
them food that we sell on our
their handlers answered for them when we
asked them what they would like to drink
their handlers ate our food and watched
movies with earbuds that we show on our
flights the girls would not make eye
contact with us apparently all the
migrant children on this flight were
females one of the children sat and
cried most of the flight they were in
sweat suits and kept in single file line
mind you it's a hundred degrees outside
we were told they were being taken to be
relocated in their new homes in reality
they were being taken to detention
centers bs she also writes I have two
little boys if I was fleeing for my life
and the lives of my two little boys I
would hope that they would not be ripped
out of my arms when I was seeking help
appreciate the comforts of your nice
cozy big home in luxurious cars because
there are children that are being kept
in cages shame on you
holding children hostages for a wall
shame on you
so these two attendants keep emphasizing
that they're not political and they
almost never talk about politics on
their Facebook page but the one that Ana
just read from said it then look if you
agree with this policy you want to
unfriend me please unfriend me because I
don't want to be associated with you if
you think it's a good idea to rip these
kids from their parents and send them to
detention centers and having seen the
kids in person and having to escort them
and transport them there it's
particularly chilling for them right
it's a difficult situation and and I you
know these are all of the consequences
that I don't think anyone considered
much less the Trump administration of
course it's traumatizing for these kids
they're on this flight they're being
treated as if they're criminals they're
not allowed to eat anything that's being
sold on these flights I have a guess as
to why that is they probably being
overly careful quote/unquote because the
bureaucracy is saying hey listen if you
don't give them government sanction food
and something goes wrong you could be
held responsible and we don't want these
kids getting hurt and then we get blamed
for it etc I get it on the other hand
but we have to be human beings
and and eating in front of the kids and
you know while you're transporting them
and not letting them eat and not letting
them look at other human beings
I mean does anybody really want to raise
their hands and go 'yeah this is the
country I want to live in that's that's
not what we signed up for as Americans
but here we are
and I guess the answer is by the way yes
as we told you on the show
yesterday two different polls one has
got a 55 other ones got it at 58% of
Republicans saying yeah yeah we do want
this policy Democrats say no
independents say no overwhelming
majority of the country says no more
than two-thirds of the country says
don't do this including now to be fair a
lot of Republicans like Laura Bush
famously spoke out about a former first
lady and now a lot of the politicians
seeing those polls like Lindsey Graham
are coming out and saying yeah we should
we should probably change this policy
but right now Trump is unmoved and
unfortunately significant majority of
Republican voters are unmoved
I guess they look at those kids on those
flights and go well they had it coming
this is genocidal policy 101 in order to
do things to people like we had slavery
you have to make them less than human so
you have to put them on flights now that
might speak have not look at you because
we can't have any connection if you
manage of them if we hear their cries we
have to cope with the reason why that's
not true we have to call them from the
very beginning this guy's first
introduction to right of the president
they're rapists they're killers they're
coming to take over where you heard that
before
those those others are rapists they're
killers hide your kids hide your wives
we can demean them to less than human so
then we can do these things to them you
might not care as much anymore because
they're not just that humans they're
like pieces of random cargo that we're
sitting around the country but it
doesn't matter
they're children of they are children of
people that are less than human so
therefore less than human - it's all we
can try to justify it but nothing
walking up but they're still gonna push
it because that's what we've always done
I mean when you really think about it it
doesn't even matter if these children
are American if they fall under a
certain social group
there's a portion of the country that
doesn't believe in protecting them even
if they're Americans I mean why are we
surprised the Trump administration and
its supporters you I mean we're so
supportive of the cop that shot and
killed a 12 year old black boy who was
playing with a toy gun at a park so why
are we surprised they don't see them as
children they don't see them as humans
you're absolutely right Junior
I mean for all of this pro-life BS that
they throw in our faces and preach about
non-stop I mean all of a sudden they
don't care about kids they've never
cared about kids they care about judging
people's lives and using their religious
doctrine to do it and and that's it and
and they will see minorities especially
immigrant children as subhuman they
don't care
treating them like they're criminals
these are kids that just got ripped away
from their parents so later in the
program I'm gonna go into more detail
about what I looked up on website of the
Holocaust Museum and the language that
the Germans used not at the end but in
the beginning the Jews carry disease
they they're animals they're vermin and
they're the ones that caused all of our
problems from said that immigrants are
infesting the country right now he said
it today he said it today and and and
when they started taking the Jews away
here's what I want you to understand
we're not at the end of that right we're
not these kids are not being taken to be
murdered okay that's not happening okay
but understand that that's not how it
began in Germany either and in the
beginning they didn't say we're gonna
kill all the Jews in fact when they were
taking the Jews away they said we are
not going to kill them they said we are
exporting them out of the country and
and everything's gonna be okay and in a
haunting line that apparently border
patrol was using especially in the case
of the the infant that was taken away
while the mom was breastfeeding him they
said oh we're gonna take your kids to
take to get a bath which is exactly what
the German said when they were escorting
people into now it that was not holding
camps that they scored him to the
gas chambers those were the best okay
now that's not what's happening here but
we should be careful about that language
and we should be careful about going
down that road and we should be careful
about taking people's kids away and
putting them in detention centers in
obvious cages and then changing the
language and saying no it's just the
chain-link Thanks so it's okay because
we we've seen in the past where those
roads lead and we don't want any piece
of that and if you're a decent human
being you shouldn't want any piece of
that including some of the propaganda
and the beginnings of that process that
unfortunately far too many of us are
experiencing right now we were seeing
with our own eyes these flight
attendants are seeing it with their own
eyes and it's hard to it's hard to look
away I also want and you shouldn't by
the way you don't look oh you shouldn't
I also want to draw attention to one
other thing the New York Times had a
sit-down interview with Stephen Miller
and they recorded the conversation they
were gonna use the audio for their
reporting the White House reached out to
the New York Times and let them know
that they did not want that audio to be
released in any way shape or form I'm
not sure why but the New York Times
complied with the White House I think
it's fascinating that the very person
who influenced Trump and pushed him
toward this type of monstrous policy is
the same person that the White House
doesn't want on the record with audio
talking about how he thinks these
children should be treated and how this
policy is is a good idea
I mean look even Anthony skra Moochie
who was chief of staff for about 13
seconds to Donald Trump came out and
said well like you got to make up your
mind is it the Democrats who are making
you do it or is it deterrence as Miller
has suggested sessions as suggested or
is it a good thing that did we should be
doing this
or is it not happening at all they've
used all three different things no it's
not true
secretary nielsen said don't believe the
press it's not happening at all then the
Trump said it was the Democrats fault
and then sessions and Miller say no it's
a good thing that it's happening
apparently he said it in such outrageous
ways that even the try
administration doesn't want that getting
out so God knows what he said in those
tapes but we already know not only what
they've said but what they've done and
now as Americans interact with those
kids even if it's for a brief period of
time before they're put into cages it's
heartbreaking and I applaud the courage
of these people who are speaking out and
saying I saw it with my own eyes and
it's unbearable
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
