it seems like the only n-word that makes
people of all political identities
cringe in Trump's America is nuance for
years the pressure to pick an extremely
polarized side has dominated the outcome
of every single debate everything is
either right or wrong black or white
good or bad there's no room for anything
in-between
it's as if Americans believe there's no
value in critical thinking or
considering possible exceptions to their
preconceived notions but as many of us
know or at least should know life is a
lot more complicated than strict binary
outcomes opinions are often complex and
full of nuance and caveats yet we decide
to automatically reject the complexity
of arguments in order to make simplistic
and often inaccurate declarations about
what people really think I know this
because I experienced it on a regular
basis in fact there's been a jarring
example recently last week Donald Trump
met with kim jeong-hoon the
authoritarian dictator of north korea
they met in Singapore I've said on
multiple occasions that diplomacy is the
best policy when it comes to Foreign
Relations I was horrified at Trump's
initial strategy of escalating tensions
and threatening nuclear war with North
Korea when Trump eventually decided to
shift away from fire and fury and apply
diplomacy I was not only relieved but
supportive I also was a little hesitant
to throw a party in celebration because
Trump's temperament often leads to
extreme surprise mood swings diplomatic
talks are much better than than acting
like a juvenile on Twitter however I am
a little concerned that Trump will
somehow get tricked or baited into
something that could be disastrous I do
think that this is a considerable step
up from what he was doing before which
was tweeting juvenile tweets and making
fun of Kim Jong Un's weight if he could
actually dock this ship and denuclearize
North Korea and they actually follow
through which they almost never do but
if he do then all the credit in the
world of Donald Trump absolutely and I
think that you're right in terms of
giving Trump the carrot when it comes to
these negotiations because
even mainstream media outlets that
typically are incredibly critical of
Trump were applauding his attempts to
negotiate and I think that Trump more
than anyone loves that kind of
complementary coverage in the news so
when the summit finally happened and the
details were released
I had a few critical things to say let's
face it the meeting left much to be
desired when you compare this to the
agreement that he was not such a fan of
like the Iran agreement it leaves us not
in the best position the Iran agreement
specifically had a process of
verification that indicated that they
would stop their their nuclear programs
we don't have that with North Korea
Trump has publicly said on numerous
occasions that he wants to stop the
provocative war games
now you might dislike the provocative
war games and I hear you on that but
that is a bargaining chip that he has
already given away he has already given
it away nothing I said in my critiques
were inaccurate the Iran nuclear deal
was factually and undeniably a better
deal than the vague one-page agreement
signed by Trump and Kim jong-eun the
agreement with North Korea does not have
a timeline or verification or a clear
definition of what denuclearization
means in North Korea's context joint
military exercises between the u.s. and
South Korea might be interpreted as
provocative and ending them is fine with
me if you get what you want from North
Korea first North Korea has a history of
reneging after promising to halt
development of nuclear weapons
why would trump offer a massive
concession before North Korea does
anything it's just dumb negotiating and
I'd feel the exact same way if a
politician I loved tried to make a deal
from this weak sauce starting point but
for the billionth time I still think
these diplomatic talks offer a huge
improvement from what we had before I
give Trump credit for turning things
around sure he's the one who escalated
tensions in the first place by insulting
Kim's weight and comparing the size of
nuclear buttons on Twitter but he gets
credit for turning things around
but he sure as hell isn't protected from
any and all future criticism despite the
countless times I've pushed for
diplomacy on the show the mere fact that
I had the nerve to critique Trump's
meeting convinced a vociferous portion
of viewers to conclude that I was ready
for nuclear war let's hear from some of
them shall we yet oh prince on youtube
says didn't think it was possible to
criticize peace with North Korea but
here comes TYT yeah except we don't have
genuine and lasting peace with North
Korea we have de-escalation with North
Korea which isn't the same thing to say
that we got exactly what we wanted and
we can all pretend like the possibility
of war is non-existent is pretty naive
elusive liquid rights TYT has gone full
conservative neo lip fascinating didn't
know that I was conservative or a neo
lip can you show me one example where I
advocated for nuclear war or even
military invasion rather than diplomacy
can you point to one example where I
supported war under the Obama
administration no well maybe go learn
with a neoliberal is Stormwatch NZ
rights if Obama had managed to get the
DPRK to the negotiating table the TYT
would be jizzing in their pants and
demanding then you get another Nobel
Peace Prize but because it's Trump they
imply that he supports human rights
abuse TYT criticized Obama incessantly
including criticisms for human rights
abuses because you know we're actually
interested in telling our audience the
truth rather than shimmying around like
cheerleaders for a political party I
mean I just don't get it was I supposed
to pretend like everything that came out
of that summit was spectacular and
groundbreaking should I or should we all
give Trump the Nobel Peace Prize and dub
him commander and peace why is it that
in the minds of some Americans you can't
be in favor of diplomacy against nuclear
war and critical of the vague agreement
that resulted from this summit aren't we
smarter than that well I mean Trump's
our president so maybe we're not my job
is to analyze the news which requires
picking apart and sharing conclusions
based on research when dissecting a news
item it's rare for my subsequent
opinions to lack caveat
nuance life just isn't as simplistic as
we'd all like it to be it's also
frustrating that people declare what my
thoughts are for me because they don't
want to take a second to consider that
my opinions aren't always black or white
if you really want to think about it the
same outcome can be applied to every
other controversial issue facing the
nation today if you call attention to
the excessive force used by cops you're
automatically anti cop I mean if you
call attention to cops that apply
kindness and serve their communities
you're automatically considered a cop
supporter who denies police brutality in
the minds of many cops in general are
either good or bad there is no middle
ground there is no nuance the same goes
for religion you have to either hate and
attack religion in general or love it
you're not allowed to draw distinctions
between fundamentalists and moderates if
you bring up obvious racial tensions in
America you automatically hate white
people even if you're white it makes me
so perplexed and and frustrated I can't
decide if people purposely paint these
poor LAT polarized pictures to D
legitimize people they disagree with or
if there really is some sort of
rejection of nuance
either way the overly simplified debates
that are taking place across the country
are further dividing Americans into
extreme groups that make little to no
sense here people out understand the
reasoning behind their opinions and
don't be so quick to draw conclusions
based on what you choose to ignore
caveats exceptions and nuance are our
friends be open to them
