did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio The
Washington Post has reported some pretty
crazy news about Roger stone and how he
had just forgotten about the fact that
during Trump's campaign for president he
had met with a Russian who had some dirt
or at least claimed to have some dirt on
Hillary Clinton and offered to sell it
to him for millions of dollars how could
I possibly forget I don't know now let's
get to the details of the story
apparently Roger stone and Michael
Caputo say they forgot to tell
investigators about their contact with a
Russian national who goes by the name
Henry Greenberg even though they say
Greenberg offered to sell incriminating
information to the Trump campaign for
two million dollars now my favorite part
of this whole story isn't just the fact
that Roger stone is pretending like he
forgot this it's what he had told this
Russian national because remember he
wanted Trump to pay two million dollars
for this incriminating information and
Roger stone told him you don't
understand Donald Trump he doesn't pay
for anything you're right and I love
that part yet what he could have added
is you don't understand he doesn't
actually have any money okay we've been
lying about it from day one
billionaire that's hilarious yeah so but
the the initial lie and the way that it
was uncovered is is great so let's just
get this right Roger stone doesn't
remember having a meeting during the
campaign was someone who asked for two
million dollars in order to give dirt on
Hillary Clinton whether they were
Russian or not I think just slipped his
mind and when asked about it he's like
and I meet with any Russian
and by the way the guy in this story he
calls himself Henry greenberg here's an
enormous Russian accent okay that's okay
god bless it's okay unless you're
offering two million dollars for from
Russia for or to get money from the
Trump Organization in exchange for
information that might have come from
Russia so look he didn't do the deal so
I he's a slippery character God knows if
they'll get him on on the lying let
alone the actual deal itself so the deal
itself they probably won't get him on so
he didn't have to but like Trump it's in
his nature it's his MO to lie that's
what he does regularly so he could have
just come out and said look we didn't
take the offer so end of question right
but he couldn't help himself no no I
don't remember it and so how did they
come to well go ahead okay yeah I'm just
dying to jump in you're right Jake
because based on what we know so far
based on this investigation it appears
that Roger stone did the right thing did
not take this deal did not pay the two
million dollars there's no evidence
indicating that Trump even knew about it
so why not just be forthcoming don't
tell me that you forgot about it you
didn't just forget you know that there's
this giant investigation happening right
now and so why not come forward and be
like yo this interaction occurred but I
was not interested and I walked away
from it again he said i flatly rejected
his proposal in what was a 20-minute
meeting and never mentioned it to trump
or the Trump campaign because the idea
was so ludicrous now how did he get
caught well a special counsel robert
muller is of course doing this
investigation and through his
investigation he came across michael
Caputo's emails and text messages and he
came across a text message interaction
between caputo and Roger stone and so
the terms of that meeting were clear in
that text message exchange so that's how
you know stone got caught lying
essentially apparently he said that
Caputo brought it to my attention it
having arisen in his interview with
Muller's team okay so that's basically
an admission I wasn't going to tell you
until I found out that my co-conspirator
had been asked about it by Muller
and Muller had the text that's what I
remembered that I had met with the guy
and he has for two million bucks well
that's pretty convenient I suppose MN so
if you don't know Roger so there's a
documentary about our means I like I
partly don't want to give the guy any
oxygen on the other hand this snake has
been released include world by download
Trump and whether we like it or not he
commonly referred to as a dirty
trickster yes I don't think is harsh
enough yeah he has a tattoo of Richard
Nixon on the small of his back I don't
know who he wants to see that tattoo and
under what context but it is it's there
and so to him lying under oath it's
Tuesday it's like why would I tell you
the truth what am i a sucker so I think
that probably my guess is by his gut
instinct was no I didn't meet with any
Russians nope nope never and and one of
the reasons he wouldn't want you to know
other than the fact that hey begins a
series of questions that he doesn't want
to answer is that he didn't have the
meeting he knew that the meeting Caputo
told him the meeting was they're gonna
try to give you dirt on Hillary Clinton
he said well that sounds like a good
idea the reason he didn't do the deal
which were ironically giving him credit
for here is because Trump has that many
money so he's like me Trump give you two
million dollars he didn't give anybody
anything right so that not gonna happen
and and by the way the other reason they
didn't do the deal is because the
information was nonspecific so and it
again to be fair to stone and I can't
believe I'm saying that in the text
he told Caputo after the meeting no
there was nothing interesting that came
out of that meeting yeah so they did not
do the deal also if I remember the
report incorrectly and correct me if I'm
wrong Roger stone met with him this
Russian national in 2016 and based on
the reports that I read he had left or
stopped working for the Trump campaign
in 2015 that's right but that's all
official versus unofficial no but that's
relevant because you know if this is an
investigation into you know Russian
involvement in the elections well then
if it's not part of Trump's campaign
does it matter
if someone who's just supportive of
Trump but not part of his campaign met
with this Russian national well the
person who's more relevant than Roger
stone here is Caputo because he is Trump
campaign communication official so he is
definitely part of the campaign he's the
one who set up a meeting in the first
place
caputo also has partners linked to
Russia yet another official that has
connections to Russia that just wound up
on Trump's campaign yeah and let me give
you a broader view of the number of
people who were in communication with
Russians during the campaign the new
disclosure brings the total of Trump
associates who had contacts with
Russians during the 2016 campaign to at
least 12 a dozen at least a dozen people
related to Trump's campaign had some
communication with Russians and that is
unheard of in campaigns
this is not like Fredman look this has
never really come up before this is so
unprecedented so for those who might
think oh yeah this is the kind of stuff
that happens all the time right no it
doesn't if this is not occur in
campaigns yes so we'll see if they bust
them for the preposterous lie of I
forgot and it'll be one of the many
things they investigate about Roger
stone so Caputo is connected to the
Trump campaign even at the time I
actually don't care that much about the
other story that they everybody makes a
big deal out of Roger stone
communicating with WikiLeaks I view Vic
WikiLeaks as a organization that largely
those journalism so people can
communicate with them and if you think
hey they're being one-sided okay I hear
you on that and I'll let the
investigators sort out whether there was
anything wrong there or not I care more
about if there were stolen emails and
Roger stone somehow had connection to or
had access to those emails before they
became public somebody prints the emails
publicly whether it's the New York Times
or WikiLeaks that's a totally different
story if stone had access to them before
and it appears whether it's official or
not that he's going around trying to
find dirt on Hillary Clinton for the
Trump team throughout 2015 and 2016 well
that might be a difference
we will let the investigator to sort
that out but the one thing we know for
sure is he didn't forget that's
ridiculous
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
