did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio First
Lady Melania Trump rarely releases any
statement involving her opinions on
policy however a spokesperson for
Melania Trump has released a statement
saying that she doesn't necessarily
agree with what's happening to children
at the border now Donald Trump and Jeff
Sessions
have implemented a policy of taking
children away from parents as they seek
asylum in the United States the children
are then detained in facilities
throughout the country here's what
Melania Trump said in a statement mrs.
Trump hates to see children separated
from their families and hopes both sides
of the aisle can finally come together
to achieve successful immigration reform
she believes we need to be a country
that follows all laws but also a country
that governs with heart so she at least
through this statement appears to be
regurgitating a common line that we hear
from the Trump administration which is I
mean it's the Democrats Democrats can
work with us and give us exactly what we
won then we won't hold these kids
hostage anymore which is frustrating but
remember she is the first lady and she
did release a statement that goes
against what Trump is doing to something
a little bit okay so this is it my
interpret what I think this is okay
I think it's Melania Trump groans Jesus
and I can't believe we're doing this
okay
I don't want to be associated with this
I didn't ask for this I didn't sign up
for this I don't know how the hell I got
myself into this mess but I'm not gonna
go along with you taking the kids away
from their parents because I'm a mom I
okay now you might say hey change your
way over interpreting I hear you fair
enough
but that's it's the reason I interpreted
that way is because it is extraordinary
for a first lady to come out with a
statement that in any way disagrees with
the president yeah so it's it's a way
your situation now she has to put in
there now look it's the Democrats fault
and they should come to a good thing she
didn't say it's a progressive fault but
she implied it by saying both sides need
to come together and you have to follow
the laws etc but talking about governing
with hearted and criticizing the policy
in any way shape or form
is I think it's fair to call it
unprecedented I don't ever remember a
first lady doing that she has an
anti-bullying initiative that's her
thing right as first lady like like
let's be clear she doesn't want to be
first lady she didn't want to be part of
this at all and I I to some extent feel
bad for her because it's clear that she
doesn't want to be part of this huge
mess that she's now stuck in right
but even so her initiative is all about
anti bullying this is one of the worst
policies if you're really in favor of
anti-bullying you are bullying future
immigrants or at least attempting to
deter them from coming into the country
by using people who are ripped from
their their families as examples like
don't come in don't try to come to the
u.s. we might take your kids away I mean
anyway by the way just to clarify or
tell you again more than two thousand
kids have already been taken away from
their parents because of this Trump
policy that is a low estimate because a
lot of these numbers haven't even been
reported yet from some ports of entry
and these numbers us up until late May
now also Jeff Sessions doubles down he
says if you're smuggling a child then we
will prosecute you and that child will
be separated from you as required by law
Laura Bush is against this former first
lady Laura Bush she said in an op-ed
that she recently published I live in a
border state
I appreciate the need to enforce and
protect our international boundaries but
the zero tolerance policy is cruel it is
immoral and it breaks my heart so I want
to give Laura Bush a ton of credit there
the Obamas are on a yacht somewhere I
don't know where they are
so good point yes and but here comes
Laura Bush saying well if somebody's got
to say it right and she made a lot of
good factual points in our op-ed as well
pointing out that there
now a hundred kids under the age of four
at least over a hundred kids under the
age of four that we have separated from
their parents let alone all the other
kids and she compared to the internment
camps that we put the Japanese through
and and she had a lot of tough things to
say about it
and I really really appreciate her
coming out and look Laura Bush had never
got involved in her husband's policies
is doesn't seems to by all accounts not
enjoy politics it's not her saying etc
and and I know liberals sometimes they
dislike george w bush so much and i did
too right based on his policies that
they extended it to Laura Bush I didn't
not because I care about civility in
Washington etc I think that's overhyped
just because on the facts she didn't do
any of it she didn't participate so that
one time she comes out and makes a
political statement it's to say I can't
take it no this is wrong this is
shameful don't do this so world of
credit to Laura Bush meanwhile Barack
Obama said well there's president I
don't want to ruin my legacy and you
know if I come out and criticize another
president and the press will yell at me
and so I'm still calculating I'm
somewhere with a calculator on a yacht
so I I know you you can get upset at me
for taking a jab at the Obamas I'm still
looking for his walking boots than where
he's gonna come help progressives but
here's Laura Bush doing it was a
obviously a former Republican first lady
and coming to the rescue to some degree
and by the way one more thing about that
in a case like this it's more important
when a Republican voices speak out
because the press knows you know a
little bit understandably liberals
attacking Trump is not that surprising
and a little bit of like they have
disdain for progressives but so when a
Republican says they're like whoa okay
so even more courage on the part of
Laura Bush so call it like it is
great job by her and as I've said now
maybe four times on the show Franklin
Graham a guy I cannot stand and disagree
with 99% of the time came out and said
it's it's wrong you shouldn't be doing
this evangelical leaders I disagree with
conservative ones wrote a letter to the
White House saying stop it
don't do this to the kids right so
credit where credit is due
yeah so Franklin Graham specifically
said that Trump's policy is disgraceful
and he is a longtime Trump ally this is
not you know huge ally or miss a light
those are the evangelicals that got him
elected as president 81% of them voted
for Trump and had 85 percent voter
turnout so those guys made Trump in a
lot of ways but at least here they're
drawing a line two easy ways following
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
