this doesn't happen often on TYT but we
have a story about a clarinetist a young
man who is a very talented clarinetist
has just won a huge lawsuit to the tune
of hundreds of thousands of dollars
because of the wrongdoings of his former
girlfriend
let me explain so apparently he was
studying at a university and while he
was studying he decided to apply to a
musical institution that would basically
set him up for a classical career
classical music career of his dreams
that's what he really loves to do he
plays the clarinet now during his second
year studying at McGill University he
decided to apply to the world class
Holborn Conservatory of Music in Los
Angeles which offers every student a
scholarship covering tuition room and
board and living expenses so this is his
dream come true and he was so talented
that he was like I got this I got this
they're gonna love me I'm gonna get in
now weeks later he opened an email
signed by this instructor that he really
loves and apparently is very talented
sorry I don't know who he is and letting
him know he had not been selected for
the program he was crushed
this clarinetist ended up finishing his
bachelor's degree at McGill delaying his
professional musical career but then two
years later he's like I'm gonna give it
another shot okay I think I can do it
this time but then I all of a sudden he
gets in contact with the instructor that
he wanted to work with who then he
wanted to get educated by and the
instructor was like what are you doing
here you applied we accepted you and
then you rejected us and he couldn't
understand what was going on and so he
started thinking about you know how
there was this miscommunication and then
he realized maybe his ex-girlfriend they
had broken up a year earlier had
something to do with this he remembered
the password that she had used for her
own email used that password for the
email account that sent him the
rejection letter and he basically found
out that his girlfriend did something
very shady the girlfriend had logged on
to his email account
and deleted his acceptance letter to
Coburn no she impersonated Eric in an
email to Gilad declining to offer de
client declining the offer because he
would be elsewhere then she impersonated
GLAAD's through a fake email address
telling Eric Abramowitz he had not been
accepted so she's the one his
ex-girlfriend and they were dating at
the time was the one who did all this
tricky position
identity fraud fraud like I see Tara
great yeah she delayed his career by two
years so he ended up you know finishing
his education at McGill then he went to
USC spent tens of thousands of dollars
getting an education that he didn't
really want he wanted to go to this
classical music school she screwed him
so he sued her a couple ways yeah so he
seized her and
he Sue's her and they're all from Canada
right and and so they're very polite the
Ontario Supreme Court awarded him three
hundred fifty thousand dollars in
damages now that's Canadian dollars it's
two hundred sixty thousand dollars in us
money and called the girlfriend
reprehensible betrayal of trust and
despicable interference in his career I
hate this story I I love it because
there was justice in the end he found
out what happened yeah but this is one
of those stories that you hear that guys
go see bitches be crazy this specific
but this bitch probably crazy but we
didn't hear her side of the story
I read further on into the article and
it said I think attributed to her that
she was afraid that if he went on to
school he wouldn't come back to her yeah
but there's just this there's this fear
of abandonment that people have that I
think overwhelms all other fears where
we get into the some people stay stay
stay they were 17 at the time and I get
it when you're 17 the person you're
where you think the person you're with
is the love of your life you're gonna be
with them for the rest of your life but
you're not you're not 99% of those
relationships end and they end
disastrously so just like save yourself
the heartache and don't do identity
fraud regular used by the idea this is
the love of my life so I will destroy my
for two years she was like consoling him
and trying to calm him down cuz he was
really upset look at this cutie
by the way like know what this story's a
dramedy right and so it's both funny but
it's we of course we all feel bad for
the kid and it's not funny for him while
the rest of us left but but I love his
sick to Iturbe miss so he decided you
know what I would go back cause I'm
going to Coburn anyway by hook or by
crook so if he hadn't done that if he
just resigned himself to his fate he
would have never found out the truth so
and that's why so many people are now
rooting for him and and and a little on
the fact that he has drama involving a
clarinetist and a flautist aren't they
go flautist
yeah it's like this is totally oh that's
true yes they were both musicians see
this is why I don't date stand-up
comedians yeah might be competitive that
jealousy it's just it's too bad that
some people can't love without still
maintaining but me first yes but it but
me though yeah I totally agree we're
vicious little animals that's who we are
look I'll tell you though
oh it's the only thing funnier about
this story than what actually happened
was Anna trying to avoid they're too
easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
