there was an impromptu interview with
Fox News and Donald Trump this morning
and the interview was lengthy and also a
bit rambley but there was one portion of
it that really stood out to critics of
Trump but also to conservatives as well
because he has been going around town
saying very complimentary things about
Kim jong-eun he said other complimentary
things about other authoritarian leaders
around the world and so in the middle of
this interview he says this scene mr.
Kim here at the White House could happen
I mean they talked about that yes I
think it's something that could happen
yeah hey he's the head of a country and
I mean he is the strong head don't let
anyone think anything different he
speaks and his people sit up at
attention I want my people to do the
same so he points to the White House and
says I want my people to do the same so
of course that alarms people because he
seems to have an affinity for
authoritarianism and he said all these
um you know incredible compliments about
Kim Jong moon and then you know again
the context of that statement was he's
the head of the country and I mean he
has a strong head don't let anyone tell
you anything different he speaks and his
people sit up at attention I want my
people to do the same it since it's
crazy it's shocking
yes absolutely shocking and even the
fact that he was like he sits it was
like halfway to just just go there just
go all the way there I mean because
that's what you're looking for there's
no element that the people sit up at
attention because they're under threat
of into imprisonment and torture
it's the malignant narcissistic
personality disorder where you don't
care how you get adulation you just want
that adulation yeah and he sees it you
know he see the fact that he looks at
Kim jong-un and is like that's the guy
that I want it's so chilling and this
whole summit you know being of South
Korean descent and just seeing this
whole summit play out has just been so
chilling seeing the the flags our flag
next to the North Korean flag I mean
this is a guy that has executed multiple
family members this is a guy that in his
country every household has a photo of
him and if you don't bow down to the
photo of him you will
hauled off and murdered I mean it's just
bonkers you know and for Trump to be
like yeah this is this is my god isn't
the buddy that I want to emulate is just
insane Helen I mean you say dragged off
and murdered he says strong head he's a
strong head I wonder what he would have
called Stalin he was also strong head
right and by the way it's so Stalin was
one of the biggest murderers in in human
history but kim jeong-hoon
is honest might be on a smallest here
because he he just commands over less
people but it's not that far apart
he has concentration camps the North
Korean regime is absolutely brutal and
has killed countless people and and
treats its citizens worse than any
country on Earth right now and is a
dictator that pretends to be a communist
much like Stalin and so but you're
pretty Trump even if you were to give
him the enormous benefit of the doubt
which he does not deserve in any way
shape or form and say that he was joking
when he said he wants his people to sit
up at attention and I want my people to
do the same
imagine if Obama had said that joking or
otherwise well Obama caught a lot of
heat for signing executive orders he
caught a lot of heat for doing things
unilaterally without Congress's
involvement and so I just find it so
fascinating that the very people who
criticized Obama for being too
authoritarian in their eyes are now
supporting Trump and supporting all the
different things that he's done
unilaterally right he's alienated
himself from his own aides
he doesn't want their advice he refuses
to or says he's gonna refuse to sign any
type of bipartisan legislation
pertaining to immigration reform he does
things on his own and he says he's
signed countless executive orders early
on in his first term hopefully his only
term by the way what was his excuse for
that statement that he made because
reporters wanted to know like are you
serious what's going on so following
that interview with Fox & Friends a
reporter asked him what did you mean
just now when you said you wished a
mayor
kids would sit up at attention and
here's what he said I'm kidding you
don't understand sarcasm hey who are you
with you're with CNN
hey you're the worst bomb ahead said I
mean once Obama tweet fox news's
and wondered if they were really fair
and balanced and everybody flipped out
how could you how could the president
try to intimidate the press that way by
attacking Fox News yeah I mean look at
what Trump is done if Obama was going
around going I mean and within the
context that Trump has if Obama what he
would know if we know he normalized
relationships with Cuba the same guys
Sean Hannity said well like how dare are
you their brutal communist dictators and
we can't meet with them and if Obama
joked around like hey Fidel Castro is a
strong head okay and he gets his people
to pay attention judge just like I want
right you think that Sean Hannity would
be like oh no no it's okay he's just
kidding but one of the things that I
think Plato said preceded and the fall
of any Great Society was among other
things rank partisanship as just a
matter of course and I feel like that's
not it's just expected now that you just
you you cheer for your team regardless
of objective reality just to comment on
that quickly I was on a show called left
right and center it's a NPR usually
carries it but it's a local show here
radio show and rich Lowry who writes for
the National Review edits the National
Review
he was the person representing the right
and I was kind of shocked at how
reasonable he is because it's a rarity
these days people are unwilling to bend
when it comes to understanding other
perspectives and at least acknowledging
when the other side is right and so it's
a really scary world we're living in
when the partisanship is that you know
divisive because we're moving further
away from objective reality right but
also because the Republican Party is now
the Trump party it's no longer like
traditional republicanism and so and we
just have these primary elections where
if you if you're a Republican you say
something against Trump
with your head you're gone and so I
think if you're a Republican in power
right like in a seat right now you're
like okay you know I could say something
against Trump I definitely don't agree
with him but if I do my seat is gone
right and that's it's crazy it's bonkers
how much you know the the Republicans
have just dug in like Trump's our guy
and we support everything he does and if
you don't support him then you're gone
like it's just it's nice yeah
that's creeping authoritarianism and so
I also wanted to show you a quick clip
of Trump earlier this week talking about
the president of China just a little
context for you the president of China
did away with term limits which would
allow him to serve as president
indefinitely so that's pretty
undemocratic and Trump was asked what he
thought about that here's what he had to
say of a very good relationship with
President Xi of Chinese you know
incredible guy they just you know
essentially president for life that's
pretty good no guys he's not joking he
says it over and over and over again and
he acts it out too he just he keeps
saying in public I I wouldn't hire Jeff
Sessions if I knew that he was gonna
enforce the law if I knew that he wasn't
gonna recuse it that he was gonna recuse
himself because of a calvinist that's
what sessions is supposed to do as the
Attorney General of us the United States
of America and its citizens not the
president's lawyer he just doesn't
understand that concept and doesn't
believe in that concept he he wants he's
like I don't get it why doesn't
everybody sit up at attention i won I'm
the leader of the country why can't I be
president for life why can't what get I
because you're not a dictator we didn't
elect you to be a dictator we like to do
to represent us yeah and he's just not
doing I think he thinks he's King like I
legitimately think think he thinks I
became I was elected to King karyam and
King me like why a wire all you subjects
not bowing down and the fact that that
he's saying great things about Kim
jong-un and the president of China while
apparently can't there's a
please inhale for Canada right we living
in the upside down right now what is
happening to easy ways for young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
