thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt voting rights
continue to be a huge controversial
topic in the state of Georgia where it
appears that its Secretary of State a
man by the name of Brian Kemp who is
also running for governor is doing
everything he can to take certain people
off the voter rolls and prevent them
from voting now the certain people I'm
talking about mostly consists of the
minority community the black community
in in Georgia now there have been two
main policies implemented in the state
of Georgia that have essentially
disenfranchised voters they're overseen
by camp and have drawn criticism and
legal challenges Georgia's exact match
registration verification process and
the mask collection or I'm sorry
cancellation of inactive voter
registrations so one of the things
that's happening we've talked about this
on the show before is they're pretending
like they're trying to verify the
addresses of voters and so they
supposedly sent out these mailers asking
people to respond back to verify their
address many people didn't receive those
mailers I'm guessing that some people
probably lost them or saw them and
thought it was just junk mail but either
way tens of thousands of people have
been taken off the the voter rolls so
53,000 to be specific also under the
policy information on voter applications
must precisely match information on file
with the Georgia Department of Driver
Services or Social Security
Administration so if there's even a
small mistake so for instance if there
is a missing - in a hyphenated last name
they will be kicked off the voter rolls
okay so that's that that's the one of
the two issues that's the exact match
registration so if it doesn't match
perfectly then they're like no you're on
hold and that's and there's all these
people that are being put on hold and
they might not be able to
and there's a reason why they're doing
it is it because they're really
sticklers for grammar or they're really
worried about rampant voter fraud
there's almost no cases of voter fraud
in Georgia there's 13 in the whole
country it is a miniscule non-existent
problem the Republicans invented to
suppress the vote and wait till you see
what percentage this applies to for
african-americans yes that's the real
reason they're doing so first I want to
be clear about what's been going on in
the state of Georgia overall when it
comes to voters being disenfranchised
this has been going on for a while okay
it's gotten worse this year because of
Kemp and his very tight race with Stacey
Abrams for governor but Kemp's office
has cancelled over 1.4 million voter
registration since 2012 nearly 600
70,000 registrations were cancelled in
2017 alone okay so let me be clear about
context here
so do you from time to time do you need
to cancel voter registrations yes why
because things like people die and they
move and so they're not there anymore I
don't live in New Jersey anymore you got
to clear my name from the voter rolls in
New Jersey because I'm in California now
okay so it's not a thing that that is it
it doesn't have to be done to do voter
purges okay but that's why you have to
look at the numbers and is it an extreme
number who does a target what has been
the effect and in fact historically
there's we're number of states since the
Civil Rights Act that would
systematically discriminating it
discriminate against minorities and and
they would do so by doing voter purges
only in certain areas or in certain ways
that were meant to affect African
Americans more now they had to clear it
with the courts before they did it in
the past but this right-wing court said
no you don't have to clear it anymore go
back to any discrimination you like and
after you in the elections they could
bring it up and good luck to him okay so
it's now a joke
so the 1.4 million number since 2012 for
Brian camp and what he did in Georgia is
a huge number but that's pales in
comparison to this year six
hundred and seventy thousand in just
this year now in 2017 I'm sorry in 2017
now why now Brian Kemp is the Secretary
of State he knows that what what he
position he's gonna run for and now in
2018 he does run for it he's running for
governor he's maintaining the race for
himself so he's getting to make the
decisions of which voters to exclude and
a race he's in so everybody's like well
you gotta obviously recuse yourself he's
like nope I don't care he refuses not
only will I not recuse myself I'll cheat
I'll actively cheat and block your
voters so he claims like we got to get
into the demographic numbers right
because that's what the most relevant
part of this so it appears that he's
specifically targeting the black
community and the numbers prove that
okay so Georgia's population is
approximately 32% black and that's
according to the US census but the list
of voter registrations on hold with
Kemp's office is nearly 70% black gee I
wonder why like what and he thinks well
the way that he's trying to portray this
in the media because of course he's
getting a lot of criticism for this is
no no this is nothing more than a
made-up left-wing conspiracy that's not
what's happening I'm just trying to
ensure that there isn't voter fraud in
my state right so this little lie yeah
total nice so the civil rights group
Color of Change has called this a return
to the Jim Crow act or to Jim Crow time
period an era that was before the civil
rights movement had put legislation that
overturned Jim Crow laws across the
country and it this exact match scenario
actually violates the Voting Rights Act
which the civil rights movement put into
law and what's interesting is the
lawyers Committee for civil rights under
law successfully sued Kemp mm-hmm
for doing the same exact thing in 2016
using this exact match scheme where he
tried to put 40,000 registrations on
hold so he has a history of doing this
he has a history of being successfully
sued for it so the fact that he wouldn't
Riku
himself is not only obnoxious but he
knows he has a chance of losing big time
because Stacey Abrams could be the first
black woman governor in US history and
they're not ready to give that up at all
and I enjoy in in Virginia we had a
black governor oh woman black governor
yeah yeah so she would be the first and
this is a really tight race and this is
I mean we have to watch out for this
because there are so many schemes that
the Republican Party and the Trump
administration have put into effect that
are eroding your civil liberties your
civil rights and they're doing it either
under your nose or without mainstream
media putting zero without mainstream
media putting intense focus on something
that will take away your rights I mean
this is just the beginning
ya know look everybody who cares should
be outraged I mean look if you're a
Republican are you proud of this it's
like haha we get to cheat and we blocked
is seventy percent African Americans and
I mean and then you go around saying oh
where do you guys get racism from now I
know that the main reason camps doing it
is because he's a cheater and wants to
win and he'll do it at any cost and it
just so happens that African Americans
vote against Republicans so he's like
then I got a block african-americans so
I don't know what's in his heart about
does he hate black people I don't know
maybe does maybe he doesn't but it
doesn't matter that his actions affect
blacks clearly decisively indisputably
disproportionately it's clearly
affecting blacks more and while that is
a racial and racist outcome and so at a
bare minimum he doesn't care in fact he
revels in it he I don't know if he's
like joking but he's and and if this is
also partly racist he says no no it's
it's their problem because they didn't
adequately fill out the forms okay
and I mean it's just such a that's a dog
whistle they don't know what they're
doing it's their fault not my fault
and so and and the Republican Party does
this unfortunately this is a maybe the
most brazen case because it affects 70
percent African Americans right gee I
wonder if that was an accident that's
not remotely an accident but these the
Republican Party does throughout the
country and they study different ways of
how do you do voter suppression without
saying hey I'm just gonna pick black
people and Latinos or whoever and make
sure they don't get to vote if you do
that well then the courts say okay
that's obviously racist you're picking
black people who's they're black so what
do they do they've studied all the data
one of the things that they've found is
that it turns out that minorities
african-americans most I think Asians
second and Latinos third have the same
name so there'll be to Doug Jones in the
same County so what they do is they say
all right we're wiping out all the
people with same names and for whatever
reason as it turns out there that
affects White's significantly less than
minorities so wipes away a lot of
minorities disproportionately and then
they go what what I didn't do it based
on race but they do it all over because
they know that that is the exact purpose
here in Georgia here's another example
Brian Kemp the well-known cheater who
fraud who's running for governor right
now another trick he tried to do was
close down the majority of polling
stations in black in a black county okay
and the county eventually was like no no
where did you we're not gonna do it
so it's he does it on purpose he picks
black counties he says okay if I shut
down enough polling stations I'll get to
say well there was a couple that were
open but it makes it much harder for you
to vote much more inconvenient and it
makes the lines and the other police
issues way longer and then you might be
late to work and lose your job etc so
it's a way of systematically
discriminating against african-americans
on purpose what is that it's both
cheating and being a goddamn racist
which is what Brian Kemp is I know that
his service just they cry all the time
when you point out facts about what they
do but this has clearer
results that's who Brian Kemp is if he
if your excuse for him is yeah but he
has a lust for power and that's why he
did it not because he hates black people
congratulations you know the thing is
the Republican Party actually hasn't
been able to win successfully and I
would say decades and major races so
they've either resorted to
gerrymandering voter suppression or
something we rarely talk about anymore
because it was decided by the governor
of Florida and the Supreme Court at the
time was Bush's
presidential election in 2000 which was
a classic case of voter fraud of
charging people around voter fraud but
Whitford hanging chads and then his
brother was the governor of florida and
he just went right through to becoming
president of the united states so the
republican party hasn't been
successfully winning so they're going
all out in their cheatin schemes whether
it is colluding with the Russians or
practicing systematic racist Jim Crow
era strategies to do so I just I just
want people who pretend like they're
outraged by the disrespect shown by NFL
players kneeling to stop just just
please stop pretending like you care
about our democracy you care about what
this country stands for you care about
what the soldiers are protecting you
don't care about any of that because
this is the kind of thing you should be
outraged about regardless of which
political party is doing it now if
Democrats were doing it we would be
outraged when the DNC was conducting
itself the way it was during this past
election we were outraged about that we
criticized Hillary's campaign as a
result of that because that was not okay
but look we're talking about two
different sides that play by two
different rules you have a group of
people who want to be principled and
want to do the right thing because they
actually value democracy and then you
have the other side to answer your point
janked are Republicans proud of this
hell yeah they're proud of this do you
see them you know getting upset about it
do you see them you know trying to
protect voters in the state of Georgia
of course they don't they've been trying
to you know spread this false narrative
of voter fraud since 2012
if somebody came up to me and said hey
we can systematically block white males
from voting disproportionately because
and because they vote in higher numbers
for Republicans you want to do it I'd
say of course not well who the hell that
believes in democracy would want to do
that if you think that they vote more
for Republicans then go convince them to
vote for Democrats that's how you do it
but that's because we actually have
integrity unlike Republicans who don't
care about that at all and what Anna's
point is a hundred percent fair if
you're a Republican are you calling out
Brian Kemp no you're not they're still
crying UC Berkeley and students
protesting politicians are calling out
Brian Kemp for his obvious voter fraud
cheating racism all of it no one calling
him out you know what happened to their
line of logic that Republicans usually
use well the moderate Muslims should be
calling out the extreme others well
moderate Republicans why aren't you
calling out this extreme Republican
who's clearly cheating in this election
by the way he's opponent is not just any
old Democrat and has made the point
she's african-american
and then he golly gee he happened to
block african-american votes and try to
eliminate polling in African American
counties in Georgia what a coincidence
it's not a coincidence and you know it
use it you know he's an absolute cheater
and I don't see a single goddamn
Republican do it anything about it in
fact you revel in it so just admit it
you're part of a party who doesn't like
democracy you like cheating and that's
why you're proud of guys like Brian Kemp
I think that was clear about that was I
clearly by the way Stacey Abrams is a
wonderful progressive and we will have
links down below if you're watching this
later on YouTube or Facebook so you can
tour websites so you could find out more
and try to help her and if you live in
Georgia I don't care if you're African
American any other race I don't care
what you are
you should not stand for this they're
trying to block your vote you should all
show up in record numbers in Georgia and
send this Brian Kemp home otherwise he's
going to be your governor and he's gonna
actively oppress you for the entirety of
his term in this career end his career
right now on the go don't worry we've
got you covered you still listen to t
whitey at our new podcast network find
us on Apple podcast at google play store
or at tea why
calm / podcast
