young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio a federal judge has revoked Donald
Trump's former campaign managers bail
and sent him to prison earlier today to
await two different trials after it was
a ledge that he was tampering with
witnesses a judge Amy Berman Jackson of
the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia said that he could
not remain free even under stricter
conditions which his lawyers had argued
for in the face of new felony charges
that he engaged in witness tampering
while out on bail now in previous shows
we have broken down the evidence that he
was doing that witness tampering it
seems pretty clear to me at the time
multiple witnesses he was communicating
with to attempt to coordinate stories of
them they instead went and spoke to the
FBI so he miss he miscalibrated on that
to get you up to speed in case you
haven't been following the paul manna
forked story so far
mana Ford is currently facing a combined
total of 25 charges spread over two
venues his Virginia trial is currently
scheduled to begin on July 25th and his
DC trial on September 17th the charge is
focused on mana forts lobbying and
foreign work for pro Russian Ukrainian
interest prior to the campaign
these finances and now alleged witness
tampering as well so we're gonna have a
response from Donald Trump and from
Donald Trump's legal team but first what
do you think so from time to time
they'll do these polling and in great
majority of Republicans believe that
there have been no charges at all in the
Russian election meddling situations and
and unfortunately a lot of people in the
country believe that and I believe it's
the majority did changi remember the
poll the majority of Americans believe
there's no charges it was 75 percent but
I'm not sure if that was Republicans or
in general right mana Ford alone has 25
charges so now some of them
or might or might not be related to the
rush meddling in this election a lot of
them are related to what he did before
the election also on behalf of the
Russians but he was Donald Trump's
campaign manager during the election and
he has a ton of work that he's done with
the Russians in the past and let alone
the dozens of other indictments and
charges that have been brought so it is
not true that there are no charges there
are a ton of charges including 25 alone
on manna for I do want to apologize
though in the intro to that story I had
referred to him as the former campaign
chairman it turns out he was actually a
coffee boy for the campaign the
backpedaling on the history of Paul
Manafort has begun Donald Trump tweeted
this Wow what a tough sentence for Paul
Manafort who has represented Ronald
Reagan Bob Dole and many other top
political people in campaigns didn't
know manna fort was the head of the mob
although if he was you would probably
know if Donald Trump not what about
Comey and crooked Hillary and all the
others very unfair say oh he represented
Ronald Reagan and Bob Dole and others
know current politicians he was the
campaign chair for any of them he also
lied about how long or Trump lied about
how long he had been the campaign
manager which is such a week we know
when he started we know when he left
it's it's not confusing at all that
Trump is again lying about a specific
fact like why why would we be surprised
in a political organization I mean you
know the the culture is started from the
very top and we have president Trump
that lies and lies and lies and lies on
a daily basis you know it goes from the
top to the bottom of this organization
what I you know what I'm hoping is that
Muller's team is going to be able to get
him to flip on some key witnesses and
and if we get evidence you know solid
evidence against Donald Trump which very
well may end up happening and if I'm in
Congress I'm gonna be very happy to vote
for impeachment of Donald Trump and make
sure that he gets held accountable for
you know for the problems that he's
created throughout his entire
organization just confirm what Jill's
saying Trump has said that it was only
with my campaign for 49 days so the New
York Times at fact-checking and it was a
hundred and forty-four days now look he
could have just said a short period
I'm and then could argue over what's
short or not sure he just can't help
himself
he's pathological there's no indication
under any way of counting that mana fort
was with the campaign for only 49 days
let's just pick that number out of
nowhere they just decided to cut off
about a hundred days because he can't
help himself
well on top of that metaphor lived in
Trump Towers with Trump they would walk
up and down the hallways I think
according to Amana Ford's daughter so
that they would hang out all the time
and they've known each other for 30
years it's how do you create this
distance like yeah for take a couple
weeks if anything I don't even know his
last name that's crazy so to build on
that you say all right well maybe you
live in an apartment building with a guy
you don't do business with him what what
are you gonna do right okay but wait a
minute
he could have picked anyone as his
campaign chairman he has 330 million
people to choose from and if you include
some rushes even more okay it's and out
of all those Americans he decided I'll
take man afford the guy who's been known
to have ties whether they were illegal
or not is is new right although some
suspected but new but everybody knew
that he worked with the Russians and the
manna fort did and I'm out of all the
people in the country second out of all
the Republican strategist etc etc he
just happened to pick the one that had
all these incredibly deep ties to the
Russians yet another question is tying
him to the Russians well I'll tell you I
don't think he's gonna have any problem
counting the days anymore cuz you can
just count the yet chalk lines and also
wall I look I don't know in the end
after we have these two trials or after
Muller reveals of all the information
he's been gather I don't know if there's
gonna be any any connection anything
that Paul Manafort has done that is the
legal except in reference to Paul
Manafort it could just be that he was
trying to enrich himself and he was you
know he was lobbying where he shouldn't
and he was doing money laundering and
all that but if it turns out that that's
all it is I am 100 percent fine with
that it's so bizarre that in the context
of all these investigations that the
conservatives the Republican Party their
pundits who previously had loved to tout
how a law-and-order they were and you
know pro criminal justice like they
don't care at all about whether he broke
Tucker Carlson tweeted earlier today
they've locked up the 69 year-old Paul
Manafort the streets are safe again
like his age matters like well yeah you
can break any law you want if you're
collecting Social Security it's totally
cool then what is that even supposed to
mean he's tampering with witnesses
you've seen the evidence it's obvious
and they don't care and of course it's
not just the pundits it's also Donald
Trump who has asked about this while he
was wandering around the White House
lawn earlier today then he said I feel
badly about a lot of it because I think
a lot of it is very unfair manna Ford
has nothing to do with our campaign but
I tell ya
I feel a little badly about it Jesus he
was your campaign chairman I'm pretty
sure he has everything do with it your
campaign and but I'll double down on
what John said if it turns out
investigators look into a nigga look no
this is about the former leader of
Ukraine that he had a crooked deal with
in this group in Europe that he called a
hot hops per group and those are the
guys he was trying to witness tamper
with but it really had nothing to do
with Trump and Trump didn't do it it was
it was man afford great then get man
afford and then Trump ston guilty of
that we actually care about justice we
actually care about the facts and truth
in reality if you said to me you can get
Trump but lately you have to make up
facts that man affords connected to him
I'd say no don't do that right it's not
the American Way
but the other side seems to think of it
as in terms of tribalism if they're on
my side I don't care about the rule of
law at all if they're on your side I
want to lock them up no matter what no
matter what he did it they didn't do it
and and finally look don't reason why
man afford actually going physically to
prison today is a big deal is he's lived
a very lavish lifestyle for a long time
with the money that he got from the
Russians etc which it turns out 25
counts indicate that may be ill-gotten
gains and he's used to that lifestyle
now he's wearing an orange jumpsuit he's
not used to that lifestyle so that's why
they think well - the pardon issue which
is gigantic obviously this might make
him uncomfortable enough to flip if he
has anything on Trump - easy ways for
the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when
you do that on YouTube you are notified
of our videos
you
