young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio recently Paul Ryan speaker Paul
Ryan was asked whether or not he is
supportive of Donald Trump's
zero-tolerance policy in regard to
immigration and that policy means
prosecuting anyone who attempts to cross
the border and taking their children
away as the the parents face prosecution
well Ryan says that he disagrees with
this policy but he blames it on
something other than the Trump
administration take a look no I'm not
this is because of a court ruling and so
this I do think ought to be addressed we
believe it should be addressed in
immigration legislation so what's
happening at the border and the
separation of parents and their children
is because of a court ruling that's why
I think legislation is necessary the
last thing we want to do is have some
kind of an exercise in futility where we
have like a discharge petition that
brings something that will never make it
into law so we're bringing legislation
that's been carefully crafted and
negotiated to the floor
we won't guarantee passage I don't know
the answer I remember when I took this
job three years ago I said we'll bring
stuff to the floor that may or may not
pass that's that's that's how Congress
works sometimes
okay so he blamed a court ruling for
what's happening the only court ruling
that's taken place so far in regard to
Trump's policy was a federal judge's
ruling from San Diego that indicated an
ACLU lawsuit against this policy can
move forward because there are
constitutional violations that is the
only time a court has weighed in on this
particular case now there was also some
fact-checking done so I want to share
that with you let's go to graphic 44 the
Trump administration's zero-tolerance
policy is responsible for spurring
family separations court rulings do not
man
that course until the policy was
announced in April such families were
usually referred for civil deportation
proceedings not requiring separate
separation also Court rulings establish
the right of migrant children to be
released from custody they do not
establish that right for parents so the
discrepancy can be used to keep adults
behind bars while their children are not
so it's not a court ruling
III gave you the context or the examples
of when the courts have weighed in on
similar issues they're lying they don't
want to take responsibility for
something that they have done and the
fact that Paul Ryan you know that
spineless won't stand up to trump and
then has the audacity to blame the
courts for what's happening right now is
just disgusting so believe it or not it
gets a little worse or maybe a lot worse
so he talked about legislation well that
sounds good hey we want to fix this he
says he's against taking the children
away from the parents that sounds good
and then later you went on talking about
the dreamers and how he wanted to pass
legislation about the dreamers that also
sounds good and and a lot of the press
give Paul Ryan a lot of credit because
he can speak English unlike the
president so it's easy to call out
Trump's blatant over-the-top lies now
credit to the Associated Press that did
a good fact check on on Paul Ryan here
but let me go further so there's another
court ruling called Flores from 1997 and
Paul Ryan is partly pretending that that
is that what's causing the mess here
instead of Donald Trump's edict and
policy that's not true in fact what
Flores does is the opposite it sets
minimum requirements for how to treat
kids in this case well Paul Ryan put
into that legislation is to get rid of
the minimum requirement right he's such
a bad guy and then he comes out there
and pretends to be a good guy and he
says things like well we carefully
crafted this so how about the dreamer
won well if he actually wants to pass
legislation protecting the dreamers well
all the democrats would sign on it would
pass easily he's the Speaker of the
House he could introduce it well we
should be done with this by noon to
right no they put into the legislation
getting even tougher on immigrants so
all the Democrats are gonna vote no
because it's actually a Trojan horse to
actually be more vicious they're
unbelievable and the way that they're
gonna play this is they're gonna make it
seem as though the legislation the GOP
comes up with is gonna be wonderful and
it's going to help out the dreamers and
it's gonna protect immigrants when in
reality it's not Democrats are gonna
vote against it
because of what Republicans want to do
with the Florez settlement which again
it's go to graphic 49 it calls for the
legislation that Republicans are pushing
for it calls for clarification of the
Flores settlement a 1997 ruling that
establishes minimum standards for
detention of minors when they call for
clarification essentially what they want
to do is get rid of it and if you want
further proof of that the White House
has called for an end to the Flores
settlement as well as other laws and
rulings that prevent indefinite
detention of immigrants so it's a Trojan
horse to detain them indefinitely and he
could and you know what they're gonna
say when Democrats vote no because
what's actually in the legislation is
terrible you say we were trying to
protect the kids but the Democrats
wouldn't let us worst people on earth if
they were actually protecting the
dreamers and making sure they kept the
families together I'd love it we'd say
yeah that's fantastic and we we killed
the Democrats for not signing on to what
are you playing politics with these kids
lives right anybody who watches a show
we're not shy about hitting Democrats
and hitting them over and over and over
again right but in this case they're
right this the thing that Paul Ryan the
law that he's pushing for makes the
situation more draconian not less and
it's all a political trick so they can
say we try to fix it but the Democrats
voted no aren't we cute well it's the
job of the press the point out they are
not cute tell the people what the
reality is what the truth is those piece
of legislation are terrible and worse
for immigrants than even to current
standards two easy ways fall young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and
ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
