young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio the Inspector General of the DOJ
has just released a 500 page document
pertaining to an investigation they did
into James commis handling of Hillary
Clinton the Hillary Clinton
investigation back in 2016 and so the
whole point of this investigation was to
figure out whether or not there was a
political bias that played a role in
commis decision-making and also to look
into FBI people working in the FBI who
might have done something against Donald
Trump because of their political beliefs
about Donald Trump there were a lot of
other issues that were focused on but I
want to highlight the relevant parts
that we know about so far
now first they had an issue with the
fact that Bill Clinton met with the
former attorney general Loretta Lynch on
the tarmac while this investigation was
taking place they thought that that was
problematic however the investigation
overall had no political bias that was
what this investigation found also they
had an issue with commis decision to
publicly announce the reopening of the
investigation into Hillary Clinton
because there was new information or new
evidence the reason why they had a
problem with him publicly announcing it
is because he was actually supposed to
go to the Department of Justice and both
before announcing it publicly and he did
not do that but again this report found
that he had no political bias in his
decision-making so let's hear from
Michael Horowitz here is a statement
from this investigation while we did not
find that these decisions were the
result of political bias on commis part
we nevertheless concluded that by
departing so clearly and
matically from FBI and department norms
the decisions negatively impacted the
perception of the FBI and the department
as fair administrators of justice I want
to be super clear here they're not
saying that Comey did not have a
political bias against Trump frizzle
they're saying that he didn't have a
political bias at all
okay but this is about whether he had a
political bias against Hillary Clinton
right because he he did things that hurt
Hillary Clinton that he should not have
done it's not the job of the the head of
the FBI to decide whether you're gonna
prosecute or not it's their job to
collect the information and hand it to
the Attorney General and it's that not
their job right before an election to
say I reopen an investigation and those
are the things the Inspector General
said you did wrong those were if
anything bias against Hillary Clinton
not against Donald Trump you'll get
confused because Republicans purposely
muck up the issue by going I you see
that Comey did things he shouldn't have
done it makes it sound like it's against
Trump know was against Hillary Clinton
you know it's kind of incredible though
because Comey found himself in a
situation where he essentially the FBI
had to investigate both candidates and
not necessarily both candidates with
Hillary Clinton yes you're investigating
her use of a private email server and
possible classified information in that
server right or or through that private
email but with Donald Trump there was
also an investigation not into him
specifically but into possible Russian
interference in his campaign because
members of his campaign were openly
talking about how they were
communicating with Russians so it was
interesting that the FBI did not make
that public they did make that
information public but in the case of
Hillary Clinton and and in the case of
reopening the investigation that was
made very public so at this point guys
like Jeff Sessions the Attorney General
comes on ghosts you see we were right to
fire Comey because of all the terrible
things he did to Hillary Clinton come on
who believes that you're a trump
supporter you think that Trump and fire
James Comey because
was too unfair to Hillary Clinton yeah
they'll believe anything I mean you you
were chanting lock her up
hey but now they're saying Comey was too
tough on Hillary Clinton and session
says see the Inspector General report
shows it and that's why we fired him you
have another problem which is a Donald
Trump on national television said he
didn't fire him for that that he fired
him because of the Russia investigation
oops
then just recently one of his lawyers
told him hey idiot of idiots
you never should have said that you
basically admitted obstruction of
justice in national TV he's like no
problem I got this I'll deny it
I'll strongly deny it so he puts out a
tweet saying oh no no I fired him
because he was he was bad to Hillary
Clinton
haha stris who in their right mind would
believe that
so another portion of this report that I
wanted to read to you and and just
really emphasize it Michael Horowitz
writes we did not find documentary or
testimonial evidence that improper
considerations including political bias
directly affected the specific
investigative actions we reviewed so
again this is in response to commis
decision to reopen the investigation
into Hillary Clinton this is not about
the investigation into Trump and Russian
meddling so a couple more things first
let me just be clear I think the
inspector Channel I did a great job here
there's a good reason to have Inspector
General's of all these apartments
especially the FBI to make sure that
they're doing the right thing so I agree
with their reports that Comey was wrong
in in how he handled the Hillary Clinton
situation I agree with them that Loretta
Lynch was wrong in meeting Bill Clinton
privately in the middle of investigating
Hillary Clinton yeah I mean if knowing
private in that that there was no one
else in the plane right but it became
very public obviously you know they have
this claim lynchin and bill couldn't do
that
o our planes happen to be right next to
each other ecology what could we do even
if you believe that say hey mr.
president let's meet on the tarmac with
a lot of other people around it's not a
good idea to go into private when I'm
investigating your wife that's a really
bad idea okay so
inspector general is right to call out
Loretta Lynch for that Bill Clinton for
that see they're doing their job they're
upholding the law on the substance of
the Clinton email server she never
should have done that as well
I said it from day one I've said it all
the way through but by the way Ivanka
Trump Donald Trump jr. used private
emails when they were in the trunk White
House Trump refuses to listen to
security officials on which phone he
should use can he because he thinks it's
too confusing to get a new phone
so his line might be unsecured as he
tweets and as he talks and now a new
report just came out that James Comey
might have been using private email
accounts while doing official FBI
business so why don't we lock them all
up because we're gonna make a federal
case about Hillary which I think maybe
we should yeah that does make a federal
case about all of them so so just real
quickly that was also addressed commis
use of a private email server and it
appears based on this investigation that
they did not find any classified
information in those emails so I just
want to be clear about that okay and
then finally you got stork and page so
these are two people in the FBI they
don't like Trump but if you read all
their text they also don't like Hillary
Clinton they also don't like Bernie
Sanders well they definitely don't like
Trump no question about it nobody's
hiding the ball there the Inspector
General recognizes that did they
influence the investigation no in fact
as soon as the Inspector General a long
time ago found out any text that they
were sending to each other that seemed
to say they didn't want Trump to win the
election and they didn't okay
Muller immediately removed stork from
the investigation and Paige has already
left the FBI so he did the exact right
thing immediately so and and the
Inspector General says it has not
affected the investigation so now
Republicans they look at and go AHA
how what how what they somehow use this
to their advantage and it will at least
work with their base but whether or not
it'll actually harm
Muller's investigation I'm not sure I
don't know look it nothing really
matters because for the Magra guys
they'll go oh a new Comey was wrong and
relating their Dear Leader our new Comey
was wrong Specter general says he was
wrong
he was wrong against Hillary whatever
okay
but the only thing that matters is if
Muller if Muller has significant law
breaking on Donald Trump will
Republicans impeach or will they not
impeach you know that's the only thing
that matters because the rest of it is
the Magra guys are gonna stay what
they're gonna say they're there you know
and Democrats are gonna say what they're
gonna say and all of us that I think are
in the reasonable people will look at
and go well that's true against the
Clintons this is true against Trump etc
but at the end of the day the only thing
that matters is you see an office or is
he not
if they find significant law breaking
will the Republicans act so will they
look at this and go oh well the
Department of Justice's Specter general
said this or will they look at him and
go Mark Sanford just lost his primary
exactly what I was gonna bring up
they're not gonna impeach him look they
are going to look out for their best
interests and right now going after
Trump at least in some parts of the
country as a Republican is political
suicide
it is so that Mark Sanford election was
the worst thing that could happen in the
country Mark Sanford is a deeply
conservative
yeah they covered it on the show
yesterday he's got a hundred percent
rating from the Club for Growth which is
the top conservative group okay by the
way the growth is in rich people's
pockets okay that's what it refers to
anyway
mark Sanford deeply deeply conservative
but just lightly criticized Trump a
couple of times gone his affairs when he
was governor and his lying in his using
of taxpayer money to go as sleep with
his mistress they didn't care about that
in South Carolina totally fine right you
dared to criticize Trump a couple of
times gone an incumbent lost the seat
that sent a chill across all Republicans
so the Inspector General could say
whatever he wants at the end of the day
all they're gonna think is remember
remember Sanford two easy ways for the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
