the DNC has decided to adopt a ban on
fossil fuel company donations this is
good news this is a yet another example
of real progressives pushing the party
to the left which is exactly what we
want but of course there's more work to
be done in that regard now keep in mind
that when it comes to donations by the
fossil fuel industry
the vast majority overwhelmingly goes
toward Republicans about 90% of oil
companies donate two or all company
donations go to Republican candidates
whereas a hundred percent of coal
donations tend to go to Republican
candidates so it's not as if the
Republican Party is losing a lot by
rejecting donations
I'm sorry Democrats are it's not as if
Democrats are losing a lot by rejecting
fossil fuel money however it does show
that they're taking a stand and we have
to keep pushing them to do the right
thing now this was proposed by Christine
Pelosi she's a party activist and she's
also Nancy Pelosi's daughter and it
looks as though they are considering
rejecting other corporate money in the
future but that will only happen if we
keep fighting and continue to push them
to do the right thing and you know Ana
so right this really is the result of
the progressive left actually mounting a
reasonable campaign for contributions
that don't come from corporations plus
don't forget they see Bernie Sanders in
the rearview mirror and they saw the
great success that he had so and then
lastly I would add to that the other
thing ana said which is the democrats
get a little over 7 million bucks from
this whole crew anyway so they don't see
this as something that they that really
have to cry over parting with it's still
a very important may be largely symbolic
but very important sign yeah it is and
by the way I wanted to just quickly
correct myself the coal industry did not
give a hundred percent to Republicans in
it was more like 97 percent I just want
to be completely accurate with you guys
and yeah oil and gas companies spent a
record 7.6 million on the democratic
in 2016 it might be a record number but
it pales in comparison to what they have
given to Republicans in fact during that
same election cycle they had given
Republicans fifty three point seven
million dollars in direct donations so
that is that's quite a bit of money yeah
in essence the Republicans are getting
close to 90 percent of their money
oil and gas is money and coal money and
the Democrats are getting a little less
than ten percent at most so you end up
again it's real money it's millions of
dollars but it's not it's not as though
they're parting with something that
represented a huge campaign war chest at
the end of it all and I want to be clear
this wouldn't have even happened if it
weren't for the the type of movement
spurred by Bernie Sanders and and true
progressives who want to reject
corporate PAC money who want to reject
the type of corruption that takes place
in our political system today and so
let's keep that momentum going because
good things are happening and they'll
only happen if this form of political
activism continues two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
