remember like it was yesterday being
sarcastic because the guard told me that
welcome to Vietnam and I said verbatim I
never signed up for the dress I remember
them taking me to unit one they beat me
so bad that I didn't even remember what
happened to where I was until 90 days
later breakfast is a nightmare my kisses
dangerous sadness fillet breakers is a
black hole Rikers is humbling lawless -
I hated it great eat that place
on any given day Rikers Island jail in
New York City can fines nearly 8,000
people conditions on the island are
brutal horrific worse than most prisons
where inmates serve long sentences after
a conviction but Rikers is a jail where
80% of the people locked up are awaiting
their day in court and have not been
convicted of a crime they are innocent
in the eyes of the law these are the
stories of the men women and family
members who endured and survived Rikers
Island you know everybody has a story
everybody has a walk that impacts their
thinking
going to Rikers Island going over that
bridge feels like one of the longest
bridges you know I ever took in my life
one across the bridge over here was that
the CEO was telling you
welcome to gladiator school welcome to
the rock so you know a mental image of
what to expect when you get there but
it's nothing like when you really get to
one in three detainees at Rikers is
there because they have been charged
with misdemeanors which are low-level
crimes but investigations into Rikers
Island recently have found many human
rights violations including unnecessary
and excessive force by corrections
officers sexual abuse and assault of
female detainees by male guards and
widespread violations of the civil
rights of teenagers 15 years old my
innocence was raw for me you know before
that I was this student that graduate
with the South Africa in first year
college he got the United Nations gift
of giving award and he's got all these
things going for him and now I'm here in
jail how did that happen and
I mean the diction's of the addictions
and things happen even though he was
charged with a crime my son was never a
criminal he never had a criminal record
at all but he learned how to understand
criminal mind and how to survive pretty
much in there what happens this light
silence you are subjected to getting
raped in your bathroom I had I had to
have survivor sex in the bathroom I
wasn't even scared I just I felt
hopeless hey I ain't know what to do
that's when I really realized like you
only own anomaly entry 1 & 2 at raucous
with stage 4 cancer when he got in there
but there wasn't able to give him the
medication he needed due to it being
very expensive so my phone calls what
painful because every day he was calling
crying he was in pain I went to visit my
son my son was bedbugs bitten all over
him he was deteriorating everyday in
jail and that as a month worst feeling
ever and as I think about it now I still
get angry still the number one story
that really bothers me is them walking
around while we're going to the bathroom
knowing that we're going to the bathroom
and kind of standing there staring in
the window at you and it wasn't just me
that they did that to they did it taught
a lot of us essentially he could do
whatever he wanted to you and he could
make you feel less than a woman
basically you definitely felt sexually
exploited
in 2015 New York City found that 1500
men and women on Rikers had waited more
than a year for their trial that's over
700 days of violence over 700 days of
Dreams deferred over 700 days for
innocence to be lost many feel trapped
and so they plead guilty before ever
having their day in court
my son ended up staying in Rikers Island
for six years waiting for trial he
thought that he was gonna die there
I knew that taking a plea wasn't gonna
be my key to freedom but I knew it was
my key out of Riker's Island which was
the only freedom that mattered to me at
that point I said I don't care just get
me out of here I'll cop out to anything
just to go until we deal with the trauma
trauma is real I don't care what nobody
said traumas real any little gain of pop
back in your head and take you back to
that one place that you hated the most
not only they took my child but they
took my faith in this system and my son
is dead and I didn't get my last years
put down so I have my days but I keep
moving this is the new me
ten years of waiting the close Rikers
means 10 years or more dreams deferred I
have seen how Rikers Island has
destroyed communities I've seen how
people come back to the Bronx to come
back to communities all across the city
and they're different and they are
changed and they they are fearful then
they're hesitant to go and walk down the
block and they they look at that parole
officers and the regular cops in that
community in a different way how do we
allow this to continue
