young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with the in
a Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio following
Donald Trump's meeting with North Korean
dictator Kim Jong hoon he is now
essentially reassuring Americans that
there is nothing to worry about that in
fact the United States no longer faces a
nuclear threat from North Korea so he
made these statements through a series
of tweets as he usually does and I want
to read those tweets to you and then
give you you know a little more
follow-up information on this summit so
Trump had tweeted quote just landed a
long trip but everybody can now feel
much safer than the day I took office
there is no longer a nuclear threat from
North Korea meeting with Kim jong-un was
an interesting and very positive
experience
north Korea has great potential for the
future now my positive tweet from him it
was pretty negative usually it was a
positive tweet now before we delve into
the nuances of our commentary and what
we think about all this I just want to
preface this entire conversation for
anyone who isn't clear that we are in
favor of diplomacy we are in flavor in
favor of in flavor we are in flavour of
diplomacy we are in favor this is a
thousand times better than the way Trump
handled the North Korea situation months
ago when he was insulting Kim Jong moon
when he was mentioning the possibility
of nuclear war when he was talking about
the size of his nuclear button in
relation to Kim's nuclear button this is
a much better path with that said to
make a statement in regard to North
Korea no longer being a nuclear threat
is is irresponsible and it honestly not
right it's just not right because North
Korea has done nothing yet nothing has
been done yet
okay so North Korea as it stands is
still a nuclear threat however the
tensions have lessened thankfully
because Trump too
sited to take the this diplomatic route
so again overall this is good news but
let's not lose sight of what the reality
of the situation is yeah the the tension
came down from where he raised it to
earlier this year exactly so he
escalated tensions and since he had set
expectations so low for everyone
now he's expecting to get a cookie
because he's managed to de-escalate the
situation a little bit yeah yeah well
and also remember in addition to the
fire and fury tweets and that the sort
of social media provocation of North
Korea last year we also had reports from
inside of the White House that they were
considering a bloody nose strike which
means beginning a war with North Korea
and also bear in mind he recently
brought on to his crew John Bolton a guy
who desperately desperately wants to
bomb North Korea that's right at that
meeting actually at the summit so again
overall this is good news but his
statement makes me reminiscent of
something that george w bush said during
his tenure this is a video from back in
May of 2003 this was only a couple
months after we had evaded invaded Iraq
and he thought it was a good idea to
give this mission accomplished speech
which he got a lot of criticism
criticism for by a lot of people on the
left at the time and then later by a lot
of people in general take a look thank
you all very much Admiral Kelly Captain
card officers and sailors of the USS
Abraham Lincoln my fellow Americans
major combat operations in Iraq have
ended in the Battle of Iraq the United
States and our allies have prevailed
so in May of 2003 george w bush made it
seem as though the mission in iraq was a
mission accomplished well things went
pretty smoothly after that yeah
everything was great after that there
was a you know this Democratic uprising
in Iraq and you know we were able to
bring all of our troops back and of
course that's not how it worked out look
at the point that I'm trying to make
here is again the diplomacy is fantastic
however there's a lot of hard work that
lies ahead and I don't want people to
become complacent and just not their
heads and be like yeah that's it trump
signed some deal that's incredibly vague
and and look to trump's credit they are
planning on follow-up meetings to kind
of hash out the details of this
negotiation and that's great but let's
not get complacent because again there's
a lot of hard work that lies ahead and
the agreement that was signed was not as
detailed as agreements that were signed
with North Korea previously and they
reneged on those agreements so we'll see
how this uh you know develops moving
forward yeah exactly and look when he
comes back and one of the first things
he says is they are no longer a nuclear
threat we've got this whole thing it's
all wrapped up you then have to ask
yourself does this seem like the actions
of a man who cares about the substance
of denuclearization or do they seem like
the actions of a person who wants to be
perceived to have had a win mm-hmm seems
like the former the the latter I should
say and bear in mind this is a guy who's
lied to us more times than anyone can
possibly count about things ranging from
the most shallow to the most substantive
most recently he had been lying about
them protecting people with pre-existing
conditions so anyone who is saying at
this point that our obligation as
members of the media is to stand up and
begin applauding with our eyes closed
that anything the government happens to
say to us this week doesn't understand
what the purpose of a free and
independent media is well I think the
response to this agreement that was
signed by by Kim jong-un and Trump has
been it's either good or bad you're not
allowed to talk about how much you
support diplomacy but also
simultaneously criticize the vagueness
of that agreement because if you do that
in in this weird topsy-turvy no nuance
allowed world you're against it you're
against diplomacy you want to new
North Korea you want to engage in
nuclear war first that's not the case
yeah I mean look of the people who were
uniformly just in favor of that you have
the state media Fox News you have that
so if you want people who are just gonna
be a course of applause for Trump you
have that I actually don't know if
there's anyone who represents the sort
of straw man this person secretly really
wants war with North Korea except
possibly John Bolton and people like him
other people that are surrounding Donald
Trump everyone else is attempting to be
realistic and actually look at the
content of the agreement and then think
about the possibilities that going
forward what is actually likely to
happen and by the way it's easy to sort
of to look at what's on MSNBC and Fox
News or you know to maybe do a brief
browse of Twitter and get sort of a
false idea of what the American people
actually think about this I've looked at
the polls and slightly more than 50
percent approve of the ways handling the
situation with North Korea which is good
that is good and this is certainly a
better way than it was last year when he
was launching Twitter threats them and
25 percent of the country believes that
this will actually lead to
denuclearization which means that a
significant number of Republicans don't
even believe that that will happen and
those people deserve representation and
media as well
by the way almost every single one of
those people doesn't want to see any
kind of conflict with North Korea they
just also don't believe that Donald
Trump is being realistic or honest about
what's likely to happen right and and I
don't I think having Trump be realistic
about the situation is important but I
want him to approach this with
skepticism and openness if you get what
I mean I don't want him to be hostile
toward the North Koreans and Kim jong-un
because you're not gonna get a deal if
you approach it from that perspective
but his commentary in in regard to Kim
Jong moon has come off as incredibly
naive I trust him I trust him you know
but that's not good enough you need to
be a good negotiator and ensure that
there are specifics in the finalized
agreement you need to have a timetable
we need to define what denuclearization
means in the context of North Korea
because denuclearization in the context
of North Korea might be completely
different from let's say the nuclear
deal with Iran because we don't have all
the information
necessary to understand the situation
with North Korea remember they've been
isolated yeah so our intelligence with
North Korea has been limited so these
are all complicated issues and as I
mentioned you need to focus on the hard
work ahead rather than congratulating
yourself and making it seem as though
North Korea doesn't pose a threat
anymore finally one thing that I came
across that I thought was fascinating
because it gives you it was
foreshadowing for me at least it gives
you a sense of some of the potential
disagreements moving forward between the
United States and North Korea so of
course the state-sponsored media in
North Korea responded to this agreement
and here's something that I found Kim's
vows to denuclearize were reported by
state media Wednesday within that
context that Pyongyang would respond to
easing of what it sees as the u.s.
hostile policy against it with
commensurate but gradual moves toward
the complete denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula so a it's really good
that they're really seriously
considering denuclearization that that's
what that report tells me but more
importantly who's gonna act first it
seems as though as it stands now North
Korea is expecting the United States to
act first right stop with the war games
you start lifting some of those
sanctions and then we'll start
denuclearize no I don't think that the
u.s. is gonna be in favor of that well
we did end that military exercises I
guess without even talking to South
Korea or our military about it I guess
we did act first right well here's the
thing we haven't actually put action
behind Trump's words from from my
understanding South Korea will continue
with these military exercises until they
get specific orders from the Trump
administration to stop right but Trump
just said it and so South Korea's
response to that has been interesting
because they said we're gonna continue
until we get direct orders but more
importantly they've been very hesitant
to criticize Trump for that because they
know that sometimes Trump says things
without putting action behind it
so who knows comes up with something
that does actually pursue it exactly
yeah yeah and one other thing I want to
I know there was a lot of talk about the
way that Donald Trump spoke about the
leadership of North Korea seemed kind of
tone deaf and deaf in regard to their
human rights abuses in the past and look
I will say that going into this first
meeting I understand why Donald Trump is
not going to sit down and then scream it
and why are you starving hundreds of
thousands if not millions of your people
why do you have death camps and
concentration camps why are you doing
summary executions based on religion and
politics and all of that the first
meeting you're not gonna do that I
understand that you you that would cut
off the entire process but the idea that
you would proceed in the future without
making it a part of it then at some
point in addition to the other things
that we expect to get including
generically denuclearization and the
things that we will give one thing that
we should expect to get ya is human
rights improvements for the people of
North Korea I am not only interested in
North Korea no longer threatening
constantly to kill the people living in
Seoul I also care about the millions of
people living in North Korea in
literally the worst conditions on earth
I hear about those people as well yeah
and so that has to be a part of this
process that is a core progressive value
that can't be jettisoned just for for
ease of negotiations so I hear what
you're saying and overall I agree with
you yesterday when we did coverage of
the summit there were two main
criticisms from some audience members
right I think one of the criticisms was
incredibly unfair because it assumed
that we're in favor of nuking North
Korea because we criticize how vague
that deal was that's that was unfair but
what was fair was how naive I am in
thinking that someone who commits human
rights abuses himself would really
genuinely care about the human rights
abuses in North Korea I mean think about
the brutality that people seeking asylum
are facing under the Trump
administration he does look obviously
this is my speculation that's based on
you know some of his own policies but I
don't think that those human rights
abuses are really his priority you know
no and but and I I've interviewed people
who have escaped from North Korea like
I've heard about their experiences maybe
Donald Trump has a typical compassion
empathy that hasn't been reflected in
the rest of his life but I think it's
more likely they just wants to win so
best once a win so best-case scenario he
happens to stumble into actual peace as
a result of wanting good PR that is what
we should be hoping for for the best
interest of the people of North and
South Korea two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
