young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with the in a Turner talking about
equality and justice and seeing that
through the eyes of regular Americans
who are affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio new reports indicate that Saudi
forces specifically targeted a Doctors
Without Borders facility in Yemen and
that particular facility was meant to
treat a cholera outbreak in the country
that has only been exacerbated in recent
months millions of people are at risk of
cholera and as you know Yemen has also
been dealing with famine as a result of
this war
now Doctors Without Borders says that
the newly constructed treatment center
had clear markings on the roof
identifying it as a health care building
and that staff had shared its
coordinates with the Saudi and United
Arab Emirates led coalition now
understand that the United States is
very much involved in this war it's
involved in this war through funding the
Saudi efforts against the rebels in
Yemen and you know the one piece of good
news from this story is that luckily no
one died and no one was injured from
this particular strike because no one
was in the facility yet they hadn't
begun bringing in patients yet in August
of last year though a saudi-led
coalition airstrike hit an MSF that's
Doctors Without Borders Hospital in
which 19 people were killed and 24 were
injured also just to give you an idea of
how supportive the United States has
been in these efforts the US has
provided targeting information equipment
and aircraft refueling to the Saudi air
campaign which has been widely
criticized for being indiscriminate and
killing civilians in places like
hospitals funerals and homes and there
have been thousands of civilians killed
yet Yemeni civilians killed and a huge
portion of them are children yeah yeah
and the thing is like it's great
obviously that
staff were killed in this particular
accidental bombing and that no you know
no patients had been moved in yet
however that does not mean that no one
will die as a result of this this is a
country that desperately needs cholera
treatment clinics exactly like that one
and so the people who will no longer be
able to go there for help with this
disease which is by the way already
killed thousands of people in Yemen and
is expected to kill far more in the
future they will now have to go without
treatment and we know that for a
significant number of them it will
result in death it's crazy how how many
proxy wars are being fought throughout
the world so of course we have that
complicated situation with Syria but
similar forces are playing a role in
what's going on in Yemen right now so
the Houthi rebels basically drove the
president of Yemen out and that
president is supported by Saudi Arabia
and so Saudi Arabia gets involved in
this war against the Houthi rebels in
order to bring that president back into
power who the rebels are funded and
supported by Iran so it's a complicated
situation you have the United States
involved and backing the saudi efforts
there and under the Obama administration
things were not great but Obama did
something at the very end of his last
term that was good and then Trump
basically reversed it so I do want to
talk about that a little bit Trump
administration is weighing an appeal
from the UAE for direct us support to
seize Yemen's main port for humanitarian
aid from Iranian backed Houthi fighters
so Saudi Arabia is arguing and the UAE
is arguing hey if we want to really
finish this job we need to take control
of that port that you that's used for
humanitarian efforts by the way and
really you know do a final strike to get
a final operation I should say to get
rid of these rebels which by the way
some of these rebels include Isis
fighters some of them include al Qaeda
so I'm not trying to make it seem as
though the rebels are completely
innocent
however there are a lot of civilians
that are dying as a result of
involvement in Saudi involvement now US
lawmakers are looking for ways to cut
off the sale of precision guided
missiles used by Saudi Arabia and the
UAE in Yemen Obama actually halted the
sale of such smart bombs to Saudi Arabia
in 2016 but the new administration
lifted the ban soon after Donald Trump
took office nautically shocking
so look Obama's record on foreign policy
especially you know in that region of
the world has not been good when we
criticized him aggressively but if you
think that was bad and it was an
expansion of Bush era policies get a
load of what Trump is doing because he
further expanded these disastrous
policies yeah
yeah and not just in Yemen I mean if you
look at the civilian casualties in Syria
like look at the chart like almost
literally to the day that Donald Trump
came into office civilian casualties
skyrocketed things were bad before but
they were far far worse for the
additional thousands of civilians that
died as a result of Donald Trump being
elected in office by the way that
they're talking about US lawmakers
looking to clamp down a little bit we
talked on the damage before this morning
about that there had been an attempted
vote to put some new limitations there
and it didn't pass of course because our
Congress is awful one party better than
of the other on this but neither is
great the thing is we have obviously
decided that we are not going to use
whatever influence or leverage we have
to bring an end to this conflict we're
just not going to do that so at the very
least we should not be actually
assisting in the bombing of these
facilities whether it results in
civilian casualties or if it's bombing
medical buildings as this happened
multiple times at this point like we are
providing the information we're doing
the surveillance we have planes in the
air providing targeting information as
as Anna said we were selling the bombs
we're selling the planes like we are
intimately wrapped up in this and I
don't think it's an issue that Americans
like you know what we got to help Saudi
Arabia to bomb Yemen you know Mogga by
helping Saudi Arabia bomb Yemen nobody
actually wants this it's the thing that
for whatever reason we have decided that
we are just going to detach from we're
not going to talk about it as a country
as individuals we're not going to know
what's going on and so those who are
profiting from it or supported
ideologically in government they can do
whatever
what there are some politicians who are
doing the right thing Chris Murphy who I
believe is the Democratic congressman of
my former undergrad at UConn he has been
trying to draw attention to this Bernie
Sanders has I believe Tulsi Gabbard has
as well a few have but not nearly enough
to actually get the traction that we
need to pull out of this conflict yeah
absolutely and and again yes we are
intimately involved I think that one of
the main reasons is you know the the the
government's stance against Iran as we
know the the rebels are backed by Iran
so of course naturally we're gonna
support the Saudi efforts against these
rebels and and more importantly it
always goes back to money I mean we're
the ones selling the weapons and weapons
manufacturers got to make their money
that's one of the main reasons why we
get involved in these conflicts abroad
yeah and and you know sorry to bring
this point up again but again it's a
it's a good point who is who is the u.s.
to make arguments against human rights
violations in other countries when we
ourselves fund human rights violations
in other parts of the world we are
supporting what's happening in Yemen
right now children are dying as a result
of our assistance to Saudi Arabia and
it's really a moment where we need to
step back and consider you know where
our tax dollars are going and what kind
of brutality we support throughout the
world two easy ways follow young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
