young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio following the economic collapse in
2008 there was some effort by the Obama
administration and members of Congress
to regulate the big banks that were
giving out adjustable rate mortgages to
individuals who didn't really qualify
for those mortgages well fast-forward to
2018 and it turns out that non-bank
lenders who are not regulated the same
way big banks are through dodd-frank
are handing out mortgages to a ton of
people who do not qualify and many of
these mortgages are backed by US
taxpayers let me give you the details
there's a one non-bank lenders that was
a profiled by Bloomberg and they did a
really great job in profiling them it's
the American financial Network and one
of their employers a man named Angelo
Christian now Angelo Christian is a
heavy hitter within this non-bank
organization he is aggressive and he is
willing to work with anyone with almost
any credit score to get them a mortgage
so to give you an example there was a
man by the name of Taylor corrections
officer by the name of Joseph Taylor he
had just gone bankrupt because he had a
$25,000 credit card twenty five thousand
dollars in credit card debt that he
couldn't pay off and because of the
American Financial Network he was able
to secure a mortgage he just bought his
first home for $120,000 with zero down
from Christians company monthly debt
payments now eat up half of his
take-home pay which is not a good thing
the way that you get approved for a loan
is that they want to ensure that your
debt to income ratio is
in a good place right so you don't have
a lot of debt but you have decent income
but more importantly they want to make
sure that you get approved for a loan
where you're not spending more than 30
percent of your income on your mortgage
or your housing and in this case you
have an individual who has terrible
credit who has already gone bankrupt
getting approved for a loan and paying
half of his income on housing now many
of the customers for American Financial
Network have no savings poor credit or
low income sometimes all three some like
joseph taylor a corrections officer who
saw christians roadside billboard outing
zero down mortgages taylor had recently
filed for bankruptcy because of his
$25,000 in credit card debt
now again non-bank lenders are loosely
regulated compared to the JPMorgan
Chase's of the world and their bigger
players today than they were during the
last mortgage bubble they're making
almost half 50% half of new loans
compared with 19% in 2017 I'm sorry in
2007 so they're playing a larger role
because of the fact that they're not
dealing with the same regulations that
the big banks are 50% of these loans
come through these organizations this is
not good news
these are people who are one paycheck
away from not being able to pay their
mortgage right and and we have some
numbers on how many of them have already
defaulted on these loans for first-time
purchasers many non-bank lenders rely on
the government's affordable financing
backed by the Department of Veterans
Affairs and Department of Agriculture
and the Federal Housing Administration
these are loans again that are supposed
to be backed by the government and the
numbers indicate that right now the
amount of money that these homeowners
are spending on their insurance is not
enough for the government to come in and
save them should they begin defaulting
on these loans
look this is brewing okay this is
something that I've been seeing and and
I've been bringing up but every time I
do it people roll their eyes and talk
about how difficult it is to get
approved for a mortgage no it's not
there are these you know predators out
there who are willing to do anything and
everything it takes to make a buck and
that's what's happening with some of
these non-bank lenders know exactly what
you said you kind of started out saying
Angelo Christian will absolutely get you
in it because it makes him a lot of
money yep this makes him a lot of money
just this profile on him it makes him a
lot of money this is a very successful
business for him but also what you were
talking about paying more than 50
percent of your income the reason that
you can't even get into an apartment on
those terms is because it's not
sustainable you can't continue to do
that and last time this all blew up this
has happened before the insurance that
the government makes these these people
who are taking these loans that that
makes them take out just in case they
can't pay it back the insurance couldn't
cover couldn't cover it couldn't cover
it and so there are former government
employees who spoke to the Brookings
Institute which did an incredible study
on this and I highly recommend you guys
read it they spoke to you know these
researchers and said no no the numbers
don't add up a lot of these first-time
homeowners who secure these loans are
supposed to at least at least make a
down payment of 3.5% but in many cases
these non-bank lenders give them the
loan zero down that is crazy now let's
get into some more details on the story
that are incredibly relevant as before
lenders use lines of credit to fund the
loans which are packaged into securities
in this case Ginnie Mae bonds common in
mutual funds and Pensions does any of
this sound familiar to you guys does any
of it sound familiar it's the same dance
from before oh wait the same dance and
so look I I saw this story on Bloomberg
I think they did a decent job covering
it but I wanted to read the original
study by the Brookings Institute because
Bloomberg made a point to include
something about how this is different
this isn't as bad as what was happening
prior to the original or our first
financial collapse of related to the
housing market but then I look at the
the study by the Brookings Institute and
they're sounding the alarms and
actually saying that the same thing is
happening and I just thought it was it
was fascinating to compare the two
different perspectives and I don't I
don't know why Bloomberg would pretend
like this isn't causing a housing bubble
that could come crashing down very soon
yeah that seems to be at odds with the
facts yeah all the facts point to the
exact same situation and you know those
flimsy standards that were put in as
Anna says after the fall and oh wait
after the huge correction after these
people who put no money down on
mortgages and were given mortgages when
they didn't have the ability they didn't
even have to show proof of income to get
some of these loans approved after all
of that there were certain safeguards
put in place as I say they were flimsy I
mean they weren't didn't even get all
the safeguards they wanted why because
of Wall Street lobbying and banking
lobbying but in any case all of those
now many of them have been rolled back
so you don't even even have those flimsy
standards anymore so if ever and now
with this influx now of these same kinds
of loans if ever there's a situation
which was ripe for failure it's this one
and guess who's gonna have to bail out
these huge institutions again just like
the last time you and me that's right we
have again socialized our corporate
profits they're allowed to make the
money we don't share their profits
during this boom time but when they go
down you're gonna hear too big to fail
the American taxpayer has to step up and
we're gonna have to bail them out yes
okay so one thing that I really want to
make sure no one missed it just in case
because they don't spell it out for you
but this is what's going on as before
lenders use lines of credit to fund the
loans okay come back to me they use
lines of credit where do you think those
lines of credit come from they come from
the big banks the big banks are
essentially you know bypassing the
financial regulation through these
non-bank lenders in order to do the same
thing to give out these loans to people
who don't qualify where do you think the
money comes from it doesn't come from
some rinky-dink company that just
started the money comes from the big
banks they're bypassing the regulation
which was too weak to begin with right
it was weak regulation if it wasn't weak
then they wouldn't be able to bypass the
regulation and do what they had
previously done through these non
non-bank lenders okay
so just making that clear so how many
people have already defaulted on these
loans a recent FHA loans are souring
faster than those made years ago when
the industry had stricter credit
standards so about 9% are 30 days or
more past due as we stand today now at
the height of the financial collapse
about 14% were defaulting on these loans
and so this does not look good and again
for anyone paying attention all of these
like rosy stories about the economy are
just terrible because it's very surface
and superficial it doesn't really get
deep into what's really happening you
know why is the housing market the way
it is how are these numbers so inflated
when American wages are stagnant how is
this all happening you dig a little
deeper and you find out that the same BS
is taking place again yeah it's a this
is again the same dance we're in a
different way that these financial
institutions where you're getting into
trouble you could say well they they
shored up one place but they've let a
leak spring in another place but that's
not the case as Anna says it's exactly
the same deal and I'm so glad you
brought up the way that these
institutions get around even the flimsy
restrictions they pour the money as
loans into these I want to come
fly-by-night but these independent loan
providers like this guy profiled in that
piece exactly it's so I mean it's a
bonfire that's building and eventually
it's going to it's going to consume the
real estate industry again and the rest
of the economy
two easy ways fall young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
