and now the charity of the week North
Carolina basketball coach Roy Williams
wanted to raise money for relief efforts
surrounding Hurricane Florence which
ravaged the Carolinas a few weeks back
so he wanted to have a charity game
against the team from South Carolina
when you see the seeds people stuff out
on the street you want to do something
and we had what I thought was some of
the few good ideas I've ever had it was
a good idea Roy but the NCAA rejected
the idea on a scheduling technicality so
it won't happen but you can still make a
difference by going to Red Cross comm
which lets you dedicate your donations
to specific relief efforts such as
hurricane Florence relief go for it if
you want you're still kind of nice for
just entertaining the idea though and
that's the charity of the week I'll be
super having dog story of the week okay
so there was a hurricanes bearing down
on the coast that's that's bad
and there was Hurricane Florence came
through the Carolinas here's a good
story to come out of it it really
negatively affected a lot of people in
the Carolinas and there was one dog
named Scioscia that didn't make it out
of Bergen North Carolina before the
hurricane hit and the owner was in
Wilmington but the Humane Society of
Missouri gets a lot of calls from people
saying like I don't know where my dog is
so they go on assignment to do missions
to go find dogs and they found this dog
right out the door
the dog made it out the dog is with not
the owner finally was reunited with the
dog but someone looked after it it's
totally fine it was there for a week
they say cats have nine lives I say nay
that dog does that dog absolutely has
nine lives I love the thing about dogs
we're like even when you hold it above
the water and you move it he still tries
it tries to sweat that's what happens
with me when I was a child and they put
me in the in the water and by my t-shirt
that's what would happen that's that's I
I said the same way did you like what
you just saw of course you did
at the very least you can't unsee it and
if you want to see more just click
Subscribe below and don't forget to
click the little bell and that way
you'll never miss another happy
half-hour video and then we can hang out
every day just you and me walking your
dogs and you don't have dogs we'll just
go buying dogs at least once a day so
you have all the dogs that's my end game
