young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio following Donald Trump's summit
with kim jeong-hoon in singapore iran
released a few statements about their
feelings on this summit and also warned
kim jeong-hoon about who donald trump
really is and how likely he is to pull
out of a deal that he has promised to
uphold so let's get to the statements
from the Iranian Foreign Ministry
spokesperson he says we are not
optimistic about these talks the United
States especially mr. Trump has
undermined international agreements and
has unilaterally withdrawn from them
which is actually true that is what
Trump did with the Iran nuclear deal he
avoided the advice or ignored the advice
of his own aides and and went forward
and decided to pull out of that deal now
Iran also responded with the following
we don't know what type of person the
North Korean leader is negotiating with
it's not clear that he would not cancel
the agreement before returning home this
man does not represent the American
people and they will surely distance
themselves from him at the next
elections I hope that's but there are
really no promises finally just to give
you an idea of Trump's record of pulling
out of deals as well as pulling out of
pulling the United States out of this
2015 nuclear deal with Iran Trump
disowned a joint communique issued by
the group of seven leaders that just
happened by the way and it happened
hours after he had left their summit to
meet with kim jeong-hoon
and of course we all know that he pulled
out of the Paris climate agreement that
was the first agreement that he pulled
out of in his presidency where are we in
life that someone is warning the North
Korean leader about the president of the
Unites
state right and I think it's much less
about warning kim jeong-hoon I don't
think that Iran really cares to warn him
I think what they're trying to do and I
think it's a smart tactic it is make a
statement about how Trump just signed an
agreement that has very few details it's
incredibly vague doesn't have a
timetable doesn't have verification but
pulled out of a very comprehensive
agreement and deal with Iran and I'll
get to the details of Iran's deal just
to remind everyone that there was
verification there was a timetable there
were international leaders who were able
to verify through regular checks that
Iran was holding up its part of the deal
but with Kim jong-un in North Korea that
is not the case at least where we stand
right now there is no timetable there is
no verification Iran's making a point
that America really can't be trusted
anymore with this guy at the helm and
they're probably right I mean we've said
that the very same thing he's given to
reckless decision-making that's not
based on anything more than a gut
feeling and no knowledge of facts that's
the reason he left the Iran deal is an
asset against the advice of his advisers
and so Iran is right but they're making
the point they're not counseling North
Korea obviously they're saying look
America is not to be trusted anymore in
a sense we're a more honorable nation
than America is now and remember not
only is Trump pulling out of these deals
that would essentially destroyed I mean
being doing what he's doing is
destroying the trust right the the trust
that other countries have toward the
United States who's to say that hey you
were gonna sign this deal with the US
and then a following presents gonna come
in and pull out that trust can be
destroyed within seconds which Trump is
proven but it's hard to really build
that trust and so he's isolating us from
our allies he's pulling out of deals
that we should be upholding just for the
for the main purpose of being
trustworthy in this international in
these international issues but more
importantly I think that that what we're
seeing with this agreement was North
Korea is it's just incredibly
hypocritical behavior
by Donald Trump in his leadership but
also by the very base that supports
Donald Trump because they were also the
individuals who wanted to pull out of
the Iran nuclear deal why because it
didn't do enough right we didn't rain in
the Iranians enough accept that deal was
much more comprehensive and much more
detailed Iran agreed to limit their
enrichment processing to three point
seven percent in addition Iran agreed to
cap their reserve of low enriched
uranium to 660 pounds for 15 years Iran
agreed to redesign the reactor to not
create plutonium at such a weapons-grade
remaining inoperable the reactors fuel
that could have potentially produced a
bomb would be transported out of Iran
not building additional reactors for 15
years these were the terms of the Iran
nuclear deal just some of the terms that
were verified they were verifiable that
was written into the agreement there's
none of that with this North Korea
agreement none no those who are backing
Trump right now will tell you well maybe
we'll get that stuff built in we know
that chances are and I say this because
his own advisors were actually
instrumental in scuttling the deal they
couldn't pull all the specifics together
for a deal maybe they'll pull specifics
together but what Anna's talking about
though specifically just ran through
those would be terrific to hammer out in
a deal like this there's just no history
of being able to work that out that's
right lo and Raich more from the Iran
nuclear deal which again we pulled out
of low-enriched uranium stock is to be
reduced by 98% limiting research and
development for 15 years
these measures are to remain in place
for 25 years you're curious I mean it's
huge and again it's very specific and
what concerns me is not just the fact
that this agreement was North Korea
lacks any details and is incredibly
vague what concerns me is that Trump is
a leaning alienating himself from his
own advisors who understand the nuances
and the complexities of the situation
with North Korea he is not interested in
any advice and I don't trust him enough
to make any
with North Korea I don't think he knows
what plutonium is I don't think he knows
what uranium is I mean these are
complicated issues that he doesn't have
experience in which is why he needs his
advisers but as you all know he has been
acting unilaterally for a while now he
feels emboldened to do that and he is
seeking counsel from his own personal
friends rather than the individuals who
surround him in the White House yeah
it's it is lunacy and that was a great
summary of where we are I think at the
end of this all Trump says look make a
deal with North Korea make it make it
make it and they make some kind of
cobble together deal that likely won't
be verifiable obviously we didn't expect
an agreement as we said or a deal a real
formal deal after that little photo-op
in the lunch but I don't see anything
more than a surface kind of agreement
cobbled together simply because Trump is
impatient and he wants the headlines
yeah and by the way at the time that the
nuclear deal was signed with Iran Obama
was quoted as saying the following the
nuclear deal is not built on trust it is
built on verification and what we have
heard from Trump in regard to North
Korea over and over again is I trust
them
III have you know a gut feeling I can
read them it's about attitude no no that
means nothing in the international you
know in international issues that means
absolutely nothing when dealing with
adversaries it means everything to have
verification and a process in which you
can prove that they're holding up their
side of the deal even the deal made with
Russia the old Soviet Union Reagan's
line was trust but verify so he was
ready to say look I trust them but
verification is also very important so
clearly verification is the key part of
any future deal I just as I say don't
know because Trump's in such a hurry to
get the headline to proclaim an
agreement to pick up his Nobel Peace
Prize I just don't know that there is a
chance on his part about making deals
that actually have verification at their
core two easy ways to follow Young Turks
one is hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
