all right we just found out about this
apparently the president's top economic
adviser Larry Kudlow has had a heart
attack he's at Walter Reed Medical
Hospital and Trump tweeted about it just
now even in the middle of a summit large
Kudlow replaced Gary Cohen who used to
be his top economic adviser Kudlow has
been on CNBC as an anchor for a long
time he recently came out and said that
Canada had stabbed us in the back and
that was over some mild comments that
Justin Trudeau had made about the
tariffs we imposed on them now look they
did a lot of talk about why it's
particular to Larry Kudlow he you know
there's no way of knowing why he had a
heart attack so but the I'm sure that
people speculate about the stress of
working at the White House I just did a
story for you guys yesterday where I
talked about how John Kelly the chief of
staff said it's quote a miserable place
to work
Kudlow used to be for free trade since
he's joined the Trump White House he's
been against free trade he's taken a lot
of criticism from the general public
he's also taken a lot of criticism from
his former friends on cable news other
conservatives that are still free trade
the distress of all of that have
something to do with it
who knows well remember everybody in the
White House is super stressed and and
everybody's got a different health
situation so I have criticized Larry
Kudlow a million times both as an anchor
and as part of the Trump administration
I think he's you know one of the more
conservative guys out there and
especially on economic issues etc but
this is not the time so I wish him well
I hope he's okay I hope he recovers and
and especially if you're a progressive
you should always wish well for
everybody wish well doesn't mean they
win elections wish well doesn't mean
that they have success in their goals
you fight them on their goals you fight
them on their politics but if it's a
personal issue you know obviously hope
that there are all right so
and I'm sure his family's devastated by
so we all hope that he's okay and and
hope to beat them on a political
battlefield on another day all right so
that's the news from tonight
