young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio you may have seen hashtag to
dictators trending on Twitter that had
to do with Fox & Friends weekend host
Abbey Huntsman who put her foot in her
mouth let's take a look at this clip as
we await this historic summit with the
North Korean dictator kim jeong-hoon
ban the knee talk to us about this
moment we are living regardless of what
happens in that meeting between the two
dictators what we are seeing right now
this is history
did you catch it she said the to
dictators that's not that's not
she did come back
following the break even though her her
co-host at the time Anthony scared she
did not seem to pick up what she put
down she picked it up and she apologized
let's take a look at this and I do want
to point out that earlier as you know on
live TV sometimes you don't always say
things perfectly I had called both
President Trump and Kim Jong on a
dictator I did not mean to say that my
mistake so I apologize for that
and she apologized again on Twitter she
said apologize on the show I'll never
claim to be a perfect human being we all
have slip-ups in life I have many smiley
face now let's all move on to things
that actually matter well clearly she
was savaged for it otherwise she
wouldn't have that response right well
you can't criticize Trump in any way or
refer to him as something that you know
might be interpreted as a criticism on
Fox News don't you you never spend our
dear leader I think I think it was a
slip of the tongue I don't think that
she intended to do that but it is kind
of funny because just last week another
woman who is part of Trump's
administration also had a little bit of
a slippy slip right yes yeah do we want
to take a look at that yes I do okay and
the problem with the President of the
United States and a commander of cheese
chief expressing that opinion yeah
I've seen that before but it really is
entertaining just because I wish we did
have a commander of cheese Oh commander
that position existed that would be my
dream job yeah I mean it's just can you
just imagine commander this is my this
is my cheese army tell them what to do I
ultimately I think this is my commander
of cheese in here and then they wear one
of those Green Bay Packer hats you know
the cheese head okay okay but I think I
think Abbey Huntsman did genuinely slip
I don't think she intent
yeah but with Kelly and Conway I don't
know look this is outrageous speculation
but remember Conway's husband has been
pretty openly critical of Trump on
Twitter and I feel like there's some
pillow talk going on where you know
Kellyanne Conway is a little more open
about how she really feels about Trump
maybe she does you know secretly refer
to him as commander of cheese and have
slipped on again or wild speculation I
like to believe that she lost a bet and
one of her friends like you have to slip
in I love Mandor of cheese but CNN you
can't do any wrong they'll still bring
you back fake news she didn't really say
that fake news soon as fake news but I
love how the host keeps a straight face
by the way but that takes Talent
I mean it probably was a slip I love the
idea that some kind of bar bet that's a
great take on it you know but look there
I think I think both of these are a slip
and by the way the first slip to be fair
he's a wannabe dictator he's not a
dictator yet Trump I'm talking about so
he acts like a dictator but he's not
quite there yet he's not quite there yet
but remember we spoke about this story
earlier in the show grace Trump is
increasingly alienating his advisers
he's not taking their advice he's making
decisions unilaterally and completely
ignoring them that is what it dictated
us a dictator does not want anyone to
question their their decisions their
their skills their ability Trump is also
very thin-skinned can't handle criticism
story we didn't get to today but I just
want to quickly mention it apparently
when he comes across memos or news
articles that he doesn't like about
himself he rips them up and they used to
have an aide come in and tape those
memos and articles back together because
they're supposed to keep them for
presidential records right um so there's
literally someone assigned to tape back
together those things that he tears up
because having the aide come in and tape
them back up is much easier than asking
him to not rip those memos and articles
up in the first place I mean and again
just to draw the distinction you're
dealing with a dictator in Kim who can
have somebody taken out and shot he
could shoot Muller for example as
opposed to just fire Mulder Trump can't
even fire Muller I mean I guess he could
but my point is he can't in the
dictatorial way so he's a wannabe
dictator yeah he wants that ability to
hey go rough up that guy from The
Washington Post you know I think and and
the oh and the war just because I
mentioned the or on journalists has
begun oh absolutely absolutely and
you're right of course it hasn't gotten
that bad yet but I think that if he had
his way I don't know if he would order
for you know people to be education yeah
I don't I mean I think that does go too
far I think but you know he has the
characteristics of someone who wants
unmitigated power two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
