thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt Melania Trump
has been speaking to the press now she's
been trying to remain out of the public
spotlight for the majority of trump's
term but recently she spoke to ABC News
about a number of different issues
including some of the allegations
regarding her husband cheating on her
we'll get to that in a minute but first
I want to share a video of Melania Trump
talking about why she decided to
champion the be best campaign what did
you see personally that you thought you
wanted to tackle this issue I could say
I'm the most bully person on in the
world you think you're the most bullied
person one of them if you really see
what people saying about me that's why I
you know might be best initiative is
focusing on social media so look I'm
sure people say negative things about
her and I have a policy like don't go
after her she didn't run for president
she's not the president and I hate
seeing people say really hideous things
about her now she's been criticized for
her choice of clothing and I think some
of that criticism is warranted
especially given the context in which
she's decided to wear some of those
articles of clothing like her I don't
care do you
jacket which I gave her a pass for but
then she wore like this weird Safari
outfit while she was visiting Africa or
African countries I should say anyway
whatever look you're not the most bully
person in the world you're just not
you're just not in fact I want to
provide evidence for why you're not the
most bully person or the most targeted
person in the world okay so as a result
of your husband's zero-tolerance policy
here are some of the people who are
bullied by our federal government
DFO Marty screaming sakaram missing Teac
Angus TL preocupa como que estaba con
una parte mei
Melo Leo tanto poor caralho Ãºnico que
tenia star completamente solo
no cicadas Pagar day me por que piensa
el que no bonneville Barossa para Jolie
okay no que ya todo esta bien
LM pessoa a tener pesadilla say
despertar medianoche miss Thomas Bigelow
a token en masse official well yeah yo
creo a veces que estoy yo is me siento
you re Iike me so avi so a lisara todo
lo que me me that is a mother and son
from Guatemala who came to the United
States seeking asylum they were
separated for two months straight as
part of the zero tolerance policy and
why did they implement that policy
simply as a deterrent to discourage
other people from trying to come to the
United States to seek asylum so it's
it's just please spare me your tears
about how you're the most bullied person
in the world it's pathetic
didn't she wear that I don't care jacket
when she was going to visit yeah the
kids were being detained I mean that was
so brazen it's not about hey I didn't
like the fit of your jacket who cares
right
no she literally had a message on the
back saying I don't care as she was
going to pretend to care Imelda Marcos
unfortunately like that cluelessness is
offensive to us do you know what I mean
like you can't wear a colonizers helmet
in or there's an insensitivity that I
think we're justified in critiquing her
on do you mean I'm not saying she's
about I do have sympathy for that woman
I do
mmm-hmm but I also I'm like my mind is
blown sometimes by the like lack of
decency sort of or just cluing into
humanity
exactly ability and just to you know
juxtapose the way that she's been
treated to the way that Michelle Obama
was treated you know there was a teacher
in Louisiana who got in trouble because
she shared an image of it was a
side-by-side image of that gorilla
harambe
and Michelle Obama and the caption said
they shot the wrong gorilla okay so did
the newscaster in Spanish you know for
ABC I really wish you guys would have
put the subtitles on Melania
because I couldn't understand what I
really should learn English if you are
the first lady of America you shouldn't
be speaking with such a heavy accent
this is a vodka but and that's what her
followers are going around their
followers going around saying to people
and insulting them and pulling them
aside I don't support the bullying of
Melania I don't like the cut of her
jacket in addition to the messaging
behind it I thought that she could do
better but you know what the thing that
that really you sleep or maybe don't
sleep next to the biggest bully on the
Internet and you said he didn't want you
to take that campaign because people
accuse him of being a bully which is a
guilty mind needs no accusing so I just
think it's so interesting that she wants
to play victim and she says that
sometimes she tells Donald to put the
phone down did you see that when she was
like I told him to put the phone down
you need to take that phone and throw it
in the trash with the McDonald's and all
the others no let him eat let him keep
eating the McDonald's why do you want to
oh no no I'm just saying I don't want to
get into his personal life about what he
likes to eat eat all the McDonald's
you'd like well I think she should turn
that fall and throw the phone away but I
just think that it's interesting that
she she puts the victim thing on herself
but he exercises that daily against
people who can't defend themselves
against him and not that's so
hypocritical of her not bad I think she
should be held accountable for whether
she ran for office or not she is
assuming a position of privilege
traveling the world you know oblivious
to the struggle that she's going to
visit and leave from and then wants to
come back and say hey why are you guys
holding me accountable for this you guys
are bullying me no no no no you don't
get to say that so a couple more things
here to be fair to her there is some
chance that she could be right I mean we
don't know what Donald Trump says to her
she lives with the biggest bully on the
planet so I don't know if she's
referring to other critics exclusively
or she might also be really
consciously supplementing what's really
going on in her life yeah so that
possibly it's possible right yeah that's
real that guy is a living bully
nightmare I don't see him being kind to
a lot of people yeah Ivana Trump had
written a book where she talked about
some of the more violent interactions
that she had with him and so I think
that it's actually a pretty good point
she probably does deal with some of
trumps bad behavior but look just to
Matt's point I think you're right I
think the the thing that's most
offensive about Melania is just how
oblivious she is right because you can
have a real conversation with people
like you can go to a country talk to a
poor child and the mother and you're
gonna oh my gosh you can have a
revelation you can like take down some
things so she's not allowing herself to
truly engage or there's other things
going on in her life I had one question
which is related to the parents being
separated from their children was that
instituted by Jeff sessions to win
trumps favor
so from from what we know and it correct
me if I'm wrong jank it was the
architect of that policy was Stephen
Miller who is well known as a racist
okay he's had a long history of saying
things against minorities and immigrants
for since he was a college student and
so what Jeff Sessions did was very
openly and transparently promote that
policy while he was speaking at an event
I forget what the event what did you
want Trump to like him in that way do
you know what I mean
yes Matt it's a good question but I I
think Jeff Sessions record has been one
that supports that policy so I think
that it's a it's a good coincidence for
him but I think he'd have done that
anyway anyways that the two things he's
most on a warpath sessions is
independent of Trump is war on drugs and
immigration so that's part of why the
right-wing senators love Jeff Sessions
and so when Trump attacks him they're
like no no no no he's one of us he don't
like those other people either right so
it's it's it's a good coincidence for
all of them but okay
more on Melania for saying she's now
says in this interview that she is gives
her husband political
vice okay now wait a minute that starts
to make you more of a political actor
right
in fact she seemed to be bragging about
how she told him to get rid of some
people that aren't there anymore now if
she's having you know decision-making
influence on who stays and who goes
for policy positions in the White House
well then that does make you more of a
person in the political sphere so we
just have to be cognizant of that too so
when you're judging hey is she just the
first lady that you shouldn't criticize
cuz that's out of bounds you can't be
saying hey I got people fired at the
White House but don't criticize me
politically that you can't have it both
ways and and just to all of your points
if she just had an ounce of like look I
obviously understand they're people who
have been you know bullied so much their
life is threatened and and they are in
physical danger etc so I'm not comparing
myself to them but I can at least
empathize with them a little bit because
of how much I've been bullied by my
critics online that's a fair comment
right but instead she goes no I'm the
most bullied oh for Christ's sake come
on right it's again it's just oblivious
to what other people have to deal with
on a regular basis on the go don't worry
we've got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
