young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio the Supreme Court has just made a
ruling that is potentially disastrous
when it comes to voting rights not only
in the state of Ohio but states
throughout the country now this is all
about the ohohh this is all about Ohio
purging its voter rolls and the way that
they did it is they allowed this purge
to be triggered by individuals who don't
vote for two elections in a row and then
they send a letter to that person's home
and if that person doesn't respond
confirming his or her address they will
purge that person from the voter rolls
now there was a question about whether
or not that was constitutional in this
case went all the way to the Supreme
Court and unfortunately in a five to
four ruling the Supreme Court sided with
the lawmakers in Ohio who want to do
away with certain voting rights the
courts conservative majority ruled that
Ohio did not violate federal rules by
purging voters who failed to vote for
six years and did not confirm their
residency Ohio has a strict as such law
in the nation now while it's true that
they would be purged from the rolls with
after six years the process would get
triggered if they don't vote in two
years okay so that is what made this
particular law in Ohio much stricter
than other voter laws throughout the
country and now this ruling essentially
sets a precedent that could be utilized
by other republican-led states now why
would it be used by other republican-led
states well this law disproportionately
impacts those who vote for Democrats so
it's usually the elderly minorities poor
individuals and also college students a
state via this is
with samuel alito Justice Samuel Alito
wrote in his majority ruling a state
violates the failure to vote clause only
if it removes registrants for no reason
other than their failure to vote
by contrast Ohio waits six years before
removal following federal law to the
letter okay so his argument is well they
send that letter to the address and if
they send that letter to the address and
they don't respond I guess that person
probably doesn't live there anymore so
yeah you could take him off you could
purge them from being registered voters
now Justice Stephen Breyer penned an
18-page dissent for the liberal wing of
the court focusing on the history of
literacy tests poll taxes and other
restrictions he said were designed to
quote keep certain groups of citizens
from voting he also wrote the streets of
Ohio's the streets of Ohio's cities are
not filled with moving bands nor has
Cleveland become the nation's
residential moving companies
headquarters Ohio's process rx needless
hurdles to voting of the kind Congress
sought to eliminate so when you really
think about it yes they might send that
note or that letter asking people to
confirm their address what if it gets
lost what if that person is unable to
read it because the wording could be
sometimes complicated and difficult to
understand you know it takes time and
resources to send confirmation back to
the state to let them know that you
still live at that address it creates in
my opinion for some an undue burden
right and so that is what the liberal
justices were arguing but it didn't
matter because again it was a 5-4 ruling
turns out Neil Gorsuch has a pretty big
impact in the Supreme Court yeah and
it's like you know
listen voting is your fundamental right
and unless you're a felon unless you
have this specific ID unless you do it
often unless you do don't maybe don't do
it often but respond to a mailer
yeah and
you know black people haven't even had
the right to vote for you know regards
to what your president says it has not
been a hundred years um but this is
ridiculous
and like some of these some of visitest
argument that um it was Congress's
judgment that a reasonable person with
an interest in voting is not likely to
ignore notice of this sort I mean I
thought you just had to be a person and
citizen to be allowed you know to the
right to vote yeah the law specifically
says you're not supposed to be taken off
the rolls for not having voted prior
it's I mean it specifically says it's
that the law is designed to prevent this
kind of thing there's purging of the
blood rolls but boy what Ana said is
what it's all about if Obama and the
Democrats had just held the feet to the
fire of Congress and pressed for that
Supreme Court appointment they took that
lying down Merrick garland there was
never even a vote there was nothing
never even a hearing
it's disgusting and that is why the
Democratic Party has to stand up and
they got to play hardball the same way
and I say the Democrats I'm talking
about I'm talking about the left I'm
talking about the progressives I
understand the Democrats are mainstream
and you'll hear it a lot on the show and
they got way too mainstream and too
comfortable and as I say they let that
go and that's how the Supreme Court
ruling went sideways yeah I mean that
was a mess and it wasn't just on the
side of the people who were saying no
the next president needs to fill this
that the Supreme Court justice seat was
vacant yeah well really long time over a
year exactly and of course there's
obstruction by Republicans in Congress
but it's up to Democrats to fight tooth
and nail as you mentioned mark to ensure
that Obama's nominee gets his
confirmation hearing and that did not
happen but Democrats need to do what the
Republicans do they've got a guy Donald
Trump who's a fire-breathing dragon and
he would have been on Twitter every day
calling him outgoing this is crap my
nominations how come I can't get them
through these leaders Democrats
Democrats Democrats he would say they
didn't do any of that they took it all
to politely but the time
for politeness is over and but again
we've lost that battle for now the
Supreme Court is now hostage to
right-wing conservative views and this
is one of the casualties that's exactly
this is scary anything that goes against
in any way the nasty the like are the
Voting Rights Act like that's scary
terrifying absolutely worse because this
protects people who unfortunately
weren't born with these rights right
right not too long ago and and this has
been going on for a while now
Republicans know that it's becoming
increasingly difficult for them to win
based on the merit of their positions of
their arguments and so they want to game
the system in their favor they do it
through redistricting which they've
gotten in trouble for they do it through
voter ID laws and all sorts of
restrictive voting laws that make it
increasingly difficult for individuals
who tend to vote for Democrats to go out
there and practice their right which is
to vote we're supposed to have a
democratic system regardless of where
you stand you know in terms of your
political affiliation you should care
about the democratic system if Democrats
were doing this in an effort to
disenfranchise Republican voters I would
be disgusted by my own party because I
want people to be able to go out there
and practice you know their form of
political activism which is voting by
the way the most powerful form is voting
and they're making it increasingly
difficult for people to do that
two easy ways follow Young Turks one is
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
