young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with the in a Turner talking about
equality and justice and seeing that
through the eyes of regular Americans
who are affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio the g7 summit in Canada did not
end well for Donald Trump in fact he
used it as an opportunity to antagonize
our closest allies and accuse them of
taking advantage of us now a lot of his
attacks recently have been geared toward
Justin Trudeau the leader of Canada and
Trump said that the u.s. paid close to
the entire cost of NATO to help protect
countries that quote rip us off on trade
okay so for those who might not know we
do not pay nearly the entire cost of
NATO the u.s. contributes about a fifth
of NATO's direct funding under a formula
based on national income so again these
are our friends these are people that we
have historically worked with Canada
specifically came to our aid immediately
after the country the United States was
attacked on 9/11 and Trump has just used
this as an opportunity to kind of slap
them in the face
also he tweeted the following the United
States will not allow other countries to
impose massive tariffs and trade
barriers on its farmers workers and
companies while sending their product
into our country tax-free we have put up
with trade abuse for many decades and
that is long enough so Canada is one of
our largest trade partners we do a lot
of business with them and you have to
look at everything in in full context
because yes Trump is very friendly with
dictatorial individuals like Vladimir
Putin or kim jeong-hoon and he seems to
be very harsh and antagonistic toward
our allies but he's trying to make a
deal with North Korea right now and he
seems to be ridden
begging on our allies over and over
again he's done so when it comes to the
Iran nuclear deal our allies basically
demanded that he doesn't pull out he
pulled out of that pulled out of the
Paris climate agreement he is now
basically slapping them in the face when
it comes to our trade agreements and his
recent temper tantrum has everything to
do with the fact that our allies are
retaliating against us and our new
tariffs on steel and aluminum he doesn't
like that so he's going off on Twitter
and there is a bit of a back-and-forth
but before we get to that what do you
guys think about all this you know this
is inappropriate and when you talk about
the back and forth on Twitter I have
hated that this has been called a feud
because I only see one side behaving
this way and it's embarrassing and it
just doesn't at the very least adjust
this doesn't seem helpful this way of
doing things when I think of the biggest
abuses against the US it's just I am I
missing something that Canada wasn't at
the top of my list
yeah it's odd he's chosen these bizarre
targets as you say our allies and
economic allies and this is not just a
military alliance I mean NATO is about a
lot more than just the military I first
thought that this was going to be Trumpy
and bluster when his administration
started you know how he sort of declares
his jihad here and a jihad there and he
goes after that but then then he would
back off but to actually see these
tariffs imposed he's really taking it to
the next level and it is
self-destructive and animates a great
point when she talks about it affects
American credibility on future deals so
you've made these deals you pulled out
your you've made economic deals and
you're now going back on those imposing
tariffs and now you want to make a deal
for denuclearization I mean I think this
and we'll get to it in a second the deal
with Kim right now is all sort of pro
forma it's just a photo-op but having
said that it does make the prospect of a
deal a lot more of a question I know
that if I were a dictator like Kim
jong-un and if I knew that I
historically had a terrible relationship
with the United States I'm not going to
trust them and I certainly wouldn't
trust someone like Trump who reneged on
deals made
our allies right if he punishes allies
like this who's to say that Trump would
keep up with his part or his side of a
negotiation with anyone else including
Kim Jong moon so I think this is overall
a bad strategy I think that the
ramifications might not be felt at the
moment and I don't think that his base
is really thinking about this I think at
the moment his base thinks this is great
he's a tough leader he's looking out for
us but you have to remember that a
certain portion of his base does consist
of the very farmers who will be hurt by
these tariffs and Trump feels like it's
outrageous that the European Union or
Mexico or Canada would ever retaliate
against us and and continue this trade
war after we slap these massive tariffs
on aluminum and steel of course they're
gonna do that I mean what else would you
expect so Plus this aluminum and steel
specifically it's these are component
parts in other stuff that we buy that's
right so the price of all that stuff is
going to go up and so it'll be an
overall drag on the economy potentially
and those are products that steel in
aluminum or products that manufacturers
here in the United States do import to
make products here in the US and so
those industries will be negatively
impacted employers are more likely to
cut jobs in their factories as a result
of this or or maybe even in addition to
prices going up for the consumer so
again look he's not a very sophisticated
guy he would the issue of trade and
tariffs it's a nuanced issue he doesn't
even want to sit down and prepare for
this meeting with Kim Jong moon you
think he's gonna sit there and think
about the economic ramifications of
these tariffs that he's slapping I mean
so much so as bragged about not needing
to prepare but something that both of
you said a Democratic senator chris
murphy tweeted in response to this trump
is making us a global laughingstock but
also affecting credibility and like has
us heading toward a situation that the
next president potentially won't be able
to get out of because at this point like
that is the light at the end of the
tunnel but I mean this is super than
that well that's such a great point
because you can
destroy relationships with allies in a
second which I think Trump has done a
fantastic job of proving but building
trust takes time and so if he destroys
trust among our allies it's not
something that you can just miraculously
get back with a new president although
with that said I think the Allies are
acutely aware that this American
economic policy and foreign policy is
being driven by a guy who is you know
half an inch deep not really aware of
anything that's not related to himself I
think all the things that we see in our
president right now they see it too so
it's possible I mean I I hope we make it
to the next guy you know on one level
and and I mean guy generically whomever
but I I do think that hopefully that we
can repair a lot of these relationships
because they do realize this is all this
is a trumpian
situation the weird situation to be put
in though that we are hoping we can just
fix it once this is over that's awful
I mean and it's true like I I hope that
it'll at least get to that point where
where there will be an opportunity to
mend broken relationships because I
really genuinely do think this will all
impact the country negatively
economically speaking and there was one
photo that really symbolized this whole
g7 summit for me and for a lot of
Americans a lot of people around the
world I mean you see all these world
leaders again these people who are
traditionally our allies
you know there's Angela Merkel there and
there's Trump sitting with his arms
crossed defiantly I mean it's just it's
an incredible photo and I think it just
perfectly captures what the mood was and
no matter how nice the caption is that
goes along with it everyone knows what
this looks like foreign leaders
reposting this on social media it's
shady and that's it's this is
embarrassing yeah the other thing is you
look at that picture it really becomes
clear you know all of the leaders of
these nations they have a common goal
and they're this conference was to sort
pursue a general it wasn't supposed to
be as heavy might be a better way to put
it as it has turned out to be there
there's certain goals and certain
economic realities that they're dealing
with they're dealing with the
immigration issue as it affects
economies worldwide so a lot of these
issues that we deal with in this country
that we're considering they're dealing
with them as well but what the what the
g7 turned into was this incredible bomb
blast of diplomatic horror and that was
all trumpian he just went in there and
shook up the snow globe cuz the whole
point of it is that we all have a common
goal and so now this year we are
standing alone yeah that's well okay so
this is this is a maybe it's overly
paranoid thinking but I'm curious to
hear what you guys think so keep in mind
that there are still key national
security positions that Trump has not
appointed yet he's also incredibly
incompetent and it's becoming
increasingly obvious that he's unwilling
to seek counsel among those around him
who happened to be somewhat
knowledgeable on on these issues he
wants to act unilaterally on a lot of
these issues and he has no interest in
intelligence briefings he has no
interest in preparing for things that
are incredibly important including this
meeting with kim jeong-hoon so I feel
like we're vulnerable in that regard but
we need our allies to stand by us should
there be any type of threat from a
country that doesn't happen to be an
ally and so if if Trump is destroying
relationships and becoming increasingly
isolationist and you know just basically
saying we're the United States we're
gonna stand alone we're gonna do
everything on our own I don't know I'm
just worried about what could happen if
anyone wants to target us well and if
you throw a trump as we try to be but
you can get drunk on US power because we
are a big powerful economy but the truth
is our power economically even comes in
our interaction with other world
economies so the idea that you can be
isolationist I get America first I get
it and I get that it plays you know as a
as a as a campaign slogan as a slogan
for his presidency
but we have to interlock with these
other nations and to build hostilities
with them especially those that we've
always had decent relationships with
it's just bad policy absolutely well
just to give you an idea of how much
trade we do with Canada and how much
this could really hurt us in the future
Canada is the top export market for the
United States which had an eight point
four billion surplus with the country in
2017 that's according to the Office of
the United States Trade Representative
doesn't matter where the information
comes from even if it comes from the
federal government Trump is unwilling to
listen to it because what plays well
with his base is this idea that he's
protecting the American worker when in
reality we know that his economic
policies do nothing more than hurt the
American worker huge tax cuts for
corporations no corporate tax loopholes
you know getting reformed or cut it in
these new tax laws that he pushed for
and wages remain stagnant American
workers are still not making enough
money to keep up with inflation and so
that alone is disastrous you slap on
these tariffs and start a trade war it's
gonna be worse two easy ways folly Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
