when it came to Trump's Affairs she says
she doesn't really care she doesn't pay
attention to that she knows what her
priorities are but then she was asked
about how Rudy Giuliani claimed that
Melania Trump believes her husband when
he denies having an affair with stormy
Daniels and so she had responded to that
previously but she reiterated today not
today but during this interview I never
talked to mr. Giuliani I don't know you
need to ask him so she's again
clarifying like no I've never
communicated with him that I trust my
husband I mean and here's the thing if
you really trust your husband I feel
like you would just say yeah I trust my
husband said I have much more important
things to think about than Channel
Trump's affairs and that response to one
of those questions it's not a concern of
focus of mine there's nobody who's
cheated on who thinks it's not a concern
it's a minor issue I mean I had to take
out the garbage I had a big to-do list
and I don't care if your first lady or
or anything else of course you care that
your husband cheated on you I mean it
depends on your relationship so like I
would care and I sure as hell would make
a big scene about it but I love my
husband and I would be extremely hurt if
that happened I don't know I mean I
wouldn't care though if I was in some
loveless marriage and I'm just like yeah
yeah please expend all your energy doing
that because I don't want you to do this
you know what I'm saying so that could
be it I don't know it just doesn't seem
like she cares yeah and the granted
she's in a tough spot I mean was she
gonna say on national TV like yeah he
still claims that he didn't have sex
with stormy Daniels he says yeah I paid
her $130,000 otherwise it would be
illegal so he has to admit that right
and I paid her to hush money but for not
sleeping with her well come on right so
she can't I guess Melania can't come out
and say yeah I know of course he's lying
and he's a scumbag he cheated on me and
and a lot of times that he cheated in a
lot of these instances he had just had a
baby with Donald Trump and he's like oh
well you're our busy having a baby I
can't be bothered by that I'm gonna go
hook up with a Playboy model
right he's such a bad guy and so that's
why you see from time to time her
swatting his hand away as he's trying to
hold her hand in public appearances but
overall though I do like and I will give
her credit at the end here for calling
out Giuliani cool Ann is like yeah yeah
yeah she knows it's not true that he's
been having it first she's like I never
said that like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
