we are so uncertain as to the
whereabouts of a Washington Post
journalist Jamal Khashoggi who was also
a Saudi dissident who had self-exiled
here to the United States out of an
abundance of caution he had been
critical of the Saudi royals and was
worried about his safety which is why he
came here to the United States now he
has gone missing after he went to the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul Turkey he
had went there to receive a document
necessary to marry his Turkish fiancee
and he never came out of the building
now there is some indication that he was
either abducted or based on what the
Turkish government is saying killed by
Saudi authorities who had arrived on a
charted on chartered flights following
his arrival to the consulate now the
Turkish investigators are saying that
they have evidence that he was murdered
no one has seen that evidence yet
the Turkish investigators have been in
contact with US intelligence officials
it's unclear whether those intelligence
officials have seen this evidence but
according to what we know so far the
recordings show that a Saudi security
team detained khashoggi in the consulate
after he walked in October 2nd to obtain
this official document before his
upcoming wedding then killed him and
dismembered his body the individual who
spoke on the condition of anonymity said
that the voice recording from inside the
embassy lays out what happened to Jamal
after he entered you can hear his voice
and the voices of men speaking Arabic
you can hear how he was interrogated
tortured and then murdered and the same
individual also says that you can hear
the Saudi officials beating him in the
in the recording now Turkish officials
are also wary of releasing these
recordings because they fear that it
could divulge how the Turks spy on
foreign entities in their country
although I think is pretty clear already
right yeah yeah yeah I don't think
there's much confusion about that yeah I
remember thinking okay look I get it
that you guys see him on video going
into the embassy and you've checked the
video in the back in the front and you
never see him coming up I get that
how do you know they brought a bone saw
how do you know that they dismember them
and so of course they don't want to say
it in the beginning but it's super
obvious and it's not just the Saudis I
met and it's not just a Turks my guess
is most of the host countries tap most
of the embassies that that that are in
their respective countries so be
forewarned
okay and so the Turks apparently had a
way of they say not only audio but video
recordings inside the consulate of Saudi
Arabia so they seem to have the goods
right so this is all information that we
shared with you in previous shows where
we talked about this very story but
there are updates that I want to get
into so first off what is the reaction
from businesses and the media here in
the United States well for one
Trump has been very clear in in stating
that he will continue the sale of US
weapons to the Saudis regardless of what
happened to khashoggi we'll show you
that video in just a second but more
importantly we now have members of the
media and other individuals who are
boycotting certain events in Saudi
Arabia one of those events is the future
investment initiative and it's supposed
to take place in Riyadh but there are a
number of people who have now said no
we're not going we're not interested in
that Andrew Ross Sorkin who is one of
the anchors on CNBC will not go and also
the editor in chief for The Economist is
is no longer gonna go but there is one
person who's gonna go and that's Steve
minuchin who is the you know Treasury
secretary here in the United States I'm
going to skip ahead and go to video two
let's hear what he has to say we are
concerned about what is the status of
mr. Khashoggi
am planning on going at this point if
more information comes out and changes
we could look at that but I am planning
on going so he's planning on going we
don't have enough information yet so I
don't know if people are gonna think
this is overly broad but for a lot of
the Gulf countries that are
dictatorships I've said for a long long
time you I think it's crazy to go ever
and certainly for Saudi Arabia their
dictatorship and they have absurd laws
that they could they can and do enforce
on you in weird ways from time to time
you'll we've covered dozens of stories
people holding hands or kissing in
public or appearing to be same-sex
couple whatever make and you're like
okay that's it you're in prison for 13
years what no you're crazy to go to
those countries I'm keepin it real
I'm not going I've never gone I'm not
gonna go until they get a government
that represents their own people and
that is liberal democracy and and now if
you're a reporter yeah you oughta have
your head examined going to Saudi Arabia
and on yeah you know look at what they
just did to this colonist right real
quick if you guys are worried that the
u.s. is not gonna take enough action
Trump did say something and I want to
make sure we're fair to him and we give
him his exact quote he says quote we're
looking at it very strongly
What did he say he said we're not not
concerned it was a double negative which
means there was no assertion but I think
there's so many things swirling one is
that to your comment unfortunately there
is a protected elite class of Americans
who don't get to experience that kind of
repression when they enter into the
country I mean there's a ban on alcohol
and embassies carry alcohol in the
country so there are little things like
that but when you're talking about the
symbolic consent to what the Saudi
government is doing by showing up to
actually a big deal meeting this
investment fund meeting has been
designed because guess what the Saudi
government is running out of money
they have really low oil projections to
the point where they are gonna start
taxing their citizens and this is a big
deal because the the Saudi state is has
radical unemployment which a lot of
people don't know about so not
everybody's rolling in wealth and so
they're looking for opportunities from
the outside to get investment inside and
I mean there's there's so much with this
story that I want to talk about one is
that it's interesting that there is
focus on Khashoggi which I love I love
the fact that the West is putting
pressure on our president politicians
are putting pressure on our system to
withdraw from more arms deals that go
into our disastrous war in Yemen Saudi
disastrous war in Yemen that we support
through refueling and intelligence and
so Jake and I spoke about that a little
bit yesterday and and really all we
could really do at that point was
speculate as to why because we've had a
long history of bad behavior from the
Saudis
and it seems as though no one's been
willing to hold their feet to the fire
until now why do you think that is well
I think a couple of things one is that
the u.s. doesn't take kindly to
repression of journalists I mean we have
multiple movies that have just come out
in the last couple of years about Nixon
silencing and censoring the post we have
the spotlight story so we have this
whether or not it's absolutely true this
notion of ourselves as protecting
freedom of speech right so when we point
to that it means something
Shiksha is a very interesting story what
his family where he comes from and what
his family represents in the global
market and maybe perhaps we can go into
that and another point because it's a
much longer story but I think that also
the murder of one person is something
that is tangible to people you know
Stalin said that killing killing one
person is a tragedy killing millions of
people is a statistic sure so that's how
people can understand the story they
can't understand millions of people who
are at jeopardy of a famine in Yemen
they can't understand the hundreds of
thousands of people that are killed in
Syria it's
you much to wrap your brain around and
for you to extend a certain kind of
empathy because you don't see it in your
everyday life
so the killing of one person just hits
home and that sort of story is the story
that broke World War one
you know the Archduke Franz Ferdinand
was assassinated in Sarajevo and some
historians speculated that that was the
reason for the start of World War one
yeah so look whenever you it's someone
who's in the elite it makes a much
bigger difference let's keep it real he
was part of the Saudi elite and and and
in their mind betrayed them by actually
being honest about them and here he's a
Washington Post columnist so that counts
a thousand times more than a child in
Yemen it's horrible but that's that's
the way that it works it shouldn't work
that way but if you're writing for The
Washington Post it's a lot more personal
for you and that's partly why we're on
that warpath and I'm just really curious
how much he means if this is a terrible
thing we're gonna look into it
I feel like oftentimes when it says that
it's kind of it's very empty when Trump
says that yeah I I can see why you think
that I mean and look to be to be to
provide evidence for why someone would
be concerned about whether or not Trump
really cares I mean when he was talking
about this in front of the press just
yesterday he mentioned the citizenship
status of this journalist like basically
trying to make a point about how this
isn't like a US citizen he's not a US
citizen right like he's yeah he's a
resident I mean he was very first of all
you should know that before speaking to
the press you're the President of the
United States but more importantly what
does his citizenship status matter I
mean he was here in the United States he
was a he was working for The Washington
Post and he was targeted specifically
because he's been critical to the Saudi
royals who Trump has been you know very
complementary toward and and has you
know gone to great lengths to do you
know positive PR for so I don't know I I
don't think that he really hairs that
much he also does have a long history
with the hushaby family so this is
putting him in really sticky waters but
not that Trump
a loyal person he's loyal to the point
of his own personal interest being
protected and I'm just curious to really
see how this pans out because it seems
like a gross political miscalculation on
the part of NBS I don't understand why
doing it in another country a country
that you're also in really dirty waters
with there's a huge proxy war going on
and if folks don't know I'm sure we've
talked about it on the show multiple
times but there is this Turkish Qatari
alliance that Saudi Arabia and Egypt and
other Gulf countries are in opposition
with and sometimes it's kind of a cold
war and sometimes things get flared and
reflate and for this to happen on
Turkish soil I don't know how this is
not going to embroil into something
massive yeah and look that's because
Mohammed bin Salman the crown prince is
totally reckless I mean he kidnapped a
foreign leader the leader of Lebanon
that's insanity when that guy by the way
minuchin I mean were the u.s. unlikely
the day he's in a kidnap our treasury
secretary but it's not unprecedented
he's kidnapped the leader of a country
before they got look he's where his ally
so again it's almost no chance of it but
it's your you're playing with your life
by you know in dealing with this guy at
all and his goes to another way of
showing his recklessness which is on the
financial ground so they're in massive
financial trouble part of the reason
that he kidnapped and imprisoned the
other Saudi royals on total BS charges
of corruption I mean the charges might
be real but he's even more corrupt I
think so it's disingenuous in that sense
in the middle of that he bought a five
hundred million dollar yacht for himself
sounds like a good investment yeah if
you're worried about oh my god the Saudi
finances are in trouble you don't buy a
half a billion dollar yacht so and and
the fact that the the US had so much
propaganda on his behalf including a lot
of the mainstream press now all of a
sudden come to find out he kills members
of the press and they're not oops right
well you should have thought of that
before
doing all that positive press I remember
on this show we were saying why is CBS
60 minutes and all these other outlets
you know saying this guy's some sort of
reformer we already knew he kidnapped
the the a foreign leader we already knew
who's trying to foment a civil war
within the Palestinian territories and
in Lebanon we knew what an
out-of-control
you know dictator he was before but yet
he was feeded why because if you pay
enough money in Washington you're gonna
get a lot of great propaganda no matter
what you do until you come for the guys
who are giving you the proper yet right
and just a quick note on that I mean the
the American press doesn't care about
what Saudi Arabia wants to do to
Palestinian territories right we already
know how the US press covers what
happens to Palestinians living in
Palestinian territories yeah and I
should note you know I mentioned the
Gulf countries to be fair just yesterday
would cover the story of Israel
imprisoning people who don't agree with
Netanyahu so or have a the wrong opinion
on the BDS movement so you want to
boycott Israel etc and the woman that 22
year old from Florida an American
citizen she doesn't even believe in that
she's going to study at Hebrew
University like yeah I don't care and
she's been in prison for over a week
being detained because she has the
temerity to disagree with the right-wing
government of Israel so unfortunately
this authoritarian streak is is growing
worldwide and it is deeply disturbing
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT calm /join
