young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio Donald Trump is off overseas at
the g7 and our allies are doing what
they can to diffuse this brewing trade
war that he's gotten us into um just to
be clear when I say our allies I mean
most of our allies not his allies since
he doesn't seem to like most of them
very much in advance of the g7 t tweeted
this looking forward to straightening
out unfair trade deals with the g7
countries if it doesn't happen we come
out even better how about work if that's
the case then why are you doing it you
nigga
but that's what he's going to say of
course and he goes there and he punches
Makran on the face and he punches Merkel
in the face and all of that there are
people there though that he does like
we're people he'd like to be there so
why don't we turn to one of his first
requests of the g7 which you'll see here
we have a world to run out of the g7
which used to be the g8 they through
Russia out they should let Russia come
back in because we should have Russia at
the negotiating table some might argue
that they're already well represented
there but look he would like to make it
the g8 once again I would like to just
fill out the history of this if you're
not familiar with how the numbers got
moved around Russia joined the group in
the 1990s after emerging from the
wreckage of the Soviet Union making it
the g8 but it's armed intervention and
neighboring Ukraine in 2014 and seizure
of the Crimean Peninsula anger and other
major powers the remaining members led
by President Barack Obama expelled it in
a sign of global resolve not to lead to
international borders be redrawn by
force mr. Trump offered no specific
reasoning for why Russia should be let
back in even though it retains control
of Crimea and has not adhered to an
international agreement to end its
intervention in eastern Ukraine so so
there's more to what he's doing at the
g7 but his first big request is to
expand its roster slightly so I just
wanted to add a little bit
or context and this is actually news
that we talked about on yesterday's show
so Putin was recently addressing the
people of Russia and he also was
essentially addressing other countries
internationally for being allies of the
United States and so he essentially
poked fun or taunted US allies for doing
business with the United States and said
something along the lines of what did I
tell you you do business with the United
States what are you gonna get you get
these tariffs which he likened to
sanctions
so he's been criticizing the United
States pretty aggressively and it's it
to me what it does is it it messages
that Trump is the perfect candidate or
the perfect president I should say for
someone like Putin who really wants to
dominate the world stage and wants to
kind of get the upper hand over the
United States right it's pretty easy to
get your the upper hand over Donald
Trump exactly right and now we have
Trump saying like you know rusher should
be at the table I don't know why he adds
an are at the end of Russia interesting
is it well first of all we have imposed
sanctions we are currently in a policy
of sanctions by his own administration
by his own Treasury secretary who
announced this back in April we have
expanded our sanctions against Russia so
he didn't get that memo okay if you
don't read it whatever I just want to
just go back to the fact that he was
concerned about deals with with the g7
countries because that implies to me
that he do not realize that we are
technically one of the seven countries
in the g7 that's just a math thing but
there's actually a g6 if he's being
accurate about the countries with which
he is invoking trade wars which is all
of them
the ministers of finance the Treasury
secretaries and so forth from the g7 met
before this meeting this is the leaders
before that the financial leaders met
and and six out of seven of them the
seventh being us basically were opposed
to all of the trade wars that Trump has
started that they have retaliated
against and that will continue to spiral
upward every single one of them declared
in some manner that it feels like the g6
plus one mm-hmm yeah yeah I want to talk
more about the the odd relationship
between US and our allies versus Trump
and those who are not our natural allies
but John McCain actually put out a
statement about this announcement that
trumpet out and it talks a little bit
about that so I want to read an excerpt
from his press release John McCain said
Vladimir Putin chose to make Russia
unworthy of membership in the g8 by
invading Ukraine and annexing Crimea
nothing he's done since then has changed
that most obvious fact everyday Russian
LED separatist forces are killing
Ukrainians in the dawn bus every day
Putin's forces are helping the Assad
regime's slaughter the Syrian people and
every day through assassinations
cyberattacks and malign influence Russia
is assaulting democratic institutions
all around them all over the world
the president has inexplicably shown our
adversaries the deference and esteem
that should be reserved for our closest
allies those nations that share our
values and have sacrificed alongside us
for decades are being treated with
contempt it is interesting we really
fast it's interesting that like in
Israel in his talks with Trudeau
recently or McCrone or Merkel oh he
doesn't seem to have liked even as much
as he'd like them like these people who
are natural allies naturally he goes
after any attacks the people who are
authoritarian leaders around the world
as Bernie Sanders pointed out recently
he just feels this natural kinship for
and you might say well they're
flattering him but the thing is as an
appointed out I mean Russia was recently
sort of taunting Trump over his trade
problems with his allies and that leads
to him wanting them to join the g8 at
the g7 to make it the g8 but when he
just had a contentious talk with McCrone
over trade he got pissed at him when he
talked with Trudeau and he didn't like
the criticism he got pissed at him so
why is it that with our allies when they
criticism he reacts negatively but when
it's authoritarian rulers he's fine with
it maybe he just has some sort of
affection for them but I think that
there might be more at play his and also
considering the fact that he's in the
middle of this investigation which he
can't stop himself from tweeting about
it's probably not a great ideas Emma
said during the break it's not a good
idea for you two out of nowhere mention
that Russia should be involved you know
in this group of allies that it should
be the the g8 again it's kind of insane
he doesn't really
have the mental block - no wheat there
in the new cycle they're talking about
how I'm in Putin's back pocket maybe I
shouldn't out of nowhere unprompted with
no policy position behind it say that
Russia should be back into the g8 make
it the g8 again but just a side note
about John McCain I wish that he would
hold the United States the same standard
that he holds other countries - he's not
making the same argument that the United
States should be expelled from this from
the g7 because we are currently helping
the Saudi blockade in Yemen etc so I
just want to take John McCain's comments
with a grain of salt because often it's
just ramping up us up towards more war
more aggression etc and he often doesn't
have policy behind it he likes to
criticize Donald Trump in public and
then vote for him in private so it's
just back to the g8 and the whole Russia
versus the g6 there the rest of our
allies I mean you know the interior to
your question may be interesting maybe
the fact is that we actually have trade
agreements with all of these nations in
addition to being part of the full g7
bloc we actually have sanctions against
Russia
that's so it's it's it's a very bizarre
sort of anti Machiavellian tie it's very
strange and also I mean if you had a
reason if he could actually point to how
this would benefit the American people
then okay but these you know the way
that we're treating our allies and and
the tariffs on aluminum and steel are
actually going to negatively impact
employers more importantly employees and
consumers in the United States so I
don't understand why he's doing this
with again our longest-serving allies it
just doesn't make any sense at all yeah
yeah yeah even if you're not remotely
interested in the the Russia angle of
this and you think that countries that
invade and seize territory should be
allowed in with that no conditions on
them remember that we're talking about
him going there punching our allies in
the face and we are going to lose
hundreds of thousands if not potentially
millions of jobs as a result of it what
is it a good idea to get involved in a
trade war with Europe what President
would think that except for Trump right
well the last time that happened we had
a great depression throughout the world
the last time we had an isolationist
policy was in the 1920s in the wake
World War 1 and that ultimately
unleashed a global depression and world
war 2 I'm sure that's what happened
daddy that he's a well-versed historian
the best historian and he can count
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
