young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio the latest assaults against the
Affordable Care Act has begun a
previously under Donald Trump they
eliminated the individual mandate which
I know was a was a controversial portion
of the law but it also its removal will
in the end raise prices for people who
remain on those plans they've also
allowed plans that don't cover essential
benefits to be sold so now many people
will be buying health insurance that
will leave them vulnerable to both
medical and economic emergencies later
on when they actually need the health
insurance they think they have and now
it's about to get a whole lot broader
and enter into areas that we thought we
did not have to worry about in a brief
filed in a Texas federal court and an
accompanying letter to the House and
Senate leaders of both parties the
Justice Department agrees in large part
with twenty republican-led states that
have brought a suit against the ACA they
contend that the ACA provision requiring
most Americans to carry health insurance
soon will no longer be constitutional
and we know that and as a result
consumer insurance protections under the
law will not be valid
either the three-page letter from
attorney general Jeff Sessions begin by
saying that Justice adopted its position
with the approval of the President of
the United States and I've looked into
it this is literally only thing Jeff
Sessions is doing that Trump approves up
these days yeah but there was a
reference there to consumer protections
so what does that actually mean the most
important thing that we're talking about
here are the protections for people with
pre-existing conditions now if you go
back more than a decade to before the
ACA if you had a pre-existing condition
which we know a huge percentage of
Americans do we're gonna break down some
of the numbers later on you could lose
your health insurance you could be
denied access to it or if something
happened to you and you had health
insurance they would deploy their
detectives to go through your history
identify that you should
known or reported that you had this and
then your plan would be revoked at that
point one of the things that they say
did that is good and both sort of
universally accepted 70% of those polled
back in June of 2017 supported the
protection for people with pre-existing
conditions that was brought on under the
ACA now the Trump administration is
saying they are not going to fend to
defend the ACA including assaults
against that exemption so in the near
future potentially we could lose that
that protection
so like the lawsuit argues that without
the financial penalty for not having
insurance that the law is
unconstitutional which was like the lead
legal logic that John Roberts Chief
Justice John Roberts used in his
argument when he upheld the individual
mandate but the GOP tax bill repealed
that aspect of it so they're essentially
playing the dirty games that they always
do they're using their or the things
that they have already done as a reason
to screw over Americans as they tend to
do and what's incredible is how brazen
they are in you know taking away these
protections but also just rejecting you
know historically rejecting portions of
the Affordable Care Act that would offer
them federal money to expand their state
Medicaid programs and offer our coverage
for the most impoverished people in the
country the most disadvantaged people in
the country so I mean this should be
unsurprising for anyone who's been
paying attention and who has noticed
that they are willing to go against the
best interests of their constituents
just to be greedy or make a political
point but you know this I think could
have some severe ramifications for them
politically because people are going to
feel the impact of this unless they are
successful in in spinning it which
Republicans are very successful in
spinning things they can make it seem as
though oh no this is a failure of
Obamacare that you know it's just it's
now are you really affecting you it has
nothing to do with us and you really
need Democrats to fight back right so I
think that there's a messaging thing but
if they are successful in this and keep
in mind if federal judges do need
to make a decision on this but it is
likely that this Republican appointed
judge is very likely to vote in favor of
what the Republicans want in in the suit
we'll see how it all plays out but we
really need fighters in Congress right
now we need Democrats to come forward
and make it abundantly clear what's
going on and how they're planning on
stripping these protections away from
Americans who desperately need it and I
think we also need to call out the fact
that it's not an economically
intelligent decision right which might
not also be surprising but but the
reality is the the math between having a
mandate and actually having coverage
over pre-existing conditions almost
cancels each other out and so you can
actually have both done which if we're
to go Care Act was was meant to do and
and not really miss a beat it's you're
dialing back the entire economics of how
insurance companies work the whole
benefit of having a larger pool of
people paying into other people who are
coming into the pool ultimately and the
Republicans don't even understand this
that's actually good for insurance
companies they get to have bigger pool
so in effect they are both screwing the
public and screwing the insurance
companies which which which is a bizarre
balancing I mean the first time this
policy was implemented was in the state
of Massachusetts under Mitt Romney Mitt
Romney is a Republican we all know this
so this was not some crazy socialist
progressive plan it was actually quite
the opposite and I think that there
there needed to be a better a better way
to explain why the mandate took place
or-or-or was implemented in the first
place because I don't think most people
understood what it was it was painted as
government overreach and nothing more
than that but in reality yes that is
that is what helped fund this program I
wish we didn't have the Affordable Care
Act
I wish we had universal health care and
something that made a lot more sense
than what we currently have but now we
might not even have the protections
under the Affordable Care Act and not
the devastating just to piggyback on top
of what you said about this being not
economically viable this throws the
markets into even more disarray than it
did when there was a legislative battle
over the Affordable Care Act just a few
months back because a legal case could
take who know
how long and so insurance companies are
actually pretty angry that these
Republican states are going forward with
this and that the the Justice Department
is backing those 20 states right and
also to what you just said really quick
the reality it is if you're not having
enough money coming into the insurance
system which is not a good system we
should have a universal system we should
not have private insurers who actually
are the ones deciding what treatments
are given to individual people and so
forth but but it also means that it
opens the door to reducing benefits even
further and so what people think they
have whether they are doing it under the
Affordable Care Act or under their own
private insurance policies they will
find themselves with less insurance and
they are paying for they think they're
paying for and this is definitely
indication that there there is nothing
that is not on the table in terms of
being snatched away I mean this is the
most universally popular part of this
but for Americans at large and
Republicans if you if you weren't around
before the ACA it was rough rough times
if you were not some perfect like like
oh come straight like perfect physical
strength if you had any sorts of
problems you were probably gonna have
financial problems as well and they are
ready to bring us back there I know some
people see any sort of strike against
the ACA as like like if if like us you
want universal health care you say well
what's the difference we want to get to
universal health care but the thing is
we don't immediately get to that and
along the way a lot of people
theoretically could end up bankrupt or
chronically ill or dead as a result of
changes like this and some people are in
a safe enough or healthy enough position
that they can look on this and just say
it'll be fine we'll push past it a few
years but there's gonna be a lot of
people left behind along the way really
fast for you to that I do what I want to
go back to that last graphic graphic 21
just to show you again 59% of
Republicans support these protections
and I want to focus I mean that
represents millions and millions and
millions of Republicans I want to focus
on one because there is one prominent
Republican who also supported these
protections his name is Donald Trump and
we want to show you some of the promises
that he made over the past few years in
relation to this specific part of the
the law are you going to make sure that
people with preconditions are still come
yes because it happens to be one of the
strongest asset we should ensure that
Americans with pre-existing conditions
have access to coverage look let me just
tell you pre-existing conditions are in
the bill and I just watched another
network than yours and they were saying
pre-existing is not covered pre-existing
conditions are in the bill and I mandate
it I said has to be this notion of
pre-existing conditions is obviously of
tremendous concern existing conditions
it's it is it okay then to pass a House
bill that may not protect pre-existing
conditions because of a state law we are
protecting pre-existing conditions and
it'll be every good bit as good on
pre-existing conditions as Obamacare so
look his ideology at the best of times
is a jumble of like indecipherable
complexity he doesn't even understand it
but on this he was very clear over and
over and over and the reason he was that
clear is because this is an incredibly
popular part of the law so now it is
clear Donald Trump lied to you because
it's not like the GOP in the house gave
him a bill that stripped it out and he's
got a sign it this is his approval to
the Justice Department this is on him
specifically and so if you're a trump
supporter he lied to you over and over
and over and if you were one of the
let's bring this up one of the 27% of
non-elderly adults who have pre-existing
conditions representing somewhere on bad
at math somewhere between fifty and a
hundred million americans theoretically
could have pre-existing conditions at
some point in their life who could now
be thrown off of their health insurance
he lied to you and if you are not a
trump supporter please share this
portion of the video with them it might
get through to them that he does not
have their best interests at heart and
just really quickly these republicans
are supposed to be rule of law right
they are literally violating the rule of
law here the law set is very clear and
the highest court in the land ruled on
it and they're trying to chip away at it
one at a time rule of law is only when
they're trying to incarcerate more and
more black people for drug offenses or
support cops that shoot them when
they're unarmed but one thing that I
wanted to add because it is a big story
that keeps coming up over and over again
because of gun violence in the country
let's just point for the record and and
just finalize this they are decision
when it comes to mental health issues
mental health issues are only used as
scapegoats as a scapegoat when there's
mass violence or mass shootings and they
do not want to talk about gun control
they do not care about your mental
health care they never have they never
will if they genuinely cared they
wouldn't fight so aggressively to gut
the only protections that we have that
offer some coverage for those who suffer
from mental health issues and by the way
the number of people who are now you
know taking their own lives is is
increasing considerably we're going to
talk about that later on in the show and
to know that this is all going on and
that they use it as a political talking
point when it's convenient for them is
just disgusting
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
