senator Ted Cruz is still fighting for
his political life down there in the
state of Texas and in an attempt to kind
of help him out a little bit the state
election authorities have been purging
thousands of newly registered voters
from the voting rolls you see over the
last four years actually there has been
a surge in new registered voters in the
state of Texas is actually surged by 11%
which is a pretty big increase
Republicans are worried because any time
there's an increase in newly registered
voters it is typically among the younger
generation as these registrations are
and those people tend to go a little bit
to the left and they're not really
thrilled about Republican candidates
right now they have no reason to be ever
really so nonetheless the state of Texas
has decided that they were gonna toss
out thousands thousands of these newly
submitted voter registration forms in
the state of Texas because they
allegedly didn't include a signature on
the registration now Texas law does not
require a signature on your voter
registration so that means that not only
were they purging thousands of voters
they were purging them illegally from
the voting rolls and they did it this
republican-controlled state because they
understand that if you get rid of the
young voters you get rid of the new
voters you get rid of the people who
clearly want to participate in the
process and you're gonna help
Republicans by doing it by getting them
out of there you help Republicans and at
a time when Ted Cruz is kind of
consistently tied statistically with his
opponent Beto O'Rourke that's the
perfect time to purge voters that might
push a work over the edge in finally
unseat Ted Cruz and that is exactly
what's happening in the state of Texas
it's happening all over this country
it's happening in Florida it's happened
in Ohio it's happening in all kinds of
states where there are very hotly
contested elections we're dead
Kratts have the opportunity to take over
once strongly-held Republican seats in
both the House and the Senate the only
way Republicans feel they can win is to
cheat but as long as we do have groups
out there which there's been a lot of
voter groups out there in Texas helping
these people who had their applications
rejected resubmit them and finally get
approved thousand I think 2,400 actually
have already been reappraise likely not
enough to sway the election but
hopefully it's enough to make sure that
we have people out there who want to
participate in the process and are
allowed to participate in the process
Republicans are pulling out every single
possible dirty trick we need more
organizations out there helping people
to overcome these hurdles because if we
can do that if we can get people to the
polls if we can get them to cast their
votes we can finally get these votes
suppressing voter purging Republicans
out of office and maybe get some laws in
place to where we don't have to deal
with this form of election cheating
anymore
