this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm bill clinton is making
media rounds to promote a novel that he
has worked on with james patterson and
during an interview with NBC The Today
Show to be specific he said some things
that made him look really bad in regard
to Monica Lewinsky and that whole
scandal take a look Monica Lewinsky she
wrote an op-ed that the me2 movement
changed her view of sexual harassment
quote he was my boss he was the most
powerful man on the planet he was 27
years my senior with enough life
experience know better he was at the
time at the pinnacle of his career while
I was in my first job out of college
looking back on what happened then
through the lens of me to now do you do
you think differently or feel more
responsibility no I felt terrible yeah
and I came to kiss with it did you ever
apologize to him no yes and nobody
believes that I got out of that for free
I was the White House 16 million dollars
in debt but you typically have ignored
gaping facts and discoursing this and I
bet you don't even know them because so
I am NOT going there this was litigated
20 years ago two-thirds of the American
people sided with me they were not
interested in that so he was pretty
defensive throughout that portion of the
interview there were more parts where he
was asked about Lewinsky he did not like
it later he went on Colbert's show and
he said it was not a great moment for
him he said when I saw the interview I
thought that because they had to distill
it and it looked like I was saying I
didn't apologize and that I had no
intention to and and I was mad at me and
Colbert pushed back at that but he
essentially made all sorts of excuses
is making it seem as though they framed
the question in a way that made it seem
like he never apologized by the way he
later admitted that he never personally
apologized to Lewinsky but he publicly
apologized several times it's what do
you think yeah a couple of things here
first of all that whole thing about left
sixty million dollars in debt no Luke
you have a hundred and fifty million
dollars now and that's because you were
President of the United States and
people keep giving you money to try to
influence American politics so that
wouldn't bring that up that's
uncomfortable second of all to those the
American people sided with me no they
sided with you on impeachment that's a
different issue right whether you should
be impeached is a political question
right they didn't side with you like
Bravo nice job on the Monica Lewinsky
affair and that's not what two-thirds of
the American people agreed to so I don't
think they should have done impeachment
but it was certainly not a good idea to
say the least for Bill Clinton to engage
in that affair for eighteen different
reasons and yeah times do change and and
a lot of times they change for the
better and so and it may be may be an
acceptable answer would have been hey I
should have done a hell of a lot more to
apologize to her personally and and to
me the most important part is they
smeared her and I talked about it back
then and I'm talking about it now they
should have never smeared her and that's
what he owes her an enormous apology for
two easy ways for the young turks one is
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
