Arthur Jones is running for Congress in
Chicago's third District he's also one
of at least eight white nationalists
running for state or federal office this
year hell yeah time to make America
great baby
we got Nazis running for Congress very
cool but how do we get here they're
rapists you're animals get that son of
AB up the field very fine people on both
sides very interesting that
conservatives switching out the dog
whistle for bullhorn had this totally
unforeseen consequence Wow very weird
anti hate groups say the number of white
nationalists running for office across
the country this year is higher than
ever before many of them running on the
Republican ticket like Patrick little
this monstrous nature of the Jewish
people must be known to the public this
is downright horrible and in another
example is Virginia congressional
candidate Nathan Larson who believes
incest should be legal among other
things like being pro pedophilia and
pro-hitler literally nothing I said is a
lie this is the world we're living in
now but it should come as no surprise
since we had the president literally
endorse Roy Moore who was only a couple
notches less racist than like maybe a
couple notches less disgusting than
Nathan Larson so I'm gonna show you how
what these white nationalist shitheads
are saying fits squarely within regular
center-right to far-right conservative
ideology it's just merely taken to its
logical conclusion do you think that
black people are genetically inferior do
you have ajay q-- of a black person
there's about 20 points lower than the
average IQ of a white person imagine
being this guy and thinking you're
genetically superior to anything this is
like the only argument you needed to
bunk the idiocy behind white supremacy
but there's more
and while arthur's claim that blacks are
genetically predisposed to have lower
IQs is a wild one it's not exactly new
it's actually been debated and debunked
countless times and is mostly used to
justify violence or slavery but the most
intellectually sanitized form of this
black people are dumber than white
people concept comes from charles murray
author of the bell curve this guy a
conservative thinker who intellectual
dark web Titan Sam Harris has platform
and defended on multiple occasions it's
also widely believed that race is not a
valid biological concept it's a social
construct this is many ways to see this
is untrue but Wow racial disparities
exist purely along biological lines huh
really
glad we have radical thinkers talking
about this subject such fresh ideas but
back to Arthur who also thinks this
racial disparity stems from genetics I
went to Harvard alright and you get a
lot of white blood in you too some white
blood I'm African well that's where your
intelligence is coming from I think now
that's just pure filth that we've been
trained to recognize his racist
immediately but now let's hear the same
sentiment surrounding race mixing put
through the intellectual strainer to
make it more palatable for liberal and
conservative elites alike hear the
blurriness of race is not going to
artificially make it look as if there
are genetic differences in IQ that's
going to obscure any such genetic
differences in IQ it's hard to do
accurate race science when the races
keep mixing well there's still
differences in IQ even with interracial
children being born so that must mean
that I'm right but the similarities
between Arthur Jones and routine
conservatives don't end there
communist is literally every
conservative who claims that all the
problems in modern societies them from
communists and atheists like myself but
their supporters say this is exactly
what they think will make America great
again it's not because we're racist it's
because we feel marginalized and we're
the ones who are being oppressed for
being hard-working average American
citizens now this idea isn't new either
people are prone to hyper focus on even
the slightest injustice that they're
subjected to and some white people have
viewed a more equitable distribution of
power to women and other races as losing
their personal grip on power altogether
the Republican Party knows this and has
been profiting off of this anxiety for
decades but never so blatantly as of
late so when you hear about actual Nazis
running don't forget that your
conservative reps including the friggin
president defended Roy Moore he's going
to be for tax reform I think these are
the people stirring up racial anxieties
so Lee so you forget that we are all
getting screwed by the unequal system
those at the top are desperately trying
to uphold
