Rodrigo Duterte the president of the
Philippines was in Seoul South Korea for
a meet-and-greet and during this
meet-and-greet he had this interaction
with a female fan of his now he found
out that she was a fan he was going to
give her a book and in front of everyone
a shocking and in my opinion disturbing
and creepy scene happened we're going to
show you the video and then we'll
discuss moment that stole the headlines
at the political summit
Duterte kissing a Filipino worker at a
rally in Seoul caught on live television
feminists slamming the kiss as a gimmick
to entertain supporters so she is not
upset about that kiss she's married
which I thought was interesting and
everyone's making a big deal about it
because it's cringe-worthy it's just
kind of awkward to watch right but she's
saying that she didn't have a problem
with it she was okay with it it's
everyone else that's making a big deal
about it so do tell you then Duterte
told the cheering crowd of about 3,000
people don't take it seriously it's just
for fun a gimmick and then she said
there wasn't malice in it for me for him
it didn't mean anything okay so look
concern was like this and due to our
days very right-wing in the Philippines
and also jokes about rape and things
like that but so that's important
constant context so Trump once had kind
of a Trump impersonator fan come out
during the campaign in one of his
speeches and then pointed to his wife
and says said you'd like the real thing
better right because he's such a bad guy
and then everybody's like yeah he just
cooked this fan way to cook your own
supporters yeah so maybe they feel the
same way about Duterte right but I when
I read the story in a Hutton's I hadn't
seen the video I thought maybe people
are making a little bit too much of a
big deal if she doesn't mind and he
doesn't mind and they're two consenting
adults and and but I assume that the
kiss was she got up on stage
and he gave her a quick pack and we were
done with it and I was gonna say guys
come on
right but no the way they did it was
like like it was almost like they were
gonna go make how it was so awkward
so awkward even if she's okay with it
it's still a strange abuse of power
right and so what if she wasn't okay
with it you know you're putting a woman
in a very awkward uncomfortable
situation in front of 3,000 people and
you know the fact that you're the
president and you're in a different
country South Korea at that time puts a
ton of pressure on her and by the way a
lot of the victims of sexual harassment
immediately following it go oh it's okay
it's okay because they're told and hey
don't make a big deal out of it and
there's a ton of societal pressure let
alone the whole country's watching in
her case and it doesn't necessarily mean
that she actually thinks it's okay or
will think that you know it's just
creepy it's just creepy I mean if you
want to give her even a kiss on the
cheek is weird
but it would have been a hundred times
better than that strange pervy scene
that played out so and if you think okay
look man they're both okay with it just
let it go I hear you brought it but just
one last thing if you're a right-winger
imagine you take out Detroit a this is
one of my favorite games put an Obama
okay oh my god now both sides imagine it
right so if you're a liberal maybe you
think like Obama did that maybe he's
just video Bhama said something positive
about Kamala Harris is appearance in us
everyone went nuts Wow my god this is
the worst there how dare he I mean the
world would explode if Obama did this
yeah if if you're a right-wing come on
be honest what would your reaction be if
Obama made somebody stand in front of
everybody when he takes them to an
international trip and they're going
like this and then he's sitting there
for like 30 he said I wanna take ten
seconds whatever and then leaves it and
kiss there you would've been like this
is disgraceful it's not befitting of a
president it's you know disrespectful
towards women etcetera etcetera and look
last thing is Detroit a in the context
of animation about how he has
sistent li joked about raping women well
it's not funny and when that guy does it
it takes on a totally you know secondary
problem this the first problem exists no
matter what right putting a woman in
that very very awkward situation when
you have enormous power over her right
and then the second problem is here's a
guy who has often joked about abusing
that power and about how if his soldiers
rape women he'd look the other way so in
that context it takes an even uglier
turn too easy wasteful Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
