president Trump tweets about the crack
of dawn and he hasn't even tweeted one
time to say look I'm worn with the
people of Puerto Rico
it's now been eight months since
Hurricane Maria taught through Puerto
Rico leveling 70,000 homes and leaving
3.3 million people without power or
water and the health care system in
tatters and yet the number of people
killed is an ambiguous topic it was
initially reported in the vastly
underreported coverage that the official
estimate was 64 however a Harvard study
referenced in many reports estimated
that the number of additional deaths
caused by Maria at four thousand six
hundred and forty five and now the
islands Department of Health says at
least 1,400 people died which in itself
perfectly represents a collective
failure on reporting on this issue and
the failure of these American citizens
between how would you create the White
House response so far it was a 10 now it
would be easy for me to sit here and
solely lambaste the man who sits upon
his throne pardoning himself from any
wrongdoing for his handling of this
situation from free throwing paper
towels to his condescending remarks
comparing the hurricane to a real
disaster like Katrina it's no secret
that Trump showed more concern over
Tonya lobotomy having the racism rinsed
off of her than for those suffering in
Puerto Rico but unpopular opinion it's
not just him it's all of us from the
moment Maria hit it has been under
covered according to one report of five
political talk shows that held the
Sunday after Maria made landfall all
five programs combined to produce less
than one minute of coverage dedicated to
the crisis and three out of five shows
didn't mention it at all and this would
become a trend in another poll taking
after Maria had struck it showed that
less than half of Americans are even
aware that Puerto Ricans are American
citizens which should come as a surprise
to well nobody Puerto Rico has been
placed at the bottom of the pecking
order below Roseanne Kanye Buffalo Wild
Wings whatever is the latest SHINee
story and listen I am to blame also
imagine not owning up to something while
I try to do my best to highlight stories
of injustice that I believe go unnoticed
I have reported on all of the above and
in doing so have neglected to report on
a
situation that needs as many eyeballs
and ears as possible but again in other
breaking news I'm not the president no
not yet to sit here and assume that this
neglect of Puerto Rico a primarily
spanish-speaking US territory is not a
representation of the Trump era
perception toward people of color would
be inaccurate if to tell you for the
record you've thrown our budget a little
out of whack the perception in
Washington and especially in the White
House itself of Puerto Rico as a second
class u.s. territory where poverty
hardship and Shorty government has been
accepted as the norm 16 people certified
16 people versus in the thousands
and that's when he or anyone in the
administration actually designates a
couple of minutes talking about it but
otherwise their silence has been
deafening and as we approach yet another
hurricane season there are still some
40,000 homes and businesses without
power in Puerto Rico but I wanted to
have like this there are people and
outlets out there looking to help one of
which our very own ami cants they're out
there trying to help and I wanted to
highlight those examples like celebrity
chef Jose Andres Andres has prepared
more hot meals in Puerto Rico after
Hurricane Maria than any of the other
bigger more experienced disaster relief
organizations there he joined up with a
local chef and other volunteers cooking
enormous pans of pyre and stews in a
parking lot in San Juan and it wasn't
long before they were making more than
100,000 meals a day so I asked how is it
that a celebrity chef is able to provide
more for American citizens than the
government itself these are the
questions we must be asking and the
stories we must highlight and I will
vouch to do my part to bring these
stories to light follow me on instagram
francis m-max one on twitter also at
Francis and Maxwell like and share this
video make sure to continue to follow
the stories in Puerto Rico do not go
silent and as always continue to resist
you
