so you remember the famous Trump Tower
meeting that's where Donald Trump jr.
mana Ford who is the campaign manager
for Trump at that time and Kushner all
go and meet with a Russian lawyer they
were told in emails especially Donald
Trump jr. ahead of time this is a lawyer
connected the Russian government and
they have dirt on Hillary Clinton Donald
Trump jr. responded love it
they take the meeting thinking they
might be getting some help from a
foreign government which is illegal but
apparently they loved it so they all go
to the meeting now as it turns out we
believe that the Russians did not give
them the information in that meeting
they walk out frustrated but it was
their intent now whether that's illegal
or not because they did not receive the
information that can be sorted out later
by an investigation but what do the
Trump people do because they can't help
themselves when confronted with this
meeting they immediately lie and they go
no no that that meeting was about
adoption was about adoption about about
the Russia's helping us with Hillary
Clinton no way no just about a Dodge of
course that turns out to be completely
not true the reason why the adoption is
part of this at all is because the
things that the Russians wanted in
return for giving them dirt on Hillary
Clinton was to lift the sanctions on
Russian oligarchs who are all allies of
Vladimir Putin and because we put those
sanctions on the Russians turn around
and said oh yeah we're not gonna let you
adopt Russian babies anymore that'll
show you that's why you hear the talk of
adoption it doesn't mean anything new
with anything else it really has
everything you were the sanctions that
we put on Russia that Russia wanted
lifted in return for helping Donald
Trump so that's why they don't want to
coming out now here's the problem among
many others so though the meeting itself
is a problem then the secondary problem
is how the Trump team responds the Trump
team responds by saying okay that was
just about adoption and okay who wrote
that letter
Don Trump jr. wrote that response you
sure because it seemed like was crafted
by Donald Trump himself the President on
Air Force one according to all the
reports nope nope it was just his son in
fact back then the attorney for the
president Jay Sekulow
said that was written and no that was
written by Donald Trump jr. and I'm sure
with consultation with his lawyer that
wasn't written by the president they
were very clear about that in fact
here's another quote from Sekulow the
president was not did not draft a
response the response came from Donald
Trump jr. and I'm sure in consultation
with this lawyer let me say this but I
do want to be clear that the president
was not involved in the drafting of the
statement and did not issue the
statement it came from Donald Trump jr.
oops
now they're gonna walk that back in a
second but hold before we get to that
then there was an answer in the middle
from Sarah Huckabee Sanders so Sarah out
could be Sanders asked about this last
year said this the Washington Post the
president trying to change the narrative
about what went down and not John the
reporter can you express that
look the statement that Don jr. issued
is true there's no inaccuracy in the
statement the president weighed in is
any father would based on the limited
information that he had this is all
discussion frankly of no consequence
agreed to which the president winner uh
he didn't he certainly didn't dictate
but you know he like I said he weighed
in offered suggestion like any father
would do so there Sarah Kirby says well
that whole not writing it he might have
weighed in he mighta weighed it okay but
he definitely did not dictate it well
funny that you say that because now we
find out that in January the Trump
lawyers wrote to Special Counsel robert
muller saying this and this is the same
jay sekulow and John Dowd who's no
longer with the Trump legal team but was
back in January they wrote this quote
the president dictated a short but
accurate response on behalf of his son
oops I guess that would be the first way
that he's a dictator so it turns out
Sarah Hobie Sanders you were not telling
the truth
neither was Circulo clearly you said he
didn't dictate it and clearly now the
Trump legal team not fake news is not
the New York Times not wise oppose the
Trump legal team says oh yeah yep he
dictated the letter it was his letter it
was the president's letter so they're
gonna ask Sarah how it could be Sanders
about that today let's see what her
responses you said last August that the
President did not dictate the statement
about the Trump Tower meeting during the
campaign but lawyers wrote to the
special counsel that the
dictate that statement what's the reason
for that discrepancy like you said this
is from a letter from the outside
counsel and I direct you to them to
answer that question once again you're
referencing a letter that came directly
from outside counsel and I would refer
you to them to answer that question yeah
outside counsel wrote that letter but
you're the one who said he didn't
dictate it and now they're saying he did
they take the letter so that's kind of
on you and that in fact they asked her
again this time the Washington Post if
you're single one thing from the podium
that it wasn't dictated by the president
as long as things have been entirely
different contribute how are we supposed
to know what to believe how can we
believe what you're saying from the
podium if those lawyers are saying it's
entirely inaccurate once again I can't
comment on a letter from the president's
outside counsel I'd direct you to them
to answer it Jon literally you said he
did not dictate the law you said he did
what is it respond to a letter from the
president's outside counsel we purposely
walled off and I would refer you to them
for comment Jon so in fact you did say
it and now you don't want to answer it
because you're embarrassed because it
was yet another lie that you had by the
way one of the reporters there was
Jordan Fabian from the hill not
Washington Post wanted to clarify that
okay now we're actually haven't gotten
to my favorite video so you now clearly
see with your own eyes the Sarah
Huckabee Sanders lied about it the
president's lawyer initially lied about
it and by the way to be fair to them why
do they lie because Trump tells them to
Trump goes oh I got this we're just
gonna deny it we're gonna strongly deny
it okay and then later they're like okay
yeah but mr. president now we have to
write a letter to the special counsel
that's really serious if we lie there we
could be in a lot of legal trouble so
and they have witnesses saying you wrote
the letter okay we strongly accept it I
I dictated the letter no problem okay
now go tell them to do the other lie or
okay and he puts them in these
impossible positions so how is Rudy
Giuliani his new lawyer going to get out
of this you're gonna love this quote
watch I mean this is the reason you
don't let the president testify if you
know every all recollection keeps
changing or we're not even asked a
question and somebody makes an
assumption in my
so I made an assumption then I then we
correct it and I got it right out as
soon as soon as it is what does it
happen well our recollection keeps
changing oh is that how it works so I
love that because wait a minute wouldn't
your recognition recollection be way
better when you first dictated the
letter oh yeah it would right except
that's when you lied about it and then
you did your middle-of-the-road lie when
your recollection again would have been
better because it was closer to the
event
now once you find out oh they have proof
that you wrote the letter well you know
it's not that we're lying it's that our
recollection keeps changing even if
you're in trouble oh you can't see that
light you see it you see it clear as day
gee I wonder why they're lying about all
this I wonder if they actually were
trying to collude with the Russians too
easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
