all right over the weekend Rudy Guiliani
the president's latest lawyer started
talking about pardoning Trump wait who's
gonna pardon Trump Trump okay already
this is preposterous so we know that the
president's pardoning people like Dinesh
D'Souza he did earlier Joe Arpaio these
convicted criminals and on similar
charges as his cronies and potentially
himself right but I really thought it
was about his cronies to send him a
message hey don't worry you remembered a
president can pardon you right and he
was considering pardoning other
criminals like rod Blagojevich and then
Martha Stewart partly because he knows
them through the apprentice but partly
began to send the message these are
similar crimes to my cronies right but I
didn't think he'd pardoned himself that
I think it's unprecedented I never heard
of it right I mean did you imagine Bill
Clinton in the middle of investigations
what difference does it make I just
poured myself right anyway so when
Giuliani over the weekend was talking
about now the president could pardon him
something that he's going to but he
could but he's not going to but he could
Kate classic Giuliani at this point I
thought okay here they go
but of course Trump not leaving it to
subtlety or nuance this morning comes
out and says on Twitter I have an
absolute right to pardon myself an
absolute right okay now I'm not going to
because why would I I'm innocent
then why did you write this tweet about
how you could his followers actually
look at that tweet and go oh he
absolutely could not that he has to but
he could not that he has to did why did
he bring it up I don't have to talk
about pardoning myself because that's
not a thing okay for me or for anyone
who is actually innocent of things right
in his case he's talking about pardoning
himself not because not just because he
knows he did it but because he they're
now coming to conclusion
and uh-oh I think they've got excellent
proof that I did it so it might come
down to okay fine you got me all right
you have the evidence and I am a
criminal but haha I'm a criminal
president
sorry just pardon myself so that's why
he sends that tweet this morning so I
guess they think they're in enough
trouble that they got to start talking
about the president pardoning himself
Wow these are absolutely insane times
that were
