hey guys this is a report about the
California Senate election
I just got internal numbers showing that
the Nazi candidate in California
Patrick little is doing way better than
the media is reporting so here's what's
happening so this is the race that where
Dianne Feinstein who's approximately two
hundred eighty-four years old has been
in in politics for approximately 1,200
years and has done nothing in that
entire time anyway
that's her race she's the incumbent
there's a real progressive in the race
Allison Hartson and and you guys though
most of you probably know about her but
for those of you who don't she ran a
national non-profit for five years to
get money out of politics
she's the progressive candidate right
but we're looking at a worst-case
scenario here in California you got a
two-person runoff that happens after the
primary the primaries on Tuesday June
5th is coming up so top two vote-getters
whether they're Democrats or Republicans
can move on Feinstein has terrible low
numbers but there's thirty two
candidates overall she's way under fifty
percent but she'll almost definitely
move on
so it's whoever is against Feinstein
that'll be your two choices right and so
the establishment media didn't put
Patrick little in most recent polling
and they didn't do it because he's a
Nazi let me tell you why that's stupid
because I I hate his ideology it it's
toxic it's poison etc but as usual to go
to move for the mainstream media is just
oh if it's ugly just ignored how'd that
turn out with Donald Trump I mean look I
know they gave him a ton of attention
but they kept saying he can't win he
can't win he can't win until he won
right so I just got internal numbers
saying no Republicans are actually when
you ask him who do you support they're
saying his name above everyone else by
an order of magnitude so it's just our
internal numbers are and let me be clear
about it I'm an informal campaign
advisor to Allison house and I've told
you that from day one right so as I'm
looking at her numbers I'm seeing
support for Patrick little among
Republicans at much higher clips than
the media is reporting because there
they're stonewalling him I get it you
don't want to pay too much attention and
and and give him a lot of free media but
you already did that we all did that
when we found out how insane his views
were so that's the name they know and
they don't seem to mind it so them not
including him in the polls doesn't mean
he's not on the ballot he is on the
ballot so if he gets the second most
amount of votes then you have the
biggest nightmare scenario you could
imagine 2016 on steroids you have got a
corporate robot and Dianne Feinstein who
votes with corporations every time she
makes Hillary Clinton look like a
progressive okay and then opposing her
might be a Nazi which makes the Trump
looked like a socialist
so Jesus Christ this is the sad
situation we're in now the good news is
in the polling and Allison is in a
statistical tie for a second place so
she's right on the doorstep and she's
got 2000 volunteers that are hitting the
street right now and by the way for
God's sake go sign up because you cannot
have the lesser of two evils in the
general election because those are two
really bad scenarios okay so our
websites Allison Hart send.com so if you
want to find out more about it go ahead
we'll probably have the link down below
real soon in the description box on
YouTube but go volunteer Allison Hart
send.com slash now is how you volunteer
Allison harson comm slash go because
every dollar is going to educate people
about her do you know that in our
internal polling again it's if they know
about Allison she wins in a landslide
it's super easy for her to win but they
got to know about her so we got to have
them both the volunteers and the money
to spread that message out there's only
about less than four days left now so
this is the time and I'm telling you
right now that that the unbelievably in
the state of California the Nazi has a
decent chance of moving on and go to the
general elections so get in the fight
right now primaries are the most
important part because that's when you
actually it you have some bad choices
but you actually have good choices don't
let it come down to Feinstein versus
that insanity
you got to get out there and vote for a
real progressive right now so obviously
you've got a mail-in ballot do that
about on Tuesday if you live in
California you know anyone in California
it's a total red alert I'm not I look I
just got the numbers I'm not kidding
so you got to go support Alison hearts
in and make sure she gets into the
general election
