a congressional candidate from the state
of Virginia has openly admitted that he
was running a websites that supported
the notion of legalizing pedophilia
raping wives and all sorts of things
that you wouldn't imagine someone would
publicly support his name is Nathan
Larson and I am going to give you some
of the details of what he included what
he himself contributed to these websites
when asked whether he's a pedophile or
just writes about pedophilia he said
quote it's a mix of both when people go
over the top there's a grain of truth to
what they say so when I read you some of
the things that he himself had posted on
that website just to understand that he
himself says that there is a grain of
truth to what he's writing even if it
sounds like it's over the top or even if
it is over the top all right so these
websites have been taken down and
Huffington Post broke this story and
they investigated those websites and
tied it back to this congressional
candidate to give you some of the other
disgusting things that we've learned he
told The Huffington Post a lot of people
are tired of political correctness and
being constrained by it
people prefer when there is an outsider
who doesn't have anything to lose and is
willing to say what's on a lot of
people's minds so he is thinking of
himself as this anti-establishment
candidate that most people or a lot of
people can relate to but they're too
afraid to you know represent themselves
in this way out in the open
asked whether there was a grain of truth
in his essay about father-daughter
incest and another about raping his
ex-wife repeatedly he said yes offering
that plenty of women have rape fantasies
let me read one more and then we'll open
it up to the panel his platform as a
quasi neo reactionary Libertarian
candidate includes protecting gun
ownership rights establishing free trade
and protecting benevolent white
supremacy as well as legalizing
incestuous marriage and child
pornography
he also believes that Adolf Hitler was a
hero
so now look does he represent all right
wingers of course not and he's running
as an independent although obviously
very very right-wing and so he doesn't
represent all Republicans either but
unfortunately this era has given
permission to some people to do and say
outrageous things he said a lot of
people who disagreed with someone like
Trump might vote for them anyway
just because the establishment doesn't
like them so that's his plan he's like
I'm not going to be politically correct
I'm gonna tell you that I want to have
sex with children and you guys voted for
Trump because you hated the
establishment so much so you might vote
for me that's what he's saying so now
when you think I mean all the things
that Anna said he can't possibly get
worse right I mean it's this bad worse
it's almost as bad as you can imagine no
it gets worse so he is in favor of child
rape and he thinks that you should adopt
kids so that you could rape that that's
exactly that's exactly what he said and
these are these are quotes that he gave
to Huffington Post they were
interviewing him these are things he
said he said we need to switch to a
system that classifies women as property
initially of their fathers and later of
their husbands he also showed sympathy
for men who identify as involuntary
celibates or in cells suggesting it is
unfair that they are forced to pay taxes
for schools welfare and other support
for other men's children and at one
point he compares women to animals
literally women's animals and he says
something about how well women still
have it better than animals because at
least they get to procreate yeah he said
women are objects to be taken care of by
men like any other property female sex
slaves actually get a much better deal
than animals because in most cases
they're allowed to reproduce unlike
animals raised for meat or companionship
and and so that is also part of a larger
symptom here now he's the most extreme
end of it I get that and not everybody
not even all the insults think like this
and they've got their own issues
obviously but we live in an era where he
feels empowered
to put this out there and thinks hey I
got a shot cuz there's a lot of people
who apparently do it grew if me and I
have now come out of the closet he says
why doesn't every pedo just focus on
making money so they can get a pedo of
wife and then either impregnate her with
some F toys or adopt some F toys that's
what he calls kids F toys okay and he
said the adoption process lets you pick
a boy or a girl and if all that wasn't
bad enough he's got a three-year-old
daughter yeah something that you said
that I think is so important is that
like he felt comfortable saying this
stuff out loud and where does that come
from
with this started with we have a
president who felt comfortable miked up
saying that he likes to grab women by
their vagina and a lot of people took it
so it's a joke in Alabama there were so
many people saying 14-year olds were
probably asking for it or being
flirtatious or being fast and it's of
course you can't say this is the same as
this is the same but it's all bad and he
felt like but he's not the worst thing
is it gonna happen to him if he felt if
he said this out loud no but not only
that sorry made them he thinks it's
actually a smart political strategy
right right like it worked for Trump why
wouldn't it work for me so I don't know
I mean all of a sudden all these demons
and all these terrible people think it's
awesome to come out and show the world
who they really are I guess that's a
good thing in terms of transparency at
least we know who is dangerous so we
should look out for but at the same time
it's it's really depressing to know that
this kind of thought process goes
through anyone's mind right and the fact
that this is being interpreted as a
tactic or not just a tactic but this is
interpreted as behavior wherein people
are truth-telling and we are the
fearless truth tellers like Trump like
forty five was the fearless truth teller
so that's the most disheartening thing
about this story I mean there's so many
disheartening things like I was telling
Jenk I didn't want to know so much about
the lingo and the culture in the
conversation within this pedo in insell
I guess it's called community I will say
I will bring up some good things about
the story one is that he's not going to
win it's clearly not going to win
has dredged up some of the sewer sewage
in our nation and the second thing which
I was really proud of the USA Today I
mean we knock a lot of mainstream
publication they outright called him a
pedophile and white supremacist and so
thankfully we are naming it in some
regard it was very brave yeah ya know
for sure and I was I was surprised I was
the last thing I'll say though is that
this is part of a philosophy in
libertarianism influenced by ein Rand
who wrote Atlas Shrugged and The
Fountainhead this idea of selfish
desires guiding your politics I know I'm
oversimplifying it so for folks who are
libertarians I'm not saying all
libertarians think this way but the ones
that are motivated by these really
gruesome desires of rape and and
conditioning it as if it is normal as if
it is there's nothing wrong with it as
if there is a community so it's okay
it's justifiable that sort of stuff does
come from this woman's literature and
her revival around it and also thank you
John Oliver for talking about how
gruesome her the kind of political
philosophies that her books have
produced yeah so a couple of things so
the insult community is different than
the PTO's pedos whatever you can call
and and I didn't know there was an
overlap but apparently there's an
overlap in in some areas and yeah I know
look if you have not had sex and you're
bummed about it
welcome to the world right so that
happens that happens for literally
almost every guy in the world at some
point right it's another thing to take
that to an extreme and people read these
blogs people participated in these blogs
and his blogs were that crossover of
insanity so he you know he talked about
raping the kids and people like yeah go
get him etc he talked about at the end
he's like well look I'm not I'm kind of
an in cell but it doesn't really count
because I keep raping my ex-wife his
ex-wife eventually got a protective
order against them and don't worry they
took his daughter away and his wife won
on that issue I would imagine easily in
court
uh that she by the way has passed away
so the three-year-old is with other
family now and hopefully we'll never see
him again I hope I hope I hope and and
but now to the the in like the the part
of the in cell community I don't know I
feel weird calling them a community that
is filled with anger and hatred against
women he spoke to that and he said don't
forget feminism is the problem and rape
is the solution
he compared women to animals which I was
that my first thought was oh I he
compared humans to animals where have I
heard that before
yeah yeah so this is look it's the most
extreme part of it I hope I hope it
doesn't get worse than this I you know I
always say this Barrow for right-wingers
is spiral doesn't have a bottom I think
we found it I think this is the bottom I
literally cannot imagine or it could be
lower than this one more of his quotes
that that he voluntarily gave it in race
well this this was actually from one of
the websites this was something that he
had posted he said and again let's just
reiterate he does not have custody of
his daughter thankfully he said I just
want to bang my daughter actually but
even if it were legal I'm not sure it
would happen since I don't have custody
after sex with kids is legalized parents
or other guardians will still be
gatekeepers to some extent and a lot of
them will want to bang their own kids
and not share with others I just it's we
know that pedophilia exists it's just I
don't know even through everything that
we've talked about on this show over the
years I just was I guess still naive and
didn't think that people this bad
existed but he was you think I'm excited
about the are Kelly stories that are
gonna be coming out because I think
we're gonna have to face this
conversation on a national level in
terms of is that are there limits and
conversation that we need to have in
terms of I think we did a story we were
about to do a story about mandatory
minimum ages for marriage which not all
states have right at all yeah and so
look Trump obviously famously said there
are good people on both sides not
referring to in cells or pedophilia but
about Charlotte
so but that was the extreme right-wing
and and they were doing Nazi chants
about you know getting rid of the Jews
in the middle of America in
Charlottesville Virginia and so now this
guy is a candidate in Charlottesville
Virginia and and he says hold my beer I
can do better and so as as we've gotten
to this point I hope this is the end I
hope that the pendulum starts to swing
back but there is a certain insanity
that has been encouraged in this country
and it is clearly coming from one side
and and I don't know if there are any
responsible people left on that side
it's easy to condemn this guy and say
he's not one of us super easy to do that
but are you going around and saying no
all the people who say that hey when
there's other forms of hate speech hey
it's just political correctness and this
guy says the same thing oh I'm just
being politically incorrect he talks
about hey they're taking my blogs away
where I want to talk encourage raping
kids that's against my freedom of speech
and so I've seen this movie before yeah
so are you going to then begin to
caution against other forms of hate
speech that leads down this road
my guess is he'll know the right wing is
going to continue to encourage people to
push the envelope so I'm gonna add
something to that that might be
controversial but I think it's important
for us to do a better job in
differentiating between the type of
speech that that should be policed and
the type of speech that I think people
are being overly sensitive about because
when this kind of stuff comes up you
don't want the reaction to be oh it's
just PC culture whatever no this is not
PC culture this is the kind of stuff
that is wrong and when you know we start
nitpicking on every little word that
someone says you know intent matters if
someone has no intent to harm others no
intent to say anything offensive and we
get on them and then there's like this
national case about getting them fired
well then that's when you start losing
reasonable people who who would look at
a story like this and say yeah this is
wrong we should police this type of
content online
so I'll just say last thing on the
Senate so I I hear you on that that is
definitely true and we
for actual freedom of expression in
speech on the show we've defended
conservatives who have been banned from
college campuses etc but Rush Limbaugh
and his ilk started calling women
feminazis and that's what led down this
road it did it they demonized feminists
they demonize women over and over and
over again and they began a culture and
a cult of hatred and so this is the very
end of that road but I remember the
beginning of the road I remember the
middle of the road and all along that
road the right wing kept saying no no
it's just you be politically correct now
you have to say and spread my hatred and
my fear and my sick culture as far as I
like yeah you get to do it but this at
least one of the ends of the road was
this so I hope you're proud
a Georgia couple has lost custody of
their 15 year old son after they made
the decision to give their son marijuana
to treat his seizures apparently their
fifteen-year-old son David was suffering
from seizures on a regular basis they
had heard that people were using
medicinal marijuana as a way to stop
those seizures and so they were so
desperate and so tired of prescription
drugs that they decided to try it and
his seizures stopped but unfortunately
authorities found out about this and
there were some significant consequences
take a look Matthew and Susanna Brill
say their fifteen-year-old son David
went from having up to 10 seizures a day
to being seizure free for 71 days after
he began smoking marijuana have you ever
had 71 days where he didn't have a
seizure
never currently medical marijuana is
legal in 29 states and Washington DC 9
states and DC allow for legal
recreational marijuana but Georgia has
some of the strictest marijuana laws in
the country physicians are not allowed
to prescribe marijuana for medical use
and it is illegal to sell or possess it
but the law does allow those with the
state issued medical card to possess low
THC oil the only way he could get a
medical card would be a six year waiting
list so the brillz say frustrated with
traditional prescription medication they
took matters into their own hands you're
having to buy it illegally yes Matthew
brill says he smoked the marijuana first
to make sure it was okay before giving
it to his stepson you guys got arrested
yes you both go to jail for six days the
brillz were charged with reckless
conduct after someone alerted the
Georgia Division of Family and Children
Services on April 20th David was removed
from the Brill's custody that date he
had a seizure and had to be rushed to a
hospital so this is pretty outrageous I
mean when you consider that recreational
marijuana is legalized in so many states
at this point the idea that a couple
would lose custody of their children and
face criminal charges because they gave
it to their child for religion
reason is outrageous but I don't know
maybe maybe I'm being extremely you know
know this system is extreme so I mean
the the last part of the report out of
all the terrible parts in the store
maybe the most terrible so they take the
kid to a group home 60 miles from his
parents the parents are in jail and then
what's what happens he has a seizure
because he has seizures let him in this
case the marijuana is medicine let him
take the goddamn medicine but no we are
insane and and brutalize our own
population and so our answer for you
want to help your kid is we're gonna
throw you in jail and I don't give a
damn about your kid
let them have seizures because my
morality says you shouldn't smoke pot
this is why you need the federal
government to end the prohibition of
marijuana it's it's nice to have
legalization on a state level but
remember we still have states that are
incredibly conservative unwilling to
accept the science behind the medicinal
value of marijuana and people are
getting hurt as a result of that I mean
I think the responsibility of the
department the division of Family and
Children Services should be to protect
children and do the least harm to
children and I can't imagine taking
stripping him away from his parents if
this has affected his health at seizure
was so bad that he had to go to the
emergency room and now he's in a group
home 60 miles away from his family that
cannot be the safest option for this kid
compared to what they took him out of
it's just it just can't be it's not it
doesn't seem logical right right and to
Anna's point about I mean it's it's
horrific and I want to get into that
part as well but to Anna's point about
it being prohibited on a federal level
well our Attorney General is going to
make it his his tenure to make sure that
that happens and this is why in Colorado
still they're banking issues if you get
money from the from the Medical
Marijuana recreational marijuana
business and commerce so I think this is
a difficult sort of fight that we're
going to have to
on this level and secondly I know so
many mothers and fathers with children
who and children who are autistic who
have tons of seizures and medical
marijuana or recreational marijuana was
the only way that they could put an end
to it so this is a very familiar story
this is not a one-off this happens all
the time in cases of children with
seizures and it's it's remarkable the
extreme measures that we take in
responding to it being jailing the
parents and then ripping the kid from
his home and adding more of more harm I
think they said in here that the reason
they didn't just use the THC oil is
because it would have taken six months
to get the licenses six years six years
so essentially though they're arresting
the parents and stripping the child away
from them not necessarily because what
they were doing was wrong but just
because they didn't wait long but
because they did it quicker like it's
almost like this is okay it just takes
six years to get it if you would have
waited six years yeah we're just sort of
happy with you right just let them have
seizures ten times a day for six years
and then maybe we'll let you have it
this is what we do to our own citizens
and then we call it freedom and one last
thing Matthew the dad here it's his
stepson and they asked him okay you know
did you know you could go to prison he's
like of course I knew that and he said
I'm a father that did what it took to
make sure my son was okay
I just I want to I want to add something
because I've actually witnessed my
brother have a seizure it was one of the
most frightening things I've ever seen
so to witness that at least 10 times a
day of course he would have done that of
course you would have done that right I
bet you Jeff sessions would have done
that as well yes definitely one of his
children was suffering from that he knew
that would be the only option I'm sure
he would do it but you know that's the
thing with some right-wingers some that
they are unable to put themselves in
other people's shoes they don't
understand things until they experience
it for themselves
two police officers in Florida have been
placed on administrative leave following
an investigation into a viral video that
showed the possibility of police
brutality you will see it and you will
judge for yourselves it is a brutal
video but before we get to it let me
give you the context the police arrested
Daniel James Dunkel burger on Hallandale
Beach Boulevard on Wednesday afternoon
after he was seen taking a cell phone
and a charger cable from a car
so he'd burglarized the car to taser
shots failed to subdue him and he braced
his body to keep from being shackled and
so the cops responded in the following
brutal and graphic way just giving you
that warning he tried stopping them stop
- let him I don't care I understand that
he robbed you but he doesn't hit him
after the run everyone deserves but he
doesn't deserve to be hit after he's on
the ground he was on the ground you're
hitting him you want to see the footage
you want to see the footage all right so
the reason why we came across that video
is because someone who had the person
that you hear filming it posted it on
social media on Twitter to be exact and
he also included the following in the
tweet police brutality in broad daylight
on Hallandale Beach Drive police heavily
beat this man up busted his head open
led him to bleed heavily the man is
known around the area to be a mentally
challenged individual so knew the press
tried to get in touch with him and they
haven't been able to he's alleging that
the man had mental health issues I have
not confirmed that I haven't seen any
confirmation of that but there is
concern about excessive force there
especially when he was already on the
ground and they were still using batons
to hit him he's been charged with
resisting arrest without violence which
makes me wonder why it took all that and
they still had to physically grab him to
take him down after the beating and so I
might thighs just wondering why I didn't
start there two people one person he
wasn't even moving when the video
started I just wondered why all the hits
and the officer had time the officer
standing up had time to argue back and
forth this guy I'm assuming if he needs
that much of a beating is dangerous and
violent and scary how do you have time
to argue with someone standing not even
a part of this if you're focused on you
know subduing a dangerous criminal
so with these cop stories we often have
to like argue with people even though we
just saw the video you just saw and
so but look there maybe it is that there
is an honest disagreement about people's
perspectives like so if somebody stole
my cell phone and my charger for my car
I'd be mad I'd be really mad right and
I'd want him arrested okay if they if
they said to me all right now we're
gonna beat him like will you just shown
the video and hit him over the head like
that
do you agree no I do not agree you know
who else didn't agree the person who was
burglarized you can also hear him in
that video you know saying that he
didn't want that to happen so you you
hear the remorse in that man's voice and
I think most people understand that
while it's a crime and of course he
shouldn't have done that and he should
be arrested there's no reason why cops
need to go the extra mile and start
using that type of excessive force put
them in handcuffs
and that's that what why does it have to
get to that point where they tase him
and then they take out their batons and
they start hitting him with the batons
yes oh I get that it was was more
difficult to arrest them and a lot of
people have mental health issues and it
is difficult to arrest them sometimes
we've got to train our police better
that when you run into someone who
doesn't immediately follow your commands
that the correct answer is not to beat
him over the head until he's bleeding
heavily and and that's unfortunately the
go-to move but you know the reason I
brought up honest disagreement is
because I think that there are a lot of
Americans that look at that and go yeah
if somebody took my stuff I'd want the
cops to do that I guarantee you there'd
be there's gonna be a ton of people who
watch this video and go all you libs you
know you don't know anything you don't
believe in America at least what America
is supposed to be you believe in living
in a police state you believe that
authorities have all the right in the
world to beat the hell out of someone to
the wall by the way to shoot and kill
someone who is unarmed if that person
disrespects the officer or poses even a
little bit of a challenge in arresting
that person that's in my opinion not
what we're supposed to support in the
United States that is what you
experience in an authoritarian country
and if you want that then you should go
live in an authoritarian country you
shouldn't be in a country like this yeah
and the fact that the police don't work
for us to have the accountability to the
fact we we elect the we elect people
within the police department I mean we
are actively involved in the process and
our tax paying our tax dollars go to the
police in the city of Los Angeles alone
most of our taxes go to the police
department so we should be heavily
involved in how we want what what world
we want to live in I don't want to live
in a police state and I think the the
other thing too is I'm just it I'm so
boggled over how we treat people with
mental health issues and the city of Los
Angeles again just because I know about
LA County so much is the the Howser of
the most mentally ill people in the u.s.
that's got to tell you something that
our resort is to have our last resort or
a first resort maybe is to have police
use excessive force and to jail mentally
ill people or people who have mental
health issues and I'll say something
else thank you for the cameraman who
took that video bravely uploaded and
online and I understand why he didn't
want to reveal his identity because as
we've learned in Ferguson and other
places people who in Staten Island
during Eric Garner's murder people who
did videotape the police misbehaving
they were held to account with hire
either sentencing with more more of a
heavy punishment whether it was death in
some cases then the police were and so
last thing the police are off our on
leave with pay one of them is on leave
with pay the other one is retired and
went back to the police force it's a
weird story but it's just it's
disgusting that's just the way it works
yeah they usually get paid when they're
on leave as they're being investigated
and and that's the problem with the
whole culture I mean look at what
happened with Chelsea Manning Chelsea
Manning shows among the different things
that she released was the Apache
helicopter video where our soldiers
mowed down not only innocent journalists
but then first responders who came to
bring them to the hospital
so even if they thought okay we're not
gonna punish them
killing these journalists because they
thought the camera was a gun or
something they were careless about it so
no big deal it's a war we knew the
people coming to help or bring them to
the hospital and we killed them anyway
but those people never got punished but
Chelsea Manning got punished for
revealing it and so that's why it's not
surprising that a lot of times there are
no consequences for the people in power
but if you reveal what they are doing
wrong there will be consequences for you
but I agree with Mesa that there are
acts of courage throughout the country
now and and now we're finally getting to
see what the ugly side of power looks
like
one of Donald Trump's duties as
president is to comfort the families of
those who have died in school shootings
or at the very least the school
shootings that we choose to acknowledge
on a national level and since the
government refuses to do anything to
actually make these shootings less
likely to happen it's almost literally
the least he can do he is unfortunately
wholly unqualified to do it and that was
demonstrated once again this week when
he met with one of the parents of a
Santa Fe High School student who died in
that shooting
in advance of that meeting he was
speaking with reporters before boarding
Air Force One this is yesterday and he
talked about traveling to Texas where he
said quote we're going to have a little
fun today
which is an interesting way to describe
meaning the families of those who have
been killed in a mass shooting but that
was how he chose to describe it now the
mother of one fourteen-year-old Rhonda
Hart who was the the mother of Kimberly
Vaughn told the AP that Trump in meeting
with her repeatedly used the word wacky
to describe the shooter and the trench
coat he wore she said she told Trump
maybe if everyone had access to mental
health care we wouldn't be in this
situation part an Army veteran said she
also suggested employing veterans as
sentinels in schools
she said Trump responded and armed them
she said no but Trump kept mentioning
arming classroom teachers and she said
it was like talking to a toddler yeah
well instead of arming teachers this is
what I think we should do we should ban
gun ownership that should be our guiding
call it's time to ban gun ownership all
right well he said it so go ahead and
get angry gun ownership so by the way
let's just note for the rider because
obviously a lot of people in this
country apparently including
conservative Supreme Court justice can't
read the only amendment in the US
Constitution that mesh's regulation is
the Second Amendment it says a
well-regulated militia being necessary
they choose to ignore that completely so
even if you don't agree with Joe's idea
of banning guns which are unquestionably
would make us safer you should at least
know that the founding fathers want us
to regulate guns and anything else that
is said is a total and utter lie you can
just read the Second Amendment
for yourself and and the reason why I
say it's would unquestionably make us
safer Joe's proposal even if you think
there are downsides that that make it
not worth it in your opinion is the
experience of every other country in the
world and so the idea of mental health
you know and I know that a lot of people
make that suggestion in good faith
oh we just improved mental health we
have the same exact mental health
situation as every other country but we
have infinitely a higher gun deaths and
it's the word infinite is only barely
hyperbolic in Japan I think they had six
gun deaths in a year we have I think
around 30,000 and and that's because
it's not because we're more insane than
Japan it's not because we have more
video games than Japan it's because we
have more guns it's all about the game
and this is you know at the NRA a
terrorist organization holding America
hostage so that they can perpetuate this
fantasy of some kind of eventual revolt
against the American government or their
protecting themselves against I mean it
is unbelievable to me to think that this
man who who is has so little conscience
and so little actual bearing could then
anchor a woman who lost their child I
mean this is the most difficult kind of
story for me to react to because it
hurts so badly and you just think you
know yes we have to ban ar-15 yes we
have to bend you know these types of
weapons and I I agree with you I think
we should we should we should take a
really long look at thing we don't have
any guns we don't need guns in our
society right now um
the death toll is too high the
consequences to our our moral conscience
and just it's just too high I don't want
to be afraid to to walk into a school I
don't want to be afraid to go to a
concert I don't to be afraid to walk
down the street you know this is a hand
in hand with again white supremacy
racism an enforcement of of a certain
way of thinking about America which
has to expire and we have to start to
talk about how do we bring about peace
and how do we bring about you know
non-violence you know so sick of people
talking about the need for quote-unquote
reasonable gun control when unreasonable
and obscene things are happening to our
kids the answer isn't let's be
reasonable let's be unreasonable in the
response which is why it's time for us
as progressives to start calling for a
ban on gun ownership let's and let's
also acknowledge of course that we're
not even getting reasonable gun control
we're not getting anything and that's
why I can't I can't place myself in the
position of a parent who just lost one
of their kids thankfully I've never had
to experience anything remotely
approaching that but that your child
would die in yet another 100%
preventable mass shooting and then to
have a person come who is better than
anyone else the embodiment of a complete
lack of interest or will in doing
anything about the problem he is a guy
that if he wanted to could change the
law he could do it right now he can't
change everything unilaterally but he's
willing to do it on any number of
different issues involving the
environment with his executive orders
and he chooses to do nothing here while
then going off and talking favorably
about the NRA I I guess I admire the
bravery of these parents to even be
willing to sit down with him but I feel
like that would only make me feel worse
that this is a guy who seems to delight
in working with the industry that
perpetuates the culture that produces
these shootings yeah you know he just
unilaterally used laws from world war
two era and on to impose tariffs and to
support coal power plants and he said it
was a matter of national security
tens of thousands of people dying every
year is a matter of national security we
have about ten 911s every single year
from gun violence in America and that's
national security not because hey you
have donors from the that are from the
coal industry that is not national
security but I want to give you a couple
of other perspectives here Pamela
stanitch was also with the President and
I get that it depends probably to some
degree at least on your perspective
going into the meeting and your
political perspective
she was a supporter of the president so
she came away impressed by him and said
that he showed society compassion and
concern and and then but then this quote
she certainly didn't mean it this way
but was heartbreaking to me she said
changes are coming for the good thank
you mr. Trump oh yeah there are no
changes coming for the good he is not
going to protect you in any way shape or
form he'll pray harder this time yeah
and it's just this is not national
security this is male insecurity you
know we talk about serial killers and we
can clearly see how that's motivated by
sexual violence and we have to also look
at these school shootings I mean one of
the things that always seems to happen
is violence directed at the female
students madness which is it further and
the truth of the matter is like we have
a sickness and and our men are running
towards guns as some way to assert their
their you know rage and and and and
needing to push themselves up in terms
of power and I think we have to talk
about that part of it I think we have to
talk about how this is a male problem
you know I'm mostly a white male problem
so when we're talking about gun control
we also have to talk about you know
these issues that are what is leading
our men down this crazy path what is
this misogyny that's taking root what is
this racism that's taking root it is so
deeply upsetting but we're never going
to get to the problem unless we actually
start talking about the root of it which
is I think deeply psychological it's a
yes mental illness but it's not a it's a
pervasive type of mental illness in
America to think that you need a weapon
of a rifle an ar-15 to become a real man
I think that's crazy I want to give you
two last perspectives here this is not
the only time that he's come across as
uncaring in a similar situation
you also had actually several different
instances there's the soldier who died
in Africa and he was terribly rude to
his wife and that became a huge issue
but also Samantha Fuentes was shot in
parkland in that shooting she
survive but she's got shrapnel behind
her lodge behind her right eye and Trump
came to covered her she said I've never
been so unimpressed by a person in my
life and he didn't make me feel better
in the slightest now the last
perspective is Donald Trump so we'll end
on an otherwise tragic and very sad
story in a in a humorous way because as
a candidate Donald Trump said we're all
wrong about his what some are calling
his empathy gap he said empathy would be
quote one of the strongest things about
Trump who says that but he talks like
that
and is that what a person who's
empathetic towards others would say like
you know you know what's really good
about me how much I could empathize with
you is one of the strongest things about
you gur if anyone else said that you'd
say the lock him up this guy's crazy I
mean you're talking about mental health
problems who says I'm really strong on
empathy let alone using the third person
strong empathy Jenkins last word yes
it's time to ban gun ownership there you
go that's right
I love the strength there you go time to
fight back
earlier this week Roseanne Barr lost her
show after a series of racist and
conspiratorial tweets now to restore
cosmic balance obviously someone on the
Left needs to be destroyed
thankfully Samantha be used a dirty word
in a show so I think it's gonna be her
she had this to say during a segment on
the border she said about Ivanka posting
a photo of her with her photo with her
child on like the same day that we found
out that new children were being
separated from their parents at the
border Samantha we said you know Ivanka
that's a beautiful photo of you and your
child but let me just say one mother to
another do something about your dad's
immigration practices you feckless
c-word he listens to you put on
something tight and low-cut and tell
your father to effing stop it tell him
that was an Obama thing and see how it
goes okay well my favorite thing about
that is that what people are getting
worked up about is not the the fact that
she can make a joke subtly but we
totally know what she means about the
fact that her father is sexually
attracted to her people are just looking
at whatever obviously is let's focus on
the c-word which people are and I'm
pissed at her so she apologized on
Twitter saying I would like to sincerely
apologize to Ivanka Trump in to my
viewers for using an expletive on my
show to describe her last night it was
inappropriate and inexcusable I crossed
a line and I deeply regret it she
expanded on this during an awards show
saying we spent the day wrestling with
the repercussions of one bad word when
we all should have spent the day
incensed that as a nation we are
wrenching children with their parents
and treating people legally seeking
asylum as criminals every week I strive
to show the world as it is unfiltered
sometimes I should probably have a
filter except that I take it seriously
when I get it wrong and I do take
responsibility when I get it wrong
apology not accepted from the Trump clan
though and Donald Trump has been
tweeting about how she needs to be fired
so let's just be clear on a number of
things ted nugent used the same exact
word and was later about of course
hillary clinton and was later invited to
the White House by Donald Trump
so apparently doesn't mind the word sky
and has used it in tweets before Baio
used it and then I was invited to speak
at the Republican National Commission so
Trump and the Republican Party obviously
do not mind the word and then Roseanne
Barr used the word and was not fired you
see that's the difference it's the
difference between using a vulgarity
against one particular person if that
was the rule
then half of the right wing would be
fired immediately for what they've said
about me a and I don't actually want
that no and and and smear an entire
group of people which is what Roseanne
Barr did if you can't understand that
difference it's because you were trying
hard not to understand that difference
or you're a little dense and then
finally when sarin could be Sanders
pretends to be outraged and says the
collective silence by the left and its
media allies is appalling and talks
about quote her disgusting comments
can't any reporter raise their hand and
go didn't the president that you
represent say that you should grab women
by the pussy so could you please drink
this tall glass of shut up juice while
you pretend to care about vulgarity
I mean we're tolerating this obvious
like by Sarah Huckabee Sanders and the
Republicans that they care about it and
then they are offended that if you use
while Garrity what a preposterous notion
Donald Trump is the most vulgar
president we've ever had I an
order-of-magnitude certainly in our
lifetimes and he has not only said those
things he's done those things and so the
idea that Sarah Huckabee Sanders or any
right-wingers outraged by this is
nothing but a total lie it's false and
not you know my mother is Italian so she
taught me how to curse from a very young
age and but I'll say that she hates that
word mm-hmm and that word causes really
strong emotions from people mostly women
but I don't think I've ever heard a
woman use that word against another
woman which is sort of I think what
she's trying to do and get away with
here you know and you can't equate a
like a one white celebrity woman using
one word against another white celebrity
woman with a white celebrity woman
deliberately using racist epithet
against a powerful figure in the
government which is what Roseanne Barr
did right yeah and and they're not
equatable right yeah that's the problem
here like they're not equatable and so
now immediately it becomes this sort of
1ups person ship in the media and that
you lose the
the general outrage about the fact that
we have a racist administration who was
defending racists and then you had
somebody who was using that defending
that administration using racism that
was the whole issue
Samantha B's sort of subtle use of a
word that will tick almost everybody off
in a different context I think has to be
seen in that way you know I it's I can't
say about that one all I'm just saying
is I don't I don't think there equatable
because I think you have a racist
administration being you know uphold
being upheld by a person who's then a
racist and then a TV station going you
got through we're done with this you
don't even mean it's subtle but it's a
reminder though that we can't fight
trump with trump like behavior yeah we
can't lower ourselves to his
childishness so we shouldn't use those
kinds of words because it just becomes a
distraction from the core terrible
issues that trump's advancing yeah yeah
and the only thing i'll say that is I
will accept that from progressives like
you guys I will not accept it from the
right way just won't so the the minute
the Trump administration says she should
be fired or shershow canceled I say yeah
the minute you condemn Ted Nugent's
Kibeho Roseanne Barr and Donald Trump
and if you want Samantha B to lose her
job
deal as long as Donald Trump steps down
and loses his job yeah well that's a
good point
yeah probably agree to that don't don't
don't apologize to racists don't
apologize to authoritarianism into a box
where you are saying I made a joke and I
use the word and I was being provocative
with something that is actually causing
really deep hatred you know III don't
think you can make that equation and
that's what's happening in the media
right now and don't pretend that people
are operating with good faith who have
literally never in the record done so
you
