Kanye West is a huge fan of Donald
Trump's in fact they met in 2016 and
Kanye West just met with Trump again in
the Oval Office and he did so to discuss
a number of political issues with Trump
including clemency and prison reform now
Kanye feels very passionately about
clemency for an individual who's serving
multiple life sentences in a supermax
prison his name is Larry Hoover and I
have more information about Larry Hoover
in just a moment but first I want to
toss - a video of Kanye discussing his
clemency with Trump in the Oval Office
take a look mrs. Johnson we got her out
she was very unfairly treated and there
are many other people like that today
and it's a prisoner that we're focused
on he had six life sentences and they
have him next to the Unabomber really
the reason why they imprison him is
because he started doing positive for
the community he started showing that he
actually had power that he wasn't just
one of a monolithic voice but he could
wrap people around so there's theories
that there's infinite amounts of
universe and there's alternate universe
so it's very important for me to get
Hoover out because in an alternate
universe I am him and I have to go and
get him free because he was doing
positive yeah so when I was watching
that I thought well okay this is where
we are we're in an alternate universe
and yes in the Oval Office there's the
president is talking to a guy about how
we live in alternate universes and there
are thousands of University cetera so
look it actually made me change my mind
a little bit about Kanye I'm gonna get
to that in a second
I'll let you finish a second or two
myself but Larry Hoover of
all the people in the world to ask for
clemency or a pardon you ask for Larry
Hoover right so we wondered who the hell
is Larry Hoover Anna who is he yeah so
let me just preface this by saying that
the issue of prison reform and granting
clemency to people who have been given
ridiculous sentences for nonviolent
offenses that's an
an issue that we feel passionately about
so I actually want to give Kayne credit
for trying to raise awareness about this
and talking to the president about this
while he has his ear but with that said
you're right shank Larry Hoover is a
strange person to fight for and ask
clemency for because back in 1973 he was
given a life prison because he was first
of all he formed something known as a
super gang in in Chicago that means that
there were more than a thousand members
in this gang and he ordered the murder
of a 19 year old who was murdered and as
a result he was given a life sentence
for that now while he was behind bars he
was still successfully running this
giant drug trafficking ring and so there
was a 17 year federal investigation into
this and through that investigation
federal prosecutors found him guilty of
conspiracy extortion money laundering
among among other things and so he was
given additional life sentences as a
result of what he was doing behind bars
with this massive drug trafficking ring
so to ask for clemency for for Larry
Hoover is just strange especially when
you consider the Alice Johnsons of the
world right she was given a life
sentence on a nonviolent drug offense it
was her first time offense criminal
offense and so I loved that Kim
Kardashian fought hard and got her
released yeah so look a this
get-together was full of badness well
unfortunately literally but and there
were some good parts to it that we're
gonna show you in a little bit and and I
like that he's fighting for prison
reform but apparently Larry Hoover is
some sort of like legend in the rap
community because he's considered like
some sort of Scarface figure are you not
I mean we did a story on someone who got
a life sentence for smoking marijuana
because it was their third strike a life
sentence we did a whole injustice series
on so many different people who need
that clemency you've got an audience not
only with the president but you're
surrounded by the press you can get
amazing attention to any one of those
injustice stories and you big Larry
Hoover because it's what some rappers
care about
I don't know and I don't care about it
it's just a terrible terrible choice if
you ask me and and what does it do its
wanders a good will of criminal justice
reform because once people look into him
they go oh you want to get out this
gangster oh great
okay now I'm not interested in criminal
justice reform for Christ's sake Kanye
okay but but and then alternate
universes could that be an interesting
metaphysical discussion in a different
context maybe but it is not a the
context of an oval office meeting with
all the press and the president talking
about how you might be Larry Hoover in a
different planet Jesus voice I think
that point actually is not a bad point
if you are referring to an individual
who has been unjustly sentenced right
and and I I'm sorry but I disagree with
his his his take on Larry Hoover Larry I
can find you a thousand people you
should rather talk about in that context
exactly exactly
okay I'm gonna get to what I think I'm
in a second and I'm gonna let myself
finish in a sec but let's go to the next
conversation about adidas adidas alright
let's watch right now you gave me the
heart to go to adidas because I did d
dis when I went in in 2015 we're a
fourteen billion dollar company losing
two billion dollars a year now we have a
thirty eight billion dollar market cap
it's called the easy effect so I had the
balls because I had enough balls to put
on this hat I mean this D this thing
made me a billionaire and I could have
lost two hundred million dollars walking
away from that deal no peas in a pod
me me me money money money money why are
you talking about your adidas deal in
them like Mike if you're gonna fight for
criminal justice reform your wife did it
right look I'm we're certainly not big
fans of Kim Kardashian but we gave her
all the credit in the world in she had
enough sense to stick to the topic but
he said go cameras it's all about me and
how much money I made
no wonder Trump loves him right so I'm
gonna keep going here because I want to
get to the conclusion why in the world
did I change my mind when I I don't like
Kanye at all
I've said in the past he's one of the
dumbest guys in the country so let's
take a look at the next clip here about
how he he apparently feels like a
superhero and I get a load of why
everyone but the campaign I'm with her
just didn't make me feel as a guy they
didn't get to see my dad all the time
like a guy that could play catch with
his son it was something about when I
put this hat on and made me feel like
Superman
you made a Superman now that's my
favorite superhero and you made a
Superman cape for me also as a guy that
looks up to you looks up to wrap around
us up to American industry guys
non-political no bull put the beep on it
however you want to do it five seconds
delay and just goes in and gets it done
what I need Saturday Night Live to
improve on all I need the Liberals to
improve on it if he don't look good we
don't look good this is our president he
has to be the freshest the flyest the
flyest plains the best factories and we
have to make our core be in power we
love this guy right here let me get this
guy
he called himself a crazy mother effer
an oval office imagine if someone in the
music industry went and talked to Obama
like this and use the language that he
did etc what would Fox News be saying
today made a disgrace out of the Oval
Office the rapper common was gonna go
perform for the White House poetry night
and Fox News went crazy okay the right
wing went crazy look I don't know I I'm
I'm just tired I'm just tired but that
was that was a circus that made no sense
at all
I hear what he's saying about hey this
is our president we want to make sure he
looks good because he represents the
country we want to make sure that he
succeeds right I get that point but he
has consistently done things that has
made this country the laughingstock of
the world
yeah but Konya knows nothing he's like
Donald Trump it all he knows is himself
he's a clinical narcissist just like
Donald Trump is etc so let me get to
what I thought was positive out of this
and and why I changed my mind on Kanye a
little bit so he did talk about stop and
frisk I wish he talked about it longer
but he spent the least amount of time on
that a reporter from Chicago had asked
about it Hayes there anything you want
to tell the president about the violence
going on in Chicago he mentioned stop
and frisk later realized that Trump is
not in favor of his policy because one
of the reporters pointed out he's like
oh man I didn't mean to insult you oh
wow profiling courage okay and then he
talked about how black people are doing
the wrong things to one another so if he
stuck with criminal justice reform and
in stopovers and then he got back into
the 13th amendment and look my Kanye if
you're gonna talk about the 13th
amendment try to make a little bit of
sense but he can he constitutionally is
not capable of it so he's not trying to
bring back slavery I get it he thinks
that the Thirteenth Amendment says yes
but allows for prisons so says yeah look
we're ending slavery but we're still
allowed to keep people in prisons if
they've committed a crime first of all
that like his argument doesn't make any
sense
should end all prisons no we should have
criminal justice reform because he
talked about Oprah's entry were
murderers rapists etc hence we should
have prisons and if you're gonna make
that point at least clarify you don't
mean that we shouldn't have you know and
it's slavery but he never clarifies that
he's so maddening so look my thesis and
what drove me crazy was that that people
call Kanye genius I mean you just saw
some of that I mean if you watch the
whole thing I was literally laughing out
a lot of it when I was watching it and I
didn't mean to and by the end I felt bad
about it but I need no genius and so but
it's I realized by the end mm-hmm it's
not that he's unintelligent and it's not
even that he means badly although his
narcissism is out of control out of
control right but he does actually care
about stopping for us he does actually
care about criminal justice reform I
think in a really misdirected way but he
does care about it he's not like Trump
who shows no empathy for any other human
being he actually shows a significant
amount of empathy for other people the
problem is he's clinical he has actual
mental health issues in fact he talked
about it I want to show you that I was
diagnosed with bipolar disorder I was
connected with a neuro psychologist that
works with the athletes in the NBA and
NFL and he he looked at my brain is
equal on three parts I'm gonna go ahead
drop some bombs for you 98 percentile IQ
test
I had a 75 percentile of all human
beings but it was counting eight numbers
backwards off to his repeat so I'm gonna
work on that one
the other ones 98 percent Tesla Freud
you know so he said that I actually
wasn't bipolar I had sleep deprivation
which could cause dementia 10 to 20
years from now I wouldn't even remember
my son's name so all this power that I
get and I'm taking my son to the Sox
game and all that I wouldn't be able to
remember his name from a misdiagnosis I
don't know if this is an offensive way
of saying it but he has literally lost
his mind I don't know if it's the
bipolar saying I don't know if it's the
dementia caused by
sleep deprivation by the way Trump also
a sleep deprivation sleep deprivation is
no joke and that's why Trump will tweet
in the middle of the night etc and so he
needs to get back on his medication he
needs a real mental health
it's no joke you can tell I mean it's
like almost a cry for help
he makes no sense at all and and Trump
often makes no sense at all
he's got he's pathological in his in his
lying his narcissism Trump is it's a but
to me what was so now I I have a
different point of view on Kanye you
know I was easy to make fun of him and
on this appearance my god we could have
gone to town right so no no that's not
the point the point is the guy needs
help mm-hmm he's I think he's literally
off his medication USA hey Jake you're
not a psychologist or a therapist you
can't do now look at him he said it he's
the guy says he has bipolar disorder it
makes no sense
so Kanye's mother passed away while she
was undergoing surgery and I feel like
at least from what I experienced you
know in his behavior public behavior
there was a change and and I think that
there is a cry for help I think that he
is struggling honestly I don't really
care about his political views I think
that what he's trying to do in regard to
prison reform does show empathy I think
you're right and I think I understand
him a little better even you know a
little more context into what he's
trying to accomplish but he is acting
erratically and so I don't care if he
supports Trump or not I just want him to
be able to communicate the very positive
things that he wants to do effectively
and I think the way he's behavior
behaving publicly is actually
counterproductive to these incredibly
important causes I mean look I'm a one
hand I looked at that gathering and I
was like man maybe we are on an
alternate planet and and it's it looks
like idiocracy it I mean if you watch
the movie it's the scene straight out of
the movie but but the reality is and the
most disturbing part is guys about 40%
of the country looks at those two and
think oh yeah they nailed it they're
both really smart they're geniuses
and they have it all figured out so
really who's the crazy one that's
amazing that a huge percentage of the
country looks at those two and thinks oh
yeah adidas and and water is wet from
the standpoint of water and just like
apps one insanity on top of another and
they think that's my leader wow that's
the state of the country right but don't
you think it's the culmination of
decades of idolizing celebrities right
reality show celebrities celebrities in
the in the music world
those have been you know the individuals
that we've put up on a pedestal in
American culture for decades so is it
any surprise that there's a huge portion
of the country that looks at them and
thinks yeah they're definitely geniuses
they know better than us know that is a
huge part of it I absolutely Anna but it
didn't have to be these celebrities and
so there is something about them that
people relate to look up to and so I
think that's the saddest thing of all
and it doesn't have a new with those two
guys it's a country of three hundred and
thirty million people we could have
picked other people to idolize and so
for a significant percentage this
country to idolize those two means that
we have collectively lost our minds on
the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
