our next kiss is Gayle McLaughlin she is
running for lieutenant governor in
California that election is on June 5th
as I probably told the audience a
million times already
Gayle you won about 78 different awards
all for doing wonderful things like
human rights awards day a peace award
award for excellent leadership I love
this one best politician against all
odds that's great and you doing
something with Jane Sanders now and
you're endorsed by all the progressive
groups our revolution national 38
chapters of that the California Green
Party etc I liked it by the way of the
different people you're endorsed by not
only Ralph Nader but jimmy dore so
that's clear who's the real progressive
the race is clear okay so we can skip
all those questions okay so let's go to
the the reason why all those people are
backing you and and one of the reasons
is the work you did at the Richmond
Progressive Alliance and that's an
amazing story and one that is that not
enough people know about so can you tell
us what happened in Richmond what was
the background what was your role in it
and then what was the results that you
guys got yeah first of all thank you
thanks for having me and the show it's a
real privilege to be here um yes we
formed a Progressive Alliance in
Richmond because we realized back in
2003 that the whole City Council at that
time was in the hands of chevron chevron
had purchased the whole city council
funded their campaigns and intimidated
them all so everything was done by the
corporate model and nothing was changing
in Richmond it was spiraling down
downward we had a lot of crime a lot of
pollution I lot of health problems and
so we had had enough we were a group of
activists in the city local activists
from different parties some green party
members some progressive Democrats some
having no party affiliation and
had enough and we decided to become the
leaders we were waiting for so we came
together as a diverse inclusive year-in
year-out
organization progressive corporate free
taking no corporate money and we decided
to build local political power and we
did this by building a local movement
and by running candidates for office
without any corporate money and I was
the first corporate free council member
elected in 2004 and then I was elected
mayor in 2006 and reelected mayor in
2010 and then after I turned out as
mayor I ran for City Council and won
that race in 2014 all ran and won
without corporate money but I wasn't the
only one by 2016 we have by corporate
three council members sitting on the
City Council out of seven total so
that's a supermajority so we really
really did change the composition of the
council and we did this in spite of
Chevron's spending millions to try and
defeat us in 2014 Chevron spent three
and a half million dollars to try and
defeat me and and other progressives and
we all won and all the Chevron
candidates lost but we did this to
change the quality of life for our
residents I mean that's why we we
changed the composition of the council
and we were able to increase the minimum
wage to $15 an hour past rent control
reduce crime dramatically we have a 75%
reduction in crime in homicides over the
eight years I was mayor we limited
Chevron's pollution we got over a
hundred million dollars in additional
taxes from Chevron and we became part of
a community choice energy program where
our residents get cleaner and greener
and cheaper sources of electricity so
these are just some of the things we
were able to do by forming an alliance
and working together you know coming
together based on our progressive values
and setting party affiliation aside yeah
it's not hyperbole to say
you're an American Hero and and now this
is another race on Tuesday that I'm
going to be on the edge of my seat for
and and they are spending millions of
dollars against you but you've been
there before right so yeah but now this
is on a statewide level in California is
gigantic and so and I like the word
you're using or the phrase you're using
corporate free and there's a bunch of
corporate free candidates and I can't
wait to see how you guys are gonna do
and it's not easy but I want to stay on
Richmond for a second so a couple of
amazing things there you know the
Republicans always say no you have to
keep giving tax cuts and all the
benefits of corporations that eventually
trickle down to you if you dare take
anything away they'll run away and and
then you'll have nothing and you'll be
broke etc but you guys taxed Chevron an
extra hundred million dollars in just
one mid-sized city so did they run away
did all the jobs leave Richmond nope
they're still there they're still
operating they're still you know
unfortunately polluting our community
even though we have limited the
pollution which we need to do more work
and we need the air quality district two
to really I do more for limiting the
pollution in the state needs to require
refinery cities to you know limit that
pollution and and cause refineries to
stop polluting our communities totally
so you know they stay in place because
you know they have all their equipment
they have their infrastructure they have
a great place right on the bay Richmond
is right on the bay right across from
San Francisco and that they're not going
anywhere you know what we want them to
do is eventually switch to renewables or
if they leave you know we'll find
another good business to a real good
business one that doesn't harm our
community to situate itself there but I
love that you call their bluff and prove
their lie my favorite example of that
was when the Republican governor of
Pennsylvania said that if he did
tax cuts the fracking companies they
would go somewhere else the shale gas is
under Pennsylvania where would they go
to get it it's preposterous right and
you know just a point here is that there
has not been a new refinery built in the
United States since the 1970s and that's
because cities communities don't want
refineries built in their city so you
know it's they're not gonna just get up
and leave you know they're there where
they are and we just have to keep
fighting back and doing right you know
for our communities and for the planet
and that's you know fighting these big
oil giants is what it's all about
so the other amazing stat from there was
a you as you pointed out there you do
reduce homicide by seventy five percent
over eight years when you were America
how did you do that yeah so we did that
by addressing the root causes of crime
you know what a novel notion you know
instead of saying you know the police
have to stamp out crying we knew that
wasn't the way to do it people end up in
crime lifestyles because they haven't
had opportunities for the most part um
especially you know when we're talking
about street crime
and so when you give people
opportunities they're able to make a
healthy lifestyle for themselves
so some of the things we did was set up
an office of neighborhood safety without
reach teams into a neighborhoods hardest
hit by crime and these outreach teams
were were made up of formerly
incarcerated individuals who had turned
their lives around and they could relate
to the young people who were involved in
crime in our neighborhoods and they
talked to them and they told them you
know you have to you know move in a
different direction and we'll help you
will provide you with services for job
training and help you get your GED or
substance abuse programs and they really
mentored these young people and quelled
the violence as a result so that was one
way we also were able to put more and
more programs in our community centers
we had a
'lord winning green job training program
and as a result of that we became number
one in the Bay Area for solar installed
per capita so we really you know stepped
out and gave opportunities we also had a
community involved police um police
department because we hired a community
about police chief who got some national
attention by holding a black lives
matter sign during a rally in Richmond
you know myself and the vice mayor were
with him so we really you know did some
cutting-edge stuff and it was you know
really great to have a police department
that was showcasing a different way
rather than what we see all over the
country you know too much of the
brutality that we see man it's amazing
what you can do when you break corporate
chains and right-wing mythology it turns
out you can solve crime you can solve
all these different issues and actually
look out for the community if you come
from the community so one more question
about what you guys did there because
one topic after another was one miracle
after another and all the things that
they they said weren't possible that you
all did so you kept homeowners in their
home when their mortgages were
underwater
and the banks came for them how'd you do
that so this is this was a real
innovative program about 50% of
mortgages in Richmond were underwater
during the foreclosure crisis and we
said to the big banks you know you need
to reduce the principles for our
homeowners modify the loans economists
of all political stripes said that's the
way to address the housing crisis reduce
the principles in line with the home
value because the home values had went
down so much and so the banks said no we
can't do that these are you know these
loans have been pooled and there are
investors all around the world we can't
get them together to agree on how to
modify these so sorry we can't do it so
we said well if you can't do it I'm sell
belongs to us the city and we will
reduce the mortgages and if you won't
sell them to us voluntarily we'll
wire them by the city's power of eminent
domain and then we will reduce the
principal's and put the loan right back
in the hands of the homeowner keeping
them in the home all along so that was
the the effort that we put forward it
got national attention we weren't able
to move forward with the program because
and this is a reason why we need
corporate three elected officials Wall
Street got to Congress and you know the
Congress is often controlled by these
big financial interests and they put
forward a bill that said any public
entity that acquires a mortgage by
eminent domain can get no insured
mortgage insurance no government
insurance for the mortgage and we needed
to have insurance for the mortgages so
that forced us to set the program aside
but because we had fought so hard and
pushed so hard on Wall Street did
voluntarily do some principal reductions
so we were able to gain some success but
not as much as we had wanted so it's a
long-term struggle yes you know you
shouldn't run for lieutenant governor
you should run for boss because that's
what you are and I wish Obama was paying
attention when he said oh there's
nothing we could do it turns out there's
a lot you could try and a lot you could
do to get results for people so what now
final thing is about this particular
race for lieutenant governor in
California how much money are your more
establishment Democratic opponents
spending in the primary they are
spending millions of dollars one of my
opponents is her father owns a big
development company and he put in five
million dollars into a super PAC a super
PAC that's sponsored by the California
Medical Association which opposes
single-payer SB 562 which is the
California single-payer health care bill
so he put in five million dollars for
his daughter to win this race she
herself put in two and a half million
dollars of her own money she also is has
been the president of this two
and company so you know the way I see it
you know to have a father put in five
million dollars to try it by his
daughter a lieutenant governor's seat is
really outrageous and you know there are
other candidates that are just funded
heavily by the insurance companies and
the pharmaceutical companies and there's
a Republican candidate that's putting in
millions of dollars of his own money
five hundred thousand dollars a day he's
already put in millions of dollars so
there are millions of dollars in this
race my campaign is unique because we're
building from the grassroots up we're
using social media we have more social
media engagements than most candidates
certainly you know a lot more than all
my rivals you know we we actually were
the winner of social media engagements
on some weeks other times we or maybe
two you know the second winner or
something but we are really really doing
well in this social media world which we
think is the way to win and you know
winning by reaching out winning by field
campaigning and winning by addressing
the issues so I'll give people a sense
of context there so Alison hearts is
running for governor in California I'm
sorry senator in California and and she
has more social media engagement than
the other 31 people running for Senator
including senator Feinstein Gayle has
even more social engagement than Allison
does so amazing amazing stuff that's
grassroots and on Tuesday we're gonna
find out and we don't know we don't know
if if that grassroots activism I can
overpower five hundred thousand dollars
a day in advertising right yeah and
that's the battle we're in absolutely
you know it's um it's I'm very
optimistic because we we've worked so
hard we saw what Bernie did we saw how
he his grassroots efforts snowballed our
grassroots efforts are snowballing so we
feel really
really optimistic and you know lots of
people are working hard to make this
happen alright so if you want to help
Gail and any right minded American would
go for California org you see where my
perspective is and and then you see the
links for donations and volunteers the
election is next Tuesday June 5th so get
involved in the campaign Gail for
California org but most importantly go
vote go have everyone in your family and
your friends vote because if you're
going to be corporate free the only way
to do it is people power and if anybody
knows that it's definitely Gayle
McLaughlin so Gayle thank you so much
for joining us really appreciate it so
much and everybody keep organizing you
know when I'm elected I'll keep that
organizing effort going we got to make
it happen that's all we make change in
this country and it's certainly in the
state of California
