a jury in Florida has agreed to award
the family of a man who was shot and
killed by cops a grand total of $4 but
the judge later lowered that number to
zero dollars I'm not kidding
now let me give you the background to
this story and then I will explain how
this jury decision came about it it has
yes I just say look there's two parts of
this story that has been totally enraged
and more than raids Isis just really
really disappointed and and I think I
underestimated the racism in this
country as much as we have covered it
and I've seen a billion case of it I
didn't know was this bad
and so I want you to guys as an Italian
to sort of focus on two different things
one is how do they value the life and
the family of the guy and then
secondarily who was at fault the cop or
the or the person who got shot it's
already a funny question but yeah so now
take a look at that okay so the start
this story has to do with a man by the
name of Gregory Vaughn Hill jr. he was a
man in Florida who happened to be in his
own garage playing music now he'll a 30
year old african-american was fatally
shot by a white sheriff's deputy who had
responded to a noise complaint about the
music that he had been playing in his
garage Hill had been shot three times by
one of the deputies and that deputy's
name is Christopher Newman now how did
this story even come about how did it
develop into this tragedy well it all
started when a mother picking up
children from an elementary school heard
the loud music coming from the garage of
a nearby home she called in a noise
complaint well I didn't know it was that
serious and to st. Lucie County
sheriff's deputies deputy Newman and
Edward Lopez responded okay so I let's
stop there for a second just a quick
commentary about the mother you're gonna
go pick up kids from a school and leave
how about like don't meddle in other
people's lives you don't like the noise
then then leave okay if a neighbor
called a noise complaint that may be one
thing but
you're going to pick up your kids and
you're gonna complain about loud music
you have nothing better to do alright
okay look that's I get that cops you're
responding to a noise complaint
okay and the guy is in his own garage
and so but you're gonna escalate so
you're gonna see how bad the escalation
is obviously he was you know he's
already that he was killed but but just
think about that context they didn't get
called in on a robbery or attempted
murder or a rape or domestic violence
they got called in on a noise complaint
and and imagine if the guy was white for
a second okay let's do the rest of stuff
so the cops show up the garage door is
closed so they start banging on the
garage door at first there's no response
they keep banging on it and finally
he'll opens the garage door okay now at
that point apparently
there are only three witnesses there the
two cops and the person who was shot and
killed but everything happened within
two minutes and that's according to the
reporting from the New York Times so
some exchange happens and then the
garage door was eventually closed and
deputy Newman fired four times through
it striking Hale once in the head and
twice in the abdomen the entire episode
took less than two minutes so how would
you know that the garage door was closed
because there are bullet shots through
the garage door now let me ask you
something if an individual poses an
imminent threat would they pose a threat
with a door closed I mean the guy
obviously wanted the cops to go away he
closes the garage door they decide or
one of the cops decides I'm gonna open
fire he shoots and this man gets shot
three times now they the cops had
alleged that he did pose a threat
because he was holding a gun okay
the only gun recovered was found in mr.
Hills back pocket and was not loaded
lawyers have argued about whether it was
possible for Hill to have moved the gun
to his pocket after the garage door
closed okay so get a load of this load
of crap and then we're gonna talk about
what the jury decided they said remember
guys shot three
including in the head after he's shot in
the head he took the gun that wasn't if
it wasn't loaded okay you could say hey
the cops don't know it's not loaded okay
I hear you on that but why would he
point it if he knows it's not loaded but
he somehow decided that he was going to
point a loaded gun through the garage
door the cops couldn't see and after you
got shot in the head he's like wait I'm
about to die but let me make sure that I
cover my tracks in the one second of
life I have left and put it back in my
back pocket
who could be monstrously stupid enough
to believe that like oh well the cops
their gold their gods their gods black
guy in his own garage his music was a
little too loud and you executed him
Bravo crops Bravo that's what the jury
decided and so yeah no no I think that
as he got shot in the head he put the
gun back into his back pocket no why
don't you just say I hate black people I
think their life is worthless and I'm
glad the cop executed him for playing
his music too loud why don't you just
say it
just own up to it that's not one person
that was a whole jury a whole jury of
people who don't value black people's
lives at all I didn't I'm sorry oh as
much as we have covered it I had no idea
how racist this country is that a whole
jury can get together and by the way we
haven't even got the insult to injury
yet yeah the worst part of the store I
mean the worst part is the loss of life
obviously but but the way that the jury
responded and reacted to this so first a
grand jury decided that they would not
charge the criminally charged the cops
for the death of this man so the family
wanted to file a wrongful death suit and
then you have a jury involved in that
case right now let me give you the
details of what happened with that jury
decision let's go to graphic 47 the jury
found that mr. Hill was responsible for
99% of the negligence in the case well
did he play loud music in his own home
or did he not I mean he had a coming
look I know what white people think of
black people you must obey us and if you
don't bow your head as soon as a cop
shows up we are allowed to execute you
so it's 99% your fault for not for
getting executed okay now I asked you to
imagine that
person was white like in the old days
when I saw things like I'm like why what
difference would it make cuz I just
didn't understand how much people care
about race right but now switch it and
if a white right winger was doing
something in his own home and a cops
didn't ask if he had a license and he
was a proud Second Amendment believing
gun owner and the cop said oh you got a
gun in your house I'm not gonna ask if
you have a license or I'm gonna shoot
you in the head right well and what do
you think what they would do imagine if
they shot one of the Bundy guys in the
head when he would oh my god I mean are
you kidding me the Bundy guys those
ranchers is said are the ones that took
over Oregon I said are they pointing
guns at cops and said they wouldn't
murder them on tape right and then the
right wing lost it when they were
arrested after 30 days of leaving them
alone but when a black guy gets shot in
his own house look at whatever who cares
he's 99 percent at fault no I I'm white
I have a right to own guns and pointed
out cops what do you mean I have second
Amendment rights black people don't have
second Amendment rights black people
have a right to get executed for playing
music in their own home by the way also
keep in mind so he had time to close the
garage door and then hide his gun like
simultaneously which by the way the
sheriff made that argument right and and
and so he had time to close the garage
door and hide his gun simultaneously and
also pose an imminent threat to you or
or to your cops which is why they had to
open fire and murder be so stupid to
believe that this jury so let me give
you more information but they're not
stupid they're racist they don't care
about black people that's why the slogan
is black lives matter cuz juries come in
and go your life doesn't matter to me
okay let's get to the jury verdict on
the amount so the jury found him to be
99 percent responsible for this right
the jury awarded four dollars in damages
one dollar for funeral expenses
and one dollar for each one of his
children he has three kids and they
asked the jury for the emotional trauma
of not having a father anymore
who was wrongfully killed can you give
the kids that money and they said yeah
here's what your dad's like it's worth a
dollar you're black you're not worth
anything it's worth a dollar that's what
your life is worth only because if they
said hey no you know what it's 100% his
fault and we're not giving him anything
I mean it's a terrible for the kids in
his life and it's we value that but he
just we just happen to think that it was
his fault I would disagree and I'd be
mad about it that's one thing it's
another thing to rub it in their face
and go your kids it's worth a buck
it's what that's what we think of black
people it's with a buck so just when you
think it couldn't get worse it does get
worse because jurors found that the
sheriff's office was only one percent at
fault in the death that award was
reduced to four cents furthermore
because jurors found that mr. Hill was
intoxicated by the way he's intoxicated
in his own home I don't care if he's in
toxic they said he was so intoxicated
couldn't drive well hey mission
accomplished he wasn't driving he was in
his own garage listening to music
because jurors found that mr. Hill was
intoxicated and mostly to blame for the
shooting a lawyer for his family said
Tuesday that a judge would reduce the
four cent award to nothing okay so just
we're clear okay so right wing whoever
else agrees with this if you are not
racist and this is not based on race
okay
let's accept that for a second only for
a second because it's not true well you
just said it precedent that cops can
come in to anybody's house including a
gun owner any gun owner and say your
musics a little too loud and you're
drinking inside your own home I get to
shoot you in the head and your life's
worth a penny you think they would
awarded a dollar or a penny if it was a
white guy who is a proud gun owner
second LEM and all that stuff just
drinking some beers in his own garage
and listening to music no they would
have been outraged outraged jackbooted
thugs of big government
I can't believe intruding on our
American rights but it's a black guy
that dollar award Hatchery is it's was
the most disgusting jury decision I have
ever
in my life two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
