the Government Accountability Office is
outraged and wants some answers as to
why the Trump administration refuses to
hand over information that they have
easily received in other administrations
so according to reporting by Politico
the GAO general counsel Thomas Armstrong
said in a letter to White House
cancelled out Don began that he
understood that attorneys from your
office and the National Security Council
will not respond to inquiries or
otherwise engage with the Government
Accountability Office staff during the
course of our reviews the GAO has sought
information on the cost of presidential
travel and security measures vacancies
in the office of the Inspector General
and the role of the NSC in conflict
prevention efforts abroad so this is
standard operating procedure this is
again information that they easily
received in previous administrations but
their requests under the trump
administration go ignored unfulfilled
and they want answers
Armstrong asked for a response from
began by May 25th a request that it was
not met so that's happening also
lawmakers led by ranking member Elijah
Cummings asked Committee Chairman trey
Gowdy to hold a hearing to shed light on
why the Trump administration has so
severely reversed course to deny the GAO
access to information it has obtained
for years that is another letter that
went unanswered so it's the criminal
Donald Trump administration and so it's
not surprising that they don't care
about the rule of law and they're like
you keep Government Accountability
Office we're not gonna do accountability
we're a bunch of criminals in here so
why would I want cops on the beat
I don't want cops I don't want
inspectors I don't want anybody doing
accountability so I'm just gonna shred
normal procedures what are you gonna do
about it
so another step towards fascism where
they say we can't hold me accountable
you can't hold me accountable for
anything well Trump ran on a rule of law
what a sick joke my guy who's been a
lifelong criminal he's law and order
candidate as I said during the RNC but
remember a lot of this does have to do
with miss using taxpayer money or over
spending taxpayer money on things that
they shouldn't be spending on so there
have been a number of members in the
Trump administration who have gotten a
lot of criticism for spending money on
things like expensing expensive dining
room tables or a private phone booth in
the office or you know excessive travel
you know on private jets things like
that and so my speculation here is that
they were tired of the negative press
coverage and they probably didn't want a
government agency investigating you know
these issues and where all this money is
going well look Donald Trump has never
understood the concept that when you're
the president you're not a dictator
actually what you're supposed to be is
our representative you're supposed to
look out for us because it's a democracy
and in that their so-called democracy
such as it is even though you got less
votes another person in this bizarro
world fine you're the president okay but
you're supposed to be the president of
us and so it's not supposed to be like a
job where you make money and it's for
your own benefit and if the Attorney
General doesn't serve you and protect
you from the FBI when you break the law
you're like whoa why are you protecting
me and you get to fire the head of the
FBI and then when they look and say hey
the American people would like to see
how much you're spending on travel
because you work for them music what do
you mean what do you mean he doesn't get
it he doesn't think he works for you
guys he thinks he works for himself and
that he's here to take advantage of you
which is what he's done his whole life
to easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
