Donald Trump is potentially planning on
pardoning other people who have been
convicted of crimes now the following
two people are not necessarily
right-wingers but they were convicted of
crimes and it is interesting that he is
reaching out to them and potentially
offering them a pardon
so Trump told reporters he was
considering pardoning Martha Stewart and
commuting the sentences of former
governor Rod Blagojevich of Illinois
so just to do a little refresher on what
their crimes were a jury found Stewart
guilty in 2004 of obstructing justice
and lying to investigators about the
reason she sold shares of a company
she served five months in prison for
that convicted crime and then when it
came to Blagojevich he is currently
serving a 14-year sentence after being
convicted of corruption stemming from a
scheme to sell the Senate seat that was
left vacant by Barack Obama so I want to
go to a video from back in November 2016
where Trump was asked about Blagojevich
keep in mind that Blagojevich had
appeared on Trump's show The Apprentice
and here's what Trump had to say about
the crime that he was convicted of
boy I think it was tough for what
happened to him I'll be honest you know
I I don't know well other than he was on
the apprentice
and because he was you know semi
celebrity it was good actually it was
good having him on I found him to be I
can only speak for myself and I didn't
know I found a very nice guy not
sophisticated but but I think it's an
awfully tough sentence he got you know
that you know for what supposedly he did
because what he did is what politicians
do all the time they make deals I just
thought he got treated I just thought it
was a very tough sense I thought it was
a really tough sense I mean frankly when
I read about him he just sounded stupid
more than anything else you know I mean
how how stupid can you be
but it sounded stupid it was so
ridiculous that is the most amazing
video I've ever seen no that's that's an
exaggeration most amazing video I've
seen this week the irony of him
repeatedly calling playboy bitch stupid
was amazing and then the backhanded
compliment of it's a very nice guy not
very sophisticated but very nice not
sophisticated Trump call someone not
sophisticated all right so when when
these pardons happen first thing I look
at is what were the crimes because again
the whole point of Donald Trump
pardoning people is so that he get
eventually pardoned the people that
worked with him so that they don't give
evidence to prosecutors and so lying to
prosecutors is what Martha Stewart went
away for he's like how perfect I've been
lying to prosecutors and all my cronies
have been lying to prosecutors great saw
a partner for that so that was part of
it
and then you saw in the tape for
Blagojevich it's just politicians making
deals like when I made a deal with China
that they funneled a billion dollars say
Indonesia Indonesia gives me money and
then I take the sanctions off of ZTE I
was just politician make it a deal okay
what's the big deal so okay that's part
of the reason then but I was like why
Martha Stewart a bitch because I didn't
know because I don't watch stupid
reality TV yeah he loves the celebrities
I mean Blagojevich was on his show and
then Martha Stewart can I read the quote
he had for Martha Stewart I think to a
certain extent Martha Stewart was
harshly and unfairly treated and she
used to be my biggest fan in the world
before I became a politician but that's
okay I don't view it that way except you
do you've just said it yeah and and
Martha Stewart also by the way hosted
our own spin spin-off of Trump ins
Trump's Apprentice so they're both
connected their apprentice so he's like
oh is it great this is a twofer I get to
pardon my friends who did criminal
things just like me
and the people that worked in my
campaign administration so and we're the
rich and powerful and of course when
they they got very rough treatment oh by
the way it's funny because I remember
the Central Park five when it was proven
that they were actually innocent they
they were wrongfully convicted we found
the real person who had done the rape in
Central Park and these are five black
teenagers who were wrongfully arrested
and imprisoned for a long time when we
found out that they were wrongfully
arrested Trump said who cares they
should have stayed in prison anyway
that's right no pardons for them I mean
they were let go anyway because they
were innocent but Trump thought I don't
care that they're innocent I want them
to remain in jail he said they probably
did something anyway if you're rich and
powerful and you're a friend of Donald
Trump very rough treatment not fair to
do the rough treatment right you're an
average african-american in New York who
was totally innocent and you had decades
of your life stolen from you you
probably did something anyway put them
back in jail he's a disgusting human
being also I just wanted to quickly
comment on the sentence that Blagojevich
got versus the sentence that dinesh
d'souza received now look there were
different crimes but the one thing that
I do agree with Trump on was that
Blagojevich's 14 years sentence did seem
a little excessive I don't know if you
agree with me on that but he's not going
I mean she's now possibly going to be
pardoned by Trump but if he doesn't get
pardoned he will remain in prison until
2024 again I feel like that seems a
little excessive yeah no no I hear you
there is a big difference and they are
slightly different crimes but I go the
other way
I wish dinesh d'souza had spent 14 years
in prison which he richly deserves and
I'm so tired of the politicians in their
corruption
it's outright corruption like
Blagojevich or the systemic corruption
here's what I have to say to all of them
lock them up lock them up okay and
starting with the top criminal himself
Donald Trump I cannot wait for
prosecutors to put handcuffs on that guy
he's an absolute criminal that's why
he's panicking panicking that
prosecutors are talking to all of his
cronies who clearly committed those
crimes with him and that is why he's
threatening to fire everyone including
his own attorney general it's so obvious
we're all going around pretending that
we don't see the clear thing that's
happening here Trump now turns around
and says Oh James Comey I I didn't fire
him for Russia even though I said it on
national television oh you just realized
that you're a schmuck and admitted
obstruction of justice on TV okay well
sad day for you you didn't you can't
take it back why do you think two easy
ways follow young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
