televangelist Jesse Duplantis is one of
these prosperity gospel individuals who
really wants a jet the only thing is he
wants his fourth jet which would be paid
for by his parishioners he wants the
Falcon 7x private jet don't know what
that is because I don't do rich people's
stuff but nonetheless he was quoted as
saying the following if Jesus were to
descend from heaven and physically set
foot on the 21st century earth the
Redeemer would probably take a pass on
riding on the back of a donkey he'd be
on an airplane preaching the gospel all
over the world and that's what he
apparently wants to do but the Jets that
he currently has aren't good enough he
wants this Falcon 7x private jet which
has like Bluetooth stuff and like free I
love an optional in-flight shower
because when you're feeling really dirty
from ripping people off you want to be
able to take a shower and cleanse
yourself
yeah well it's got nose nose limiting
might have that too noise limiting
acoustic technology Jesus to be fair
wouldn't go anywhere without noise
Liberty acoustic technology a Bluetooth
enabled entertainment center and as an
opponent an optional in-flight shower
now it didn't look like Jesus was big on
showers but maybe I'm wrong maybe he
thought okay Falcon 7x and between
washing other people's feet I got to
make sure my feet are washed okay this
jet will cost fifty four million dollars
and I believe that he will get this jet
I believe that he will convince people
and scam them out of their hard-earned
money because he's he has somehow
convinced them that hey if I give this
greedy terrible disgusting person my
hard-earned money will somehow I will
have a better relationship with God
here's what I have to say to that no he
says no no and to be fair he says let's
pray on it
I'm not saying you definitely have to
give me a fifty four million dollar jet
I'm just saying pray to God pray on it
and God will whisper in your ear give
him the phone
and 7x it's got noise limiting
acoustical accoutrements but Jesus and
the Apostle Paul would have loved I mean
because when you when you got all the
rabble talking to you you don't want it
now you need to shut them out these are
the same guys that have another Kenneth
Copeland pastor said you don't want to
ride in a tube filled with demons are
you serious yes that's what he said
about you your own parishioners he's
like oh my God we're trying to Oral
Roberts Andover Roberts he got famous
everybody was coming up to him and it
was bothering him and he demons that's
what they are humans for bothering world
Roberts if you go on a regular plane
that isn't a falcon 7x it's filled with
demons regular people he's got to be
removed from that if there's one thing
Jesus hated it was regular people okay
he also was quoted as saying we believe
in God for a brand new Falcon 7x so we
can go anywhere in the world with one
stop he didn't he doesn't want to reload
he doesn't want to do two stops on his
three other jets okay to be fair when
Jesus rose he rose in a Falcon 7x two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
