this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm donald trump has
reacted to the whole Roseanne Barr story
and how her show has gotten canceled he
says the following graphic 30 ba biker
of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her
know that ABC does not tolerate comments
like those made by Roseanne Barr she he
never called president Donald J Trump to
apologize for the horrible statements
made and said about me on ABC maybe I
just didn't get the call all right so
this is typical Trump first of all I
like this isn't middle initial I know
here as you I was like oh no hit M
Kasparian yes and I can't believe what
you've said about genkai ugar well what
a weirdo so let's note a couple of
things for the record one he did not
tweet about the things that Roseanne
Barr actually said calling Valerie's
yard an ape not an issue not worth his
time not bothering a tweet about that
number two he says I grew his friends
was Jerry that part is true okay and I
think that that did play a big part of
this number three he thinks well
insulting anyone gets you fired from TV
apparently no that's not how it works
she wasn't fired for insulting Valerie
Jarrett she was fired for saying racist
things about black people and the you
can't be racist against orange people
what people say things about you it
isn't because you're orange it's because
you're Donald J Trump and you get to
criticize first of all anyone in the
country let alone the President of the
United States who's a politician so
you're conflating two things you might
think he's doing it on purpose to trick
his followers no I think he doesn't know
the difference like he didn't occur to
him hey that's racist that's about a
whole group of people
and this is just about me and I'm a
politician
no he just look because he's a child if
he had unmitigated power it would be a
criminal offence to say anything
negative about him no question about it
but here's my favorite part of the story
Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Tuesday before
Donald Trump tweeted said that's not
what the president's looking at when
asked about this issue that's not what
he's spending his time on oops and I
think that we have a lot bigger things
going on in the country right now
oops certainly that the president is
spending his time when it comes to
policy oops what are you doing you you
don't know Trump you don't know that
he's gonna be obsessed about a drama
around celebrities and TV and that he is
invariably going to tweet about it hi
Sarah how come you say this may be the
largest mistake you ever made oh please
no and no one cares no one cares she can
go up there and say whatever she wants
if you criticize her you're a terrible
person she and by the way yes women yeah
so but somebody should just play her
comments back to her and go do you now
agree given that the President did spend
his time on that issue rather than
policy that the president thinks that
it's more important you said it wasn't
you said he wouldn't spend his time on
it because it's not as important as
policy do you now agree obviously the
president thinks it's more important
than policy issues like North Korea or
other massive issues that he's got a
concern himself with do you agree that
the president is a child and when he
sees something shiny on TV he can't help
but tweet about it come on I can't
believe she'd made that mistake oh the
president would never stoop to talking
about Roseanne Barr have you met the
president
