this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every year is an
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket dot-com yesterday
authorities in Ukraine had reported that
a Russian journalist who had left Russia
to live in Ukraine for safety had been
murdered now this was a journalist who
had criticized Putin and specifically
went after Putin and some of Russia's
involvement in Syria and so he feared
for his life and left the country and
authorities in Ukraine had reported that
he was found dead in his apartment
Arkady babenco was found in his by his
wife in a pool of blood at their Kiev
apartment on Tuesday evening he had been
shot in the back now just to give you a
sense of how fearless he has been as an
anti-putin journalist he had emerged as
a bitter online critic of Putin and his
government in recent years posting
regular blogs attacking the Kremlin on
his Facebook page he also went into
exile back in 2017 saying he had
received multiple threats to himself and
his family finally he had became the
focus of what he called a campaign of
political intimidation after he wrote a
Facebook post that he neither
sympathized or felt pity for dozens of
members of a Russian army choir who died
in an air crash when they were on route
to Syria back in 2016
so terrible tragic story it broke
yesterday everyone was terrified
everyone was worried about what's going
on of course there has been this pattern
of anti-putin journalists who have been
murdered not only in Russia but in other
countries and so it was a very
believable story until today there was a
twist turns out that Bop Jenko is not
dead he is very much alive
there he is giving a press conference
everyone including his wife thought he
was dead
wow man now everything is a drama
they're like well
Trump won the White House he's a reality
show host let's turn the whole world
into a reality show this is crazy
okay so I've seen this movie where the
guy comes to his own funeral TV shows
now but this is about a super serious
issue I'm not buying this story by the
way okay yeah yeah and so the Ukrainians
have a they claim they have a reason why
they did this and why they lied to the
international press but I have to
confess just as a person who's
fascinated by the news when he comes out
and says you know you thought I was dead
wrong again Bob chenko Wow I didn't see
that coming I didn't see it coming
either the story did break yesterday and
I wanted to cover it and I'm now very
happy that we didn't get an opportunity
to cover it because we would be
spreading this false narrative now okay
what was the reasoning behind faking
this man's death well Ukraine's a
security service said it had staged this
murder in an attempt to foil a Russian
plot to kill Bob chenko the chief of the
security of Ukraine said the operation
had been planned for two months so
they're now saying that they detained a
specific individual who was going after
Bob chenko but there are certain
components of this story that don't make
sense for me so for instance they had
alleged that his wife was the person who
found him in cold blood in his apartment
but his wife apparently didn't know that
this was all fake she thought he was
really dead so what did they was it a
fake dead body in the apartment I don't
know I don't know I'm just asking
questions
a detective kiss Berrien I had not
thought of that right that's a great
mankiewicz like point so we're going to
hear from Bob chenko himself right now
and he is going to specifically address
his wife and apologize to his wife in
just a minute but first I want you to
hear from him in regard to why this all
came about in the first place take a
look no I'm not going to museum to
Piazza
Domitian son Minya positively of course
deal in missions NASA say that
Mississippi Dokic partner portal you can
yield an awesome pool of a pathogen
visited Misha's Marianas regime Adamle
para but religious fully evil opium
result at the Met Office tell a bootable
spits a pure uncut Arabia to see what
each other yet was the pastor re no yes
de telegraaf people to finish the year
yes I'm your shouldn't stop l√≠neas much
solution with the kisana first here many
so yes sir michael honest to some
o'clock man I'd shipped doctor of my
orange like I need a Susan you know
semicolon contrition name to give bully
victim of bullying must stop my body was
me direct a bullish CBO's nature how
much to come so even that portion of the
press conference raised more questions
so you are ready and willing to fake
your own death lie to your own family
members in your wife about your own
death and your you don't even know the
details of what's going on I was told
that this has been going on for like two
months or something people reached out
to me about a month ago about doing this
it's just he's very vague and maybe
that's being done for security purposes
but I felt as though that press
conference wasn't detailed enough to
give the public and understanding of why
faking this man's death was justified so
the Russians are not shy it appears in
killing their opponents and so that's
why it's not an overly surprising story
if you found out that the leader of
Netherlands had had a journalist he
didn't like assassinating you like what
in the world right a Putin it's Tuesday
so look let's keep it real
Apollo sure met a prominent liberal Bell
Russian journalist was killed in a car
bombing
Kyiv 2015 assassination of opposition
leader Boris Nemtsov in Moscow but I can
go on and on and on with the guys with
the bathtubs falling on their heads and
oh well they slipped out of their
balcony and then the bathtub slipped out
of their balcony and hit them and I mean
preposterous preposterous explanations
for deaths of Putin's opponents or
reporters covering in that's why on this
show we've said over and over again some
of the bravest bravest people in the
world are independent Russian
journalists and this guy is taking on
Putin and is it legit that they were
targeting him I don't must be surprised
if they weren't targeting him so that
part of the story
I'm not surprised by and don't doubt at
all
I may be they are have legitimate
security reasons for not giving more
details that is can believe that I can
believe but what I don't believe is that
he was his dead body was discovered by
his wife and then later during this
press conference he said the following
jewish news which is that she does not
know what just occurred on horses whinny
just all the stability region
no stable ninja venir mania was a
personal ad no idea college capacity
Poston on this tour apologies variant of
but what she silica gel bamm-bamm as
artists especially magazine strange yeah
every time that little red light flashes
on him I thought dark and look again III
can't emphasize enough we can't
emphasize enough that there have been
anti-putin journalists who have been
targeted by Putin so doing this there
there there better be a legitimate
reason for doing this because what I
worry about is in the future if and I
hope this doesn't happen other
let's do get targeted and they do get
murdered people are gonna be skeptical
about whether or not that's a real story
is this being fabricated is this another
weird you know Ukrainian plot you know
to save someone's life what's going on
and I I just worry about this whole
narrative but yeah I mean look it's a
government literally pushing fake news
it's not like our governments unfamiliar
with that but then coming out in a press
conference admitting it and then the
guy's alive it's yeah totally agreed
it's a bad precedent let's put it that
way
but it shouldn't take away from the fact
that the guy has done amazing and very
courageous reporting in the past talking
about the horrors of the Russian wars in
Chechnya in the 1990s and he was
originally a soldier himself and what
they've done in Georgia Ukraine and
Syria now and he talks about how you
know those bombs land on kids and though
and he talks about the horrors of the
kids dying and all the other things that
happen in wars by the way our bombs also
land on kids and so any journalist
that's covering that or whether it's an
American government Syrian government
Russian government doing it is a great
ally of truth normally and and fighting
for justice in a lot of ways so I don't
want people to get too upset at this guy
because his track record in the past has
been amazing and it's not an implausible
story that the Russians were looking to
kill him we just it's impossible to know
at this point what's true and not true
that's that's exactly where I stand I'm
skeptical about certain components of
this story and that's that yeah I really
wish they hadn't gotten Bob Django
Unchained but they did and I guess we're
gonna have to live with it now let's go
to break two easy ways for the young
turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
