a New York jury has officially indicted
Harvey Weinstein and the charges include
rape and a criminal sexual act in
connection with allegations by two
separate women now there was drama in
regard to how this indictment came about
Weinstein's attorney is complaining
about how it came about but before I get
to that let me give you more details
about the two women and what he is being
accused of now one of the accusers is a
woman by the name of Lucia Evans she had
said that Weinstein had forced her to
perform oral sex after luring her into
his Tribeca apartment or office I should
say back in 2004 the second woman is
unidentified she does not want to reveal
her identity but her accusations are
also incredibly serious she claims that
he had raped her in 2013 now the
important thing to remember here is that
he is finally going to be you know
brought to trial you know there has to
be evidence proving what happened which
you know based on the number of women
who have come forward and you know his
track record including all of these
female celebrities who have spoken out
against him it's I don't think it'll be
that difficult to find the evidence but
regardless of all that it's it's good to
know that he's finally going to have to
face the justice system now let's talk
about the indictment or how this all
came about
so remember he agreed to surrender turn
himself in last week and in order to do
that they had to kind of negotiate that
deal the terms of that deal of him
surrendering he decided that he would
not testify in front of the grand jury
prior to this indictment and his lawyer
was arguing that the reason why he
wouldn't testify is because he wasn't
given enough time to prepare for it and
that is ridiculous considering the fact
that they had again negotiated the terms
of his surrender he knew exactly what
was coming and this indictment came
several hours after he refused to
testify in front of the grand jury poor
Harvey Weinstein he didn't have enough
time to prepare his case well he could
have been preparing it for decades as he
was molesting us
and potentially allegedly raping women
for all that time the sexual harassment
and assault
according to allegations by dozens of
women have been going on for decades you
could have hired a lawyer backed in and
gotten a ton of time to get ready and
then the idea that this is not enough is
I get it it's his lawyer and he's making
his case for him at the same time and
the court of public opinion it is fairly
infuriating have you ever committed a
crime I hope not but if you did and you
were brought in you remember when you
negotiated the terms of your surrender
right you didn't that's cuz that's not
what happens to regular people that's
what happens to rich people and then
they cry about it anyway so Ben Brafman
is his attorney and he has already given
the media or at least the public some
glimpses of what the defense will be in
the case and if this is true the defense
does not appear to be very strong
Bronfman has already given glimpses of
his defense strategy saying after the
arraignment arraignment that weinstein
did not quote invent the casting couch
in hollywood and that quote bad behavior
doesn't necessarily translate into
criminal acts well it's gonna further in
fury to know why that he's using that as
a legal defense he's gonna say no the
women were asking for it it's the
casting couch that's how they got jobs
that's how they all got jobs and so they
wanted to have the sex so they could
advance their careers so their whole
legal strategy is going to be the smear
the victims and they will do it with
unfortunately great gusto
and so and remember Harvey Weinstein has
a track record of already doing that he
has hired firms that specialize in
investigating and doing opposition
research on women who could potentially
out him as someone who's doing sexual
misconduct so that he had a lot of time
to prepare for cuz he's been sparing
them for years and years and years if
anybody ever popped her head out and
said hey something went wrong here he
would have his dogs at
them and and try to ruin their
reputation it throughout the whole
country and then ruin their careers this
is if even 5% of the allegations are
true and I suspect the number is
massively higher than that he is well
the worst people in the country he if
you didn't do him sexual favors or you
didn't if you even complained about his
rape according to the allegations he
would ruin your life like how dare you
complain about me raping you how dare
you and now his lawyer has the temerity
and again of the lady of time I get it
that's his job he's a high paid lawyer
for a really wealthy man he has the
temerity to come out and go poor Harvey
poor Harvey he hasn't had any
opportunity now let me viciously attack
the people that he is already sexually
assaulted allegedly okay and try to ruin
their lives further so that's how I
guess at the end of the day it's
unsurprising that that would be Harvey
Weinstein's defense strategy which is
show no remorse and go over the top and
try to obliterate everything in your
path two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
