there's one part of your campaign and
the pain surrounding it that we haven't
talked about and we're a week from the
primary so you didn't take a salary mmm
yep so and you're not a wealthy person
you were a teacher and then you took a
pay cut a significant pay cut to work at
Wolf Pack and so what did you do to get
buying these last seven months yeah it's
it's been rough I basically I used up my
savings which which wasn't a lot but I I
was planning to take a vacation because
I haven't had one in years since I did
wolf pack I used to take a nice summer
vacation every year as a teacher but
instead I used it to be able to pay my
bills and make sure that I could hire
staff like that was my goal I had an
option honestly to take a salary for
myself and then hire staff but that
means one even two less people that I
can hire so so I put it in that and then
that ran out so I I pulled all of my
money out of my Roth IRA and and so now
we just gotta get through June 5th
so no savings left that's right so you
know we talked about how there's the
about half the country that can't
survive a four hundred dollar financial
emergency well you got no savings right
yeah
so you're living the 99% sister yep
right yeah and you're right on the edge
there mm-hmm
so I look I know that story I wanted you
guys to know because there's tremendous
sacrifice in this a lot of like the
wealthy politicians pretend that they're
you know doing it for God and country
and that they're going through sacrifice
well they've got like 80 million bucks
in the bank right but this is real
sacrifice and so that's why a lot of
blood sweat and tears into this campaign
and if if you make the final two and go
to the general election on June 5th I
think it'll be worth it
and by the way then you should take a
salary because I don't know I literally
don't know how long you can survive I
can't lie I will have to yeah though I
won't be able to at all yeah but but
guys understand what's wrong with our
political system and why Allison you got
started trying to get money out of
politics through wolf pack in the first
place
how can regular people run yeah and now
and that's just it because like I I want
to show people what's possible for
running a campaign like this and being
successful and I've already done that we
have already done that with justice
Democrats but the reality is most people
can't don't even have the luxuries I've
had which is to be able to move back
home with my parents so that I can make
my savings stretch so that I'm not
paying rent like I was I was I was
paying rent with my parents to be able
to take the salary I did with Wolf Pack
and I was traveling around the country
ten months out of the year anyway so
didn't make sense to pay rent in Orange
County where I think 75% of people in
Southern California can't afford to buy
a home and and we can barely afford rent
anymore either so so that I you know I
was at least able to do that I talked to
my parents about it they were very
supportive of me kind of like tape but
putting a hold on on my rent there but
then you know also having like my
parents try to help out with like food
sometimes too you know but not everybody
has that
and then my and then to have the option
also to pull my money out of my Roth IRA
a lot of people don't even have that
either so so still so many people are
left out of the political process to run
for office and and that is why I mean
I'm gonna fight like hell to get
publicly funded elections because there
are so many incredibly brilliant people
in our working-class communities that we
deserve to have representing us yes
indeed and so right now Allison is in a
statistical tie for second place which
would if she gets second place she moves
on to the general election
can you and then I'm if you get to the
general election
I am so confident that you're gonna be
fine Stein she's so vulnerable she's
such a weak candidate she's so
conservative it yeah well I mean I was
just gonna say I'm sorry to interrupt
you but like you were talking earlier
about when an incumbent pulls under 50%
she is pulling in every single poll
below 40% yeah when you who the
candidate all the candidates she's under
40 she's underwater even when they're
not including all the candidates she's
still under 40% she's in a world of
trouble yeah you just need a strong
progressive to knock her out and and
that would be you and if a progressive
beat Dianne Feinstein living out of her
parents house who cashed in their Roth
IRA and did it on this shoestring budget
with just volunteers nearly 2,000 of
them now it would be a shock wave like
you've never seen before we'd shake the
establishments world
June 5th is election if you live in
California you know anyone who lives in
California yet your family friends
everyone you have got to go vote
primaries matter more than anything else
they really do primaries determine who
we're gonna be able to vote for in the
general and every single day we have
something happening right now so so
don't just vote on June 5th like come
sign up volunteer and and help us every
single day we only have seven days left
isn't that nuts yes and and and what in
the seven months that we've been around
there's more you can do in the next
seven days to make a difference than
anything we've done in the last seven
months because everybody is watching
right now during this week exactly to
call
