for what appears to be the first time
ever this country is now systematically
taking children from their parents at
the border thanks to new directives
issued by the Trump administration news
flash the United States has been very
bad on immigration for a while possibly
because it feels reactionary hatred and
shifts the blame for real economic
inequality solely on the backs of people
trying to come here in pursuit of a
better life just like the most American
thing ever that HHS lost track of nearly
1500 migrant children placed with
sponsors you probably saw this headline
and tweets over the past weekend but let
me clear up some confusion surrounding
it one these children were unaccompanied
minors not separated at the border from
their parents as is the new Trump policy
- they aren't technically lost but
instead released to their relatives some
of those relatives who are also
undocumented which is part of the reason
why I don't pick up the phone when the
government's calling and then their
status is changed - lost and three these
were kids detained under the Obama
administration so I'm not gonna sit here
and defend Democrats either Democrats
and Obama are also guilty of appealing
to the right-wing reactionary
sensibilities with pragmatic compromise
by not abolishing ice but the Trump
administration has doubled down and made
white nationalism the signature goal of
its immigration policies they're not
sending their best they're rapists and
the problem is we're taking an already
cruel system that is seemingly broken
and making it much much worse on purpose
we've successfully shifted from subtle
racism to transparent bigotry if you're
smuggling a child and we're gonna
prosecute you and that child will be
separated from you probably as required
by law here's John Kelly openly
admitting that these people aren't all
criminals ms-13 but they are also not
people that would easily assimilate into
the United States
this policy is purposely cruel and this
is a technique that no one hopes will be
used extensively over very long while
demonstrating that he simply cannot be
bothered to care about the lives of
children the children will be taken care
of to put into foster care whatever and
it turns out that or whatever was
literally military bases or according to
our reporters over at TYT investigates
whatever means continuing to reward
private contractors with a track record
of abuse with millions of dollars in
contracts the transport and detain these
children the whole idea behind Obama's
capture released
was to try and help the children coming
over the border and ensure that they're
not sold off into sex trafficking or
slavery the end of that policy only
opens up the lives of asylum seekers to
more danger being uniquely and
indiscriminately cruel to asylum seekers
and other immigrants even hurting
children and separating them from their
families while also describing them as
animals from shithole countries and then
putting them in military detention as a
deterrent while also trying to detain
people for speaking Spanish or lying
about people's gang affiliations to
arrest them it seems like something
another country did in the past but I
wouldn't dare call us a fascist Nazi
administration I'm just exaggerating
right some of you and you're comfortable
neutrality want to think that Nazi
Germany happened overnight you're wrong
I'm here to tell you that you're wrong
it took years it took normalizing and
dehumanizing the other and then using
them as a scapegoat as a big part of
that process so if you want others to
open their eyes to this cruelty please
share this video with your friends leave
your thoughts in the comment section
below and become a TYT member to support
independent journalism also don't forget
to follow my instagram and sandeep Iker
and for longer takes and updates my
Twitter Tucson the Hun and this has been
the breakdown
