this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm a florida cop is facing
a considerable amount of backlash after
he thought it would be a great idea to
advocate for the death of a survivor of
parkland of the Parkland shootings now
this all came about after some of the
survivors and those who want to protest
for more gun control decided to do a
so-called die in at Publix supermarkets
apparently Publix supermarkets had been
funding a political candidate in the
state of Florida who was also receiving
a ton of money from the NRA and so to
send a message to Publix protesters
would go to some of the stores in
Florida and do body outlines in chalk in
the parking lots in front of grocery
stores well a one police officer by the
name of Brian Valenti who works in Coral
Springs wanted to attack David hog and
he posted the following on Facebook
he said hope some old lady loses control
of her car in that lot just saying and
the comment was posted under a picture
of Hogg and two other never again
activists who want more gun control this
is a cop this is a paid cop this is a
cop who is supposed to protect and serve
saying that he hopes that someone
accidentally runs over one of the
survivors of the parkland shooting so
his commanding officers say that it was
a joke and he didn't mean it but there
will be repercussions because you can't
joke around about that didn't detail
what the repercussions will be yes we
all know was a joke I mean I hope so
that he didn't actually want poor little
old lady lose control of her car run
over teenagers and etc etc we get it was
it a joke I don't know if it was a joke
but you look
no I don't think he it like I don't know
what his true feelings would be if that
actually happened but I don't think he
meant that is like someone please run
them over I can't wait right but at the
same time he's obviously super mad at
them for not getting massacred or
complaining about the massacre of their
friends having the temerity to say maybe
that people shouldn't have guns so they
can kill kids in a school and also by
the way shoot at cops and other school
shootings right but you're a cop and you
think wow yeah great yeah everybody have
guns it'll be great it'll work out
terrific for me and everyone else so
it's obvious that he's opposed to the
kids and he's a cop joking around at a
minimum about killing the kids who
survived the massacre in that area right
so but like the world has gotten so
crazy that I even found this to be a
mild case oh my god there was a TV host
who said that he was gonna stick a hot
poker and David Hogs there's that
another thing there was another cop in
Florida that was reassigned so as we
have such low standards for cops in
America it's amazing like we're so
desensitized to them like gunning down
12-year olds at parks that are playing
with toy guns that this is a mild case
you know and I'm not trying to criticize
you jank this is just a commentary on
how low our standards have become for
cops
where they can write something about
hoping some old lady runs over someone
that they disagree with politically and
we're like yeah he didn't shoot and
killed someone armed person so I guess
doesn't solve that bad and remember some
extreme right-wingers ran over people in
Charlottesville so you might be
particularly sensitive about that joke
but apparently he wasn't but the other
cop that was reassigned was had said
that they're all the kids are crisis
actors okay well look that means that
that cop is crazy
he's absolutely nuts he's not joking etc
saying that the kids are paid actors
that means you've got a lunatic on the
force and in that case they're like oh
well good then we don't want him in this
community let's reassign him to another
community where he'll be a lunatic there
problem solved it happens all the time
so to me that guy is way worse let alone
all the cops who've actually shot
unarmed people and on and on it goes so
when I see this you're right I've become
desensitized I'm like oh he's only
joking about killing kids who survived a
massacre two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
