all right well they under amazing show
for you guys today
good news bad news but mainly bad news
okay the elections are coming up in 12
days that's good news because we have
more information on that that you're
gonna like but the bombs are terrible
and literal bombs yes and in the second
hour richard schiff is going to join us
Toby Ziegler from West Wing now part of
ballers on HBO which I watch and the
good doctor as well okay so he'll join
us for the whole hour in second hour all
right now a couple of hours for you guys
right off the top before we get to all
the important news first of all we're
starting something new which we always
do it's fun okay we're gonna start a
competition among the hosts why I don't
know just make sure that you know what
stressed out enough yeah that's right so
you can stress us out some more yeah I
just kinda want to kick their ass and
see how it turns out oh you're
participating yeah yeah so you know how
we do to you I t.com /join to become a
member
well we're gonna add a wrinkle to it
which is that you could do it by host
it's the same thing you're you the same
membership you don't get a you know
$4.99 one you can get a $10 one if you
want clicking on the higher producer
level ones that's awesome yes who's
gonna add a wrinkle to that wrinkle to
my face from all the stress okay but if
you want to join you could go to one of
our host pages and join from that okay
so we got tea y-t-dot-com slash shank
you see mine is harder to spell it's
with a C it's pronounced like a J that
could throw him for a loop in I'm sure
and is with only one end though okay
John Hasan Francis those are your five
choices right now and you could join
through one of those we might add more
choice as we go along and then we'll
keep a running tab as to who's got more
people are joining on their pages okay
let's move on from the competition part
of this which is ridiculous slash I'm
gonna kick your ass but
okay this is actually really like this
idea because you're gonna get specific
content that relates to our particular
passions in the news right
so with John you're probably gonna get I
don't know how to paint figurines
content oh by the way he posted on his
Instagram account um some a picture of a
figurine that he painted oh that was his
it's amazing
that was his that's amazing alright but
no but in all seriousness you're gonna
get political content in the future
there might be some additional features
that could include some interaction I
don't know I think it's a great idea I
really like it yeah we're just getting
started we're just getting snow warms up
here for now it's just a way to join and
by supporting one of the hosts just a
you know a guess on a little bit but
like Anna said we'll add some more
content to it etc and John does
figurines and pies and it does
woodworking I drop elbows 24/7 okay I'm
not saying you should join through tea
y-t-dot-com sashenka
I'm just saying alright by the way just
to remind you guys we've launched a lot
of things this week you've got the
standard to y-t-dot-com /join that you
could always do that's the easy way to
become a member get 18 of our shows
that's a lot of shows let's like a
progressive Netflix okay you get them
all commercial-free okay well if you're
already a member
earlier this week we launched TYT calm
slash upgrade and what that allows you
to do is upgrade your membership and get
a couple of extra benefits by doing that
and Plus you support strong home and
progressives independent programming you
could also send the gift of membership
to people you know I hopefully a little
bit of enlightenment and truth for them
and it also helps to show to you why
t.com slash gift and finally if you just
want to do a donation out of the
goodness of your heart bless your heart
again we are a rock for progressives and
if you want to support that tea
y-t-dot-com /e yes is an easy way to
just contribute a little bit okay so we
hope you'll participate in all that and
especially to y-t-dot-com slash shank it
has begun
okay Casper you wanted to say something
yes I did today will unfortunately be
the last day that one of our associate
producers will be with us her name is
Esther Lee you might have seen her in
some of the ads during the commercial
breaks and when she told me that she was
leaving because she has a new job
opportunity to be quite honest with you
guys I cried because I love her and she
does great work so I just wanted to give
her a shout out and thank her for
helping us so much with the show
she's been an excellent producer there
isn't a single negative thing that could
possibly say about her and best of luck
to Esther in her future that's super
sweet
I didn't tell me she was doing that so
now she seems like the better person and
all of a sudden you're gonna go to TYT
I'm sorry Anna Esther we love you and we
appreciate all your hard work that you
put in for all these for all this time
with us and you're gonna do amazing
stuff going forward obviously all right
let's get started
and now with unfortunately a disastrous
news yeah all right
one day following news that a bomb was
sent to the New York home of George
Soros we have learned that a number of
other bombs have been sent to prominent
Democratic figures and also to the New
York Bureau of CNN so one of the bombs
was sent to representative Wasserman
Schultz that's Debbie wasserman-schultz
and this was confirmed by the FBI they
said that it was a suspicious package
also the New York Police Department
responded to a suspicious device
discovered in the Time Warner Center in
New York City where CNN has a bureau and
there was another package that was
addressed to former CIA director John
Brennan now luckily these packages for
the most part were intercepted through
by law enforcement or through Secret
Service there was also a device sent to
the home of the Clintons the device was
found in the mail room and it's similar
to the ones addressed to Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama and George Soros so there's
I mean it's hard to keep track there
have been so many of these
packages sent to so many people the
Clintons Barack Obama George Soros as we
had reported yesterday former CIA
director John Brennan CNN and also
representative Wasserman Schultz so at
the moment we don't know anything about
any potential suspects but we do have
some some evidence showing that it is
likely coming from one person or at
least one group of people according to
law enforcement the initial examination
found the time-warner Clinton and Soros
devices were constructed similarly at
least one of the devices appeared to
contain projectiles including shards of
glass the devices are rudimentary but
functional now we have gotten some
reaction from the White House which I'll
get to in just a minute but jank jumping
okay so obviously huge speculation as to
who did it I I'm not in the camp of like
oh we shouldn't speculate until 17 weeks
later and when we discover who it is
there are logical answers here and but
of course with the caveat oh you don't
fully know so gee I wonder who
encourages violence all the time and is
there a pattern to who it was sent I
mean are we is that a real conversation
are rational intelligent human beings
having that conversation it's there were
obviously sent the top Democrats and
people considered to be liberal
boogeyman like George Soros CNN etc now
I don't think CNN is in fact liberal at
all but but certainly the right-wing
thinks that there's now conspiracy
theory out of course by the right-wing
aided and abetted by Rush Limbaugh Fox
News Magga etcetera saying that oh it's
obviously a false flag operation oh
great so let's incite further violence
or or you know upset people even more
and create more division in the country
I mean these guys are just ruthless and
they just don't care they don't care
about the safety of anyone and and mind
you these bombs are being sent to people
like Barack Obama and the Clintons
George Soros do you think that they're
the ones who open the mail
I mean it's likely that someone who
works for them or a member of Secret
Service is gonna get to that package
first and then what happens if it
detonates I mean it's horrible no matter
what obviously but I mean it's just such
a ridiculous act of violence and to
share that ridiculous commentary about
how it's a conspiracy theory just
further insights people know because so
that's the look just first logically
speaking really there's a Democrat who
risked blowing up Barack Obama Hillary
Clinton George Soros etc but that was a
risk they were willing today good like
our because there's charts of glass and
nails and everything else now it is set
to explode I mean that most of it was
intercepted because CNN's a giant
building they Wolf Blitzer doesn't open
the mail at CNN right and and Obama
doesn't open his own mail he's a former
president right but you think a Democrat
was gonna take the chance of blowing up
those people I mean what a preposterous
thing to say and the only reason they
say it is because of politics and plus
they know that their own followers are
all conspiracy theorists so they're all
glorified Alex Joneses so they say what
why not
so who likely did it obviously a
right-wing extremist very very very
likely did it okay because of who the
targets are it's not complicated so
let's not have a childish conversation
about who is inciting this violence so
on the one hand he of the left wing who
was being called a mob non-stop on Fox
News for practicing their First
Amendment rights and calling out
politicians when they're in public
spaces some people have gone a little
too far as we've talked about you know
the situation with Mitch McConnell where
someone threw his leftovers into the
sidewalk but as far as I'm concerned you
can't equate throwing someone's
leftovers on the street or sidewalk to
an individual sending bombs yeah look
people one side is doing talking and yes
a little bit of yelling that is core
First Amendment from the end there Fox
News guys are like oh the thing we care
most about I mean I just had debate with
Terry Carlson he said the number one
issue cares most about is freedom of
speech and then guys are actually
speaking to government officials it
doesn't get any more chorus
and free speech is out there like mob
mob other guys are sending bombs they're
sending bombs okay so that's what it
looks like right now it turns out many
weeks later we find out that it was a
left we all come out and lambaste
destroy pulverize the anyone who sent
that bomb and tell you exactly who would
get it and of course we're gonna tell
you who did it but is it logical that it
is all right of course it's logical that
it's a right-winger look at the targets
so now look one of the questions i asked
earlier in today's social media is are
we gonna at least call it what it is and
and maybe it's because the media was
also targeted if finally people are
calling it terrorism now the reality is
71% of the people killed in terrorist
acts in the last decade in America were
killed by right-wing extremists and time
after time after time
lone wolf not terrorism just an extreme
person a mentally deranged person I mean
they they have a political agenda they
state their political agenda they have
manifestos they have flags they have
killed cops all this stuff right no no
it's not terrorism it's not terrorism
what it's a Muslim terrorism terrorism
suppose them it's a Muslim right know
when you do a bombing and you intend to
blow people up and you do it for a
political cause that's terrorism
otherwise stop using the word so like I
said though in this case most people
including Republican politicians like
Marco Rubio and others are at least
using the word terror and that is what
it is and and if it turns out it's a
right-winger again incredibly likely
that it is who incited it like then the
right-wing say they need a safe space
because we said Trump in the right-wing
keep inciting violence the guy goes and
says at his speeches oh where you should
bodyslam reporters mm-hmm he says the
reporters are the enemy of the people is
that complicated
he says punch people in the face I'll
pay your legal bills gee I wonder was
inciting the violence he says that
people are coming to infest our country
and they're paid by George Soros gee I
wonder what God how they got the idea in
their head to put a bomb in George Soros
house they say
lock her up you should lock Hillary
Clinton up she's the enemy as she's a
criminal
gee I wonder how they got the idea to
bomb Hillary Clinton the media is the
enemy of the people yes all of that and
so they have been inciting this violence
and it is massive from the right wing
and it is consistent from the right wing
to equate those two is absolute
malpractice its journalistic malpractice
and so I don't care what they scream on
Fox News they're a bunch of liars on Fox
News and they do it for their own agenda
and propaganda we have bombs therein
they be sent to liberals and Democrats
and it's because the right-wing keeps
saying over and over again they are the
enemy of the people and you have to do
something about it right away and so
apparently somebody decide to do
something about it and so I hope they
catch the guy as soon as possible no
matter who he is because whatever it
winds up being it is abhorrent and this
is unraveling man I mean we first
started with the rhetoric and the
right-wing kept telling us oh no don't
worry about we're just having fun we're
having fun talking about smashing
reporters and and hurting them and
assaulting they were having fun we're
having fun right
Oh Soros is evil and he secretly
controls us and he's gotta be stopped
we're having fun we're having fun oh now
we're at bombs are we still having fun
no we're not having fun this is an
absolute disaster absolutely caused by
the right-wing and their dangerous
violent non-stop rhetoric since Trump is
the honestly the driving force in the
division and the rhetoric that we're
experiencing in the country right now
it's curious to hear what he has to say
about all this is he going to strongly
condemn what's happening with these
bombs that are being sent to various
liberals and democratic political
figures well he did speak about this at
a press conference there are several
portions that I want to show you let's
start with the first I'd like to begin
today's remarks by providing an update
on the suspicious packages and devices
mailed to current and former
high-ranking government officials the
safety of the American people
is my highest and absolute priority I
have just concluded a briefing with the
FBI
Department of Justice Department of
Homeland Security and the u.s. Secret
Service as we speak
the packages are being inspected by top
explosive experts and a major federal
investigation is now underway the full
weight of our government is being
deployed to conduct this investigation
and bring those responsible for these
despicable acts to justice we will spare
no resources or expense in this effort
okay he's reading form a prompter and
let me explain why that's relevant all
presidents read from prompters that's
not the big deal
but Trump often does not read it from a
prompter so he's reading from one there
why because his aides know oh my god do
not let him off the cuff okay because
what's he gonna say he's gonna say
there's good people on both sides right
so they're like okay hey knucklehead
make sure you say it is terrible and
dangerous okay and he's a well-known
coward so he might saying like well I
mean my guys are bombing maybe they'll
bomb me and okay wait wait this is
important and dangerous right but no but
you're the guy who said after there was
a shooting in a press room and in
Maryland you continued called a the
press the enemy of the people
and then Khashoggi was murdered he's a
columnist for The Washington Post he was
dismembered and beheaded and then you
went out and gave a speech saying it was
great that gyah 40 a Republican
congressman body-slammed a reporter and
has viciously assaulted him right and
you know you celebrated that at a rally
just last week and now you turn around
like oh my golly gee there's violence in
the country man we're on it we're on it
so you know with any other US president
what he said in that statement was
perfectly fine but for Trump to say that
the safety of Americans is his highest
and absolute priority is laughable
because of all the reasons you just
listed right now I mean he has given a
nod and a wink toward violence over and
over
he did it during his campaign where he
said that you know he would pay for the
legal bills or fees if someone had gone
after a trump protester with one of his
voters or supporters had done so just
last week as you mentioned the Jean fort
a comment about body slamming reporters
I mean over and over again you hear
violent rhetoric from Trump and it has
emboldened others to speak this way
about the other side about the other
political side and this non-stop
fear-mongering that we see when it comes
to migrants when it comes to anyone that
they consider their opponents that does
have an impact especially when you
consider the fact that you know tempers
are out of control right now and we also
have like severe mental health issues
that go untreated in this country
because of our ridiculous health care
system and so when you speak the way
that you do Trump people listen and if
someone's unhinged enough to buy into
your nonsense they might act on it and
that's what we're seeing right now so he
called the left of violent mob for
actually asking for their government to
do better okay like wow how dare you
talk to government officials without a
check in your hand and if you're not a
lobbyist man you're a violent mob and
then the care men violent mob not
something that violent mob so what does
that do it gets people going oh well
then I gotta stop their violence right
even though that violence that doesn't
actually exist and then remember what he
said in one of the rallies hey in the
good old days when someone spoke up like
this we took him out on a stretcher well
Donald Trump congratulations if the
bombs had gone off you would have taken
people out on stretchers then remember
one of the tweets that got a lot of
attention early on in his presidency was
when he showed that you know video of
CNN you know getting body slammed by a
wrestler and and I mean he keeps
spreading this message of violence and
division over and over again it has an
impact the fish head in the fish rots
from the head down I mean when when
right-wing white supremacists and
neo-nazis killed someone in
Charlottesville
remember they actually put 30
the hospital guy ran over 30 people and
killed one Trump came out and said well
there's good people on both sides
unbelievable and then oh what good golly
gee I wonder where the violence came
from I can't quite tell I wonder if the
president encouraged it yes he most
definitely encouraged it over and over
and over again so if you're a right
winger please spare me your stupid
disingenuous tears about whom I got up
could you say that we're so triggered
how could you say that it's Donald
Trump's fault and it's our fault for
constantly asking for violence well you
do ask for violence and now you've
received it congratulations
so that wasn't the entirety of his
statement I want to go to the next video
where he talks about the importance of
unifying I just want to tell you that in
these times we have to unify we have to
come together and send one very clear
strong unmistakable message that acts or
threats of political violence of any
kind have no place in the United States
of America
of any kind except all the kinds that
you encouraged over and over and over
again alright let's go to the next story
alright although a number of bombs have
been sent to prominent political
Democratic figures and liberals
including George Soros Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama and representative Debbie
wasserman-schultz the House Republican
campaign committee has decided that it
was a good idea to release a new ad
invoking radical George Soros again we
learned about the bomb that was sent to
his home in New York yesterday but
nonetheless they have decided to put out
these ads let's take a look at the first
one video fourteen I owe nothing to any
leader Andy corporation what a joke look
at who finances Dan viens employer
radical George Soros Wall Street's the
biggest banks a crooked lobbyist tied to
Pelosi they paid thien's bills and fund
his campaign because feels a Pelosi
liberal supports tax hikes more debt
amnesty even government-controlled
health care i'll nothin nonsense
liberals only feein he'll never be for
you
NRC sees responsible for the content of
this advertising they sent that and ran
that ad full well knowing that sources
house had already received a bomb they
acknowledge that and and then he said
the and the National Republican campaign
committee spokesperson said attempted
violence against mr. Soros or any wells
or anyone else's repugnant and we
condemn it in the strongest possible
terms but this ad is entirely factual
and is in no way a personal attack you
call the but you said radical George
Soros has bought this guy and he's gonna
work for him but in no way is it an
attack against George Soros so we
condemn link the violence against George
Soros but if you'd like to send another
bomb to the radical who well you know
have at it Hoss but us did we do it that
is unreal that they ran that ad after
the bomb
well they ran two ads after the bomb
let's take a look at the second one
pre-madonna athletes protesting our
anthem left-wing mobs paid to riot in
the streets billionaire George Soros
bankrolls the resistance and Dan feein
fans employed by a Soros funded liberal
outfit in DC his campaign propped up by
out-of-state super PACs backed by Soros
millions so when you see fee and pushing
government-run health care higher taxes
amnesty just remember the left own spean
he'll never be for you
NRCC is responsible for the content of
this advertising so my mistake that was
actually an ad that they released last
week oh well maybe that makes sense
because in that ad it shows a
left-winger throwing a bomb and saying
it's Soros is fault and then the next
week Soros receives a bomb back and then
not totally unrepentant they run another
ad saying yes radical George Soros good
job good job
radical George Soros go get him go get
him look at that they had an ad in the
they had a thing in that ad say showing
left wingers so-called mobs throwing
bombs they'd have left will you ever
throw a mob bomb in any of the protests
no never
the worst that it got was an Tifa by the
way that is short for anti-fascist
through a water bottle at a proud boy in
New York when two knuckleheads sides
started fighting having nothing new with
politicians and nothing new with
Democrats a water bottle okay now the
other side's throws bombs and then they
blame the left-wing for violence and
they specifically target George Soros
before and after the bomb there unreal
okay I got one more so Brad Pascal who
is running the non-existent Trump 2020
campaign he'll never make it there in my
opinion but anyway he they're collecting
hundreds of millions of dollars then I
get a load of that irony by the way
you're evil George Soros is financing
PETA how about the hundred million
dollars you guys collected already for a
campaign that doesn't even exist and is
two years away right from all those
donors okay so a pass parse Kel sent out
a fundraising email targeting CNN after
the bombings
after the bomb yeah hold on I'm there is
a caveat there an important caveat but
listen to what the email said it's time
for us to give the media another wake-up
call from the American people now he
comes out and says well look my bad my
mistake that was set on auto send okay
it was a pre-programmed automated
message so first of all at a bare
minimum
you didn't think hey a bomb went off in
CNN oh right we had an email going out
saying how you should pretty much attack
CNN maybe I should make sure that an
email doesn't go out right no you're the
campaign manager of a campaign that
doesn't even exist
you don't anything to do all day some
pleasure donors so and send out these
horrible hideous emails so you got one
sitting saying no your wake-up call on
CNN you saw they got a bomb you didn't
stop the email now he comes out and he
says oh and it was pre-programmed
automated message and quote they don't
condone violence against CNN or anyone
except for when your president was
saying while CNN was in the building and
pointing at CNN saying oh I love
politicians who body-slamming violently
assault reporters and then of course
there was that I look I didn't think the
WWE thing was a big deal where he
clotheslines the CNN thing okay but in
the context of everything else now I
think maybe he did encourage people
right and and constantly talking about
how the press has enemy of the people
and then his campaign manager has the
gall to say we don't condone violence
against CNN or anyone and what do mean
anyone you Trump says that almost every
rally assault someone and I'll pay your
legal bills he specifically points out
the media covering his rally in the back
and antagonize ha's them and that's what
his voters love that's what they
expected his rallies he does it every
single time one other thing that I
wanted to point to just to show you how
effective repeated speech like this is
in influencing people to act a certain
way remember he's the President of the
United States so people do take him
seriously and if he advocates for things
and if
he thinks certain things are okay others
are gonna think well the leader of the
country thinks this is okay so why can't
I do it so let me give you an example
not related to these bombs it's a story
that we didn't get a chance to do
yesterday because we ran out of time
there was a man who got arrested in a
Southwest flight and he was groping a
female passenger while she was sleeping
and so she immediately went to a flight
attendant as soon as they landed he got
arrested and he reportedly told the cops
that well the president says it's okay
to grab women by the genitals so why
can't I do that do you think that
everyone that goes to Trump's rallies
and listens to him and believes him has
a really high IQ to think that would it
would indicate that you don't have a
very high IQ so even if it's look even
if it's any politician Obama Pelosi
Schumer Cruz Trump it doesn't matter
there's a certain percentage of people
who are very low IQ and then are their
supporters and if you tell them to do
something they might actually do it they
might not think you're joking or that
hey it's he's hypothetically telling me
to assault reporters he's hypothetically
telling me that George Soros is super
evil and radical and I didn't we should
do something about it right but no a lot
of them will believe you and among Trump
supporters I would argue that he has a
much higher percentage of low IQ people
who have weapons and are prone to
violence and for Trump to irresponsibly
aggressively and over and over again
repeatedly to say violence violence
violence is the answer carry him out on
stretchers hit him I'll pay you assault
reports and a point to CNN okay and and
one of the guys at the rally many of
them were yelling at Jim Acosta they
said or one of them did it I'm gonna
slit your throat action now Trump didn't
necessarily see that but it was in the
news the next day so Trump could come
out on any one of those days could do a
press conference he loves to talk to the
press right he could do an interview and
say hey listen guys I'm kidding around
don't actually assault a reporter I mean
that would be the bare minimum he could
do right
I saw that or somebody told me about the
cutting the throat sign that's terrible
it's totally unacceptable look I love my
supporters but I don't want you to get
carried away never ever ever should you
do what he never says that he never says
that so today what the most disingenuous
oh by the way and it's in a prompter I
am told that I'm supposed to say we do
not condone violence that's funny I
condone it every day anyway oh and I am
for unity I'm not for unity I'm for
killing others taking the other side's
ass and bashing them and smashing them
and assaulting them give him a couple
days oh that's like much like any other
controversy where he starts off by being
careful he starts off by reading the
script and he follows the orders of his
aides he later goes off script speaks
off-the-cuff and says some of the most
hideous things you could ever imagine
like one example is just what happened
with the Cavanaugh hearings right I
don't he started off by being and and we
gave him credit for that he started off
by being careful he appeared to be
respectful toward dr. Blasi Ford and
then later boom I goes off-script starts
mocking her makes fun of her at a rally
and has everyone there laughing at her
just a matter of time so that's right he
read from a prompter carefully written
script because they know the idiot does
not can't go off script because he'll
say something monstrous and does not
have the intelligence to be able to put
the other two sentences actually
condemning the violence and doesn't have
it in his heart so just a matter of time
before you're right he'll say well dude
there's bombers on all sides there's
good people on all sides
there's bombers on all sides it's really
the left wings fault and by the way
remember he's the conspiracy theorist in
chief
he's the one who started the Barack
Obama birther conspiracy he believes in
like non-stop conspiracies ago he went
on Alex Jones Show said it was a
fantastic show his son Don jr. all
constantly tweets about conspiracies so
do you think it's gonna take long for
him to join Rush Limbaugh Fox News host
and Twitter guys that are today talking
about oh yeah it's it's a false flag
operation Oh Donald Don jr. probably is
going
think about a day to do it Donald Trump
senior will probably take two days
before they join the false flag
operation conspiracy theory right and
then blame the left for getting bogged
get a load of that they will blame the
left they're doing it right now they
will blame the left for potentially
getting murdered amazing so wait for it
from Trump but it has already begun from
all the supporters in fact when we come
back we're gonna talk about that we'll
show you so you can see it with your own
eyes all the right winger is beginning
to say it was the left's fault for
getting bombed okay when we come back we
hope you're enjoying this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to get the
whole show and more exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT comm slash join
today in the meantime enjoy this free
second all right back on a Young Turks
all right we've got unfortunate got more
on the bombs let me tell you about it
sorry yeah we'll do your comments a
little bit later in the show okay so
let's go to me okay so we've got bombs
now that went to George Soros House bill
Bill and Hillary Clinton's house Barack
Obama's CNN John Brennan Debbie
wasserman-schultz etc so obviously
targeting liberals and Democrats most
obviously in the world those although
those people are Trump critics John
Brennan is specific is an interesting
one because he's not particularly
liberal even but he is a very vocal
Trump critic and so these are all sent
to people on that side so of course just
a matter of time before the right wing
starts a conspiracy theory that the left
wanted to be bombed that it was actually
the left bombing to the left because
yeah people love being murdered that's
such a great idea right the bombs are
real there's shrapnel and glass etc
they're set to explode
thank God they haven't exploded because
they said people like Barack Obama who
is Secret Service protection okay and
CNN which has a lot of precautions etc
so thank God none of them went off so of
course here comes the Magra guys on
Twitter I saw that headline I didn't
even read this story I'm like yeah right
wing is on Twitter of course they're
gonna say so Paul's like they're
lunatics that's not at all surprising
but there's actually a bunch of
prominent
in here it's not just random dudes and
then today here they come
rush limbaugh and Fox News I'm gonna get
to those guys in a second let me read
you some of the tweets that if there's
way too many to read but here the
persistence rights first George Soros
now Hillary Clinton these suspicious
packages are false Flags hashtag
Clinton's hash tag Wednesday wisdom oh
that's a lot of wisdom there on
Wednesday and hash tag the Clintons so
is that I guess the theory is the
Clintons want to bomb themselves okay
all right fascinating Curt Schlichter
right guy who's fairly well known in
conservative circles now I'm really sure
it's a hoax of course you are Frank
Gaffney a well-known monster a bigoted
guy who is invited to most conservative
outings sometimes banned from
conservative outings but often welcome
runs a whole think-tank let's look at
what he's thinking about today
he writes none of the leftist ostensibly
targeted for pipe bombs are actually a
serious risk since security details
would be screening their mail so let's
determine not only who was responsible
for the these bombs but whether they
were trying to deflect attention from
the left's mom okay no not from the
left's mobs okay which party which group
which ideology led to the murderer of a
protester was it the left or was it
these right-wing white nationalists who
decided to do a nazi march in
Charlottesville Virginia because that's
what led to the death of someone on the
Left okay you want to talk about violent
mobs I mean it's unbelievable it's
unbelievable how they spin things and
deflect all the blame and you know
toward liberals see some of the top
Democrats and liberals in the country
we're about to be killed so you see how
it's the left's fault I mean if you
sounds like a joke it sounds like an
onion article right but they're not
joking here's Michael Flynn jr. a son of
Michael Finn former national security
adviser Donald Trump he writes awfully
suspicious timing between this and
sorrows hash tag just saying yeah you
moron one guy
it appears or one group sent bums to all
the top Democrats and liberals in
in his mind and Trump critics at the
same time uh-huh
so it must be the left well I thought
Soros funded everything on the left
did he fund his own bombing I need but
logic is irrelevant to these people one
more from Michael Flynn jr. he says
folks delete a few tweets not all
related to this ongoing craziness I
don't know if it's a false flag however
I hate the timing as it provides a
perfect narrative for the Democrats
going into the midterms okay so he
apparently said worse things in the
deleted tweets but is now fairly
convinced that it's a false flag
operation time to the midterms or maybe
your side are a bunch of lunatics and
conspiracy theorists and egged odd other
lunatics until they decided they had to
take action in the form of bombings it's
seventy one percent of the extremist
murders in this country in the last
decade are by right-wingers so it
wouldn't be out of character at all you
know how many are done by left-wing and
all other groups so seventy-one percent
are right-wing twenty six percent are
Muslim extremists in this country which
is terribly disproportionate so plenty
of blame for Muslim extremists right so
what's left three percent for leftist
and all other groups seventy one percent
for the right-wing Chi I wonder if it's
50/50 or if it's a left that's the mob
no it is consistently and empirically
the right-wing okay so here comes Rush
Limbaugh let's listen the Republicans
just don't do this kind of thing even
though every event like mass shootings
remember every mass shooting there is a
Democrats in the media try to make
everybody think right off the bat that
some tea partier did it or some talk
radio fan did it or some Fox News viewer
did it turns out it's never ever the
case not one of these bombs went off and
if a Democrat operatives purpose here is
to make it look like hey you know there
are mobs everywhere the demands are not
just Democrat mobs I mean look at this
you've got people here trying to try to
harm CNN and Obama and Hillary and Bill
Clinton and Debbie blabbermouth
I just did it might serve a purpose here
and by the way guess what's also not in
the news now and that's the the other
mob that's finding its way north through
Mako attempting to crash the US border
at or near Election Day that story is
off there's only so much you can say
about this incident until we have more
information about it speculating would
be fun but since we condemn all bombs
here at the EIB Network we don't want to
go too far down this road we just want
to go a little bit down this road and
speculate about how it was the left wing
that wanted a bomb itself we don't go
too far down this road
he mentioned none of them went off as if
whoever sent this sent these bombs
intended for them to not go up the
reason why they didn't go off is because
they were intercepted by authorities who
then detonated the bomb safely that they
were set to go off but they were
intercepted they they actually exploded
so when made they detonated him
yeah the shrapnel on the glasses that
earth flew out like it was intended to
do so thank God nobody got injured now
let's turn around for a second imagine
if Rush Limbaugh had received a bomb in
his house no for God's sake don't ever
ever anybody do that right but he's
doing this thing of like oh it's no big
deal right if rush limbaugh and Mitch
McConnell Donald Trump etc and Mark
Levin or Laura Ingraham had received
bombs do you think Rush Limbaugh would
come out and go I'm a real he didn't
even go up what's the big deal I got a
bomb in my house but it didn't go off
ain't gonna kill me he doesn't have kids
but he could have killed people's kids
but it didn't go up it could it went off
later but who cares do you think you
would have said that or do you think you
would have said I know it the left-wing
violence the mob we're gonna murder us
all they're all terrorists you know
that's what he would have said and by
the way if you sent a bomb to Rush
Limbaugh etc yeah you'd be a terrorist
it doesn't matter what your political
affiliation is by definition you said
bombs to people you're a goddamn
terrorist and I like how he flippantly
said they're like the EIB Network
we condemn all bombs well how mighty
Christian of you thank you what a
concession and and then if you notice
one person will receive the bomb was
Debbie wasserman-schultz
and he called her blabbermouth Schultz
look I don't like to every Washington
Michels politics either this is not the
day to call her blabbermouth Schultz
when someone likely on your side was
trying to blow her up it could have
blown up what a staffer or one of her
kids and yeah let's make fun of her in
Mexico I mean just when you think they
can't get any lower
can I read a headline from Politico that
I just got a notification for president
Trump has been accused of recklessly
inciting hate and anger today however he
spoke against political violence
oh well 50/50 50/50 after the bombs he
once spoke against reckless violence
although other times he encouraged it
but we're calling it 50/50 today I mean
that headline and headlines matter most
people don't read the full article they
don't read the nuances they don't even
care to look into the nuances they read
the headline they read a few paragraphs
maybe a few sentences and that's it and
and finally Fox News doesn't wanna get
outdone by these guys they're like oh
there's monsters on Twitter there's
monsters on the radio hold my beer so
here comes that Fox's analyst we start
we're starting to see a pattern we are
already seeing a little bit of a pattern
but you know yeah of course they're
gonna be looking at this as a potential
terrorist terrorist motive whether it's
on one side or the other and as you
correctly pointed out earlier this
doesn't necessarily mean that someone
has you know is espousing some sort of
conservative ideology and targeting
Democrats it could be someone who's
trying to get the Democratic vote out
and incur sympathy so it you know it
could go either way
and that's why we always caution against
that speculative and I understand you
know why investigators say well we want
to start and if arrows are pointing in
one direction kind of follow that but
they could be the same facts for
different reasons as you're pointing out
oh yeah you could go you're right I bet
if Fox News had received a bomb at their
headquarters like CNN did and Trump had
received the bomb and and some of their
hosts had received bombs they say L
could go either way
left-wing mob you know we would never
blame them they blame left-wing mobs
that don't even exist they blame them
for violence that doesn't exist because
they yelled at Mitch McConnell or they
yelled about Kavanagh at the Supreme
Court door they're like they they raised
their voice the reserve was mob violence
is in her but I bet if they received a
bomb they'd say oh no no it could go
either way here's a former FBI assistant
director Chris whacker
I heard that B I was totally liberal
what happened anyway so Chris whacker
comes out and then harris faulkner
melissa france they're like oh that's
such an interesting point it might have
been the Democrats who did it come on
okay so there you go there's the
right-wing in full display instead of
saying my god I can't believe there was
a bombing or the bombs were sent to
these officials and of course they put
out polite statements Fox News does the
center
we condemn bombings they're a bad thing
oh thank you I appreciate it
and then they turn around and go get on
there and blame the Democrats i say
unreal but unfortunately it's very real
and it's persistent and they never
stopped doing it so there you go the
monsters amidst us okay all right we
gotta take a break speaker monsters
when we come back Ted Cruz
