thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the FBI
investigation into Brett Cavanaugh has
concluded as we all know but there could
be another investigation and this is
based on a letter that was sent by Chief
Justice John Roberts he is requesting an
ethics investigation of Brett
Cavanaugh's behavior and conduct during
his confirmation hearing now
Chief Justice John Roberts requested the
10th US Circuit Court of Appeals to
review more than a dozen ethics
complaints related to judge Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation hearing conduct
now this all has to do with basically
complaints that were sent into the the
court and it's not about his conduct as
a judge it's all about the way that he
behaved during these hearings the US
Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit received a number of
complaints relating to his testimony
before the Senate judge Karen la Kraft
Henderson reviewed the complaints
Henderson determined that some concerns
were insubstantial
but more than a dozen warranted further
investigation so at that point Chief
Justice John Roberts gets involved and
decides to take action Roberts who was
actually appointed by President George W
Bush noted that he was transferring the
complaints of the 10th circuit courts
Chief Judge Timothy Tim Kovac which is
very relevant I'll tell you why in just
a second the relocation to another
circuit was motivated by quote concerned
that local disposition may weaken public
confidence in the process so he's very
much concerned about the public's
perception of the Supreme Court and the
reason why I say that Judge Timothy Tim
Kovac is is relevant here is because
he's also on Trump's short list for
Supreme Court nominees and so if he's
going to be in charge of you know doing
something about these ethics complain
I would argue and this is just my
interpretation that it is highly
unlikely that he's gonna do anything
about it but who knows we'll see gee if
you're trying to get on the Supreme
Court do you think it's a good idea to
conclude that the current right winger
that just got a point of the Supreme
Court was deeply unethical not likely
the answer that you're gonna get out of
this gentleman so but the part that is
equally troubling if not more so is that
Roberts sat on it for weeks so they gave
it to him and he had those complaints
and normally if it has been brought to
the Supreme Court they're supposed to
take action immediately Roberts being
deeply political decided not to because
he wanted another right wing around the
court so after Cavanaugh is confirmed
and it's entirely irrelevant he then
goes okay now I'll do something about it
and then I'll assign it to a guy who is
very very likely to rule in our favor
I'm surprised he didn't start half a
week FBI investigation I just wish
everyone received this kind of treatment
when they were being investigated oh
yeah yeah so when it comes to the
powerful hand kids gloves so Obama about
the bank said we don't look backwards so
we look forwards mm-hmm
when you commit a crime just tell the
cops hey don't look backwards I did that
crime in the past you look forward right
and and of course Trump likewise in the
case of Cavanaugh
Wow do you really want us to investigate
it how about we do just have a week to
try that if you're arrested for armed
robbery say can you just do only a
limited scope investigation and only
talk to the people that I want you to
talk to okay see how that turns out for
you yeah and you know you just said it
but I really want to emphasize it for
clarity this is not a partisan issue
right this is the powerless versus the
powerful doesn't matter if it's a
Democrat in charge or Republican in
charge there are double standards in the
way these investigations are handled if
it is someone in a position of power
you're right kids gloves
someone who is in a lower socioeconomic
status has absolutely no power is not up
for an incredibly important role in the
US government well we just know we just
know that there's unequal treatment
depending on who you are and what kind
of power you yield Eric Holder a
Democratic appointed attorney general
said that the bankers were too big to
jail well that must be nice are you too
big to jail no but you don't have that
much power and money right and in this
case last thing is when you're brought
into court make sure you ask for the
judge you want okay and say hey I'd like
to have this proceeding when it's
convenient for me okay after it's
irrelevant that's when I would like you
to try me and make sure that you pick my
buddy to try me
see how that works out for you gee I
wonder if we have a two-tier justice
emmitt system in this country can't
quite tell two easy ways Folio interests
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
