our team of reporters at TYT broke a
story regarding the office of refugee
resettlement and how the government has
given pretty lucrative contracts to
organizations that detain undocumented
children now the big question here
though is are these government contracts
worth it and are they being given to the
right corporations that do their jobs in
a lawful way it appears that that is not
the case with at least four of these
corporations so let's get into the
details of that according to the
reporting by Alex Koch the US government
has paid at least four private companies
that have been accused of physical or
sexual abuse or discrimination to help
transport or house undocumented children
from Central and South America so who
are these contractors what have they
done the contractors include three
shelters and one company involved in
transporting detained children the
companies have won contracts worth tens
of millions of dollars that's taxpayer
money complaints against them range from
as far back as 2001 to as recently as
this year so I'm gonna give you specific
details that really stood out to me on
two of these corporations there's the
Shilo treatment center in Texas it
received over 9.1 million dollars in
unaccompanied alien children in this
unaccompanied alien children program HHS
contracts that began in February 2017
and conclude in January of 2020 by the
way they also received a pretty phat
contract under the Obama administration
to the tune of sixteen point six million
dollars that contract ended in 2017
now officials in Texas had been
investigating this organization and they
found a wide array of abuses
so they documented a host of physical
abuses by Shilo staff one child died in
2001 due to exertion from being
restrained the office of refugee
resettlement reportedly later found
shiloh to be quote in compliance with
state requirements however if you look
at other cases involving this
corporation its owner clay Dean Hill
owned another
company Daystar residential where at
least two children died a 15 year old
girl died of asphyxiation in 2002
another teen died in 2010 while being
restrained inside a closet nice to know
that our taxpayer money goes toward
people like this so he that was his
previous company he says that he learned
a lot from that and that they are sought
to make improvements that's what he told
the Houston Chronicle
so look unaccompanied minors come into
the country from time to time this is as
Ana point out in the earlier story that
we did today
not specific to Donald Trump Trump wants
to separate families that come together
with kids that's a different issue
unaccompanied minors came in under Obama
and Trump and they have to do something
with them and it's sometimes it requires
transportation sometimes it requires
sheltering them or somewhere so you have
to have these companies that do that
it's understandable but I think that it
makes sense that we require that those
companies be very careful and the
problem with guarding anyone is that you
you've got the same problem that comes
out of what we learn in the Stanford
Prison Experiment which is that even if
there are kids even if there didn't do
anything wrong they're not criminals
they didn't get convicted of anything
what's your housing people and you are
guarding over them
human nature sets in and you feel like
you have to control them right which
then sometimes leads to abuses like the
ones that are being documented but then
it's like coming upon the government
both under the Obama administration the
Trump administration to be exceedingly
careful and to say that no you're not
allowed to put the kids in classes
you're not allowed to do these kinds of
punishments you're not allowed to do all
these things to the kids because they
didn't do anything wrong even if there
were adults and they had done something
wrong you still couldn't do that to them
right that would a lot of these would be
cruel and unusual punishment etc now I
understand that some of it goes back to
2001 but some of the offenses are as
recent as last year so it's when you're
dealing with kids you have a higher
responsibility to make sure that the
abuse
not happen why is it that when it comes
to corporations that seek government
contracts I mean again government
contracts that are funded by our
taxpayer money for some reason their
wrongdoing or wrongdoings from I don't
know ten years ago twenty years ago
doesn't matter at all
we're talking about kids who died under
their care but hey guess what the owner
decided to do a little rebranding and
said he was sorry so two people died not
that big of a deal just some children
who are powerless since he changed the
name of his corporation let's hand him
some more government contracts I don't
care if he said he learned a lot from
the past in no other environment work
environment does someone get rewarded
later on after they rebrand themselves
and say hey you know what it's okay I've
learned a lot I won't let any other
children die under my care even though
there was an example of another child
dying under his care in the new company
in the new company but I don't care if
it's a new company that just means that
it's a rebranded entity it doesn't
matter so look and sometimes these are
difficult because when somebody starts a
new company goes well that's not the old
company then how are you gonna deal with
that and how long is that guy not going
to be allowed to get government
contracts etc so I would say a long time
but I get that that's sometimes a
difficult process but there's also one
more thing that's unsettling here which
is that these corporations have extra
rights that that human beings don't have
if you got convicted of crimes like this
you'd be in a world of trouble and you
would be on a lot of spit when the
physical abuse cases that well you'd be
on a list and you you couldn't do a
great number of things you couldn't live
in a lot of places right but when a
company does it well I mean it gets all
of our rights but it gets also the extra
right of it doesn't go to prison
it doesn't face any consequences and
then it gets government contracts again
this makes no sense
they gave government contracts and one
thing that I just really want to
emphasize I want people to understand
immigration detention is big business in
the United States this is not about
saving resources and saving jobs in the
US this is about ensuring that private
prisons and corporations like the ones
that were covered by TYT investigates
tens of millions of dollars in
government contracts to detain or or
transport people who come into the
country illegally that's all it's about
it's not about protecting you as an
American citizen it's a way of
distracting you from real issues and the
real people who screw you over those are
those those people at the very top who
get these massive contracts to begin
with and that's it I mean I just I want
people to wake up and focus on the real
people that are hurting us not the
powerless people who are literally being
abused and in some cases murdered in
this type of detention so in in one of
the cases in other company international
educational services they've got they
had two shelters in Los Fresnos just
about 15 miles from the border and and
the monitor actually did some great
original reporting back in March about
this and they said that during the past
two years a Texas Department of Health
and Human Services now that's the Texas
Department of Health and Human Services
right clearly under Republican
administrations has inspected the
facilities three hundred and forty nine
times and discovered a total of a
hundred and sixteen deficiencies that
include a range of inappropriate sexual
behavior lapses in foster care home
oversight problems with administering
medical care and improper punishment of
children so look they shut those two
places that particular shelters down but
overall for corporations whether it's a
giant Bank that rips off its customers
time after time after time and then gets
government contracts anyway right or
defense contractors that have billions
of dollars in fraud and continue to get
government contracts or it's people who
are companies that are supposed to be
looking after kids that have all these
abuses they still get the government
contracts and that's our taxpayer
dollars being used and it's it's
obviously an outrage and and then I'm
proud of Alex cotton and the tea party
investigates team for uncovering this
you should know what's happening add to
those kids two easy ways to follow Young
Turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
