eighth amendment in the American
Constitution prevents against excessive
bails and fines and punishment the
eighth amendment in Ireland has outlawed
abortion since 1983 but there is a
referendum that went on today in Ireland
polls closed at 10 o'clock p.m. a
hundred thousand new people registered
to vote for the express purpose of
overturning that referendum and
essentially legalizing abortion and I it
would has not been officially called but
according to the exit poll data it's 68
or 69 percent in favor of overturning
that ban on abortions which had
essentially made it so that the
priorities of the life of the mother was
on equal footing of the life of the
fetus and the only time you could have
done it was in favor of saving the
mother's life if it was in jeopardy but
that was a big a big out turnout in in
Ireland today what is the definition of
fetus in Ireland they were saying there
you can't do abortions so but because I
know here because fetus is after 24 and
that's one of the arguments what is it
one child yes how is set up in Ireland
even if this wins they don't looks like
it's gonna win then they're gonna do
legislation it's out of the Constitution
then and then they're gonna do
legislation and that legislation is not
still not going to be liberal you're sir
you're only gonna get to have an
abortion in the first 12 weeks which is
tiny amount of time you barely know
you're pregnant in the first 12 weeks
and then after that they'll have
different laws so it's not as clear and
you'll have to take any account of the
life of the mother and the health of the
mother etcetera and so they have not
passed those yet if we get to that
eventualities but this was strident no
abortion under any circumstance at any
time well no the reason why I asked I
mean I know what a fetus had is I've had
two that don't shut up now no but you
know that that's the argument when does
life begin what is technically when does
it become a fetus or whatever i i'm you
know i'm all about women's rights i
don't regulate other people's morality
whatever your decision about your body
and your head
and whatever it is I'm all for it but it
just seems like Ireland is on a pathway
to be a more progressive and more
liberal and letting people choose their
lifestyles and I think that we seem to
be going on the same sex marriage
Minister yeah they like it like this
there was a bunch of different
initiatives in order to turn out the
vote there was a group of grandfathers
that say yes it's got taking to the
streets and then there was a giant
movement called hashtag home to vote
where people who had moved away from
Ireland nationals who were living in say
England or the continental Europe they
moved back here's a video from one of
the groups called hashtag to get a call
together for yes here's a part of a
video that they put together
I just don't they journey that a lot of
women do in the offensive way from
Liverpool and I feel that Ireland should
finally trust women that's why I'm
focused
there were people at the airport holding
signs up that said do you need a ride to
go vote like I saw it and I am dead
inside but I was still like a little
emotional that was amazing
yeah so I have PTSD from all the recent
elections so I was I was so worried
about this one because we prepared
today's show now the examples are coming
in when we're live right and and so I'm
seeing all these emotional things and
this huge movement for a yes vote which
would be to repeal this and bring a
choice to Ireland just join and I'm like
yeah I've seen a lot of good things and
then John election they're back and it's
all across the world too so you know
brexit happen of course and and then
some right-wing governments have had one
recently but so my normal metric for
this is who is the populace the populace
has a better chance of winning all
across the world doesn't matter what the
issue is doesn't matter which party or
which side you're on the populace has a
better chance okay but in this case that
is not an issue right
it's neither side is more or less
populous so I'm like it looks good you
know and a lot of the people that and
people in the media might be in favor of
it and and hence represent the
pro-choice side more and I'm keeping it
real on that and I don't know how Irish
media works right in here our media is
very conservative when it comes to
financial issues because they're run by
billion-dollar corporations but a lot of
the reporters are liberal and so on
social issues they'll paint it in a
different light and I'm being honest
about that so I was like on pins and
needles so when I saw 69 percent one
organization that has it a 79 percent
right saying yes repeal it I was like oh
thanks guys
the good guys win yes and it's it's a
very Catholic country Irish Catholic and
there's there is it's it's a big
movement for someone for a country that
had this law the only other comparable
country in Europe to have a law like
this is Malta everyone else has more
choice skewing laws here's one tweet
from someone who pointed out the
consequences that we're facing women in
Ireland at the time should they choose
to have an abortion it said in Ireland a
woman can face longer in prison for
seeking abortion than the rapist who
impregnated her so these are the kinds
of feeling with the hashtag a home to
vote all worked in there everyone was
brought in on this situation even ed
Sheeran ed Sheeran we covered this on
pop trigger
ed Sheeran someone used one of his songs
called a small bump a song about his
friends miscarriage there was a pro-life
group that just started using it in its
campaign and he had to release this
photo which was reposted saying I have
been informed that my song is being used
to promote pro-life campaign and I feel
it's important to let you know I've not
given approval but like when when you
pull ed Sheeran into this kind of stuff
it can't stand except the book but again
these are just the exit poll data and so
we'll see keep following it we reported
this this morning on the damage report
and it was just kind of in the ether we
didn't know what was gonna happen cuz it
was 40 40 percent for um and there were
a lot of undecided but it seemed like it
came down the other way there is one
other issue here that's not spoken about
nearly enough and and throughout the
articles that covered this both here in
the US and internationally they talked
about how a lot of the Irish women leave
to get abortions in in the UK or in
other countries in other parts of Europe
those are the rich and middle-class
women so a lot of the anti-choice
legislation in different states here in
America or in in countries in the rest
of the world only affect poor women you
know rich women get to fly out of the
country and have abortions all they like
a Republican they claim broidy
just paid 1.6 million dollars he says I
didn't know whether she had no abortion
or not wink wink
but I paid her 1.6 million dollars for
it when you rich there's
other ways to get abortions right but
when you're poor that's when you're
crushed and the system crushes you and
you get a press even further so so it's
a double win if if they've gone on the
right direction right and one last
vestige of hope for us here in the
United States as we appear to be heading
in the wrong direction while the rest of
the world is going generally speaking
the right direction especially Europe
right I still think that the that the
Trump era and the evangelicals that put
them in office it's their last gasp
and so demographically and and also as a
matter of just simply getting
information Europe is far less religious
and every day grows less religious and
America every day grows less religious
we started this show sixteen years ago
back then only four percent of Americans
and it look at varies by polls but in
one poll that we covered only four
percent of Americans did not have any
religion right now that number is twenty
four percent okay and it grows and it
grows and it grows so these guys who
hold on to ancient mythology and they're
not even correct about it as I point out
every time we talk about abortion the
Bible is actually pro-abortion read
numbers it says that if you think your
wife cheated on you God says you should
give her a toxic potion to give her a
miscarriage okay that is pro-abortion in
the Bible so you're not even right about
the text but those that old mythology is
slowly gearing way to very slowly giving
way to rationality so I think we're
gonna win here as well but it hasn't
happened yet two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
