the Senate has now joined the house in
passing a set of revisions to their
sexual harassment policy it only took
them like a year after this whole
movement got going for them to finally
make some minor changes the new
legislation eliminates mandatory
cooling-off periods before victims of
harassment can file complaints against
their harasser that's an amazing turn of
phrase there doubles the length of time
victims have to file a lawsuit in
federal court and requires members of
the Senate to pay back the Treasury for
any settlements related to the
harassment they committed if it's not
clear from those changes let's talk
about the way things were up until today
currently if a congressional staffers
harassed the office of compliance
initiates a four step process a 30-day
counseling period a mediation effort an
administrative hearing or civil action
and an appeals process victims can't
even make a formal complaint about
sexual harassment until three months
have passed so you have to you have to
really want it you have to hang in there
imagine how condescending is that that
like oh you think you've been harassed
we'll talk in a quarter maybe we'll see
if you've changed your mind by then and
by the way and this was in the first
graphic - currently sexual harassment
settlements involving lawmakers are paid
by using taxpayer funding from a
little-known Treasury account so far in
the Senate specifically I believe that's
174 thousand dollars over the last five
years although some members who are
found to have harassed people say
they'll pay it back and then don't and
then become lobbyists you know I have to
confess that I didn't think about how
offensive that phrase is until now a
cooling-off period like oh I mean you're
a little hot and bothered okay that your
boss tried to molest you right so why
don't you cool off and then we'll do it
we'll throw us so much bureaucracy at
you with 30 days of this on 30 days and
that and then hopefully try to talk you
out of it and then if that doesn't work
I'll just have the taxpayers pay so yeah
that was a terrible process the good
news is they began to fix it
okay so um I looked it up and because I
wanted to see what the House reaction
was to this because what should happen
next there's been a House version that
passed in February
you know there's a Senate version so
what should happen is that they go to a
committee and then they work it out
together so I wanted to see what the
house is thinking well jackie speier
who's been the leader of this in the
house she and Nancy Pelosi are saying
they are not satisfied and one of the
reasons that jumped out for me is that
the Senate Ethics Committee would have
to approve this for anything to happen
those are congressmen so what you're
basically saying is that members of
Congress who would have to have
judgments against their own which
doesn't happen all that often and then
also in the Senate bill I went I'm the
host of congressional dish I look at
bills I'm a nerd
so I went through to see if anything
jumped out I also noticed that this
wouldn't be effective for 180 days after
enactment why it's like a six-month
period of like going grab your staffers
you're good and then that's a
cooling-off period commission in the
House version that evaluates the
accusation not sure okay that Center
yeah that's what the House Democrats are
pushing for okay yeah but they are
saying the House version that passed is
better so the Democrats who I tend to
trust on this they're the ones saying
that they would prefer the house they at
least want the conference committee and
I just want to make one more point about
the Senate bill is that it wouldn't
apply to anything currently pending so
we're all mad at Blake Farenthold
because he won't give the money back
this won't make it
everything that's happening now and for
180 days six months after it passes good
I think what's amazing about this is
it's almost like they have to because of
the me to movement it's not like they're
just altruistically being like you know
what guys we really need to clean a
house here like all these caveats like
you're saying Plus are we ever gonna
know actually who's doing the harassing
there's this whole thing about
transparency a democratic you know
accountability here and really we have
no idea who's doing the harassment
there's been how many millions of
dollars paid out in Congress as a whole
in the past ten years to sexual
harassment victims that we're still not
going to know who's doing it and who's
being held accountable it's amazing I
personally think that I know that they
would never ever do this but I remember
when so the meatsuit movement started
initially it was people in entertainment
and then some of the members I believe
was generally in the house but I think
there were senators as well
started talking about the experiences
that they've had and not not naming
names but talking about
throughout their careers when they were
aides and all of that all these things
that happened and Blake Farenthold
resigned and we had like one other
congressman and Al Franken and I don't
think that's who all the women were
talking about those three people so I
think that this this is a great set of
regulations for half a year from now but
I think it should come with an
accounting of talking to all of these
people about their experiences talking
to any aides that are interested any
pages that are interested about their
experiences with current members of
Congress and Senate and those who have
come before and doing a full accounting
of the crimes that have made this sort
of change necessary not just preparing
for future acts of harassment but doing
a full cataloguing of all the harassment
that has happened in the recent past
that's such a good point in that 180
days make sure that this Congress is
over before anything actually self
preservation so all excellent analysis
and suggestions where as I look at and
go half a loaf yes the Senate or
Congress overall gave us half a loaf
normally you'll have ninety three
percent of Americans say Keeney we get
the whole loaf and no egg no you won't
even get a crumb right so at least it's
a little bit of progress but all
excellent points on how they can make it
better two easy ways for Young Turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
