recently a woman by the name of Sherita
Dixon Cole who's 37 years old got
arrested for drinking and driving in the
state of Texas now after she got
arrested she hired an attorney and
alleged that the individual who arrested
her who works with the Texas Department
of Public Safety assaulted her sexually
assaulted her during the arrest she
claimed that the trooper repeatedly told
her he would let her go in exchange for
sexual favors when she said no she
claimed the trooper sexually assaulted
her and that's according to her - a
statement from her attorney on Monday
well now we have some evidence of what
really happened luckily there was body
camera footage that showed the entirety
of the arrest and the cops decided to
release two hours of that footage
unedited to show us what really happened
and it turns out that she lied now we're
not gonna show you the two-hour footage
but we're gonna show you a snippet of it
take a look how much alcohol you consume
this evening just one what was it
I also see there's a couple of
containers of alcohol in the backseat
look sighs okay so jr. pointed this out
to me and I wanted to also point it out
to you in the end of that video you can
see how the cop pulls the seat belt and
he's so careful to not touch her in any
way I mean the way that he handled that
situation was perfect he was respectful
he didn't touch her in any type of way
you know that could be questionable he
handled that perfectly and to know that
he was victimized potentially victimized
with serious charges if he wasn't
wearing that camera like that camera
provided evidence that he did nothing
wrong
see the body camera is not to punish
cops it's to find out what actually
happened in this case it helped the cops
because it was false charges and by the
way if you're not doing anything wrong
which is a thing that cops say all the
time you should love the body camera on
you this is two stories and others the
legislature in New Mexico who could have
pulled a power-play on the cops but
there was a camera that showed that she
in fact was trying to persuade them to
let her off because she was a legislator
in this case this woman totally lied
about the cop who was incredibly
respectful and the body camera shows it
so it's another reason to have body
cameras we're not looking we're not anti
cop we're Pro justice so in this case
the cop was the victim because he had
the false charges against them and the
body camera the evidence the facts
showed that he was right and we got
Justin
exactly now when this story first came
out and before we had any access to that
body camera footage there were a number
of people who came out in support of the
woman who got arrested Sherita Dixon
Cole and so one of those people were
included I should say her attorney Lee
Merritt and he has now apologized for
anything he has said prior to the video
coming out I want to read you his
apology he says it is deeply troubling
when innocent parties are falsely
accused and I'm truly sorry for any
trouble these claims may have caused the
officer and his family I take full
responsibility for amplifying these
claims to the point of national concern
so he specifically talked about how he
shouldn't have made this such a public
case before seeing all the evidence and
I think that it takes a lot of courage
to admit that you know yeah yeah look so
Shawn King who used to were to be on
Turks too and now they intercept and has
his own pack to fight for justice also
publicize the case but to be fair to the
attorney first of all he represents her
to be fair to Shawn King 99 out of 100
times this case so real and he and the
cops won't turn over the body cam
evidence for months so are you supposed
to just sit back and go oh no that's
okay I just trust the cops I'm sure
everything will be fine in the
overwhelming majority case that is not
the case and not believing the victim
like out of hand is not the right policy
now the question is what do you do when
the evidence comes in and in this case
the lawyer walks it back and goes hey am
i bad and and I should have shown more
restraint Shaun King came in and walked
it all the way back yes okay so you've
got some quotes there and I do so let's
go to graphic 68 he tweeted about it and
then he also wrote a lengthy blog about
this he says today the Texas Department
of Public Safety released this body
camera footage of the traffic stop
field sobriety test and subsequent
arrest of Sherita Dixon Cole it does not
appear to show any verbal threats sexual
assault or police brutality and from his
blog he writes she victimized the man
she falsely
accused and she victimized those who
stood up for her believing that she had
experienced the worst crimes thankfully
she does not represent anyone but
herself she does not represent the
actual victims of sex crimes she does
not represent actual victims of police
brutality and she does not represent
black women or black people and I think
it's important to differentiate because
what she did was not only damaging
potentially severely damaging to that
cop but it's so damaging to women who do
get sexually assaulted and do want to
speak out and the minorities who suffer
oftentimes at the hands of police
throughout the country but now their
claims will be taken a little less
seriously because of her actions that's
what these false accusations are so
hurtful but to me what's interesting is
the difference in how right wing and
left wing react right right wing sees
evidence and goes fake news fake news
right and we deny we strongly denied no
matter how overwhelming the evidence is
here because we actually care about
justice whether it's us we didn't report
on this story earlier but Shaun King who
has a whole pack dedicated to justice
says well this isn't just I'm gonna
support the cop and I'm gonna tell you
that what she said isn't true well
that's what you would want someone to do
if they care about facts and he does so
that should be applauded you should say
oh well then okay then he's he actually
does care to serve the truth and does
care to serve justice and so that's a
guy I could trust more not less that it
should work out that way but I feel like
right now any admission of any mistaken
any mistake exactly that's it you're
done by the way when you admit that you
were wrong you get punished at least
that's what it seems like if you were
wrong and you remain defiant it feels
like people reward you for that because
they opposite they call it because they
call it 50/50 and the media goes oh I'm
gonna do balance here right but you know
what that does is that gives a giant
advantage to lies because if the truth
is not on an even playing field and the
lies are given just as much credit as
the truth well then you've won you're
not doing journalism
and two it gives an incentive to lie
because they know hey people like Shaun
King they admit it when they're wrong
haha that's a mistake we never admit it
when we're wrong right but for all of
you out there who are not partisan so
you don't care about the Republican or
Democratic Party see how people react to
their mistakes and what do they actually
care whether they care about facts
reason logic reality and then make up
your mind about them too easy wasteful
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
