72% of Democrats say opposing Trump
isn't enough and they actually want a
progressive policy agenda 72% of
Democrats say that that's not enough
opposing Trump by itself that isn't
enough well 28% don't pay attention to
politics at all but still respond to
polls for whatever reason maybe boredom
I guarantee nobody watching this is in
that twenty eight percent I can pretty
much a opposing Trump that's it
does it opposing Trump is blatantly
obvious that's like sort of like a
barrier to entry to be an opposition
definitionally you know why because I
don't know if you got the memo and I
know some people are trying to pretend
like this isn't the case Trump's a
Republican that's what he is he's a
Republican you know what his policies
are they're Republican policies each and
every one of them each ever there is no
policy that any other Republican
wouldn't do you know the difference
doing Trump in Republicans Trump doesn't
have any subtlety he doesn't care he
says what he wants so the ugliness of
those policies are out in the open it's
basically like hey turns out it's a turd
there were sprinkles on it before but
now it's that the sprinkles are off but
you know what it still is that's what's
going on if then trump subber brazil if
you don't oppose him and by the way
opposing someone means you have an
alternative otherwise you're just a
you're just an armchair coach okay
that's that's lame what's your
alternative nothing we're not that we're
not that hey date me I'm not that other
guy that's a jerk hey that guy that got
too drunk at a bar and just threw up all
over the all over the barstool and got
kicked out I'm not him you should go out
with me that will work for nobody in the
year twenty never so yes opposing joint
and people that think all of our
problems started with Trump
they did everything that this country
has been through the fact that we have
two parties bought and sold by the same
owners that the Democrats have
completely lost their footing with the
working class entirely and deservedly so
that we have two options that are pro
war that are pro environmental
destruction that oppose workers rights
that pretty much oppose unions although
they'll tell you otherwise but pretty
much oppose unions that don't care about
educational opportunities that do
nothing for young people whether it's
young people dealing with crippling debt
or young people that have to go in
school to school in fear every day
because there might be another shooting
they don't care that's our leadership
and to think these problems started the
day Donald Trump took office that is the
equivalent of a person letting
themselves go for 40 years not carrying
what they eat having a diet of chocolate
macaroni and cheese and McDonald's not
exercising at all other than to lift a
television remote and then 40 years
later looking at themselves and blaming
the mirror that's what it's the
equivalent of it has a naivety and
blindness to a level that I wish I could
relate to I wish my head could be that
far in the sand cuz then damn it I'd be
a better surfer and that'd be cool
Democratic voters want to see more than
just opposition to the president they
want candidates for Congress who
actually advocate progressive policies
at least eight candidates running on
explicitly progressive platforms won
primaries the explicit is important
there and I don't mean explicit meaning
they cursed a lot on the campaign trail
maybe they did maybe they didn't it was
behind closed doors they did I mean
explicit like these are card-carrying
dues-paying BSA members democratic
socialists of America those are some of
the people
that one the 2018 midterm elections will
be long remembered as a pivotal moment
in American history I hope so
if we are successful we can put an end
to the disastrous Trump agenda that's
from Bernie Sanders now I would add
something to the end of what Bernie said
there I would add and we have something
really great to replace it with we're
not replacing it with nothing now let's
go back to some of these victories what
are some of these victories includes
they include some early ADSA member in
district 34 in the Pittsburgh area for
the State House it also includes Sarah
and o morado another DSA member in
district 21 in Pittsburgh for the for
the Pennsylvania State House now I kind
of highlight those two because I am from
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania I was born there
I grew up there and I can tell you that
not only those candidates win and they
won big
they won handily they kicked ass and
took names who did they beat Ron did
they did they just beat like some some
nobody was it somebody that was like
kind of progressive E but not as
progressive so they were more
progressive so they want did they beat
somebody that really had no business
being in politics maybe it was one of
the 20% that took that poll was like
Harry I'm not Trump do they be no they
beat a political dynasty in that area
they beat members of the kosta family I
grew up surrounded by that family and I
can tell you firsthand they are the
Clintons of western Pennsylvania and in
my humble subjective opinion they are
even more annoying I never thought that
I didn't think that was possible Ron it
is check it out they beat the costes now
what were the cost is doing while all
this was going on because they knew that
DSA was common for him they knew that
was happening what did they do they
started sharing all these articles about
party unity unity and how what the DSA
is doing is bad they're all about party
unity over at the Kostas what did Dom
Kosta do when he knew he was going to
lose the party unity loyalist Dom Kosta
tried to write in as a
publican last-minute and run that way
mister your party unity because it's all
about unity unless but unity you mean if
you want progressive change shut up and
vote for us anyway and you're not
getting us unity doesn't mean well if
it's in my best interest I'm gonna do
what I want
not only did Dom Kosta lose but he was
exposed as the corporatist stooge that
he is and has always been from day one
and every other Kosta needs to go to
there's still some of them floating
around and I hope there's more DSA
members primary them out a little bit at
a time because it's a beautiful thing to
watch and it's a man it's poetic justice
band feels good feels good
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
