if you watch mainstream media you'd be
under the impression that the economy is
doing incredibly well Americans are
super prosperous they have a ton of
money look at the stock market the
numbers speak for themselves stock
prices are up but the reality is people
are dealing with more debt today than
they did at the height of the economic
crash in 2008 and wages remain stagnant
so the Fed has been looking into these
numbers because there they are
considering increasing interest rates
and interest rates have been low since
the recession and when they raise
interest rates it's done in an effort to
respond to an overheated market ok so
inflation for instance they want to make
sure that inflation doesn't get out of
hand but if they do increase the
interest rate a lot of Americans who
have a lot of debt will suffer so a Fed
survey released this week showed four in
ten adults couldn't cover an unexpected
expense of four hundred dollars and
would have to sell something or borrow
to cover it that's down from half of
adults back in 2013 but if a person
needs a loan the rate will be higher
today than it would be in 2013 so the
Fed is considering increasing the
interest rate even further so Americans
now have more credit card debt than at
the height of the financial crisis at
more than one trillion dollars that is
insane okay so there's that and remember
wages haven't gone up significantly they
have remained stagnant for the most part
overall consumer debt excluding
mortgages is on track to reach four
billion dollars this year okay so
consumers are also skipping more auto
loan payments particularly those
borrowers with less than pristine credit
known as subprime than during the
financial crisis so subprime loans in
the auto industry are huge there's a
bubble there that is expected to burst
so keep an eye on that also auto loan
balances rose by eight billion dollars
in the first quarter of 2018 late
payment rates also rose with four point
three percent of auto loan balances
ninety or more days delinquent on March
31st of this year so at the end of the
first
so this is part of why Trump won and
ironically why his presidency I believe
could collapse and so let me explain
both of those he won because Washington
has no sense of the anger in the country
because to them the idea that you'd be
wiped out by a four hundred dollar
expenses it's laughable right the folks
in power in Washington in New York and
San Francisco and LA to be honest right
$400
nothing nothing but for 40% of the
country its devastation so that is an
enormous disconnect it's not just that
the they that one side is so disparate
than the other side it's that they don't
know each other and they don't
understand each other and so all the
people in power they don't know anybody
who can't survive a $400 emergency and
so they go on blithely thinking that
somebody like Hillary Clinton who was a
enormous Lee Pro establishment candidate
who ran a campaign basically saying the
status quo is pretty good let's stick
with the status quo that produced a rage
in the country and so that's why Trump
won now ironically of course as you know
the Trump didn't make it any better so
what did he do he poured a ton of money
into rich people even more Tyson's the
average tax cut for the guys in the 1%
from Trump was 61 thousand dollars sixty
one thousand dollars every year in their
tax cuts on average okay so the bubble
keeps growing and growing and growing
and at some point it will pop and when
it does there'll be even more
devastation in the country because all
of you will have $400 emergency expenses
four thousand dollars because of all the
disasters that will unfold from that and
you won't have jobs even though very low
paying jobs etc and when they go to bail
out the bankers again oh we're gonna
have a whole different animal on this in
this country all right so you know
buckle up brace for impact and
by the way in regard to the stock market
Jake and I have talked about this before
but just to reiterate it's artificially
inflated by cheap money that the Fed is
printing out and giving to banks for
instance they're supposed to loan that
money out to small businesses but they
haven't done that they just use that to
buy their own stocks and then you know
you don't have Americans going out and
buying their products so when you see
the prices go up
remember it's these you know corporate
CEOs executives taking money from their
tax cuts and cheap money from the Fed
and just buying their own stock that's
the reason why you're seeing the stock
prices go up and and yes an unemployment
rate is low but you have to look at the
quality of jobs these are not quality
jobs the wages matter quite a bit and
they remain stagnant and final piece of
this puzzle student loans outstanding
student loan debt rose twenty nine
billion to one point four one trillion
as of March 31st loans do more than 90
days declined in the first quarter and
by the way Education Department just
announced that they will be increasing
the the interest rate for federal
student loans they will increase it to
five point zero five percent from four
point four five percent for the 2018
2019 academic year that's huge I know it
doesn't seem like a huge increase but it
is huge when you're taking out tens of
thousands sometimes hundreds of
thousands of dollars in student loans so
there's a theory that student loans are
the next subprime mortgage crisis and so
I covered this for years on The Young
Turks about why that the collapse
happened in 2008 and so everybody thinks
it was a housing market no it was the
gambling on top of the housing market
it's called derivatives and what they
would do is they would do bet is that a
package of housing mortgages going to
collapse or not collapse and so when
those bets went sideways it created a
domino effect they couldn't recover from
now there are people making those kind
of derivative bets on other things and
and some is on local
state solvency and some is on the
education loans right and 1.41 trillion
is already a giant amount let alone the
bets they have on top of that money and
this has created a whole new class of
indentured servants and in unlike a
desert servants which you you know write
about in history class that lasted seven
years and then you were free to go this
lasts a lifetime
I talked to congressional candidates
grown-ass people running for United
States Congress who are still paying
their student loans this is an albatross
around our neck and and it's done on
purpose so then who do you have to serve
you have to serve corporations otherwise
you won't be able to pay your debts and
then they got you exactly where they
want and these are people who have you
know this huge debt burden just so they
can have an opportunity to get a decent
job in this country right and when
they're paying it back it's such a huge
portion of their income that they can't
save they can't be part of the economy
in in ways that the generations before
could they can't buy homes cars all that
but also they can't save for retirement
less than 40 percent of non retired
adults think they have enough money to
be on track for retirement so people are
suffering don't let anyone lie to you
about how the economy is booming under
Trump two easy ways folio interests want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
