a new study looked into the number of
children in the United States who live
in homes that have loaded and unlocked
guns and unfortunately according to the
study an estimated 4.6 million American
children reside in a household where at
least one gun is kept loaded and
unlocked so a federal analysis of school
shootings of released in 2004 found that
65% of perpetrators used a gun owned by
a relative
now that's an old analysis obviously
it's from 2004 but I would love to see
some researchers do analysis into this
issue today because we do have a lot of
school shootings happening they've
increased in terms of how often they
happen throughout a year and so
oftentimes when we talk about gun
control people think that the discussion
is about either extreme of either
extreme of the spectrum but in reality
you know there are other issues that we
need to talk about for instance if you
are a law-abiding citizen who does have
guns and you've purchased them legally
you should by law be forced to keep them
locked and unlocked and unloaded so
anyway well the main reason that that's
not happening is because people have
been taught that you're in mortal danger
at all times so they're in such a panic
over that that they've got their gun
loaded and ready to go because at any
moment a Muslim could bust in and
enforce Sharia law on your family right
and the dangerous immigrants are coming
in ms-13 and and all the others are
about to rampage your house right so
that's why they have it but the reality
is of course you're far far far more
likely to get killed by the loaded gun
in your house or someone in your family
is then some sort of intruder comes in
and you heroic ly save your family I
know that's in all your fantasies right
but that almost never happens but
accidental shootings suicides happen all
the time in homicides too you get mad at
one another boom oh my god he shouldn't
have done that and you wouldn't have
done that if there wasn't a gun right
and also
when it comes to teenager is one of the
leading causes of death is suicide by
gun so that's another thing to keep in
mind if you are a parent with a weapon
at home and you know you're completely
right jank about how the perception of
guns has changed the the reason for
purchasing guns has changed and that has
been a very conscious effort by the NRA
and I'm saying it's a conscious effort
because you can see for yourselves in
these types of ads that they put out
there where they fear monger right
there's a threat around every corner you
need to protect yourself there's
criminals everywhere and so people get
scared you know understandably so those
commercials are terrifying now let's
move on to let's go to graphic 31 so
polls show that over the past two
decades Americans have come to believe
that gun ownership increases public
safety and that a home with guns in it
is more secure right but that's not the
case in fact research shows the exact
opposite to the contrary a 2014 review
of existing research published in the
annals of internal medicine found that
access to guns doubles the risk of
homicide and triples the risk of suicide
so I'm gonna give more numbers here but
let's just hold and let that one sink in
it doubles the chance of a homicide if
you have the gun inside your house
you're not protecting yourself from a
homicide you're making it twice as
likely okay and suicides go up three
times as much so overall the chance of
someone in your house dying because
you've got a gun in the house is way
higher than the chances of you
protecting heroic ly protecting your
family with that gun and saving lives
it's just not true now you've gotten
that propaganda why cuz then gun
manufacturers profit offer that
propaganda they want you to be scared
all the time
that is why that and by the way there's
been very clever not just advertising
but going all over TV people like fuck
going on Fox News and yes of course CNN
playing to both sides etc and all these
so-called experts so that our
right-wingers going guns guns are great
and everybody's coming
fear fear fear and most importantly they
paid off the politicians so you cannot
pass laws against them but also those
are all basically paid agents they're
all over television doing ads for gun
manufacturers about how you should be
scared and the most important thing in
the world is to have a gun so are we
surprised that after a couple of decades
of that propaganda a lot more people
have loaded unlocked guns because
they're afraid that anybody's gonna come
in at any moment and it leads to
doubling of homicides tripling of
suicides yeah in fact let me give you
numbers the let's go to graphic 37 here
the number of accidental firearm deaths
in the u.s. between 2006 and 2016 that's
an 11 year period is six thousand eight
hundred and eighty-five people so about
six hundred people a year die from
accidents are six hundred people's lives
saved by a heroic person who grabbed a
gun and shot an intruder at the last
second that might happen in a Clint
Eastwood movie and it might happen very
infrequently in the country I saw some
hilarious propaganda paid for by gun
manufacturers oh no it happens millions
of times a year a year I know make my
day
know your poor kids grab the guns and
they shoot you or you should do they
shoot other kids with unfortunately one
that just happened so suicides this is
the one that's the one that is least
talked about get a load of this for the
year 2015 this is an average year twenty
two thousand eight a teen suicides by
gun by firearms okay now here are some
devastating facts approximately 90% of
people who attempt suicide with a gun
will die now you might think that's
normal
well--don't 90% of people who can try to
commit suicide die no in contrast over
90% of those who attempt suicide by
other methods will live and they are
unlikely to attempt suicide again in
fact only one out of 25 that's four
percent of people who tried to commit
suicide try again and succeed so once
they fail the first time they almost
never go back to doing it but if they're
using a gun they don't fail
nine out of ten times they die if they
don't use a gun nine out of ten times
they live so that leads to tens of
thousands of deaths every year because
you thought you were being safe and you
had a gun in the house so let's talk a
little bit about cap laws because those
are the laws that ensure that adults do
keep their guns locked away
look it okay let's put laws away for a
second and just talk as rational human
beings if you are an adult with guns in
your home just lock them in a safe place
where your kids don't have access to
them I'm not telling anyone to take your
guns away I'm not telling anyone to ban
all guns just be a responsible person
like you love your kids I don't know
your kids but I love your kids too I
don't want them to die by accident and
it happens far too often just lock your
gun away alright with that said so
researchers at the RAND Corporation
looked into these cap laws these are the
laws that would have severe punishments
for parents or adults who don't keep
their guns secured and unlocked I've
secured and unloaded and what they found
was that imposing these types of
criminal these laws criminal liability
on adults who allow their firearms to
fall into kids hands have consistently
reduced both firearm suicides and
accidental shootings among young people
but guess what
even though these laws don't take guns
away from anyone it just tells you hey
be a responsible person and store them
in a safe place the NRA is against these
laws why why are you against these laws
where's wrong with you uh and the reason
is the more people who sit look you
think a lot of people get the first part
but a lot but not a lot of people get
the second part so the first part is you
know that the NRA wants guns everywhere
so if you try to limit guns they fight
back with great vigor but this doesn't
limit guns so this leads to the second
part when there are deaths from those
guns that is not a downside for the NRA
that's an upside now I know that they're
gonna get their feelings hurt over that
so let me explain why because when more
there's more stories about more people
dying from guns what happens
more fear more fear leads to higher gun
sales so for you your kid dying because
you accidentally left your gun available
to them and loaded that is a tragedy of
the worst proportions for them once that
news gets out there and or someone in
your family dies or there's a mass
shooting Oh wonderful fear for everyone
and what do they do they have their
bought politicians go out there and go
we should have more guns in the schools
and you all should have guns and
everybody should have guns why because
they got to increase gun sales so it's
one thing when you're trying to increase
the sales of sneakers
or hamburgers but when you're trying to
increase the sales of guns and you throw
on top of that you we let them buy our
politicians well this is what's going to
happen this is because their product
doesn't make your feet feel more
comfortable
it doesn't feed you it kills you yep and
there are clearly ramifications to this
recent story just today we found out
that a two-year-old boy in Virginia was
shot and killed on accident by his
four-year-old brother the four-year-old
thought that the loaded gun was a toy
and you know of course the parents are
distraught about this I wish that they
had kept the gun in a secure place where
a four-year-old wouldn't have access to
it but I also find it interesting how
people have reacted to that story one
neighbor said the following there's no
way they would leave a loaded gun out
there good people good Christians good
people they take care of their children
and make sure they have everything they
need I know this is going to be tragic
to them being a good Christian has
nothing to do with whether or not
someone keeps a gun in a secure place
please for the love of God just keep
your guns in a place locked where your
kids don't have access to them you could
save your children's lives and you could
also save a lot of other people's lives
look I don't say anything about the
parents night kiss cause it's too
heartbreaking to even discuss with a
four-year-old in the two-year-old right
but for the neighbor know you've been
brainwashed
you literally are saying the opposite of
what happened you say they would never
do that except they just did that and
you're saying good people don't do that
except your neighbors who I'm sure are
good people did do that you why because
the NRA and all the propaganda convinced
you that everyone is a great responsible
gun owner I have never seen anyone come
on television from the right-wing or the
NRA and say there's a lot of
irresponsible gun owners they always
everybody know I'm a responsible gun
owner and everybody I know is a
responsible gun owner blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah and the reality is
no we're humans that's right we make
mistakes all the time especially if
we're afraid and I you how many times
have you forgotten your keys oops I
forgot them there I didn't realize it
well if you have a gun and it's loaded
oops I forgot to got owned no it doesn't
mean you're not a good Christian you're
not a good person it's that we're humans
so we have to drill it into everybody's
head if you got a gun you cannot leave
it loaded I don't care who you think is
coming you cannot leave it out there
unlocked and loaded but a lot of people
are so afraid and they've been taught to
be afraid that they leave that stuff
around in a panic and that's when
tragedy strikes two easy ways Folio
interests want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
