Democrats are coming out with a better
deal for democracy this is their new
slogan and and their campaign now they
say that they are for getting money out
of politics this is polling well so
what's your take on it well you know
they've made the same claim in 2006 in
preparation for 2008 they continue to do
the play this rhetorical game and
interestingly only days before this was
put out I think just yesterday a poll
came out saying that Democratic voters
72% of Democratic voters want the
Democratic Party to not run on fighting
Trump but to run on a progressive
visionary platform only days later they
come out and say we're doubling down on
fighting Trump I mean could you be any
more tone-deaf right yeah and and
there's this theory out that they
they're unhappy with MSNBC doing so much
Russia coverage John and I talked about
it on the damage report I'm not buying
it man I think they love that stuff and
if they are turning around they're only
turning around now because of
overwhelming poll numbers going no no
yes but what are you going to do for me
and part of the reason the Democratic
establishment doesn't want to talk about
that is because I don't plan to do much
I mean Alice is Right 2006 they ran on
anti-corruption now they're running on
anti-corruption I love anti-corruption
message you're running on
anti-corruption there's a difference on
whether you mean it or not but to be
afraid of them in 2008 did they have the
White House or the house or the Senate
or supermajority all right they did know
anything you get the money out of
politics eggs and that's why none of us
are standing down we're not buying it at
all whatsoever and you know this this
this platform these policy or well
they're not really talking about
policies they're more talking about
platitudes of campaign finance and and
fighting gerrymandering they're talking
about publicly funded elections but
they're not talking about Citizens
United they're not talking about making
sure that we actually get rid of the
super-delegates in the Democratic Party
and and move forward on the unity
Commission that they've been stalling on
now
months so it's it's distraction anything
over here but never taking any
responsibility whatsoever they're saying
that they're gonna do this in order to
fight the Trump Republican regime not in
any way whatsoever learning from their
own mistakes I've had it
yeah Naomi Klein had the best quote
about this when I was in every yard she
said well if we got back to the place
before Trump that was the place so bad
that it created Trump so no thank you
we've got to do a lot better than that
so part of the reason that a lot of the
national Democrats don't want to talk
about policy is because they're not for
Medicare for all their donors in the
health insurance industry and the
pharmaceutical companies do not want
them to do that so they're like shush
don't talk about that they're not
actually for an amendment to get money
out of politics and so it's a lot of
talk and we've seen no action but I'll
tell you something if someone like
Allison beats Dianne Feinstein in this
election and that is why this race is so
important it's not any old random race
Feinstein is one of their top poobahs
right she is one of the cornerstones of
the establishment if you knock out that
cornerstone all of a sudden that little
bit of trickle of Gillibrand and Booker
and Harris saying hey I'm not gonna take
corporate PAC money and that's a great
thing by the way all of a sudden turns
into a wave of all the politicians all
the Democrats go oh I I meant I meant
I'm dead I'm honest yeah no no corporate
back money that's what I meant no no I'm
really gonna try to get money out of
politics because if I sign can lose any
of them can lose so if we have a real
progressive that's uncorrupted beat her
it would be an earthquake and you could
make that happen on June 5th so you got
to get out there and fight
