I love it when you guys designed the
shirts so our best shirt at this point
is the Vote shirt the blue Nami shirt
and that's designed by Imran Shaikh who
is one of our viewers so I want you guys
to do that too if you're into that kind
of thing me if I design a shirt you
disaster okay everybody's got to know
those tricks so go to TYT dot-com and
there's TYT announcements on the right
side of the website okay you go there
and you submit a design to shop TYT and
from there you can comment with an image
of your design or you can like someone
else's design okay and and if you guys
vote up some of the designs that'll be
relevant okay if you vote down and go
boot yes and then if you're already part
of the Amazon collab thing how is that
for a sophisticated way of putting it
well you could do that too so if you
want it's a little bit more complicated
but if some of you guys might already be
a part of it if you are then merge
collab by Amazon at collab amazon.com
and so look that one if you do it
through Amazon
like you get a piece of it which I like
I liked I want you guys say I want it to
be a win-win right so that's at kelabra
amazon.com submitting it through the
website people are asking how can we
help and so that's a great way to
support us and we super appreciate it
so either way we'd love to have it and
I'd love to you know they say we give
you this shirt off my back in my case
I'll take the shirt and put it on mine
okay so yeah tee y-t-dot-com to do that
thank you guys
