you're gonna be shocked to find out that
today Politico has another attack piece
on Bernie Sanders hmm I wonder if they
think he's a threat I can't quite tell
here's what mainstream reporters don't
write a lot about irrelevant people
people that at least add a view to be
irrelevant what are they write about
well they write about people that are
threats to the establishment and they
try to take them down why is it a
conspiracy is it that the writers like
this guy and I'm sorry I don't know how
to pronounce his name Edward Isaac
either dough veer or if you want to give
it a French twist go vorrei okay anyway
this guy it's I don't know if he's
wealthy or not wealthy or be I I would
imagine that I don't know he's a writer
Politico right I'm not saying he's in a
smoke-filled room doing conspiracies no
how does it work
here's how it works somebody in the
establishment a politician or lobbyists
or consultant comes up to these
reporters goes oh I got a great hint for
you you should write about this this is
gonna be great now why do they do that
because they want to attack their
opponents
so in Washington just about everyone is
Bernie Sanders opponent so they have
begun to unleash on him why we're
getting close to 2020 and they're in a
little bit of panic uh-oh here comes
Bernie before they're like oh where did
2020 are you crazy no way no way by twin
call up Dover a hill he'll write it so
two days in a row here he comes again
yes and it was a giant hack job I guess
our revolution a group that Bernie
Sanders formed and against Nina Turner
the president of that so what is it
today he says well look there's this
obscure little thing that happens in
Vermont where the Democrats of Vermont I
don't know if you know this or I would
say fair to say thrilled with Bernie
Sanders as their senator I say that
because of the overwhelming percentage
of the votes that he gets so he first
goes in the Democratic nomination
process he wins that but then he runs as
an independent now you all write a small
story about how that's an intellectual
curiosity okay not a big deal my kids
were saying Chinese that's a Xiao Xiao
story tiny little story okay but why are
we doing
second story on Bernie Sanders today if
you dive in the story you might find out
why let's do that together
so he explains that Bernie does this and
there is a little bit of a tone
throughout like huh he says he's a
Democrat but after winning the
Democratic nominee run as an independent
okay but look he's gonna actually head
literally have people say that in a
second but he acknowledges halfway
through the piece the Vermont Democratic
Party passed the resolution over the
weekend supporting Sanders move
proclaiming that he could still be
considered a member of the party for all
purposes and entitled to all the rights
and privileges that come with such
membership at the state and federal
level so wait a minute why are we still
reporting on this so if the Vermont
Democrats and the Vermont Democratic
Party are thrilled with this what's your
beef with it oh well let's go a little
bit later in the article and find out
well it turns out there's a lot of
quotes from Hillary Clinton supporters
no really so he quotes a Clinton
political adviser Adam Parkhomenko he
says about Bernie Parkhomenko says and
this guy wants to run for the Democratic
nomination in 2020 lol oh yeah okay I
get it look in for you at home you
probably don't understand and it took me
a while to understand it because I
didn't grow up on any given team okay
and I didn't ever cared about the team
I've never been a cheerleader I've never
had pom-poms so I don't know why they
care so much what I care about is what
is Bernie Sanders positions I know what
his position is on health care are
income inequality money out of politics
you go down the list right but they
don't care about that they cook what do
they what letter does he put on his
helmet cuz I got my pom-poms ready oh he
doesn't say Democrat he says independent
well what difference does it make his
positions are identical in fact they're
the most progressive he might not call
them so Democrats throughout his career
cuz the Democratic Party was not
progressive enough if it was then I'm
would imagine you'd proudly call himself
that but for a voter not only a do most
of them not care but secondly it's
actually a
it does appeal the independence because
he is not beholden to any one particular
power structure or a set of elites or a
party machine so that's a net positive
that's why he always pulled better than
Hillary Clinton in the general election
against all of the Republicans but hacks
like Dover a well ago nor do declare
we're the geniuses in Washington
establishment have decided the birdie
couldn't possibly win even though every
single poll shows the opposite we have
decided that Hillary Clinton is a
wonderful candidate I'm sure she would
do a much better chance to Bernie
Sanders how'd that work out
hey did you ever write an attack article
yes yourself for being so stupid as to
think that Hillary Clinton had a better
chance than Bernie Sanders in winning in
2016 by the way you asked them today and
they watch that and they'll say ha no no
no we had the better candidate who lost
the donald trump you had the worst
candidate in the world trump was pulling
a 30% 37% on election night all right so
he quotes a clinton hack and that's not
surprising
that's the whole point of this story he
then he quotes another Clinton hack
Clinton spokesman Nick marrows just
tweeted about Bernie Sanders running as
an independent in Vermont because of
course he's up for the Senate election
again there which he will crush and he
will win super easily so that's not an
interesting article that would applaud
Bernie Sanders we can't have that we
can't have that so he quotes a tweet
seriously oh well I do declare what a
what a stunningly good point so finally
though so Heath the Clinton people are
feeding and by the way the Clinton
people why do you still exist why don't
you go Joe and Hillary in the woods you
guys are the miserable failures who lost
the Donald Trump so I've got a really
really tall glass of shut up juice for
you guys I mean think about the audacity
of Clinton spokespeople Clinton
supporters coming around telling us how
to win elections who wants the Trump you
lost the Trump go be a plumber go be an
accountant go sell used cars somewhere
do something useful with your life but
you're obviously not very good at
politics so he quotes them and that's
where he got fed the story in the first
place
uh but that's not really the point of
this story so here's the line that gives
away the actual point of this exercise
whoa the move also comes at a time when
Sanders supporters are pushing for
changes for the presidential nominating
process as part of the Democratic
National Committee unity Reform
Commission one priority is to open up
the party's primaries to voters who
aren't registered as Democrats ah now we
have it see the Unity Reform Commission
was formed within the Democratic Party
it took some of Sanders delegates it
took some of Hillary's delegates and
then Tom Perez got to pick some and they
got together and suggested a reform so a
democratic party desperately needed
reforms I wish they went a little
further but overall look they they
worked hard on it they negotiated they
got the best they could and and and a
really solid reforms including a
stripping away some of the
super-delegates which is great because
it gives more power to the people etc we
want those to be passed
they establishment does not want those
rules passed they liked it when the
elite and the powerful kept all the
power to themselves they liked the
super-delegates they liked all the
things that rigged the primary in an
official way on behalf of the
establishment so now mentioning the
Unity Reform Commission in the middle of
a story about how Bernie Sanders running
for Senator in Vermont why did you bring
that up cuz that's the whole point of
the story oh don't do what the Uniform
Commission says don't do those reforms
because remember the guy who picked them
not even a Democrat it's an independent
ignore everything he has to say look
keep the adults in charge
hey adults how you doing lately
democratic so-called adults should I say
it one more time you lost to Trump you
lost the house you lost the Senate you
lost the Supreme Court you lost a
thousand state seats and you lost 69 out
of 99 state legislatures how dare you
even discuss politics you're the biggest
losers in America and you get your buddy
here Edward
Isaac to write whatever the hell you
want oh yeah Bernie Sanders I can't
believe he doesn't uh paddy on his
helmet I can't believe it oh my god
did you ever talk about his issues his
policies did you ever
hey why is he so popular why is he the
most popular Democrat in the country
hold
I'm sure political is really busy there
working around the clock on it like
maybe we should investigate why everyone
in Washington hates Bernie Sanders and
everyone outside of Washington love's
Bernie Sanders what is polling look at
how well he's doing
I'm waiting still waiting still no such
article because these establishment
hacks in a lot of ways work for the
Democratic and Republican establishment
by the way you should I you're gonna do
their work for them their dirty work for
them and then cover it up should at
least get paid for it
so just be honest about and collect a
paycheck while you're at it two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
