70% of Americans want medicare-for-all
and I'm one of them but what is it how
does it work
why do we need it here's what
progressives have to say progressives
like us here at TYT believe in universal
health care instead of what we have now
because our system is the worst and I'm
not just saying that study after study
shows we have the worst health care
system of any wealthy developed nation
seriously all these countries the UK the
Netherlands Canada and France they're
beating us we're way down here a study
by the Commonwealth Fund says the u.s.
fared especially badly on measures of
affordability access health outcomes and
equality between the rich and poor isn't
that like all of health care we have a
higher infant mortality rate than
similar nations higher neonatal
mortality life expectancy we're way down
there
of the 12 richest countries we're number
we're number 12 we're number 12 we have
higher mortality amenable to health care
which means deaths that doctors and
hospitals can prevent so we die from
things that by definition we should not
die from and twenty eight million people
are just uninsured so if they get sick
they die or go bankrupt that's it no
other country on the list has this
problem so our system is bad well then
it's got to be cheaper right wrong we
spend more than everyone else on the
planet so much so it actually baffles
researchers they call us an anomaly pick
a category we pay more and get less
percent of GDP the u.s. is the highest
private spending we pay more per capita
spending the UK spends three thousand
seven hundred dollars per person on
health care we spend ten grand
administrative costs similar countries 3
percent of GDP the u.s. eight percent
they spent 750 dollars on drugs per
person per year we spend $1400 and the
drugs themselves are pricier lipitor can
cost Canadian patients under $50
compared to more than 150 for the same
dose sold on the US market we
pay more money to die sooner so what's
the difference how do they do so well
but we do so poorly they have
single-payer systems in our current
system insurance companies individuals
other programs that's a lot of payers
but it's disjointed prices go up and
it's opaque no one knows what's going on
you start hating the insurance companies
and guess what it's pretty terrible but
in a single-payer system like Medicare
for all the government negotiates prices
on behalf of everyone which gives them
leverage to keep prices down and quality
of care up Big Pharma charges too much
or a device company makes a bad product
they're out under Medicare for all 28
million uninsured people get coverage
insurance companies you hate that nickel
and dime you over coverage and charge
you premiums and deductibles gone you
pay a single fee and get health care
plus it's cheaper last year the average
working family paid $5,000 in premiums
and $1,300 in deductibles to private
health insurance companies under this
plan a family of four earning $50,000
would pay just for hundred sixty six
dollars per year to a single payer
program that's over five thousand
dollars in savings employers will save
to the average annual cost to the
employer for a worker with a family who
makes $50,000 a year would go from
twelve thousand six hundred dollars to
just thirty one hundred dollars and is
cheaper overall even the libertarian
think tank murkiness says total national
health spending would be two trillion
dollars lower from twenty twenty two to
twenty thirty one of course as always
there is pushback in America government
programs scare a lot of people but this
isn't a new program it's expanding
Medicare a government-run health care
program people love also other
government's do it too and they all
outperform us and finally it's just the
right thing to do as a progressive I
believe health care is a human right and
we have to protect people from Big
Pharma and predatory insurance companies
that are just looking to make money off
you progresses believe
you shouldn't have to choose between
dying or going bankrupt that's not a
choice at all and we're not alone again
70% of Americans want Medicare for all
join us send this video to a friend and
join the fight by becoming a member at
TYT dot-com /join also check back every
week for a new video about progressive
issues you'll always have a home here at
TYT the home of progressives
