hey everybody its David Sirota so there
was a line in the movie Wall Street
that's very relevant to this week's news
from the Trump administration and it's
not the line greed is good it's another
line from Gordon Gekko it's that line
where Gordon Gekko says the most
valuable commodity I know of is
information he's talking about the use
of information in that case inside
information to make money on investments
now this is a line that's relevant to
the news of President trumps
intelligence advisory board there's a
piece of news that came out that the
president is appointing a top private
equity executive to run the intelligence
advisory board and that advisory board
has access to all sorts of government
intelligence
it's advising the president it's in the
national security area and he appointed
a CEO of a private equity firm called
Cerberus Capital Management and it's no
run-of-the-mill private equity firm it's
a private equity firm that owns the
private security firm DynCorp
international now DynCorp is in all
sorts of national security
operations all sorts of defense
operations logistics and the like so
think about that for a second a CEO of a
private equity firm that owns a huge
security consultancy that is doing all
sorts of national security work that CEO
is now going to be on the president's
intelligence advisory board to run it so
that CEO of that private investment firm
is going to have access to all of that
information while he's presumably
running that same private equity firm
now remember that Gordon Gekko line the
most valuable commodity I know of is
information I mean this is an
opportunity for a person like that to
have access to all sorts of information
that could be of commercial use in this
private equity executives private
investment life and
here's the other interesting thing about
the particular firm that we're talking
about Cerberus Capital Management it is
one of the firms that has the most
amount of what's called dry powder on
hand
what's dry powder dry powder is money
that investors have given the firm
telling it to invest money in in other
companies dry powder is when the there's
a situation in private equity equity
where companies are having more and more
trouble finding good investments for
this money so the money is basically
accruing in these private equity firms
the point being here is that Cerberus
Capital Management is a company that is
needing to and looking to invest a huge
mountain of money and it's a private
equity firm that has already made big
investments in the private security
space and again its CEO is now going to
be leading the President of the United
States intelligence advisory board
giving him all sorts of access to all
sorts of government intelligence
information now will Feinberg use that
information in a way that helps him
profit we don't know that yet is it
possible that a person in a position
like this will have access to all sorts
of information that's extremely valuable
in the way that Gordon Gekko said that
information can be valuable absolutely
now of course in in a certain sense this
is not anything new the trend here these
boards have been around for a long time
there's all sorts of federal advisory
boards where you've got lobbyists and
industry people on these boards getting
access to all sorts of government
information now ostensibly they these
boards exist to advise the President to
provide him with outside counsel but
what's very little discussed is the fact
that there's the external piece of this
it's not just advice to the president
it's that the people on the boards are
getting extremely valuable information
information that can give them an
information advantage in the marketplace
so in a
what we're talking about here with
President Trump it's it's it's a big
piece of news because you have such a
direct potential connection between a
private equity executive in the private
security space now getting access to
government intelligence information that
could be commercially actionable that's
new in the sense of how blatant it is
but it's not new in the sense of the way
Washington generally works that there is
this cross over there there is this
boundary list situation where there are
no boundaries in many ways between
corporations that can profit off of
information and government which can
provide information that allows them or
helps them make those profits and get
that information advantage this is one
that's worth watching because the
potential connections are so are so
obvious are so blatant but of course
it's one that will be the hardest to
watch because it's in the national
security space the government
intelligence speights which is one of
the most shadowy areas of the government
it's not exactly a transparent area but
but the the blatant nature of what's
going on here is a big red flag that
reminds everybody of how these
relationships can work and how important
and valuable information can be for
people who are straddling that line
between corporate the corporate world
the investment world the financial world
and the government world this is David
Sirota check us out at TYT investigates
online on twitter TYT investigates or on
facebook you can find our work there you
can find my reporting there as well
