so the alleged owners of mugshots
dot-com have been arrested they are
accused of extortion and a variety of
other crimes here's what's going on the
us-based site asks anyone wanting to
have their image removed to hand over a
substantial payment it generated more
than two million dollars from people
keen to get images removed said
California's Attorney General this pay
for removal scheme attempts to profit
off someone else's humiliation said
attorney or Xavier Baqarah in a
statement though many of the charges
against people have been dismissed or
had been mistakenly arrested more than
5,700 people paid to have their image
removed from the site now this is far
from a victimless crime and I want to
highlight that people who can't pay the
fee may be denied housing jobs or other
opportunities because they're booking
photo is available on the Internet as
well as extortion the four charged are
charged with money laundering and
identity theft and as of now the site is
currently still operating so we'll have
to see how that develops and and this is
just another sort of fact from this
story that is like messed up victims
interviewed by the Inspector were asked
to pay removal fees ranging from three
hundred ninety nine dollars to five
hundred dollars it's like that really
puts someone in a hole so my favorite
story was a guy calls up and and he's
like look I'm innocent that day was a
false arrest can you please take that
picture off and as a yeah
four hundred dollars he said no no but
like you don't understand he said no I
do understand and then he hung up on it
okay so then the guy calls back and he
says no no but look you really got this
is hurting my job opportunities and and
my girlfriend broke up with me after
seeing this I even though we were had a
really good relationship for two years
and Senate this is really affecting my
life and then the guy says we'll never
answer your calls again you've been
permanently published these people are
disgusting Wow yeah and I'm so happy
they got arrested and I and you know
luckily their mugshot is now all over
the place that's right yeah I wonder if
they'll put it on their own website
they've published that's right now what
am i favorites to is like one of the
guys says no but wait a minute
I was out on the site about all the way
back in 2013
not really part of this you shouldn't do
that sorry you've been permanently
published okay when you go back and make
sure that your colleagues take off all
the people who are actually innocent it
and weren't convicted got brought
whatever probation whatever it might be
that will have a pity party for you and
how you weren't involved in the site
lately okay and you don't want your mug
shot out there yeah so basically it said
that uh the person you're referring to
was involved in the site but it ended in
2013 he said that he was just completing
some consultancy work for them okay well
you were still a consultant for them and
you do exactly I was consulting for the
laundering and consulting work did you
do homeboy like what was your consulting
yeah like was your consulting did you
cut your area to take someone's mugshot
yeah did you that your consider you can
salt your conscience yeah okay I don't
think you did yeah it's just the site is
not making the world a better any better
by existing you know I mean seriously
who and who actually wants to go and
look at the mug shots of people innocent
or guilty
it just doesn't though I know well
voters I mean it is true people light
landlords for instance do background
checks that I mean all of them do Google
searches to see what comes up everyone
except for my dad
so you know I'm helping him out with
that but you do that for obvious reasons
you want to make sure that you know
you're aware of the person that you're
renting your property out to and one
more thing so some people by the way
have been arrested for civil
disobedience and they're some of the
best people on earth right and so like
there'll be nuns who have been arrested
12 times for protesting nuclear plants
or racism etc and now you're gonna put
their mug shots on there and go ha ha
and and by the way they're not doing any
public service so a whole point of the
site and the only part of the site is
extortion yeah yeah I think the Attorney
General says if I see is this pay for
removal scheme attempts to profit off
someone else's humiliation this is
exploitation plain and simple it's they
don't even have that thinly veiled
excuse of like oh we're just trying to
protect your neighborhood right but even
in that case you should make a
landlord's pay like
the you know the victims or the you know
the people who were innocent by having
them pay most of the time I came and
afforded you know mostly you can look up
this information without looking at
someone's mugshot you know yeah that
information is accessible if you were to
do a background check this is just
adding to that humiliation it's
furthering that humiliation and the
reason they're trying to get four to
five hundred bucks out of you because
the humiliation is not the bug it's the
feature if you want to stop being
humiliated then you got to pay me yeah
and thank God they went after them this
time two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
