the shooting in Texas has led to the
loss of 10 individuals
they've lost their lives as a result of
a student coming to the campus with a
handgun and opening fire nine of those
individuals were students and one was an
adult now I want to share a video
featuring one of the students who
survived this shooting and it gives you
a sense of how traumatic this is for the
student students who just experienced
their peers get gunned down in front of
them take a look there's alarms
everybody just you know started leaving
following the same procedure as we did
nobody thought it would be this nobody
thought it was the shooting everybody
just thought it with us you know normal
procedure practice fire drills
next thing you know is here so
three gunshots a lot of explosions all
the teachers are there telling us to run
and run go like right me my friend Ryan
Ryan Calvert right into the foyer so we
could get shelter I was having a husband
tag anyway I just wanted to be safe now
if you look at the numbers twenty weeks
into 2018 there have already been 22
school shootings where someone was hurt
or killed that averages out to more than
one shooting or yeah more than one
shooting per week this is according to
analysis done by CNN these are not mass
shootings we're talking about school
shootings and so this has become all too
commonplace and in response to this
Trump mentioned that it's become all too
commonplace
so I want to show you his statement
following the shooting and then we're
gonna compare it to previous statements
that he's made in regard to other
shootings take a look this bears been
going on too long in our country too
many years too many decades now we
grieve for the terrible loss of life and
send our support and love to everyone
affected by this absolutely horrific
attack we're with you in this tragic
hour and we will be with you forever my
administration is determined to do
everything in our power to protect our
students secure our schools and to keep
weapons out of the hands of those who
pose a threat everyone must work
together
may God heal the injured and may God
comfort the wounded and may God be with
the victims or sad day very very sad
on another note yeah okay to be fair to
him those transitions are always awkward
but you know those somebody wrote those
words for him and and you know so he
says them but they're empty
absolutely someone wrote I don't think
that that part was written yeah be like
it looked to me like there was a
transition written that he didn't want
to say oh no he was he was at a he was
at a meeting with the UN yeah the head
of the UN so he made those remarks about
the shooting you know but the meeting
wasn't about right right yeah and that
was why the awkward transition out it
did it whether he wrote them or somebody
else wrote him is not at all important
the question is is he going to actually
do something is he actually going to
follow through on those words well we
have some evidence because there have
been all these shootings already he had
a plenty of opportunities to do
something this year the year before and
certainly after parkland so and did he
follow up on the words she said last
time of course not I mean there were a
lot of prayers and a lot of blessings
being handed out but there was a very
brief period of time after the Parkland
shooting where it appeared that he was
going to go off right wing messaging and
actually do something about gun control
he was gonna rage raise the age limit to
buy a gun that's right that's right
and then all of a sudden after all that
tough talk and after a meeting with NRA
people he decided not to do so and if
you look at his reaction in response
after previous shootings you'll see a
similar theme so let's take a look at
how Trump reacted to the Parkland school
shooting to every parent teacher and
child who is hurting so badly we are
here for you whatever you need whatever
we can do we are all joined together as
one American family and your suffering
is our burden also we hold on to God's
word in Scripture I have heard your
prayer
and senior tiers I will kill you I want
to speak now directly to America's
children especially those who feel lost
alone confused or even scared I want you
to know that you are never alone and you
never will be
we are committed to working with state
and local leaders to help secure our
schools and tackle the difficult issue
of mental health I will be meeting with
the nation's governors and Attorney
General's we're making our schools and
our children safer we'll be our top
priority how's that coming along and so
empty words after every shooting and
then he pretends to be a tough guy and
he any yelled at the Senators both
Democrats but mainly Republicans
actually and said oh and and at one
point at the Republican governors he
said you know you guys are scared
because of the NRA and you won't do
anything but I will they they got
nothing on me I'll do it and he said
that he was gonna take all these
different actions and then he walked him
all back and the only thing that was
left is armed teachers in other words
buy more guns from the gun manufacturers
and then put them into the schools so
that was the only thing that was left
why because the NRA loves that idea so
empty words last time empty words this
time he is completely bought and sold by
the NRA who gave 31 million dollars to
get him elected you know he should ask
the NRA for money to fund all of those
armed security guards at our schools
nationwide why doesn't the NRA pony up
the money or at least the federal
government or maybe president Trump
could suggest to Congress some sort of
legislation that they could introduce
that would provide the money that these
schools need to provide the security
that our children need if he's really
serious we all you know we we all
appreciate honesty he's not serious of
course he's not serious we know he's
never gonna do anything we know that
also by the way nothing particularly got
done in the previous administration we
had school shootings then but things
changed after Parkland and there was a
different different feeling a feeling
that we didn't have
after Connecticut after Newtown because
those kids were too young to know if the
feeling is real until after the midterm
no she won't I know I'm saying but from
from a merely the perspective of the
manner in which things were covered is
that we had 17 16 17 18 year old kids
standing up and telling calling
politicians fires to their faces and a
day or two for the mainstream media to
like be like you know we don't talk this
way right and and and and then
recognizing that this was one compelling
television and compelling stories and
and these were people unafraid to speak
truth to power the only changes that
were gonna happen the only political
pressure that was meaningfully applied
because we didn't see it under Obama we
didn't see it under Clinton particularly
we or Bush we is from these kids these
kids again here at Santa Fe High School
are old enough it sounds like they'll be
speaking right and and and no no and I'm
just saying that that it's their
relentlessness that is gonna make it I
know you're shaking your head but I'm
there's it's inconceivable the
politician after Parkland - I did I
don't think I did because I cover so
many of us and frankly it's depressing
yeah I'm glad and it's wrong right so I
really thought things were gonna change
after parking and then the demonizing
stead in what were these kids were
called every name in the book and then
slowly and you could almost feel it
physically that part of the country was
turning against these kids all the
longer were they these well-spoken young
well-meaning people all of a sudden they
were actors crisis actors they worse
what did Oliver North say Jang he called
them civil terrorists head of the NRA
called children civil parish who'd seen
that kids K so people in America believe
totally but the mere fact that the NRA
and guys like and criminals like Oliver
North sort of recognized that oh our
problem here isn't it didn't Democrats
they're not there they're not our enemy
they're not gonna get this done they
couldn't get it done
when they had the president our enemy is
the 16 17 and 18 year old kids and
calling them terrorists and they were to
reframe it so I I hear you I just think
that at least what changed after
Parkland was a different type of debate
that's still a long stretch from
meaningfully but the one thing that it
did it it it less
and the fear of Democrats the fear of
the NRA by Democrats right gave him it
gave them like a purpose it made it okay
for Democrats to come out and say hey I
believe in gun control I think there's
something wrong here maybe I shouldn't
be afraid maybe I shouldn't be afraid to
say something that's so sad that there's
16 year olds for Democratic politicians
to gather up a tiny bit occur so we now
have to count on these kids again
so but in this case well it's a
countdown to when the NRA starts
demonizing the kids in that school and
by the way you know they rightfully
asked a lot of Democratic politicians
hey Harvey Weinstein was a monster are
you gonna give the money back that he
gave you well the NRA gave Trump in
essence 31 million dollars and then they
the president of the NRA Oliver North
called the park most survivors civil
terrorists
so is Donald Trump gonna give back 231
million dollars he says he's gonna do
something I mean this nras
vicious against the victims of shootings
and he mark my words they will attack
these kids today there'll be a lot of
empty talk oh my god thoughts and
prayers and we should do something and
Trump says something I don't know it's
definitely not gonna be anything
something they won't react the same way
as the Parkland kids and I'll tell you
why that that young man that I
interviewed Avery who's Fred and
witnessed that horrible shooting of the
kid in the classroom I asked him you
know were there armed resource officers
on campus and he said yes he goes but I
don't believe that guns are the problem
here
he went there I didn't ask him he went
there I was yeah right well it's it's
Texas they just believe the culture is
different it is in Texas as well so it's
just 30 miles from Houston it's a you
know did you read that do you guys read
the quote in the first part from that
kid the the student page who said when
asked it's been hot as it happened
everywhere yeah she's like yeah we
expect no we expected at that and so
look we don't know we'll see how
obviously how it turns out my guess is
that even the culture of Texas that when
you see your kids getting shot and
murdered that at some point you go hey
maybe just maybe
there are too many guns around that and
every lunatic in the country can easily
easily get a gun legal or otherwise this
kid apparently according to authorities
just took his dad's legal gun and murder
people with it so I that at least some
of the people in that school some of the
children and some of the parents will
say yeah no no of course want me to read
you what senator Ted Cruz said I can't
wait okay what did that month I knew
that you'd all recoil he said there have
been too damn many of these senator Ted
Cruz said Texas has seen too many of
these we've seen deranged murderers
weather this morning here whether a
deranged bomber in Austin murdering
innocent people over whether six months
ago and Sutherland Springs another evil
criminal murdering innocent people
deranged voltar array but even by their
by their standard and which is totally
false because you know how much what if
our statistics different than any of the
rest of the developed world in terms of
mental health if they do not we have the
same percentage of deranged people as
Finland as UK as France generally
speaking we have the same mental issues
that here as we do in the rest of the
belt warrant it is we're not outliers we
don't have more crazy people at America
we have more than in in office yeah well
that might be true but but what we have
is guns everywhere that those countries
do not have so every crazy person can
just grab a gun and start shooting
people and you have Massacre after
massacre other countries like Australia
said hey that doesn't seem like a good
idea why don't we stop the guns and
guess what they have no mass shootings
none nonsense they do that and even by
their own standard of mental health that
Ted Cruz and and Donald Trump emphasize
so what did you do about nothing in fact
you defunded things that would help in
the mental health area so even by your
own standards you're an unbelievable
liar so Ted Cruz wasn't you funded
Donald Trump defunded it so they're
lying to they're not gonna do anything
about mental health let alone guns and
the massacres will continue unabated and
by the way one more thing the mag a
crowd okay
Trump's the best he throws everything
he's so great he solves all right great
so what did he do about the massacres
what are you do about the school
shootings nothing they're not solved are
they are you tired of winning yet no
he's a loser and he doesn't care he's
deeply corrupt so he says hey you know
rape bribes me that's your kids getting
shot what do I care that's what his
actions are shown again and again I just
want to correct one tiny thing and of
course I agree with everything you said
there was recently a shooting in
Australia but you are right in that it's
incredibly rare for these types of
shootings to occur in Australia because
of their stringent gun laws so that
would be the first one I think first
mass shooting since 1996 the yeah okay
and now this is our first mass shooting
since a couple of days ago
Carroll Carroll referenced it earlier
but the exact you know Trump and Ted
Cruz want to talk about mental health
the quote from Dan Patrick the
lieutenant governor of Texas is that
anything causes this except the guns so
mental health is their issue for him
he's a of course a fierce opponent of
gun control the issue may have been
caused by Texas schools having quote too
many entrances and too many exits yeah
it's the doors to easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
