a new grad at Kent State University in
Ohio is getting a lot of attention after
her graduation photo went viral now in
the graduation photo Caitlyn Bennett can
be seen carrying an ar-10 rifle and she
did this as a way of drawing attention
to a policy at the university that she
believes is unfair so there she is
there's another angle you know of her
with her gun and apparently the 22 year
old said that she chose to pose with the
rifle for her graduation photos because
it made for a stronger symbol that as a
non student she could at least arm
herself at the Northeast Ohio campus so
the argument is that students faculty
anyone who is affiliated with the
university works at the university or
learns at the university is not allowed
to carry any type of lethal weapon
however in the state of Ohio laws are
passed that allow people to do open
carry so if someone wants to visit the
campus and do open carry they are
allowed to do so and she believes that
that double standard is unacceptable so
again Kent State University banned
students staff and faculty from carrying
deadly weapons but state law allows
graduates and visitors to openly carry
weapons on campus and so since she had
already graduated very recently she
decided all right now I have the right
to carry my rifle on campus by the way
it's actually her brother's rifle and
she's planning on purchasing her own
very soon now that went viral and of
course there are people who support her
and then there are people who disagree
with her and unfortunately have sent her
all sorts of threats which I really wish
wasn't happening even if you disagree
with her with that said though Fox News
decided to seize on this moment to
interview her and draw some more
attention to the story and I thought
that some of her statements were
interesting let's go to the first video
and we were doing an event where we just
opened it as a discussion to people to
come talk to us about gun rights and my
cameraman got assaulted if we had a
firearm pres
on us open carried I definitely believe
that wouldn't have happened so she's
saying that people are sometimes
attacked violently on campus and she
wants to have the right to protect
herself she wants people to be able to
keep themselves safe which by the way
might be a legitimate point if crime and
violence took place on campus if it was
known as an unsafe environment but
according to reports it's actually one
of the safest campuses in the country so
Kent State University was recently
ranked the safest college campus with
more than 10,000 students and also the
25th safest in the country the
university has a full-time certified
police force of more than 30 sworn
officers who protect the campus
the officers are visible well-trained
and on duty 24/7 to protect students
staff and faculty
that's according to a statement from the
university itself but in terms of the
ranking the university didn't rank
itself the you know it's ranked
nationwide as one of the safest
universities in the country and she'd
like to make sure that then it doesn't
stay that way so Kent State shooting was
one of the most famous shootings in in
American history those were been at
times though four people died these days
that's unfortunately not a big shooting
in America and not even a big school
shooting in America but back then it was
like wow there was four people shot at
Kent State so I don't know she's
oblivious to that or thinks oh this will
be a great way to get on Fox News I'll
be an even bigger jerk and at a place
where there was this famous shooting
I'll bring this assault weapon and it
gets a kind of rub it in people's faces
so her point and she did bring up that
shooting her point was you know that
shooting was perpetrated by by the
government right and we as Americans
should have the right to carry wherever
we please however we please because that
is how we protect ourselves from a
tyrannical government what a
preposterous so look and yeah it is a
proposed I don't know why that talking
point still exists
because it doesn't take much to debunk
that talking point she believes that
Americans should have the exact access
to the same weaponry as the government
does so you think that everyone should
have access to tanks and drones yeah
RPGs and nuclear weapons it's work
where's my nuclear submarine I have to
fight tyranny yeah I'm to fight tyranny
by the way the government shot left-wing
protesters so I know she's really
concerned about laughing protest should
we alarm like we should ask her I'm sure
they asked her on Fox right because they
do a fair and balanced should we arm all
the left-wing protesters in the country
do you want that you sure you want that
and then secondarily what was she gonna
do she was gonna what shoot back at the
government we should do that now is she
mentioning this she's saying like hey I
wouldn't let that kind of shooting
happen here if cops show up I'll murder
them is that what you're saying because
I thought Fox cared about blue lives I
thought that they mattered but she's
saying the tyrannical government in that
case it would be military cops etc that
you would murder them right I mean
that's what you're saying because I
would understand what you mean by
tyrannical government and how you would
use your weapon against them because
you're not talking about speech you're
not talking about your constitutional
rights in that regard you're talking
about I have a weapon and I will murder
government officials if I view them to
be tyrannical boy you seem like you got
a great education and you seem like
you're really mentally stable so look I
I I also I want to ask more questions so
who's the arbiter of tyranny right like
who's the arbiter of that because I mean
I think about where our country is at
this moment and look I don't believe
that we're dealing with a dictator I
think he believes that he'd want to be a
dictator but luckily we have checks and
balances in the system of government in
place that at least check his power a
little bit but what if someone decides
no Trump's a dictator this is a
tyrannical government I'm gonna go ahead
and attack right I mean you who decides
it's just it's not really well thought
thought out and also even if the person
correctly determines okay we're living
in a tyrannical environment and I'm
gonna take action that person will be
smashed in a second considering the
type of weaponry our government has so
that talking point it just doesn't hold
up but I want to go to the next video
this is where she starts talking about
the issue of white privilege take a look
it's been crazy I was not expecting the
blatant racism that's been thrown at me
the right out death threats just welcome
to racism so they're saying that I have
white privilege for going out on campus
with my ar-10 they are saying that this
all has to do about me being white that
I was able to do this I think that's
very insulting to minorities I don't
think that you know anything bad what
happened to them I actually had a black
police officer with me the whole time
that was just he loved it okay so let me
jump in before you do because look that
I know that that angers and frustrates a
lot of people it frustrates me as well
but the way that she described her you
know black security guard with her I
mean that cop with her I didn't know she
said coppers security guard either way
made it abundantly clear that she
doesn't really know or understand what
white privilege is right so the point
that people are trying to make is that
open carry might be fine and dandy for
someone like her but open carry was not
fine and dandy for a lot of black
individuals who were gunned down so for
instance Tamir rice was playing with a
toy gun and people freaked out who's a
12-year old playing with a toy gun at a
park people freaked out called the cops
the cops showed up and shot him within
two seconds no questions asked so it's
not that she that she did anything wrong
per se but it just means that she will
get the benefit of the doubt if she does
decides to carry her gun openly in
public
another example is falando Castillo who
clearly told the officer during a
traffic stop I have a licensed gun in
the vehicle it's in the glove
compartment communicated that with him
and the cops shot him anyway so you have
to understand the double standards that
take place in society it's not just
saying oh you know it's not a racist
insult to say that someone has white
privilege it just means that you
have to deal with the types of
stereotypes and the lack of what do you
call it discriminations a lot yeah
exactly like you don't have to worry
about people perceiving you as a threat
simply because of the way you look so
look these conservatives they'd love to
get attention they and they love to cast
themselves as a victim so they say all
minorities love to say that there's
racism so the minute they get a chance
they're like you said I have white
privilege you're racist I'm the victim
of racism I pee oh my god I'm so I'm
such a victim everybody cry for me in
Fox's no white privilege is something it
doesn't mean we've said this a million
times doesn't mean you're rich it
doesn't mean you get wonderful things
people don't hand stuff that you to you
it means that there's things you don't
see like when someone else carries a
weapon etc so I we can give hundreds of
these examples John Crawford at Walmart
picks up a toy gun from the toy gun
shelf at Walmart where they're selling
it
cops are called on him because a black
guy is holding it they think a gun if a
white family you know how many white
families have bought toy guns at that
Walmart cuz they're selling toy guns and
he picks it up cops come in and shoot
him in two seconds they don't ask is it
a toy gun is it anything are you
graduating or you're not graduating et
cetera
you didn't even shoot Caitlin Bennet in
two seconds does anyone in their right
mind believe that in the Yale a graduate
student african-american woman studying
in her own dorm room gets the cops
called on earth it's another college
campus
she got cops cold on her for studying at
a school let alone carry an assault
weapon you think a black guy walks into
a college campus carrying an assault
weapon and he is not surrounded by cops
immediately because they don't live in
our world they don't they live in their
nice little bubble where everything is
hunky-dory yeah and you get to push
people around and make these statements
and do whatever the hell you want and
then if anyone says hey maybe that's not
a good idea please you're a total idiot
okay so one other thing that I do want
to say is look she's right in in looking
at the issue on college campuses and
saying well if these
we'll get to open-carry why don't I as a
student get to open-carry you're right
about that no one should open carry no
one should open carry on that college
campus it is a safe campus there are no
issues there I don't want to go to a
college campus to either teach or to
learn where people are carrying their
weapons openly that is not the type of
environment most people want to exist in
so I mean look and I know the university
is in a tough spot because it's a state
law this is a state school and
unfortunately they're gonna have to try
to find ways around what's going on and
the way that they deal with it is not
letting teachers and students carry the
guns on campus look these right-wingers
are mental they're mental they want all
everybody to walk around with assault
rifles oh great so the minute there's
any kind of conflict
everybody can open fire how stupid are
you how it's so incredibly dangerous
you're gonna go to a college campus with
all that drinking with all those bros
who are ready to get into a fight in a
second and you know armed all them with
assault rifles you moron you know and
you're gonna take one of the safest
campuses in the country that a terrible
school shooting at it and then you're
gonna say oh yeah I'm gonna make a great
point I think everybody should get to
carry an assault weapon I get to do
whatever I want I'm a white pretty girl
okay and then if anybody criticized me
why don't you cry for me Fox News get a
D here two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
