join me now car Eastman Cara is running
in Nebraska's second District and I
don't know if you know this but I've
been billing you as several different
things one is Giant Killer the other one
is the original Alexandria crosser
Cortez you won earlier than she did
and so car you're the Giant Killer
because you already beat a Democratic
incumbent in in the primary and and he
had been a congressman earlier now
you're moving on to the Republican so I
know we talked to you about this a
little bit before but for those that
don't know
tell us how you pulled off that upset
victory in the primary first well hi I'm
glad to be back we we did it I mean in
some ways the old-fashioned way by going
out and knocking on doors and talking to
voters we knocked on over 60,000 doors
in the primary just asking people what
they were looking for and their
representative about the things that
they care about the issues that were
impacting them and so it was really just
hard work I mean I think that running on
a bold pragmatic but progressive message
also helped and I like to think that I'm
a good candidate so maybe that helped
you well I think that we were pretty
sure about that at this point so at the
time it was 60,000 doors that you guys
had not done how many is it now over
120,000 that's what I love hard worst
volunteers real people making a giant
difference you know I used to say on the
show we're coming to your house we're
coming to your house yeah you did it you
literally you went to their house and so
now here's encouraging news oftentimes
progressives don't get the backing of
the Democratic Party after they win a
primary but it seems like in your case
that that they have rallied behind you a
little bit is that right yeah actually
we have a lot of support including from
Barack Obama so pretty good yeah yeah
we'll take it back bless look it's it's
not like we're opposed to the Democratic
Party helping progressives we want that
that's that's right so Barack Obama's
endorsed you that's great and and has
the party helped financially at all they
have they have yeah I mean all the
groups that stayed out and the primary
have now come in we've got a lot of
support from labor a lot of support from
the party and and most importantly we
have support from individuals and so
many people who have donated from the
district outside the district and I'm
really proud of the number of people
who've gotten involved in the campaign
yet look we're just running a promo
during the break as you know we were
going between yes and it was me talking
a while back about taking over the
Democratic ghost ship but I mean when
you win a primary you're the Democratic
nominee and and it's a very winnable
district they'd be crazy not to help you
so bang that's it you're now you know
the the party in Nebraska's second
district so that's great I just want
people to understand that car did it you
can do it we can all do it and and so I
you know in a lot of ways you're an
inspiration on that and we appreciate
that car thank you thank you and okay
now let's talk about how winnable
disgraces so you're incumbent is Don
bacon and and Trump came in rallied for
him recently god help them or don't so
first off how close is the race it's
close and we have polls showing that
we're in a dead heat
he's got polls showing him up and so
that means that I just need everybody to
keep supporting and we need to get as
many people out there voting as possible
because it's really gonna come down to
turnout as in most other races around
the country but the fact that we double
Democratic turnout and the primary in
May is pretty significant yeah and look
a car is a just Democrat don't mean she
does not take over PAC money and so and
she raised an unbelievable amount of
money in the last quarter 1.2 over 1.2
million but average donation is 47 bucks
so
Oh sounded $19.70 oh is that right okay
that my notes are wrong okay wow that's
an amazing amount of money to raise from
small donors an amazing amount so but
you got it you got to do that because
the other side has hold a corporate PAC
money and an erase that's winnable even
the Democratic Party thinks this
winnable you got a that's you got to put
her over the top so I don't hide my
opinions I'm a million percent behind
Cara and and I and from day one right so
now let's talk about Bacon's record a
little bit and how bad is he in in terms
of being a right-wing conservative back
intro I don't think it can get much
worse his voting record has been 98
percent with the president he's voted to
take away healthcare voted for the
ridiculously horrible tax bill he he the
problem with him is that he he has a
good talk he tells people he stands with
dreamers and he stands for TPS and and
then he votes for the border wall so
he's he's not representing the values of
the people of the district he's not
representing the values of Americans and
he needs to he needs to be replaced
yeah and and especially in Nebraska car
if you win it's a it's a major victory
for progressives all over because we
were told that that we couldn't win in
places like Nebraska and we couldn't
beat Republican incumbents so I just
think that your race is one of the most
important ones in the country so let's
talk about why you got into it in the
first place there because you're not a
politician
so what possessed you to run and then
there was a powerful Democratic
incumbent in the race well why'd you do
it I made the decision to run in 2016
actually before the presidential
election after my mom was diagnosed with
cancer for the fifth time and prescribed
a pill that was $25 $2,500 that she
couldn't afford to take and and I
learned at that point that she was also
paying $800 a month for her
prescriptions she had a lot of illnesses
including cancer and at that time we
were hearing so much about repealing or
replacing the Affordable Care Act but
we weren't really hearing about people
like my mom and now that I've been doing
this for as long as I have for over a
year and a half campaigning I just I
meet people everyday who are telling me
that they are struggling with the same
issue I met a woman who said her
family's paying $18,000 a month for her
prescriptions this is outrageous and you
know it's at that time when my mom told
me about this I remember thinking that
this this was gonna be such a
significant piece of our life and my mom
actually ended up passing away a year
ago and wasn't able to leave the house
because she wasn't able to take that
pill and I don't want anybody in the
United States to have to go through what
my mom went through my husband and I
just finished paying an attorney to help
us with all those medical bills that
were coming to us after my mom passed
away and again I've met way too many
people that are struggling with the same
issue and so I got into this because I
want to work on health care that's my
background I'm a social worker I've been
running nonprofits that focus on health
and other social racial environmental
justice issues and I think I'm somebody
that can actually go in and and gets
things done or at least work my butt off
trying did you say eighteen thousand
dollars a month and 25 thousand dollars
for a pill yep this is madness I mean
that's just people saying the rich can
live I mean and you got to be super rich
to afford either one of those spills and
everybody else go ahead and die I mean
privatizing sneakers and jeans makes
sense
privatizing healthcare means the rich
live and the rest of us die that's crazy
that's crazy
so okay now in your district is the mess
is the word out that that's crazy I've
been hearing all across the country
number one issue that that people are
talking about what it's either
corruption money in politics etc or
healthcare is that the same thing in
Nebraska absolutely health care is the
number one thing people talked to me at
the doors about and look there there are
people who don't think that Medicare for
all is the solution or they don't stay
to have a read the expanded improved
Medicare for all X so this idea of this
umbrella
term medicare-for-all isn't isn't for
them but what we do talk about is the
fact that prescription drugs are out of
control and they agree that we need to
do something about them and I was
talking to some health care
professionals last night who after
talking to me for a few minutes
said oh now I now I understand this
issue I talked to a conservative the
other day who asked me how we pay for
Medicare for all I gave him three
sentences and he said okay I'm with you
I'm voting for you I think we've just
gotten used to the fact that we all pay
high deductibles copays premiums
out-of-pocket costs and that there and
we are aware that there's another system
out there that could be a lot better for
all of us I mean the average family of
four making fifty four thousand dollars
a year is paying $10,000 a year for
health care that's insane as so much
money and and it doesn't have to be like
that yeah like I said it's one thing
when other corporations crush us for
profit it's another one it's the health
care industry so just again out of
curiosity in Nebraska you got health
care is is corruption in in the top two
like everywhere else or is it another
issue and if it is what's the third
corruption comes up a lot I actually
have a no organizer on my team who is an
expert at flippin Republican votes by
talking about corruption and the fact
that I'm not taking corporate PAC money
but education comes up a lot at the
doors and especially student debt I'm on
the board of governors of our Community
College which is an elected position and
and that's something that I'm really
passionate about this the third thing
that people talk about all those
Cavanagh have been coming up a lot
lately is school shootings we've been
victimized by school shootings and have
had mass shootings in our own community
and people are looking for policy makers
to take proactive stances on
common-sense gun safety regulations oh
man it's so winnable all right so we got
to put it over the top and car is one of
the original progressives who ran and
and was bold
so Eastman for congress.com make sure
please you go to the website find out
more donate volunteer do all you can
so we can show everybody how
progressives do it anywhere in the
country including in Nebraska Carson
thank you for joining us appreciate it
thanks so much on the go don't worry we
got you covered
you still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
