Donald Trump decided that he was gonna
be a tough guy and and this is what his
voters think that he liked and he said
I'm gonna slap tariffs on China okay and
he slapped tariffs on Chinese steel now
later of course he decided well ZT which
is a telecommunications industry company
the fourth largest one in the world
second-largest Chinese company in that
industry he's like well I'm gonna lift
those sanctions be even though they had
done the things that were illegal and
had to pay a 1.2 billion dollar fine
because he said he was concerned about
jobs in China is that what you signed up
for if you're a trump voter put aside
the corruption and I talked about that
earlier in the week that it turns out
Indonesia is gonna pay Donald Trump a
ton of money for a licensing fee on a
resort that the Chinese government just
put a billion dollars into it's unreal
corruption but even if you don't believe
that you're a Donald Trump supporter
you're mango all the way did he run this
campaign telling you that he was gonna
create jobs in China he said in the
Tweed too many jobs lost in China we got
to get it back what you're not their
president he offers this exact opposite
of what you were saying so at least on
the steel tariffs he did that and what
they're supposed to bring back jobs to
America right get it of course not
so Bloomberg is reporting that the
Chinese have struck back as of course we
suspected that they would and one of the
ways that they did was they wound up
stopping
trade with the US on soybeans so I have
you know in the soybean industry might
not think that's a big deal but it's a
giant deal that's a ton of money so
everybody in the US soybean industry is
very hurt by that and chief executive
officer of Sora Schroeder says of Bungie
limited I'm not sure I pronounced the
company's name right but he says
whatever they're buying and referring to
the Chinese is non-us so oops they're
not buying us anymore and that likely
will cost us a ton of jobs so
who are the countries that are
benefiting from this well Brazil
apparently is benefiting a lot and so is
Canada but there is a third country I
bet you'll never guess who it is
of course it's Russia China nearly
tripled its purchases of Russian
soybeans setting a record so Putin and
and the Chinese are thrilled with that
tariff and trade award that Donald Trump
started with China because their
business is booming and Lars is not
Trump supporters is that what you
bargained for I thought we were supposed
to create jobs here in America but hold
now a different story from the Lexington
herald-leader in Kentucky of Trump
voters who are gravely disappointed to
find out what he's doing and in this
case it's with the h-2b visas so these
are visas for temporary workers they're
not undocumented immigrants they are
documented they come in to do a specific
job and then they go and a lot of the
business in America use them and rely on
them to stay in business well a number
of the Trump voters in Kentucky who run
these businesses realize oops
Trump stop those visas well mainly stop
them there's a huge twist at the end so
they feel betrayed no I actually think
that they have no right to feel that way
he told you he didn't like immigrants he
was very clear about that
he told you is gonna target immigrants I
know but with Trump voters they always
think like oh yeah go get those bad guys
not me right I'm gonna be great right oh
no no it affects me Mike one of my
favorite stories is guys on the border
between Texas and Mexico their land is
on the border and Trump says okay I'm
gonna build a wall right through your
property and they're like what why are
you doing that well I didn't want that
then why did you vote for him he said he
was gonna build a wall on the border so
it's a similar story here any divine
owner of divine creations landscaping
says quote I feel like I've been tricked
by the devil okay and to be fair to him
he's very frank about this and
seen the error of his ways and and he
says I feel so stupid
now look to be fair to Eddie Devine and
the others some of the Trump voters
think well if it doesn't affect me I
don't care and then sometimes they're
shocked to find that it affects them but
but for others they thought no he's
gonna go after the undocumented
immigrants why would he stop this legal
program that helps our businesses and
hurts American jobs as well because if
the company goes under all the Americans
who work at that company also go out of
business right well that's because he
doesn't care about you he never cared
about you all he ever cared about was
Donald Trump and again the twist at the
end will prove it
so now go back to the Lexington
herald-leader device says it's been
years since he could find enough
dependable drug for American workers for
his $12 an hour jobs moving and tending
landscapes for cemeteries shopping
centers and apartment complexes across
central Kentucky so it's not like he's
not trying he's like look I offer the
jobs I offer them every year at $12 in
Kentucky is you know a decent wage for
that job and I just can't get American
workers to do it it looks something
where you might say hey increase the
wages and you might hold because there's
a second business that has higher wages
that I'm going to tell you about in fact
they explained he isn't alone this is
across the country now Hudson h-2b visas
are hurting small businesses across the
country they can't find Americans
willing to do hard manual labor Maryland
crab processors Texas shrimp fishermen
and Kentucky landscapers and
construction companies so that brings us
to the construction company in Kentucky
this is run by Ken moanin it's moanin
construction and he explains we live and
die by these visas and he's worried that
his company is gonna go bankrupt now
here's a quote from him he says
Americans don't want most of these jobs
he pays his workers about $17 an hour
that's construction and he said I've
been in this business 20 years it's hard
hot work now this is what a lot of
progressives said and because service
didn't believe us look how much
immigration we should have it in the
country is a perfectly legitimate
question and debate to have but but when
the right wing says oh and as Trump
famously said all the people come in and
our or most of the people coming in are
our bad guys are criminals rapists etc
and they demonize immigrants and they
say oh that's okay Americans without a
tear do these jobs anyway they're
stealing our jobs but in case after case
we didn't make it up we we saw in
happening in different communities way
before this election ever happened
states like Georgia tried this and
Alabama where they would do raids and in
some of the cases was for people who
were working in with in with
undocumented status and they would take
all those people out and then oops they
couldn't run the plants they couldn't
run the factories they couldn't run the
different businesses and then they would
change their minds and then bring them
back in okay and so we told you that yes
in a lot of these instances even though
it's depressing you can't find a lot of
Americans to do this job these jobs and
in this case these are not undocumented
immigrants they are going through a
legal program called h-2b and and it
turns out Trump is killing these
businesses Devine and moanin who also
voted for Trump so they're both Trump
voters think the president understands
the issue but it's politically trapped
by the far-right they're actually giving
him way too much credit he does not
understand any of the issues this is the
only thing that Donald Trump understands
does it relate to me and give me an
advantage okay great then I care a lot
about it is it about someone else and I
don't care it at all at all your
construction company or your landscaping
company in Kentucky of course not
and so Eddie Devine and now having seen
the light goes well sis this isn't about
the economy or protecting businesses or
our jobs because all other Americans
that work at this company are all gonna
go get you know get fired and go out of
the company's gonna go out of business
and etc and and and they're gonna have
to go and get unemployment cetera so now
Devine says wait a minute quote I think
there's a war on brown people you want
to say it with me Oh
because it look racism is a part of it
but the whole point was to demagogue was
to pick people who are considered to
others whether they're Latinos or
Muslims and demonize them dehumanize
them that's why Trump keeps calling
undocumented immigrants animals
he used the excuse of no I mean ms-13
but then you're lumping in all
immigrants with ms-13 which is even
worse and so that was a political
objective so that he could gain power
was it to actually protect American
workers and American companies of course
not but there is one company that he
didn't decide to protect and that's what
get some of these guys skin the most so
as a Lexington herald-leader reports
here but what makes divine most angry is
that Trump's properties in Florida in
New York have used a hundred and forty
four h-2b workers says 2016 the same
exact visas he's restricting he has not
restricted for his own businesses and he
continues to use since he's been
president so divine says I want to know
why it's okay for him to get his workers
but supporters like me don't get theirs
because Eddie it was never about you it
was never about the voters it was never
about the American people it was always
about me me me me about Donald Trump
gaining power gaining wealth wealth he
did not have and in finding a way to
demagogue to gain that power and wealth
and you were pawns in his game I'm glad
that you realize it now go tell your
family and friends this guy is in it for
only one person Donald Trump don't let
him trick the next set of Americans
thinking that he would ever deliver for
them that's not the purpose two easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
