let's see Donald Trump upon hearing
about the fact that North Korea might
walk away from these meetings this was
his reaction that's helpful we don't
know nothing we ain't got nothing gonna
be nothing that's what I got it's not
much of a racer there and actually
that's a fine reaction because you
should wait to see what happens you
didn't say I have a bigger button more
tweets yeah he didn't say anything
provocative there was no ruckus there so
that's fine and I'm gonna say something
unacceptable man he looks so orange God
mani sometimes you look at him and you
are literally orange dude that's no joke
and but that it's unacceptable because I
accept people of all colors and so I
don't want to be bigoted towards out the
orange community which is made up of two
people maybe three Trump Boehner and
Snooki so here's the thing the the the
military exercise and all that they're
their problem with that yeah I totally
get it maybe North Korea the leadership
has been talking and they realized well
it looks like we've been giving too much
I mean we said we were gonna shut down
this military site yeah it already
exploded and killed a couple hundred
people a few months back I don't really
matter that we're shutting it down but
we said that we would and that seems
like a concession also we gave back to
three prisoners this is looking like too
much so maybe they felt some sort of
knee-jerk need to show that they're not
gonna go along with everything and so we
want you to shut down these military
exercises or curtail them in the future
or whatever that's just negotiations
that doesn't really matter going back
and forth the other concern that North
Korea apparently has is how the
Americans have been pitching what their
goal is and how they're gonna get the
goal in North Korea that goal is
denuclearization getting rid of their
nuclear program getting it out of the
country stripping it down and that is
what Trump has been saying he's going to
get that's why he's getting the Nobel
Prize and unfortunately North Korea
saying no no we're not doing that and
they want I
it's not impossible it's again
negotiations maybe with enough
assurances that we won't attack them or
invade them I guess maybe they would
allow it or something like that but
there are very real reasons to believe
that Kim jong-un is never going to give
up his nuclear weapons if he believes
that that would precipitate either an
overthrow inside of his country or from
outside of his country and they are
saying that how John Bolton and how
Donald Trump are talking about ninu
denuclearization needs to end and that
if you're worried about not just the
back-and-forth of negotiations but the
long term possibility for peace on the
peninsula that is the important part of
information here so it that's exactly
right and that's the crux of this all
this show me ship before the actual
meeting and negotiations is not that
important as long as it doesn't break
down the actual meeting and I think they
will still have it I think Kim Jong Un's
just pounding his chest a little bit and
they both do that but at the end of the
day the and this is really interesting
the reason the North Koreans don't want
to get rid of their nukes is they think
that Qaddafi made a terrible mistake in
Libya that when he got rid of his
nuclear program that left him totally
vulnerable so many years later even
though America and the West had promised
them that hey if you get rid of your
nukes will you know we'll be just fine
they did invade him they did bomb him
and apparently according to reports the
North Korean leadership has watched the
video of catan Qaddafi being dragged
through the streets with a metal pipe in
his rectum and they're like that is not
gonna happen to us so we will keep our
nuclear energy program no matter what
but then if that's the case I don't know
what we're meeting about and and so I
know they want to do some things that
are important like turn the
Demilitarized Zone into a peace zone and
some of the things I don't want to
dismiss it those are important worthy
goals but if our goal is to make sure
that they don't have a nuclear program
any more then we might be sending out
ourselves up for failure and that
failure if it causes further provocation
could be really dangerous two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you are notified of
our videos
