you guys remember book tada al Sutter he
was the founder of the Maquis army and
get back to them in a second but those
guys who led to a surgeon sees against
the United States
well maybe you hadn't heard of muqtada I
know well but guess what
he just won their elections in our Iraq
look tada how's that for a magic trick
alright so let me go to Reuters to
explain populist cleric moqtada al-sadr
a longtime adversary of the United
States has all but won Iraq's
parliamentary election the Electoral
Commission said in a surprise turn a
fortune for the Shiite leader surprise
now I am not overly surprised by the
humor I didn't predict through any
rescue I'll tell you why I'm not
surprised it's because he's a populist
now I've got more details on that in a
second but what have I told you all
across the world whether it's brexit or
it's Corbin whether it's Trump or Bernie
Sanders or even in this case muqtada
al-sadr who's a terrible guy in a lot of
ways if you run as a populist you are
more likely to win it's not rocket
science but here in America the
Democrats in the media assist insists no
don't run as a populist you know what
you should do you should be part of a
corrupt system and tell everybody that
everything's gonna be okay and that the
system is wonderful brilliant electoral
strategy it never works anywhere so now
what what did work here and and what's
the ramifications for Iraq reuters
explains in the first election since the
Islamic state was defeated in the
country iran-backed Shiite militia chief
Hadi
Amira's bloc was in second place while a
prime minister haider al-abadi was once
seen as a front-runner trailed in third
now why did her body the current prime
minister lose unlike a body a rare ally
of both the United States and Iran
Sutter is an opponent of both countries
so Sutter went with the Iraq first
strategy meanwhile the current prime
minister who was beholden to both
Iranian corruption and US corruption
survival over us
aren't they great and the people of Iraq
we're like no I don't think they're
great you're going down a third and once
again all the media and everyone else is
shocked the guy who is a populist wound
up winning a surprising victory the guy
who said that he would continue the
current corrupt system with a shocking
loss if you watch The Young Turks you're
thinking of course everyone else they go
oh one one what's going on I can't
figure it out okay now why are we not
happy about this Sutter has led two
uprisings against US forces in Iraq and
is one of the few Shiite leaders to
distance himself from Iran well we're
one for one therefore so Iraq is now has
and has always been in modern history
largely Shiite it's about 60 percent
Shiite the rocket scientists
neoconservatives in this country thought
oh no will topple them and then even
though there are larger share they will
not align with Iran but they did and
they have for quite some time but at the
end of the day there is some surprising
good news out of this again don't
celebrate without is not a good guy I'll
show you some stuff about him in a
second but there's two piece of good
news
one is well now the Iraqis went yeah
yeah we're at largely Shiite and so is
Iran but we're our own country and we
don't want to be beholden to them and we
don't want to be ruled by that so that's
good news and Iran is no ally of ours
and they run by the Ayatollah
McDonald Sadr his father was an
Ayatollah anyway they wanted their own I
told but the fact that they are
independent from Iran if all this comes
to fruition is good news I have more
details on that one second to the other
good news is to be fair that looks like
a democracy because if we had rigged it
we would not have put muqtada al-sadr in
charge there's no way we would have done
that so they kind of had a real vote and
that's why it was surprising and in our
case in America our oligarchs choose who
they're going to donate the most money
to those people
nine out of ten times within the primary
in fact 95 out of a hundred times win
the race overall because the press goes
well whoever has the most money must be
the most legitimate so our elections are
not as honest as this and apparently
we're just shocking look I'm actually
giving credit here to people I mean I
I'm not sure that I would have expected
Iraq to ever have an actual democracy in
any way shape or form so I'm coming
clean on that and I'm surprised by that
turn of events not if you if you have a
real election that will the populous win
yes
I'm not at all surprised by that the
fact that we had apparently some sort of
real election in Iraq I am a bit
surprised by that so fair is fair and
credit where credit is due
now let's turn to why Iran is not happy
about this celebration is erupted on the
streets of Baghdad after the
Commission's announcement with thousands
of Sadr supporters singing chanting
dancing and setting off fireworks while
carrying his picture and waving Iraqi
flags many chanted Iran out okay damn
and then the advisor to Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei in Iran had this quote to say
about Sadr we will not allow liberals
and communists to govern in Iraq well
whether you allowed it or not he seems
so won the election okay
but that's fascinating now that McDonald
started which is opposed to Iran has won
there like a liberal a nobody's liberal
okay he might be a populist he might be
against corruption as you're about to
see I guess in some ways that makes you
a progressive your guess corruption but
in other ways especially it is and
here's the fundamentalist Islam liberal
he's not a communist it's the Communist
Party supported him because they thought
well all other choices are so horrific
is so corrupt that he's the lesser of
those evils apparently so now understand
he got the most votes his party got the
most votes he didn't actually put in a
parliamentary system he asked to run for
a particular seat he did not so if his
party
forms the majority coalition he would
get to pick the prime minister he
wouldn't be Prime Minister himself but
he might not even get that opportunity
he got 1.3 million votes
second place 1.2 and third place 1.1
million so it's possible the second and
third place can form a coalition without
him so we'll have to see how that
government comes together and Iran might
still have the last word because the
guys who came in second and third do owe
allegiance to Iran as I explained the
prime minister also or some only just
the United States so they might find a
way to block him but they could not find
a way to defeat him at the polls now why
are we not happy about muqtada al-sadr
well first the Trump administration
Sattar has denounced president Donald
Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem
as Israel's capital and demanded the
closure of the American Embassy in
Baghdad now I don't want our embassy in
Baghdad closed but I understand why he's
making that statement again he's a
populist and and I think you know a lot
of countries Ireland Belgium's South
Africa agree that that decision to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
was a disastrous one but don't mistake
muqtada al-sadr for any kind of guy that
would be helpful to the West or Western
ideas or secularism etc so if you want
to look see what the math the army looks
like here's some pictures from the bad
old days they launched two insurgencies
against US troops and and killed a lot
of American soldiers so it was so bad
that it was part of the reason why we
couldn't have our puppet government run
of Iraq the insurgency was too effective
honestly and so I want a secular
government I don't all across the world
so this kind of bhakti army that is more
fundamentalist and opposed to the United
States is no friend of ours but that's
not how you get elected in Iraq by being
a friend of the u.s. that wouldn't work
and it didn't work
so and by the way I gave credit earlier
here to the Bush administration in
essence because I did not think there
would ever be a real democracy in Iraq
on the other hand they were convinced
that if there was a real
democracy in Iraq that Iraqis would
obviously support whoever we pick to be
Prime Minister
they were preposterous ly wrong about
okay now so why did Sadr win
well Reuters explains projecting himself
as an Iraqi nationalist sutter has a
zealous following among the young poor
and dispossessed
I'm telling you politics is not
difficult hey if you say that you're
going to represent the majority of the
country you might get a majority of the
country to vote for you now in a
parliamentary system he didn't get the
majority but he did get the most votes
so there are a lot of poor people in
Iraq if you say to them I'm gonna look
out for you instead of the elite they're
more likely to vote for you again here
in the in America the media is so warped
they're so part of the elite that they
cannot see straight they think oh if you
try to represent the poor of the middle
class you'll never win you should just
tell everybody that the system is
totally fine look at these wonderful
Democrats like Hillary Clinton telling
everybody everything's a-okay that is a
terrible terrible electoral strategy by
the way they're gonna try to do it again
in 2020 hopefully some of us will stop
them okay so now that's one part of it
another part of it is it's the
corruption stupid run against the
corruption it works all across the world
during the campaign frustrated Iraqis of
all shades complained about their
political elites systematic patronage
bad governance and corruption saying
they did not receive any benefit of
their country's oil wealth so here in
America our productivity is sky-high
I've shown this to you over and over
again and our wages have been stagnant
for the last 40 years so they see the
wealth Americans the average American
but they don't have the wealth why cuz
they got robbed who did they get robbed
by yes by the elites who are the donors
to the politicians in the case of Iraq
they see the oil there's a lot of wealth
in Iraq but they don't have it that
average man in Iraq doesn't have it so
when a populist in this case a bad guy
comes along and says oh yeah I'll
represent the poor and I'll end the
corruption
completely unsurprisingly he wins now
imagine if there was actually a good guy
who was a populist who actually meant
that they would represent the poor and
the middle class and who actually meant
that they would end the corruption
wouldn't that be amazing in any country
but here we are again in Iraq the same
result as all over the world run as a
populist run against corruption and you
could nearly guarantee victory
so muqtada al-sadr as bad a guy as he
might be and as much as he might have
attacked us is no one's dummy and that's
why he's back and now perhaps in charge
of Iraq
hey neo-cons did you think you'd be
handing Iraq to muqtada al-sadr and his
Mock the army no you didn't did you
brilliantly played now of course they'd
like to do it again in Iran buckle up
and brace for impact
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
