good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
the Middle East is again ablaze beset by
tensions between rival powers and
factions and simmering with political
strife and talk of war today a
delegation sent my President Trump to
Jerusalem to inaugurate the new US
Embassy there was greeted with huge
protests in Gaza where Palestinians
attempted to traverse the boundary that
keeps them locked inside that besieged
territory his Whalley forces fired on
the protesters killing at least 52 with
more than 2400 injured Israel's position
is that the action was necessary for
defense of their country
Palestinians view it to say the least is
an overreaction and inhumane just a
short distance away president Trump's
team joined with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to herald the new
embassy the mood in Gaza was anything
but celebratory it was the deadliest day
for Palestinians since the 2014 war
Jared Kushner the president's son-in-law
and would-be diplomatic representative
declared at the ceremony that the new
embassies opening has quote shown the
world the United States can be trusted
but too many around the world last week
suggested the opposite in one of the
most consequential acts of his tenure so
far President Trump announced that the
US would renege on the Iran nuclear
agreement the announcement brought
Iranians to the streets to denounce the
president as just another in a long line
of American deceivers and cheats the
Iran agreement was painstakingly
negotiated under the Obama
administration and its success was
contingent on an assurance that future
administration's would keep America's
into the bargain that proved untenable
with President Trump and his circle of
hardliners and hawks
such as new national security adviser
john bolton for whom confronting Iran at
every turn has been a long-standing and
unwavering foreign policy goal it also
proved untenable with the present
leadership in Israel whose Prime
Minister has consistently pressed for
anti Iran belligerence shortly after the
deal was terminated his radio forces
bombed Iranian military infrastructure
in Syria sparking fears of wider
regional conflict
Abuk door Lieberman the Israeli Defense
Minister demanded that Syrian forces
quote get rid of the Iranians none of
this bodes well for peace although
President Trump says that peace is what
he seeks as he often has mr. Trump
referred to the nuclear agreement as
horrible for America and defective at
its core when he announced its
cancellation last week the fact is this
was a horrible one-sided deal that
should have never ever been made it
didn't bring calm it didn't bring peace
and it never will it is clear to me that
we cannot prevent an Iranian nuclear
bomb under the decaying and rotten
structure of the current agreement the
Iran deal is defective
at its core if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen but questions
questions such as what really is more
horrible and defective a diplomatic
framework however imperfect it may have
been for reaching some kind of accord
between two decades old adversaries or a
never-ending hostile back-and-forth
replete with cascading threats cyber
attacks and brinksmanship contrary to
Kushner's bold declaration today the
president's action last week tended to
confirm much of what much of the world
already suspected that America is not a
reliable partner in such diplomatic
endeavours rather in the view of many in
the world too often America opts for
bellicosity
over diplomacy mr. Trump ignored the
pleas of traditional American allies
France United Kingdom Germany to remain
in the deal
instead he opted to solidify his bond
with Israel in Saudi Arabia both sworn
enemies of Iran these are the countries
on whom America now has staked its
diplomatic fortunes and now war with
Iran could very well be on the horizon
it's being talked about John Bolton
along with Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo both firmly a meshed in the Trump
inner circle have in the past call for
bombing Iran and now by any reasonable
analysis the chances of some armed
violent conflict with Iran and possibly
a white war have increased all of which
raises the question must we forever be
stuck in 1979 the year of the Iranian
Revolution when this cycle of mutual
malice and spite began or can we finally
forge a different path current events
suggest too many that only when the
tired habits of yesterday are finally
discarded and new forward-thinking
leaders rise to meet the challenges of
international diplomacy will we find the
answer today that day seems far in the
future and the great many innocents will
be killed or maimed before we got there
coming up next
problems mount for the president's
personal attorney so stay here with us
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senators Bernie Sanders
why not bathroom during the 2016
primaries
why be a Democrat at all and we're in
the time where it's not in good
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history the president's personal
attorney one Michael Cohen cannot seem
to stay out of the spotlight with each
passing day it seems his admitted payoff
to adult film star stormy Daniels opens
up another can of worms last week we
learned that some of America's largest
corporations tried to leverage a
relationship with Cohen to exert
influence over the Trump administration
influence peddling to put it bluntly
Novartis the drug maker acknowledged
that its 1.2 million dollar contract
with Cohen's law firm was a quote
mistake
1.2 million that is some stake it's not
clear what expertise Cohen possessed
about health care policy so what was
Novartis hoping to get out of their deal
AT&T also acknowledged a costly mistake
of its own paying Cohen $600,000 for
quote counsel regarding its proposed
multi-billion dollar merger with Time
Warner it's not clear what expertise
Cohen possessed about telecommunications
policy so what was 18 t hoping to get
out of the deal both corporations only
express regret after their association
with Cohen surfaced in the press so take
their quote regret with a grain of salt
it's true Cohen has stayed in the
headlines in part because the story of
the Daniels affair is just too steamy to
ignore but now the sexual liaison is
almost beside the point
Cohen has come to matter because of the
insight that he provides into the nature
of our political system the lucrative
payments for unspecified advice
the millions of dollars exchanging hands
that would have never become public but
for a curious lawsuit involving a
pornstar Cohen is but one symptom of a
political culture of wash in corporate
cash where influence and access sell to
the highest bidder often such
transactions don't make their way to the
public headlines it's just politics as
usual but the unusual aspects of Cohen
his mysterious relationship with the
president his surly demeanor his brash
style have highlighted some truths about
how our government works that are all
too ordinary when we ask why the biggest
corporations among others always seem to
get their way in public policy we can
look to these dealings with Cohen as
fresh evidence the ailing hero John
McCain beleaguered though he may be from
fighting brain cancer never seems to be
far from the headlines in the waning
days of his career McCain has endeavored
to leave one last mark on American
politics which were better or worse he
has influence for over half a century
above all McCain's message is one of
civility of embodying honor to the
greatest degree one is capable honor in
one's personal conduct honor and one's
professional moraines honoring one's
service to the nation
to quote serve a cause greater than self
as McCain has so often said one need not
abide every aspect of McCain's political
philosophy to affirm these nonpartisan
truths haven't noticed there's been
plenty about McCain too criticized over
the years but here he's right as rain
only through civility may become to
better understand one another and to
forge a path ahead grounded in empathy
honesty and respect it is so very
telling men that the White House cannot
seem to countenance this message with a
president whose political brand is
pretty
don't insult degradation and crudeness
how can this White House ever hope to
embody disability that McCain now
promotes this incapacity for civility
was again affirmed last week when a
White House a dismiss McCain's
opposition to CIA director nominee Gina
hash ball during a White House
communications meeting one Kelly Sadler
a special assistant to the president
reportedly said of McCain he's dying
anyway well he may be but he was also a
victim of torture while Hosmer was a
perpetrator of torture
so perhaps McCain's words on this matter
carry more weight than the aide may want
to acknowledge and McCain certainly
knows plenty about what civility really
means coming up next year voters in
North Carolina takes stock of president
Trump's immigration policies
I know what you're thinking I love how
do you like you like lip you do
something with your lips will you play
the sound closed and I'm like is he is
he like lip synching I don't know I
never noticed it until you said it's a
funny habit look we're doing interviews
over there at youtube.com slash tyt
interviews and we've done some amazing
ones recently so now of course you know
that the person most widely considered
to be the most progressive senator is
Bernie Sanders
why not backup during the 2016 primaries
why be a Democrat at all and we're the
time where you cannot in good conscience
sit on the sidelines of history in 2017
you know the old saying all politics is
local sometimes hard to remind ourselves
of that with so much concentration on
President Trump and what's happening in
Washington but with that thought in mind
at base all politics is local let's go
to North Carolina where president
Trump's immigration policies have taken
center stage in a slew of local law
enforcement contests the president's
affinity for the harsh tactics of ice or
Immigration and Customs Enforcement has
been one of the most prominent features
of his tenure in office so far as mr.
Trump praises ice he has called on local
authority to follow the federal
government's lead and crackdown on quote
illegal immigration
now the Trump effect is changing the
political landscape in jurisdictions
grappling with just how to respond
Sheriff Irwin Carmichael of Mecklenburg
County North Carolina is a
self-described conservative Democrat who
trumpeted his police forces cooperation
with federal immigration enforcement
under the so-called 287g program under
this 287g program anyone arrested in the
county for no matter how trivial an
offense can be screened for immigration
status and sent to deportation
proceedings
sheriff Carmichael appeared on Fox News
in March to tout the program whereby
local law enforcement voluntary
cooperates with federal officials to
identify immigration violations this
program is about safety and security of
our facility and also this county what
do you say to people that think that
even if you're here in this country
illegally and
you are also committing crimes you still
don't deserve to be deported or have to
deal with ice you know a lot of folks
always say that we're ripping families
apart again I always tell everyone you
will never ever encounter this program
unless you're arrested and charged with
a crime in Peralta our jail that is the
only time you're going to encounter the
287g program for as little as a traffic
offence arrestees have been held in
custody
Carmichael represents a dwindling
political animal the old-style white
conservative southern Democrat that is
in general definition a Democrat my name
but a Republican by inclination in
action all but wiped out on the federal
level vestiges still remained in certain
localities especially in the provinces
of law enforcement though Mecklenburg
County had participated in the 287g
program since 2006 it took president
Trump's bluster and it's trickle-down
effect on local affairs to concentrate
political attention on the program's
harms avoid by the fervor mr. Trump
brings to everything he touches
attorneys activists and other members of
civil society in the Charlotte area
joined forces to oppose the program and
to a poster of Carmichael for his
participation in it the ACLU which spent
175 thousand dollars on the May eighth
primary election accused Carmichael of
working hand-in-hand with quote trumps
deportation force that proved to be a
salient message Carmichael was trounced
in last week's election finishing in
last place the victor former police
detective Gary McFadden repudiated
Carmichael stance on election night he
declared that the 287g program quote is
going to be history you may want to know
it was a similar story in Durham
County on primary night where Sheriff
Mike Andrews who had rebuffed calls by
community groups to stop collaborating
with ice was also shown the door
Clarence Birkhead the former head of
Duke University's police force prevailed
over Andrews his platform was
straightforward quote I have made a
clear and uncompromising commitment to
not cooperate with ice Burke had said
during the campaign as we focus on the
daily happenings in the White House in
the intrigue in the drama it's worth
noting that a far-reaching civilian
mobilization is taking place in the
country right now this is one that could
reshape our politics for generations and
one that bears no relation to the
president's latest maneuvering by
reforming the structures of local
governance in this country things like
the Sheriff's Office's the mobilization
could well outlast mr. Trump for an
indication of this look no further than
North Carolina in this season of
graduation we want to bring your
attention to one special commencement
address it happened at Rice University
in Houston and the speaker was Michael
Bloomberg the former New York mayor
Warren graduates of an epidemic of
dishonesty in politics he said it was
more dangerous than terrorism or
communism and we'll ever mentioning
Donald Trump's name Bloomberg spoke of
the trend toward alternate realities
taken as a whole this was a stinging
rebuke to the current White House
resident and those closest to the
president from my generation the plain
truth about America the freedom
opportunity and prosperity that we
enjoyed was our most powerful advantage
in the Cold War the more the Communists
had access to real news the more they
would demand freedom we believe that and
we were right today those many of those
at the highest level of power see them
see the plain truth as a threat they
fear it
they deny it and they attack it just as
the Communists once did and so here we
are in the midst of an epidemic of
dishonesty and an endless endless
barrage of lies the trend towards
elected officials propagating
alternative realities or winking at
those that do is one of the most serious
dangers facing democracies free
societies depend on citizens who
recognize that deceit in government
isn't something to just shrug your
shoulders at when an elected officials
speak as though they are above the truth
they will act as though they're above
the law and when we tolerate dishonesty
we get criminality sometimes it's in the
form of corruption sometimes it's abuse
of power sometimes it's both if left
unchecked these abuses can erode the
institutions that protect and preserve
our rights and freedoms and open the
door to tyranny and fascism Bloomberg
added quote the only thing more
dangerous than dishonest politicians who
have no respect for the law is a cause
of enablers who defend their every lie
unquote when we come back
today's tumultuous events placed in
historical perspective
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be kept low some to happen makes
the crowd the best sales force out there
is Merrill Lynch and now it goes to be
hey it's pretty amazing we're going to
see a stabilization and just a
tremendous snapback the Occupy Wall
Street movement is not it's not a
spontaneous protest against economic
inequality this is what we mean by the
establishment press it is a
well-thought-out to well-thought-out
campaign to bring down the
infrastructure rupture of this punter
the embarrassment is that I'm giving
credibility in this world because of the
disappointment that the public has and
what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them it's do everything that we can
without going to war so to say to your
critics I'm talking about democratic
critics who say you know what you're
really just a socialist passiveness I
very rarely read in any coverage of
Bernie that he's a socialist Bernie
Sanders is a socialist for god sake most
analysts are saying that Hillary
Clinton's gonna run in a landslide I
continue to believe mr. Trump will not
be President got Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
300 million is pretty good now we're
pretty good number I we were doing a
press release on and I got all worked up
and I said okay well that spies the size
of the US population you know what our
next target is on the road this although
by the time we hit it'll probably be 7
maybe 8 billion not a big deal a couple
of days ago on the TYT Network we passed
that's a big freakin deal 2 billion
sorry what do we do 2 billion 2 billion
they said it couldn't be done it was 10
years ago thinking one day well here we
are we're changing the media thank you
thank you thank you
one of the things we try to do every
week is to put current events into some
context and perspective especially
historical perspective earlier at the
beginning of the day's program I
mentioned that the climax of the Iranian
Revolution in 1979 was an igniting point
for a long chain of events that formed
the background of the present dangers of
a new war with Iran Iran was the big
winner of the american-led war with Iraq
just after the turn of the century the
US invasion of Iraq commanded by
president george w bush was a strategic
blunder of historic proportions with his
enemy saddam hussein vanquished iran's
power and influence soared the
far-reaching consequence of this are
still being felt as iranian influence
and power continued spreading throughout
the region the echoes reverberate along
israel's
ghazal inside syria and lebanon and
stretching out across North Africa the
overarching historical context is a
dangerous Great Powers game the United
States its Western European allies plus
Israel and Saudi Arabia on one side
Russia and Iran on the other with turkey
still leaning west but increasingly
oscillating toward the middle flirting
some with Russia now compounding and
further making this even more complex
Israel has a very good relationship with
Russia but let me pick up on the main
point besides Iran China has profited in
money and influence and power in the
wake of America's Iraq blunder while the
u.s. finds itself stretched dangerously
thin economically and militarily trying
to contain Iran in Korea a revived
Russian threat defending Western Europe
and fighting in far-flung places such as
Somalia and Yemen China watches weights
moves globally and benefits such is the
arc of history as the world moves deeper
into the early 21st century so once
again as it has been so often in our
history it is clutch time for America
all the big chips are on the table all
that we hope for and dream for our
country for ourselves and for our
children and grandchildren is at stake
how we the people respond with pessimism
or optimism with good judgment or bad
with unity or division will determine
whether we rise or fail move forward or
fall back with that I'll leave you for
this new cycle The Young Turks is next
and we'll be back with the news at this
same place in time 5:30 Eastern every
Monday until then dan Rather reporting
stay studying
you
I wondered specially today covering an
amazing power like a smart Destiny's
Child we're all too strong
we start a revolution yes another one
aren't you excited
Wow so the best writers in the country
are right here on this panel with the
obvious exception of Jenna I roll
quickly discount a Harry Potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what ran me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation salting peaceful protesters
in North Dakota crazier than bombing
Yemen crazier than bombing Syria so much
they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
hey Jenny what's up and I want to do a
YouTube live clip but not live go
you
