here's the amazing stat that I want to
tell you guys about and then give you
background in context on it
so now 61% of Republicans think that the
FBI is manipulating the investigation
and setting up Donald Trump okay so
that's full-blown mental they have 61%
of Republicans in this country have lost
their mind I'm gonna explain why and I'm
gonna give you more numbers in a second
but first I want to give you the context
that look guys if you're skeptical about
the powers that be I hear your brother
and you're not wrong about that so if
you think hey the pentagon when they say
well that looks like a wedding that we
bombed but it's not really a wedding and
you don't trust them right off the gate
bless your heart you're thinking okay
that's exactly right
sometimes it is a wedding sometimes it's
not a wedding you need all the facts
right now when CNN says if the Pentagon
says that it must be true that's
frustrating and they lose credibility
when mainstream media tells you that all
those billions of dollars that corporate
donors give to politicians is just them
you know caring about the country it's
preposterous no one believes that
outside of cable news and it's it
insults our intelligence so if you're
skeptical about that I hear you and
you're right okay if you're worried
about what the deep state used to do for
example you know they did assassinations
and coos all the time so yeah that that
definitely happened okay does it happen
now it's more of a bureaucracy but look
but you've got to focus your concern and
your skepticism about the the powerful
and the lead in the right way because if
you if you do it in the wrong way
you sound and you are mental so now
let's get back to that Trump number so a
couple of new polls out and and
Republicans 75% of them three-quarters
of Republicans think that Mulla what
Muller is doing his investigation is a
quote-unquote witch-hunt
so Muller a career prosecutor career
government official former head of the
FBI and everyone who's working with him
all of those career lawyers all of those
career government officials Muller a
career Republican most of the people
working with him all Republicans all
decided hey let's randomly decide to go
get the president
and make up an investigation and risk
our entire careers okay only 13% of
Republicans think that it's not a witch
hunt only 13% think yeah no no they're
not making everything up there's some
chance that it's real okay
but now look Mars directly going after
Trump so at least I understand that a
little bit better I don't think you've
thought through what that actually means
they're calling it a witch hunt etc but
okay fine uh I mean like I don't believe
that I think you're nuts
etc setup but I'm gonna put that aside
okay now let's go to the FBI sixty-one
percent of Republicans believe the top
law enforcement officials in the country
are fabricating evidence and lying and
and and setting up Donald Trump oh and
21 percent aren't sure they're like 21
percent oh no no man is everyone at the
FBI making stuff up out of whole cloth
risking their whole careers and just
inventing evidence because they decided
at once that they all don't like Donald
Trump even though most of them are
Republicans when you think about the
details it begins to dawn on you how
insane that thought is sixty one percent
say absolutely that's exactly what's
happening twenty-one percent slike I
don't know man it could be that or it
could be that they're actually FBI
officials and they're looking at their
evidence only seventeen percent of
Republicans believe that the FBI is on
the level only seventeen percent of
Republicans believed at the top law
enforcement in the country this is a
party that used to be for a rule of law
this is a party that at least pretended
to be for law enforcement now say that
they believe that the FBI has not made
up all of the evidence that they're not
all lying and that they're not all
trying to target Donald Trump but no
most Republicans 61% have lost their
minds and say no no that's right FBI
everybody working there got in a room
one day and decided Brad were just
kidding about being Republicans we were
just kidding about being prosecuted but
being law enforcement we
just kidding about caring about evidence
all that stuff that the Republicans have
said about us before we were doing all
that before but that now that Donald
Trump's into office we decided no we're
just gonna all make up evidence and if
we get caught we're all gonna lose our
jobs and and that's all fine because we
decided we're gonna go target Donald
Trump you have to be crazy to believe
that and yet 61% the overwhelming
majority of Republicans in this country
are just that crazy they have lost their
minds so now the last part of this guy's
the propaganda works he repeats it over
and over and over again and what
previously seemed unimaginable in the
scope of just a little over a year
has seen now is commonplace and now is
accepted conventional wisdom among
Republican voters what can't he get them
to believe and if the first step is to
destroy belief in the rule of law in
this country and to destroy the belief
in law enforcement by the way why would
you want to destroy belief in law
enforcement well I mean if they're doing
something wrong you say hey look we
should fix that right or if you say no
no they're all corrupt and you shouldn't
listen to anything law enforcement says
there's some chance and then you've
broken the law and you that's why you
don't want anybody to believe in law
enforcement anyway but if that's your
first step well then all the other steps
get way easier then the path of fascism
becomes super easy because then once you
take over law enforcement and you've
corrupted them and you you say they're
they're targeting me I'm gonna fire all
of them and I'm gonna put my political
lackeys in there the next step is
locking up your opponents these guys are
hardcore fascists the Trump
administration and all the people that
are supporting them now they got the
voters thinking yeah maybe maybe that's
not so bad
at least I got the Republican voters
singing that way by the way turn out 25
percent of independents think that the
FBI has gotten this together and decided
to launch an international conspiracy
again risk all of their careers do
something that they've never done before
and just get in a room and
that they're going to target the most
powerful guy in the country yeah that's
a brilliant plan
but now 25% of independents believe that
so if this goes unabated for enough time
we will have fascism in this country
I guarantee it now I I hope it won't I
don't think it will I think that this
country is strong enough to survive this
but boy
it's gonna take all of our effort and
energy to make sure that we do enforce
the law in this country
