we have this right-wing access of the
Trump administration Netanyahu
administration in Saudi Arabia as you
correctly point out how dangerous is
that and how much do they want to push
us in the war add to that the fact that
you have a military-industrial complex
here in the United States
and that against my vote we increased
military spending by a hundred and sixty
five billion dollars over a two year
period you add all of those things up uh
and I worry as I said a moment ago about
the United States getting drawn into
just a war that never ends that costs us
lives I mean if you think about the
unintended consequences of what happened
in Iraq the killing not only the loss of
lives of not only thousands of our own
young men and women but hundreds of
thousands of Iraqis the displacement of
millions of people the civil war in
Syria and the irony of all of that this
is what unintended consequences are
about right now
Trump's major enemy in the world is Iran
as a result of Bush's war in Iraq Iran
now has far more political and military
influence in Iran than they ever had
before
that's called unintended consequences
the other thing that we should be very
concerned about is that a agreement was
reached this nuclear agreement are with
Iran not just with the United States it
was reached with six other countries the
p5 plus one and what should be very
concerning to the American people is
Trump's movement to unilateralism rather
than international cooperation whether
it is the Middle East or any other place
in the world what has got to happen is
we need international cooperation we
need the United Nations we need a lot of
diplomacy to resolve these issues and I
worry very much about people who are
very quick to pull the trigger
especially
we're dealing in the Middle East with
Saudi Arabia and Netanyahu in Israel
you
