Fox News host Sean Hannity has decided
that it's no longer worthwhile to even
pretend that he is a sane human being a
few days ago Sean Hannity actually
accused or suggested that Jeff Sessions
Attorney General of the United States
hardcore Republican appointed by a
Republican always been a good loyal
little Republican Hannity accused
sessions of possibly being part of the
so-called deep state here's what he said
well first a little backstory action
before we get into the quote here Sean
Hannity is pissed off because Devon
Nunez the guy who's been leaking all
this information to the Trump
administration from Congress wants to
get his hands on some documents from the
DOJ about the investigations in the
Donald Trump well the DOJ says hey we
can't do that because this is a national
security issue and if we give it to you
and you leak it like you usually do
because we don't trust you people could
die that's not good enough for Nunez
that's not good enough for Hannity and
in fact the White House actually cited
with the DOJ on not turning these
documents over for what it's worth so
did the FBI and the Director of National
Intelligence
so anyway everybody agrees that if they
the DOJ turns these documents over it's
going to result in bloodshed somewhere
it's gonna hurt our alliances with other
countries it's a bad thing
so Sean Hannity's pissed off on behalf
of Devon Nunez so he says mr. attorney
general I say this with all respect
where is your urgency you need to do
your job this has gone on way too long
these are legitimate important requests
you are not impervious nor the DOJ
impervious to the rule of law in our
federal system well hold up there handy
because the rule of law I'm pretty sure
that's what the DOJ is supposed to be
upholding right so if the people that
are in charge of the law say that we
can't give you this because it contains
classified national security information
I think I'm gonna side with them even if
that means siding with a scumbag like
Jeff Sessions he goes on he requested
whether sessions in Rosenstein are quote
part of the swamp
referencing president Donald Trump's
drain the swamp campaign pledge are you
part of the deep state he asked I was a
direct quote are you part of the deep
state so there it is Sean Hannity has
now gone full-blown Alex Jones
conspiracy theorists thinking that Jeff
Sessions the guy that Donald Trump
appointed to run the DOJ the guy who
served as a very loyal Republican stooge
in the Senate for all those years now
he's part of the deep state what's
interesting to me about this again is
that Sean Hannity
and Fox News and all of these other
Republicans they at least used to just
you know seem like a counter to regular
news you know they would say things that
weren't necessarily true but they never
went into the realm of full-blown
conspiracy theorists well now they have
there's no turning back
Fox News is Infowars Fox News is Daily
Caller and Breitbart and Daily wire and
all of those other fly-by-night
Republican conspiracy sites that seem to
be popping up every other day they don't
care about actual reporting they don't
care about facts
at this point they don't even care about
reality when Sean Hannity suggests that
Trump's hand-picked guide Jeff Sessions
is part of the deep state you know that
something has gone wrong in Hannity's
brain and in the brains of every single
executive at Fox News they need to pull
him into their office and say hey I
understand you're buddies with Trump we
get it but could you not be an insane
piece of crap on behalf of our network
anymore because it's destroying what
little bit of credibility we may have
had but of course they're not going to
do that Hannity is a cash cow he brings
in the ratings he brings in the
advertising dollars so they're gonna let
him go out there continue destroying the
little bit of credibility Fox News may
have had which I don't even know if they
had any all because he wants to protect
Donald Trump from the mounting horrible
evidence coming out against him at this
point on a near-daily basis
