now joining me Vanessa ward she's
running for governor in Nebraska Vanessa
I don't know what I like more your
policies your history of fighting for
Americans and the awards that you won
your slogan or the story of you and your
husband but yeah it amazing so alright
let me start this way Vanessa you've won
the you're in the African American Hall
of Fame which is already awesome you won
the here on the Heartland award from the
American Red Cross you want to N double
AC P Awards President Obama gave you the
golden volunteer of the Year award is
okay so my first question is is there an
award you have not won yet I'm not
receiving any more Awards okay
tapped out okay I got no in all
seriousness so you've done a lot for the
community so talk to us for the people
who don't know of course what context
you grew up in and what you decided to
do about it
well I guess I need to start about my
neighborhood and I want to say just a
little something about my husband
cuz in June I would be whittled three
years and that was my top soldier that
was my number one Supporter and
everything that I've done and I just
feel like in his memory I need to keep
up the I need to keep up the good work
but let's just well it back to what you
asked I was living in a high-risk
neighborhood gang members just had us
under siege drug-dealing corner boys
murder right in my front yard I come
home from the grocery store my daughters
upstairs petrified young man's blood
still screaming from the street mom
comes down the street is a mess now I'm
already totally dissatisfied with living
in this quality this caliber of life but
don't know exactly what to do so when I
got ready to move I had to find how to
reach people where they are
I think we're missing that today jinx I
think we're not understanding that
everybody's not going to fall into your
persona of what you feel they should and
should not do and so in that that
challenge me to meet people where they
were in order to say come on y'all we
got to do something which leads it to
the title of my book
somebody do something and usually when
that phrase comes to pass it's usually
you you're the one and so as I gathered
my neighborhood and proposed a fun foo
family friends fellowship everybody
looked like yeah but I still had to
include the gang members so that's been
going over today I'm saying look I'm
sorry your homeboy died but I got an
idea that can move this cloud alone I
need your blessing as I stood there
petrified waiting for the answer finally
I heard one word cool I said out of that
day yet three rules no drugs no alcohol
no violence it took even longer to get
the second cool once they brought in we
were ready to go
okay and so that's already an amazing
story and and that's why I love real
folks running for office who actually
served their community and are not
backed by multinational corporations but
actually did something for their
community we'll get back to the to the
donor class and all that in a second
we'll get back to your husband because
that's also an amazing story in a second
but what I'm curious about is okay so
you try to organize this and in what was
a block party it was a block party but
when you're low on resources change what
happens is you got to turn to those who
have it and seeing the same thing within
our political circle tool and you need
to be careful but nonetheless come on
everybody I need to help businesses
churches organizations institutions and
people pour it into it and I don't need
to de pour into it he actively became
involved by showing up and becoming part
the solution so that's what I'm really
curious about and then what happened
after that did do violence begin to go
down a little bit because people had at
least seen each other and and you know
just got a little bit of human empathy
going back and forth and I really don't
know the story so what what happened
what happened is meeting people where
they are is imperative but at the same
time creating that atmosphere where
people feel safe because when you hit
that common denominator which I believe
everybody really wants and that safety
and that's respect and that's neighborly
love and I love my family you love your
family all of that plays into creating
this kind of environment but if you're
not a visionary and you don't know how
to create that kind of atmosphere people
don't know what to do
so when they brought the food out the
grill out everybody came the city
officials eventually came in five years
later and then the mayor asked me how
come I wasn't invited sooner and I said
people don't trust politicians not where
I come from you gotta earn that because
ya see you caught that they don't you
gotta earn that and I said but I I had
to earn their trust so now that they
trust me I'm I'm here officially to
invite you right and and wouldn't it be
amazing if we actually could trust our
politicians if they actually okay give
me that one that's right which leads me
to your campaign slogan now remember
everybody her name is Vanessa ward so
what's the slogan I am you okay and no
no I - I like okay which other one the
moving forward you before even lead them
anywhere okay all right but everybody
keep hashtag moving forward
it might by the way the real thing is of
course as always we got the links down
below to help of an S award win this
and it would make a giant difference as
such because the redistricting that's
coming up in 2020 and in in all the
states but including in Nebraska so imma
save the best for last use your your
husband's story I don't
I've overhyped it here but still Vanessa
talk to me about how you plan to win
Nebraska is still pretty Republican one
of the things I know is going to take is
I cannot compete with governor Rickett
or the two gentlemen that are running on
the Democratic ticket as a politician
because I'm not a politician I'm a
leader of leaders as a result of that I
know how to connect with people whether
you're the most liberal minded or the
most stubborn and unwilling to yield you
need leadership that knows how to bring
people together where they want to
collaborate ly work together so as I've
been traveling across Nebraska that's
been exciting for me because what I'm
seeing is the consistent heartbeat that
people are ready to be the difference
they may not know how and they may not
even believe it's possible but that
readiness is here and that's what I'm
counting on that's what I'm building on
why children that's our number one
resource our children and our
grandchildren and I'll say it once and
I've said it several time if we the
elders neglect to take care of the
things that will help our children find
their destiny they shouldn't have to dig
through the ruins of our neglect to find
their purpose so this is what I'm
inspiring as well as encouraging as I go
across the state and I'm finding out
people are saying the same thing they're
ready to be the difference
I would regain hope in this country if
you became the governor of Nebraska
that alone would do it I'm not even
kidding
and of course vanessa is not taking
corporate or PAC money and she's for
single-payer but you're also for ending
the school to Prison Pipeline so how
would you do that in in Nebraska
while governor Rickett has made a cut to
our educational system which I'm totally
disagree with but he wants to put more
money in the prison and then more money
into human health and develop a head of
human health services both of those are
hindrances in our community we need to
help but we need to help to be able to
step up the prison we're overcrowded
they're rioting they don't even know
what to do with it and I'm saying you're
cutting the key you're cutting our
opportunity
we need safe school we need to look a
little deeper into our curriculum you
know I'm a greeter at one of the
elementary schools here and I when I'm
out there with the young people I said
hey how would you feel about having
agricultural classes where you can learn
to be a farmer every hand there's 50
children out there every hand goes up
how can we not be thinking in terms of
how to be more applicable to what what
the young people would need or even
desire to even stay at home in Nebraska
safety you know that's a big one we need
to be looking at what it's going to take
and make sure our young people feel safe
at school but at the same time I want to
make sure in a higher level affordable
we need to keep it affordable for for
people to go to college vocational
training I'm looking at all of those
things okay so finally we get to Keith
Ward your husband who passed away a
couple of years ago now I read that you
guys are married three times and I went
whoa okay what's that about
man you guys could not make up your mind
hey but it turns out that's not what
happened so how did you guys get married
three times
well it would have been four had he had
his way because he was trying to marry
me when I was 13 but I had to fight him
off until I was 19 I said no no but
really he just kept asking me and then
in that awesome so the first time we got
married with the justice of the peace
the next time we got married in a church
and the third time we got married in the
community whole garden so all the
community can come and share in our
sharing of love
and stick it out try that it gets rough
but you gotta believe in what you're
stepping out for and what you're doing
how long were you guys married
forty-seven years 50 Eddie been alive
Wow all right yeah awesome
yeah it is it's wonderful Vanessa Ward
has been fighting for the community in
Nebraska for all this time and yes she's
gotten awards and accolades but the most
important thing would be if she could
represent you guys so make sure you go
to those links down below donate
volunteer again the fight and as she
wrote in her book somebody do son so
Vanessa Godspeed thank you for joining
us on rebel I of course and I want to
say thank you for all you do keep up the
good work can you hear me thank you
