Turning Point USA is an organization
that attempts to mobilize young
conservatives but it does have a track
record of hiring people or affiliating
itself with people who have said some
pretty disastrous things the most recent
example involves Juan Pablo Andrade who
is a self-professed
conservative who has a pretty impressive
you know resume he has worked at a lot
of different places including the hill
where he is an opinion writer now aside
from his work for the pro-trump America
first group he worked on Trump's
National Hispanic advisory council
Trump's national diversity coalition and
the Trump campaign as a surrogate he
writes for the hill as an opinion
contributor and has shared his political
opinions on news maxeen and Latino and
Univision so he sounds like the type of
person who might have some interesting
things to say maybe he has some
constructive things to add to the
political discourse in the country no
turns out that during the turning point
USA Conference his white nationalist
friend who is not white he's actually of
Puerto Rican descent filmed him for his
snapchat story and in that snapchat
story you will see that Andrade said the
following about Nazis
so he said for those of you who might
have had a little bit of trouble hearing
it the only thing the Nazis didn't do
right is that they didn't keep going
didn't keep everything going yeah so
there's a couple of these Latinos in
these right-wing organizations Andrade
as family originally from Venezuela
there's there's one guy who's
mexican-american and he's about white
power
I think he's slightly confused but they
want to fit in so much and they want to
hate other people so much like where do
I go to hate people oh I know the
right-wing yes they're my home so uh and
this happens over and over again and
every time Oh golly gee yeah we we
didn't know they named him 30 under 30
for all these right-wing publications
he's these are their intellectuals and
then of course the mainstream media will
just call it even
I mean on the one side we have people
who think Hitler didn't go enough
far enough and on the other side we have
the left-wing fighting for radical
positions like medicare-for-all and and
college education for your kids well
okay I guess I'm gonna call it even and
they'll probably call an intellectual
later and and golly gee it's another
fascist in the right-wing who could have
guessed it here being I could guess it
guess what I will predict for you that
there will be a half a dozen other
fascist people who like Nazis etc
that'll be uncovered in these groups and
they say it over and over again and but
hey right wing left wing who can tell so
the person who posted that rant on
snapchat really smart idea is Caesar
suburbia and he is an alt right
activists who participated in the
Charlottesville white supremacist march
and has been filmed with Richard Spencer
now let's learn a little bit about him
apparently he tweets all sorts of
terrible violent things in fact one of
the more recent things that he had
tweeted was the fall
my favorite part about getting on a
conversation about getting on a
conversation about politics with
strangers is watching their reaction of
disgusted surprised when they realize I
basically just advocated for the
genocide of all the demographic groups
they support instead of agreeing with
their garbage
so the garbage that he doesn't want to
agree with is that we should treat all
people the same and not be in favor of
genocide or holocausts garbage
genocide and these are the same guys who
will then pretend that they care about
genocide right so they then turn around
go because I hate all these groups that
I'd like to murder all of them right
wing left wing I can't have to tell the
difference I mean gee golly chief I work
for the mainstream media they're about
50/50 and and by the way one of the
people who like that tweet was caitlin
marie bennett who apparently was turning
point USA's former campus leader at Kent
State University so again I mean you
look at the long list of people that
this organization has associated itself
with and it's pretty devastating and
disgusting and look Jake I don't think
that these look this is my speculation
so let me be absolutely clear about this
okay I don't think that they're doing
this to fit in okay I think they're
doing this because they're paid to say
what they're saying I do not believe
first second that a Mexican American is
going to join or be part of any type of
hateful organization that spews hatred
towards Mexicans for free because he
wants to fit in I just don't believe it
again that is my speculation but that's
just no no there's a lot of sick people
in the world I don't really care about
their motivation I care about what the
reality is so this severity guy he also
said only so many times I could write
about how much I hate by the way my
print out and cut cut off in one version
at that point I was like fill in the
blank what difference does it make
hey what lacks Mexicans in
cases since he's Latino maybe not
Latinos but maybe depends are you paying
him how much does he hate himself etc
Jews Muslims but I says it was probably
Muslims because they hate those guys the
most and it turns out it was only so
many times he wrote I could write about
how much I hate Muslims or why America
needs a dictator okay more from by the
way Mike Pence has spoken to this group
it's led by Charlie Kirk who debated are
Hassan piker he must be so proud
but he says notice just a grassroots
organization really now they were they
were paying for the hotel that the all
these alt-right fanatics were staying in
what she had all the money they in fact
they tried to ban this this weary guy
and they're like oh not enough people
are gonna show up they know what he's
about they know he's a fascist and
they're like well if we deny a fascist
centrist well who's going to show up so
they decided to unblock list them and
let all the fascist who are in favor of
a Holocaust at ten because they're like
that's who we are that's who we are
so here's someone else Karl Higby he was
in a trump appointee but had to
basically go away friend and and remove
himself from there because it was found
out that he said black people are lazy
er than whites and that he admitted that
he was a racist against Muslims okay so
his appointment didn't work out guess
who swooped in and hired him as a
director of advocacy the same group okay
but what else
oh how could you call this racist we're
just intellectuals who are doing a lot
of free thought tell the Muslims blacks
are lazy who else do I need to kill and
murderer and oh the Nazis didn't go far
in a free thought I'm just doing free
thought I'm so I'm an intellectual and
the mainstream media looks out and goes
5050 5050 right yeah I mean look I I
think that their message and not just
turning-point USA I'm talking about you
know extremist right-wing extremists in
the country their message has been in in
a way given a platform in the mainstream
media because and and look this was an
off the record
verse Asian so I'm not gonna identify
who it was with but I confronted someone
who works in the mainstream press about
their non-stop coverage that includes
the voices of these alt-right
individuals these white supremacists
these neo-nazis and this person admitted
to me well you know yeah it's a little
sensationalist but it gets the readers
it gets the viewers it gets the views
and it's disgusting to know that they're
being placed on an equal footing to
those on the Left who have legitimate
concerns and actually want to do good
for the country but and by the way
that's actually not even true it's not
an equal footing you have any Bernie
Sanders supporters do you see on cable
news it's a great point almost none like
I've said I think Van Jones and Nina
Turner sometimes goes on as a guest on
some of these CNN shows so one and a
half meanwhile you turn on cable news
you'll see all right figures all day
long you'll see the massive
right-wingers and the only describe as
intellectuals and they'll be in these
groups at Harvard Nazis and fascists and
and and I an actively hire racists oh
you're so racist you couldn't work for
Trump's government well you're gonna be
our director of advocacy all up
intellectuals let's put them all over
cable news a Bernie Sanders supporters
you guys actually want to help Americans
you want to increase their wages
radicals radicals bring the neo-nazi on
two easy ways follow the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
