Senator John McCain has been incredibly
vocal in his calls to reject Gina Haspel
as the CIA nominee and in fact he
released a statement that apparently has
upset one military analyst at Fox News
and prompted him to say something pretty
terrible terrible and and false about
McCain now first let's start off with
McCain's statement he said the following
I believe Gina Haspel is a patriot who
loves our country and has devoted her
professional life to its service and
defense he continues to say though
however miss Haskell's role in
overseeing the use of torture by
Americans is disturbing her refusal to
acknowledge tortures immorality is
disqualifying I believe the Senate
should exercise its duty of advise and
consent and reject this nomination now
during the Senate confirmation hearings
there were some questions that hospital
answer in a way that made McCain
comfortable so for instance senator
Harris had asked her you know would you
you know with hindsight criticize the
enhanced interrogation that took place
under your watch and she refused to
criticize the CIA for for you know
torture and those interrogation methods
and so of course that raised a few
eyebrows and John McCain has been very
vocal in saying how you know against
torture he is because he himself was a
victim of torture when he was a prisoner
of war in Vietnam yes Gina Haspel said
that well I mean I wouldn't do it now
because it's illegal no first of all it
was always illegal yes the Senate
doubled down in 2015 and made all of it
I don't know what you call it extra
illegal but waterboarding was always
illegal under US law it also under
international law but I know
right-wingers don't care about anyone
else in the world an international law
etc but it doesn't matter it was illegal
under US law torture was illegal under
US law
Gina hassel broke those laws she
authorized the torture of many
detainees in the black sighs she ran in
Thailand including Abu Zubaydah was
waterboarded eighty-three times if it
works why did you have to waterboard him
eighty three times no it was sick it was
depraved it violated our principles and
our laws and then she destroyed 92 tapes
of evidence of the torture because it
was damning yeah is also against the law
she is she should be in prison not
running the CIA
so even McCain is way too soft on her
and then when asked whether she'd do it
again in if she's confirmed as the head
of the CIA she says well now it's legal
that's not true it's always been and she
says and and I and I wouldn't he do it
even if quote even if it was technically
legal
wait are you again disputing whether
it's technically legal or not no she did
it before she'd do it again she
destroyed evidence I mean that by itself
is an admission of guilt it's just
incredible that she has such a hard time
answering that question from Kamala
Harris yeah it was wrong but you know
obviously she doesn't really feel that
it was wrong which is probably part of
the reason why Trump nominated her to
begin with now McCain has gotten some
hate from the right in regard to his
comments on Haspel and nothing made that
clearer than an interview on Fox
Business channel which doesn't seem to
ever really talk about business now
during this exchange which you're about
to see you will hear from Fox's military
analysts and how he feels about John
McCain take a look
Senator John McCain has said he was he's
not going to endorse a spell also and in
part because she believes and torture
that she thinks it works even though she
laid out at least three instances where
it did work to the benefit of humankind
not just Americans but all of America
all human beings should they be
evaluating this nominee on her feelings
or based strictly on the facts and her
and her commitment not to use it anymore
because it's no longer illegal for you
for us well she can't use it anymore
because it's we've determined the
Congress that is not legal the
as John McCain it worked on John that's
why they call him songbird John the fact
is is you those methods can work and
they're effective as former Vice
President Cheney said no they're not
first of all they're not effective
secondly who calls John McCain songbird
John I mean he's spreading
misinformation about John McCain giving
Vietnam our military secrets which was
not the case which has been debunked you
know you know there is no bottom of the
barrel for these they are the worst
people on earth so I don't want to
defend John McCain I think John McCain
is a war monger he always votes for war
he always pushes for a war he pushes
into a war with Iran the one good thing
that John McCain does is he fights
against torture and that's because he
was tortured but the other thing that
I've always mentioned in regards to John
McCain even when in the heat of the 2008
election
I want a Barack Obama to win and did
defeat John McCain and we would
criticize McCain in a thousand ways
which he more than earned but I said a
million times McCain was given an
opportunity to leave after being
tortured for an incredibly long time by
the North Vietnamese because they found
that a he was the son of a famous
Admiral and he refused to leave because
they wouldn't let the other Americans in
the camp out and then he stayed for
years after that that act of bravery is
unparalleled
so however much I disagree with John
McCain McCain on a thousand other issues
that's the one thing you cannot take
away from McCain so what does Fox do Fox
comes out and sends out a hatchet man to
lie that John McCain broke under torture
and Stan's the worst people on earth
they're unbelievable so just to clarify
again people do not call John McCain
songbird John that it's so fake it is
and so it did not originate from that
exchange that you just saw it actually
came from one of John McCain's political
opponents named Gerard Kiley who doesn't
identify with any political party and he
apparently
put out flyers years ago claiming that
John McCain had caved to those that were
torturing him in Vietnam that was not
the case so PolitiFact debunked this and
they did a good job doing so in fact one
of the biographers for John McCain his
name is Robert Tim Berg he wrote a book
on McCain had interviewed a number of PS
a bout McCain and he said quote I've
never known of any occasion in which
Senator McCain provided the North
Vietnamese with anything of value now
when he was later interrogated McCain
gave the ship's name and squadron number
and confirmed the target of his failed
mission he wrote he also gave the names
of the Green Bay Packers offensive line
and said they were members of his
squadron so that further proves that
under this enhanced interrogation or
torture oftentimes the person who's
imprisoned and being tortured will just
lie and say anything to stop the torture
yeah and I hate that we're going into
the nitty-gritty of having to defend
John McCain during his torture and and
by the way the information he gave is
the information you are supposed to give
if you're captured say the US military
tells you you're allowed to give X Y & Z
and and so he did everything right but
that doesn't stop Fox News from doing
there some people say another lunatic
right winger once said this about John
McCain so I'm now saying it and then
somebody else on Fox News will say it
and then Donald Trump would say then of
course Donald Trump famously did say
about John McCain during the campaign I
prefer people who weren't captured and
of course Donald Trump wasn't captured
because he didn't go to Vietnam because
he's a coward and a cheat who had his
daddy right I'm a doctor's letter about
bones force he never had
so that's who Donald Trump is and that's
who the people at Fox are at least
Charles Payne had the decency to
apologize afterwards and complain that
he had the control room in his ear and
had not heard that comment otherwise he
would have corrected it as a veteran the
fact that he apologized though gave me a
little bit of hope because that means
that there are people on the right who
found those comments as disgusting as I
found them but Anna this is how it
starts they do today but you know what
someone else will say it on
and another person and you'll wake up
three months from now and there'll be a
poll of Republicans and 78% of them will
think that John McCain talked to the
North Vietnamese and helped them because
that's there in the lie business so
their lie and over again that's their a
factory of lies and we treat Fox with
some sort of credibility there at the
White House Correspondents Dinner in
fact they had their correspondent lead
that group for years and years and years
there are a factory of lies they're the
original fake news but the rest of the
media I don't know I might get a job at
Fox News one day so I'm just gonna
pretend that they're decent human beings
two easy ways to follow young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
