The Washington Post has learned of the
specific details on a deal that AT&T had
with Michael Cohen
of course that's Trump's fix it law urhu
is now under federal investigation now
AT&T had paid Cohen $600,000 and they
had a specific reason for doing so the
internal documents reveal for the first
time that Cohen's $600,000 deal with
AT&T specified that he would provide
advice on the 85 billion dollar merger
with Time Warner now this is a proposed
merger that the Justice Department is
fighting against but of course 80 wanted
to get some insight knowledge inside
knowledge into what the Trump
administration was thinking to see if
they could get away with doing this
merger now what we also know based on
this Washington Post report is that a
scope of work describing Cohen's contact
or contract I should say in an internal
AT&T document shows that he was hired to
quote focus on specific long-term
planning initiatives as well as the
immediate issue of corporate tax reform
and the acquisition of Time Warner so
that's interesting in two ways so who
was Michael Cohen before being Trump's
lawyer who mainly were to both
intimidate people who constantly
threatened lawsuits and yell at them and
sometimes go even further in his threats
plus he was a fixer who'd payoff people
that Donald Trump it's not without
obviously right he was a personal injury
lawyer in in New York and he ran a
taxicab business so what possible
expertise could he have on a
telecommunications merger he's never
worked in that field at all so now that
we find out exactly what 18t paid him
for now we know basically they paid him
to make sure that he goes talks to Trump
and says approved the merger because he
has no expertise that's the only thing
Michael Cole is good for we did AT&T
need taxicabs driven in New York were
they the victim of a personal injury
okay no he was supposed to go and
influence the president but this is fun
and
using part of the story now Michael
Cohen is not a registered lobbyist so if
he was to spend his time lobbying for a
tea that would be illegal so the
contract said now this is not for
lobbying anyone mm-hmm I don't know if
they included the wink in the contract
they described his work as advising the
company and not contacting federal
officials if Michael Cohen is not
contacting Trump or people in the Trump
administration what good is he right
exactly he's not qualified to do the
consulting that he would allegedly do
for that six hundred thousand dollars
and it's clear that AT&T had a political
objective here they had a business
objective that Cohen could help them
with because of his proximity to Trump
and so who knows what's gonna come of
all of this but again he is not a
registered lobbyist meaning he is not
allowed to do any lobbying so if an
investigation finds that he did do
lobbying I don't know if he'll face any
consequences to be honest I was kind of
given up hope when it comes to molars
got him so I I think that Cohen is in
some trouble I think this is among the
reasons why at some point he'll probably
flip but by the way somebody at 18 T
should also be held accountable they
clearly hired him as a lobbyist it's
super obvious that they did I mean I
love this part of the contract they
directed him to quote creatively address
political and communications issues
creatively in other words creatively
find a way to lobby Donald Trump while
we're pretending you're not a lobbyist
and we're giving you $600,000 for that I
mean really because of Michael Cohen's
telecommunications expertise not even
anyone wearing a mag a hat believes that
it's absolutely preposterous
by the way On January 12th of 2017 both
Michael Cohen and AT&T s chief executive
Randall Stephenson were seen visiting
Trump Tower in New York days before the
contract with Michael Cole's company
essential consultants was signed but
they said no we we didn't run into each
other and that was just the that was
just a coincidence that we go and see
Trump on the same
a couple of days later we give Michael
Kona $600,000 contract but not for
lobbying and we and we don't know each
other it just kind of we thought who is
the top telecommunications expert in the
country probably Michael Kohn I learned
that in a taxi cab so that's why AT&T
did this look by the way AT&T the people
who made that decision again there
should be consequences but also
incredibly stupid because you can
legally bribe people all day long in
this country it's called a campaign
donation it's super PACs independent
expenditures there's dark money there's
a thousand different ways you could
funnel money to Donald Trump instead you
found one potentially illegal way to
give it to his schmuck of an attorney
for two and and you know what this is
the neshty souza like incompetence and
and he went to prison for violating
campaign laws so I think this
investigation should be broader and
should involve the people on the other
end of it too and I'm not saying that
it's Randall Stephenson I think that you
know Washington Post but it has the
contract it's an important and
interesting they should figure out who
signed that contract for 18 t who
authorized that contract for 18 t it's
pathetic that these guys who spend tens
of millions of dollars legally bribing
our politicians and buying them off
through their super PACs etc on top of
that rubbed it in by doing potentially
illegal contributions to Donald Trump's
lawyer and I hope that they all suffer
the consequences two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
