secure internet connection today go to
Nord VPN dot-com slash tyt you're gonna
get 77 percent off of three years the
link is in the description box below all
you got to do is click it Nord VPN comm
slash tyt you absolutely have to watch
this video of Google's artificial
intelligence assistant booking a seat or
no booking a hair appointment with a
real person so what you're about to see
is Google's new assistant and it's
completely a robot this is utterly
automated and every bit of voice
generation comes from there fart
official intelligence engine and it is
on the phone with a real hair salon
booking an appointment
take a look I'm looking for something on
May 3rd give me one or what time are you
looking for well at 12 p.m. we do not
have a fall scam available but closest
we have to that is a 1:15 do you have
anything between 10:00 a.m. and 12:00
p.m. depending on what service she would
like what service is she looking for
just a woman's haircut for now ok we
have a 10 o'clock 10:00 a.m. is fine ok
what's her first name the first name is
Lisa
I'll take perfect so I will see we
thought 10 o'clock on May 3rd
ok thanks great have a great day so what
do you I mean this is amazing to me I
used to be an assistant so this is
absolutely amazing and correct you told
me not to watch this before now I think
you thought I'd be shocked yeah but I
love it love it right yeah I love it but
are you shocked that it's that natural a
discourse between a robot as a person do
bocal I suppose that's what that's
called those are vocalized pauses and
those are the things that kind of bridge
the uncanny valley between you and Siri
yeah I mean we've had a lot of trouble
of integrating AI into noir
everyday life serving as an assistant
oftentimes as they do because of that
uncanny valley experience or an audible
uncanny valley there are a lot of phone
recorded situations with unsophisticated
AI that sound insane because you can
tell it's not a person on the other end
I really like this I don't know how
complicated it could work because I've
definitely booked appointments with a
healthcare provider that had a lot of
weird stipulations to it I think it does
I can call have a person jump online and
help out right they do the way that they
train it is they have someone in the
room with it who knows what way to
essentially train this AI to better
handle a complicated situation
made that what do ya so this is called
Google duplex and I think more
interesting to me was watching the
crowds reactions right they were
cheering before they were unveiling the
demo and then the laughter at the
vocalize pausing and then um the thumbs
in between that is like very connector
gap I'm kind of torn around this one is
that I do I would love it if it
mitigates automated systems because
those things frustrate the heck out of
me press one for this department press
two and then you you found that you're
like three steps in and still can't find
what department you need to get to so I
love it in that regard if we can just
completely erase that system and replace
it with that it would be great I don't
know how I would personally feel if I
was I don't know so do you think that
that woman at the salon knew that that
was a room oh no no no not at all
it was getting a little weird about
eight women's haircuts yeah I was an
assistant and all those tones that she
that the AI system hit were correct all
those ways to bypass any potential
weirdness between you and the person
that you need to book an appointment
from those is ten okay up is 10 o'clock
fine we have one more video of a more
complicated situation with the AI and
some
one who has a pretty thick accent who
has trouble understanding English let's
take a look at this next video piano
maker you hi I'd like to reserve a table
for Wednesday the 7th for 7 people it's
for four people four people win next
Wednesday at 6 p.m.
oh actually really sir for like opera
like a five people for you for before
you can come how long is the way usually
to be seated when tomorrow are we care
for next Wednesday the 7th oh no it's
not too busy you can call for people
okay oh I got you bang so good they're
laughing though at that person witness
you can understand English it's just she
has an accent she said I just think she
had trouble parsing like May the 7th
maybe it's loud in there or whatever was
having trouble understanding he said May
the 7th and she was like 7 people yeah
and that thing I think would prop my
guesses it was all this good luck of
robot and finally they made it through
they really just chugged through it was
amazing yeah they said like I said
working on this for years so that the
the Google assistant can understand
nuances of conversation and I've watched
this video before but what occurred to
me is we were rewatching this again what
if they got to a part where this
assistant was converted into somebody
that could actually do commentary on
stories like this like I'm wondering the
other sort of phases of AI in a
sophisticated manner responding to
people I'm not scared of AI taking my
job because we're so far off that I mean
we've heard Elon Musk and Bill Gates say
this but that future they're thinking of
is so far off and it's not going to you
know decimate the American job market
it's gonna probably take a lot of jobs
that most people don't want to do anyway
can I tell you what I realized I love
when I when I thought about oh this is
what self-driving cars could
Highway Patrol Highway Patrol yeah
there's been like would you need it so
can we
it would eliminate traffic lights
because they'd be time precisely to just
go right through if they were all
automated dude if you want to know what
the feature of self-driving cars is go
to Argentina and watch a intersection
it's it's not a self-driving cars it's a
bunch of Argentinians who know exactly
how not to hit each other in a way that
scares the crap out of everyone around
Wow how I was sitting in a corner
what's Mabel talking that's all global
South country's by the way really it's
amazing it was one of my favorite things
to watch my friend react to anyways I
will say this though it is I was an
assistant at a talent agency and the job
of the assistant was one that taught me
all the higher-level things that happen
in the entertainment industry
so it was an entry-level job that was a
wet like I started in the mailroom
literally looking at the Hollywood wrote
a stack of 50 Hollywood Reporter's with
a bunch of different names on it and
like sorting it to who they went to in
the mail cart so that that was the
boring stuff that could be done by a
robot probably at that time but it was
part of a job that taught me more about
an industry so I could eventually make
my way into it I'm afraid that
eliminating assistant and schedulers
people who are who have a job of
learning all the different parts of an
industry could lead to people not really
having an in higher levels of and what
does an entry point look like at that my
job was terrible I was also answering
phones but in a newsroom and it was a
nightmare I wish it could have been a
robot two easy ways for Young Turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
