secure internet connection today go to
Nord VPN dot-com slash tyt you're gonna
get 77 percent off of three years the
link is in the description box below all
you got to do is click it Nord VPN comm
slash tyt Sunday is Mother's Day I'm
gonna be your mother for a second don't
participate in the deodorant challenge
someone in England posted she said the
game involves spraying deodorant on to a
person's bare skin for as long as
possible it's very complicated
oh and this is what happens god is this
the dumbest thing she says it's a hole
in my arm and there's all this yellow
stuff coming my friend did it a year ago
and has a scar but it said it wasn't as
painful as mine when I show people my
injury they lift up their sleeves and
show that they've had it all done - oh
so cool I would have done it just for
the scar but now that it's painful you
shoot deodorant on yourself so these
challenges there's a mix right today's
challenges really happen
apparently to her and her friends and I
think I think they do
yeah type old Tide Pods allenge which
also was ridiculous
I think teens have this combustible
amount of energy and we just send them
to school and sit all day and so they
find unique ways to be interested in
their lives when they're really as
science and neuroscientist have proven
they're like adult toddlers right so
that what they say they're they're like
adult toddlers they're having the same
kind of hormonal and brain expansion
that a toddler goes through right so
those are the times when you physically
change the most in your life or worse
than the cinnamon challenge right so
here's a list of the challenges we have
not very little time left but let's rank
the challenges let's go hopefully we got
this graphic or at least overly the list
them the tide pot challenge chubby bunny
where you put as many marshmallows
cinnamon challenge various condom
challenge including filling them with
water and dropping on your friends and
then inhaling it in your nose and
spitting out your mouth Kylie Jenner lip
challenge deodorant challenge which is
the dumbest I mean they're all pretty
pointless what can you the cinnamon
challenge can you die or isn't it really
accessible
you can die from literally anomalies you
can't die from chubby bunny I don't even
really understand the chubby bunny one
clip marshmallows your mouth you go
forward yeah but they I went in
auto-filled - chubby bunny deaths too
easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you are
notified of our videos
