last night it was revealed that a number
of sources from both gigantic
corporations here inside of the US and
internationally and even Russian
oligarchs have funneled millions of
dollars to shell corporations owned by
Donald Trump's personal lawyer that
seemed like big news but if you're
watching certain cable news stations you
didn't hear a peep about it so maybe
it's not that big of a story tucker
carlson didn't find time for it but
anyway as a day has passed we found out
more information and some of those
companies are attempting to explain why
they dished out so much money to a guy
with three legal clients and no history
of significant legal work and we're also
finding out a little bit more about
where some of these financial records
might have come from the Treasury
Department's inspector general is
investigating whether confidential
banking information related to a company
controlled by President Trump's personal
toy attorney Michael Cohen may have been
leaked and I believe on yesterday's
program we talked about there were two
ways that this information could have
been achieved one is through the
discovery process in a court battle in
California that mr. a vanetti stormy
Daniels lawyers involved and that's one
way that you could have gotten it the
other is that the Treasury Department
someone inside of there might have
leaked it that I would have to assume is
probably illegal but they are looking
into it and I have a feeling they're
probably good at tracking down that sort
of thing
now Michael a vanetti are reached for
comment about this says that the source
or sources of our information is our
work product and nobody's business they
can investigate all they want but what
they should be doing is releasing to the
American public the three suspicious
activity reports filed on Michael
Cohen's account why are they hiding this
information and the suspicious activity
reports the references there are
investigations that need to be conducted
if the Treasury Department notices
suspicious transactions of over ten
thousand dollars at a time of which
there were apparently and these three
really these types of leaks it's it's
obvious that it could be through leaks
that a vanetti gotta hold this
information but that's not uncommon so a
lot of times that far as left off it's
it's somewhat common for attorneys to
get this type of information on someone
or especially if they're conducting some
kind of I guess information grab on
their lawsuit against someone like
so it makes sense and again I said it
this morning I've an ad sometimes he
comes off badly yeah like so entertained
there was more and more and more yeah it
was certainly a busy day and I don't
know I mean there are a lot of ways that
you could attempt to explain this
pattern of all these transactions coming
in to Michael Cohen none of them look
good some of them might be legal which
is good news for Michael Cohen but
certainly none of them look good
best-case scenario this is just about
the swampy situation that we've ever
seen I mean huge quantities of money
being given to the personal lawyer of
the president for some sorts of favors
whether meetings or favorable
legislation I mean that's hardly rare in
America we've decided that we're just
going to allow that and we're gonna
flood our system with billions of
dollars constantly but it doesn't look
good and I would love to know what the
White House thinks about all this but
we're not going to anytime soon
Eamon J vers tweeted that the White
House will not answer a question about
whether President Trump a new of
payments so Michael Cohen
from AT&T Novartis that's the pharma
company or Columbus Nova that's the
American subsidiary of the Russian
oligarchs that corporation refers
questions to Trump's outside legal team
and you better ask them fast because God
knows they might be under some sort of
investigation soon too yeah so we have
all this money and it's a lot some of
the companies we find out actually we're
paying far more than we thought
yesterday and they've been attempting to
do some damage control explaining why it
is they provided so much money at to
Michael Cohen but it's not looking good
for them the most honest I guess broker
the of all these deals is 18t when they
were talking about they're dealing with
Cohen and potentially getting influence
on the president they just almost
straight up set it guess well you know
we're looking to get this merger a Time
Warner it was a time where yeah the Time
Warner merger I mean it is good a fine
deal where two different companies it's
not like we need to intertwine our it's
just two giants trying to merge and
create more influence cool and we just
want to know how this president was
gonna approach it and maybe allow us to
do it or not what should we do so we're
gonna get some money to get Michael
Cohen to talk to us about what he's
gonna do before he does it
really that sounds great but we've
gotten to that point now that a company
was struck the huge corporations like
this well straight up say first off
Randall Stephenson who's the chief
executive at AT&T was talking about he's
one of trumps best friends at the
beginning oh the hugest supporter of
them and then so once that went down
there in the battle right now I think
the decision is gonna be made next month
about whether or not the Department of
Justice is gonna allow this he goes what
they'll happen I thought we we paid very
good money for this this is where it's
supposed to work and this is a complete
indictment of where the system works now
like he's thinking this is how it works
for us why did he why does he turn our
back on us he's stabbing us in the back
we gave him plenty of money yeah
Michael Kony is a jack-of-all-trades
listen I want this mini job yeah yeah
awesome one of those entities in 1d or
nothing look I show up and then maybe
like you know what actually nothing he's
1.2 million dollars and he is means
technically a lawyer I guess technically
he doesn't seem to do much actual law
they keep describing him as a fixer
you've heard his name for a couple of
months now at the very least what does
he fix so now he's off to much he pays
off people people who've had affairs
with powerful men that doesn't seem
complicated I I don't understand why you
need some special thug to write a check
to a former adult film star but anyway
if you can get in this line of work it
is apparently quite lucrative
now one one update that I do want to
give is and of all of those various
payments they're all gonna be
investigated they look pretty fishy
we'll find out what was illegal what was
not illegal but the one that got the
most attention was certainly the
apparently $500,000 that was funneled to
this shell corporation by the American
subsidiary of a Russian oligarch
oligarchs corporation now I'm gonna give
their defense they're saying there was
absolutely nothing wrong Richard Owens
is an attorney for this company Columbus
Nova said this Columbus Nova is a
management company solely owned and
controlled by Americans after the
inauguration the firm hired Michael
Cohen as a business consultant regarding
potential sources of capital and
investments in real estate and other
ventures I would love to know what his
experiences and that although that is
what Sean Hannity said as well by the
way reports today that Viktor Vekselberg
used Columbus Nova as a conduit for
payments to Michael Cohen are false the
claim that Viktor Vekselberg was
involved or provided any funding for
Columbus Nova's engagement of Michael
Cohen is patently untrue
neither Viktor Vekselberg nor anyone
else other than Columbus Innovas owners
were involved in the decision to hire
Cohen or provide funding for his
engagement so that is a very categorical
denial of any involvement so we just
want to present that to you they are
denying that there's anything untoward
about all this even real estate advice
yes I did see also by the way that I'm I
don't have all the details on it perhaps
we'll put it on tomorrow's show but
Columbus Nova apparently around the time
of the election slightly before and
slightly after began buying up domain
names having to do with the alt-right
like alt - right comm alt - RIT dot-com
all of these I don't know is is that
involved in real estate transactions I'm
not sure but they did buy up tons of
these URLs which seems a little bit odd
although apparently they also have money
burning a hole in their pocket so they
can afford it Cohen was getting paid
first off window bought the payments for
certainly personal things
the AT&T thing they said we won
influence we know he's gonna do the the
health care part he's a health care
expert now he's gonna say what was going
on the health care he's an accountant
expert what the Korean air space
industries company they hired him
because of his accounting he's not an
accountant he's not an economist but
he's he's not any of these things I
thought he was the thug fixer I mean 18
he heard him cuz he gives good advice
great advice and then they didn't want
to work with him anymore but they just
kept it on because their contract the
fact that there's all these questions
hanging and then so at least if no one
wants to answer them or if only you know
certain folks want to answer them you're
left was just wondering and then if you
say something they go we'll look at you
speculating hey well let's figure it out
then yeah that's that's what getting to
the bottom of things means we have to
speculate until you get to the bottom of
it but there's way too many things
hanging over this guy to make us wonder
a so what did he do next what else has
he done what do they get from those
three rays that they did all they want
to do is silence the folks that did
those raids this discount with it what
their what their
what they want to get out of it right so
now they're the bad guys that's all
that's left to do is say that the guys
who are getting information are bad guys
it's all that's left because there's a
lot going on when steps start to hit the
fan with Michael Kona I just keep trying
to imagine what it's like are they have
these four companies just been sitting
on these statements or just like waiting
for when it's their turn and they're
gonna have to admit to this or it's true
yeah yeah have you been like keeping a
secret or hoping that it doesn't come to
you and then it comes to you and you're
like here we go okay I don't know we had
our statements written out others are
writing their statements right you're
like what yeah yeah why were we involved
in this great uh yeah look I just hope
that that's some of the the Trump
supporters are people that voted for him
not the people who are ideologically
always gonna support him because of
immigration or whatever I mean that the
people who who looked at their
government and rightfully saw that
something is obviously wrong it needs to
be changed and they wanted the swamp to
be drained or whatever metaphor and then
I hope that they see that they thought
well this is our crook but the thing is
when you put crook in office what you
get is corruption and criminality and
that is what we're seeing and not just
stuff you know threw out like a lot of
people are like well I don't care if he
worked with the mob for decades that was
a long time ago this stuff was after the
inauguration and for all we know
continues to this day
- easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
