House chaplain Patrick Conroy is back on
the job and that is after being
temporarily relieved of his position by
Speaker Paul Ryan because of Conroy's
moral objection to a tax bill that was
going to it was particularly harsh on
those most vulnerable in society and
this guy who was in the house to be
religious and gaudy had a problem with
that and Paul Ryan wasn't gonna stand
for it so temporarily he relieved him of
his position a lot of people in the
house fought back against that but they
fought back with words for the most part
and now they're transitioning over to
fisticuffs or at least close to it so
we've got some footage from the House
floor and they almost come to blows over
this guy Patrick Conroy let's watch
okay so you're seeing there Crowley and
his McArthur getting an argument over at
a Crowley a Catholic proposed launching
a special investigation into why he was
fired McArthur an Episcopalian walked
over and QS Crowley of politicizing a
non political issue look I guess he's
politicizing I mean once he fire the guy
it seems like Paul Ryan was politicizing
it that's what the fight was about so
Crowley was appointed when he pointed at
the front he goes your guy Paul Ryan is
warning glitterize this whole thing
because it started because again Joe
Crowley is the Democrat / Catholic
versus the Republican MacArthur /
Episcopalian who has prayed with Conway
yes oh yeah because you know yeah that's
that's the Christian way of doing things
again so once it all goes down into a
fight because because Crowley wanted I'm
sorry pet cross yeah I'm sorry Joe
Crowley is the democratic representative
he was trying to put an investigation
and then what happened asked why Paul
Ryan tried to use his power to get rid
of this this chaplain of this Congress
can I propose something yeah I would not
get it to all the things they said I
guess when I'm that much time yeah but
I'd like to propose that maybe just get
rid of the chaplain period if you're
gonna fight over it I mean they're not
gonna go watch the beginning what he
does and he prays about hoping that
these guys have the discernment and the
mind powers look we don't much time but
why don't we go to that next video
you'll understand a little bit of what
to trigger this entire thing as
legislation on taxes continues to be
debated this weekend next May all
members be mindful that the institutions
and structures of our great nation
guarantee the opportunities that have
allowed some to achieve great success
while others continue to struggle
may their efforts these days guarantee
that there are not winners and losers
under new tax laws but benefits balanced
and shared by all Americans
how'd you you couldn't see it because
they were cropped in really so from the
back Paul Ryan had an axe and he was
running at Conroy and they tackled him
thankfully so instead they just fired
him which I thought was was better
here's the thing I mean Conroy he's one
of the followers of Jesus I would say
that that was kind of like a light
inspiration from God like let's not have
overt winners and losers I would have
been throwing bombs in that not
literally I mean like rhetorical
religious bums
there's things that I can't say
unfortunately but the way that they
treat the poorest of Americans on a
daily basis in that chamber deserves
harsher language than what we saw from
Conroy but he gave a little bit and for
that he lost his position and he's now
been brought back and forth at those two
representatives almost come to blows so
much so that Steny Hoyer has to step in
I think look it's fine if they want to
argue about this and if that's what's
gonna get them to do that I would say
there are only 500 other issues that
they should be in each others face for I
would like to see all of the Democratic
representatives in all the Republicans
faces asking why we as a nation have
done nothing about lead in our water and
things like you I mean anyone here can
bring up a hundred different issues that
they should be shouting over I want it
to look like Japanese Parliament I want
people being thrown out of there like
their their dates and stuff I think
they're getting into a fight over a guy
that they both seemingly like and it's
just I'm not sure what's happening not
to mention that he got fired because a
lot of people believe that he said the
man who speaks for the good Lord said
let's be fair and this was too much for
me yeah again so that I I I'm I'm all
about job creation and she gets paid he
practice right well to give the morning
prayer before each session of Congress
normally that's fine but do we really
need him TD jakes it's great it's just a
thing I mean once he's fine apparently
once he says something you don't agree
with you get rid of him so you must not
think he's very useful in the first
place right unless he agrees with you
yeah so why is he there well we had
these I was a I was an athlete in
college and we had before meets games a
lot of times they have the chaplain come
and speak to you and pray over you and
stuff and I'd never had that before I
think they do it in some high school
probably Catholic high schools happening
and I was like I said then I said what's
going on what we doing why this is weird
and and not that I'm heating like you
are you know but I was like well why are
we doing it great know for sure they
just seemed out of place to me that's
all like cuz we're about to go run some
hurdles and that's not really gonna be
what's gonna determine yeah no they're
not because God doesn't care where them
that I win this race can I just point
out that it is amazing that with the
Republicans in charge of the house for
some time now that we don't have like a
prosperity gospel guy in there like we
still have someone who's kind of like
probe for I think that's weird it's not
like creflo dollar or something I write
this something very separate I think
it's just where you're getting it right
I don't know I thought that was our
whole thing it's our thing it's just not
their thing two easy ways for the Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
