Eric Schneiderman
was the Attorney General for the state
of New York and he was a great fighter
for regular Americans he really was he
fought against Goldman Sachs and Morgan
Stanley when they did the abuses in the
financial industry back in 2007-2008 he
took on ExxonMobil for climate change he
fought for women's rights in very
substant ways he fought to make sure the
women who were entering clinics could do
so safely and not be accosted by
protesters yelling and abusing them and
the list goes on and on of all the
positive things that Eric Schneiderman
has done so I'm going to overshare here
and tell you that when this story broke
yesterday broke in the middle of our
live show and I said no no no wait a
minute wait a minute we got to read the
whole story no way we're gonna rush on
air with claims of of sexual basically
assault and abuse that Schneiderman has
done against at least four women I said
there's he's going up against Trump
Trump opponents somehow wind up having
stuff leaked about them so hold on hold
on okay and the New York Attorney
General well one in the past was Eliot
Spitzer and he fought against Wall
Street he was called a sheriff of Wall
Street and all of a sudden powerful
people found allegations against them
also involving sex so I said let's see
what the source is there's hatchet men
out there for the right-wing
well I looked at the source after the
show and it turns out they got him and
it is damning first of all it's the New
Yorker and two people reporting on it
one is Ronan Farrow his credentials in
this field impeccable the second is Jane
Mayer simply put one of the best
reporters in the country so no no these
allegations are very much real so let me
begin to tell you what should I do Ben
apparently did
the forewoman involved as Pharaoh and
Meyer explained they alleged that he
repeatedly hit them often after drinking
frequently in bed and never with their
consent manning bearish and selves are
rotten 'm those are the two that came
out publicly categories that categorized
the abuse he inflicted on them as quote
assault they did not report their
allegations to the police at the time
but both say that they eventually sought
medical attention after having been
slapped hard across the ear and face and
also choked now a Chinaman claims that
they were just doing role-playing as
you're gonna find out in the piece no
that does not appear to be what happened
selves Ratnam's says that Schneiderman
warned her that he could have her
followed and her phones tapped and they
both say that he threatened to kill them
if they broke up with him
she night Arizona spokesperson said that
he never made any of these threats well
they are well documented as you're about
to see and not obviously would be an
enormous abuse of power on top of the
sikh assaults that are alleged here a
third former romantic partner of
Schneiderman's told manning barish and
silver on tanam that he also repeatedly
subjected her to non-consensual physical
violence but she told them that she's
too frightened of him to come forward
The New Yorker has independently vetted
a council they gave of her allegations a
fourth woman an attorney who has held
prominent positions in the New York
legal community says that Schneider
mermaid an advance toward her when she
rebuffed him he slapped her across the
face with such force that have left a
mark that lingered the next day she
recalls screaming in surprise and pain
and beginning to cry and says that she
felt frightened she has asked to remain
unidentified but shared a photograph of
the injury with the New Yorker
hard to get more credible than these
allegations this is not as in the case
of Al Franken someone who works at a
conservative media outlet with some
allegations that some right-wing
apparatchiks knew ahead of time
about know these are incredibly credible
witnesses talking to very credible
reporters and they have some evidence
backing them up as well so let me give
you more first Schneiderman says in if
that in the privacy of intimate
relationships this is his denial
basically I have and partly admitting it
I have engaged in role-playing and other
consensual sexual activity I am NOT
assaulted anyone
I have never engaged in non-consensual
sex which is the line I would not cross
now if you notice one he admits that
some of these allegations did in fact
happen he's just saying that they had
consented to it but not even exactly
remember he's a lawyer he said that he
would never cross the line of
non-consensual sex but those are not
allegations the allegations there's
non-consensual violence now not only
violence during sex that they did not
consent to but violence outside of sex
they did not consent to and in one case
when a woman said no to him he slapped
her across the face and again in a way
that left a mark
so Manning barish one of the women
involved here says I want to make it
absolutely clear and she dated him for a
number of years she says this was under
no circumstances a sex game gone wrong
this did not happen while we were having
sex I was fully dressed and remained
that way it was completely unexpected
and shocking I did not consent the
physical assault he hit her so hard she
bled from the year she had to go to a
doctor the doctor confirms that is in
fact what happened she was afraid to and
embarrass the admit to the doctor at the
time that it was because she was slapped
across the face but when the New Yorker
reached out to the doctor later and
asked were the injuries consistent with
the possibility of being slapped across
the face and in the air then doctor
confirmed yes and he also confirmed most
importantly the severity of the injuries
and apparently she was affected that by
that for years and the bleeding
continued after that day and and from
time to time
you know she would again how problems
with the urine and blood would continue
to come out so
not not a light situation here a
significant in that case in the
following days Manning bears confided to
three close female friends the
Schneiderman had hit her
all of them have confirmed this to the
New Yorker she was distraught one of the
friends a high-profile media figure says
she was very very upset this wasn't a
gentle smack he clocked her ear I was
shocked okay so this is not just stuff
that's coming out against Schneiderman
now this was documented years ago she
told her friends and and they confirmed
it was absolutely damning now another
part of this you can say it's small but
to me it shows character or lack thereof
and and it greatly bothered me and
especially from a guy that I thought was
on the right side and had done great
things publicly he would constantly
belittle and demean these accomplished
women whatever he started dating them
and he would just say non-stop things
that that brought him down and and
depressed them he would attack them on
their strengths now they were all
progressive women and and one of them
was going to go to the Manning barracks
was gonna go to a rally and against gun
violence after what happened in Newtown
now that makes a lot of sense and she
wanted to be part of change as she was
participating in that process and knew
some of the organizers and Schneiderman
made fun of her and everyone else who
attended a rally and he called the
demonstrators quote losers so while
publicly appearing to be on the side of
progressives apparently people go into
protest he thought privately were just
losers okay and then one time he was
using her computer issues working on an
important political project and he
apparently said quote oh look at little
Mimi so cute she's working now if it was
just one person you're going back
decades and the man is reformed well
you'd still have a ton of issues because
this is assault so I'm not in any way
minimizing that
but it would be a slightly different
issue but this does not go back decades
this is in the from 2013 on and all the
way to 2017 so that's last year and it's
very recent and if it you say you see
that quote and you say well maybe that's
just the one person they had a bad
breakup but it isn't one person it's at
least four people and they have
incredibly similar accounts and now well
let's go to Tonya silver Otton him she
said he had said that he would have to
kill me if we broke up on multiple
occasions he also told me he could have
me followed and could tap my phone no
that's absolutely beyond the pale as all
of this so and again that abuse of power
cannot be tolerated
so look Elliot Spitzer
I think was in a lot of ways a hero for
how he stood up for the average person
against Wall Street and they found out
that he was going to prostitutes you can
be really upset and his breaking of his
marital vows you can be upset that he
prosecuted people who went to
prostitutes before that and that
hypocrisy I get right but it was
consensual affairs with prostitutes
which I think should be legal so that's
in a totally totally different category
here you have a guy saying while he's
Attorney General I will have you
followed I'll have you tab in one case
he said when one of them jokingly said
hey you're jaywalking that's against the
law he apparently seriously told her I
am the law no no way has to step down
immediately and by the way he has so
should i Derman took about three hours
after this story broke to say okay no
mas any step down I'll get back to
consequences for him in one second but
unfortunately there's more here and it
is devastating the former girlfriend
another one told a salver ah tanam she'd
once been so afraid of Schneiderman this
she'd written down an extensive account
of the abuse locked the document in a
safe deposit box and
giving keys to two friends oh that's
disastrous this is not a
misunderstanding about what was agreed
to or not agreed to in sex again a very
very serious issue but a different issue
this is women who are so afraid for
their lives
and by the way silver on tanam also told
a couple of friends if anything happens
to me it was Schneiderman that's how
scared she was and another girlfriend
locks it up in a safety deposit box if
anything happened to me it was
Schneiderman Oh disaster okay so why
sometimes it's hard not to despair of
humanity Jesus Christ silver on tanam
says sometimes he tell me oh my god
listen to this sometimes he told me to
call him master and he slapped me until
I did important context Sal rotten em
who was born in Sri Lanka has dark skin
and sure calls that he started calling
me his brown slave and demanding that I
repeat that I was his property oh all
right well there goes Schneiderman and
in fact CNN reporting shortly after he
announced his resignation the Manhattan
district attorney's office said they had
opened an investigation into the
allegations against Schneiderman and as
well they should so Eric Schneiderman is
gone and given that Donald Trump has
very similar allegations against them
including by one of his ex-wives I
assume that will be awaiting the
president's resignation momentarily as
well two easy ways for Young Turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
