apparently between October 2016 in
January 2018 Michael Cohen used a first
republic' account to engage in financial
transactions totaling 4.4 million
dollars which is a lot for a guy with
three clients and so look maybe 500,000
of that came from Viktor Vekselberg but
there's a lot that didn't and we know a
little bit about some of the rest of the
money one of the largest pharma
companies in the world
Novartis apparently gave him four
hundred thousand dollars which is a lot
of money and by the way they're not
giving it directly to him it's through
one or more of his shell companies and
so we know that he had all these was
revealed after the raid and it becomes
an interesting question first of all how
did they know to use the shell company
controlled by the president's lawyer and
second of all
Novartis apparently wanted to meet with
Donald Trump and indeed during Davos
they did meet with Donald Trump so it
seems like this could have been a payoff
for that but what's interesting about
that is so far as I know there's nothing
illegal about that that's exactly the
sort of routine corruption we have all
the time
so why not pay Donald Trump or Michael
Cohen why put it through a shell
corporation controlled by the
president's lawyer there is one possible
explanation John which is you're right
we've basically legalized bribery why
not just giving it as an independent
expenditure which they could which they
could which would be perfect it was
after the election right unless they
didn't want to give it to the campaign
and Michael Cohen and Donald Trump did
not want to receive it into the campaign
mm-hmm they wanted to put it in their
pocket just do a speech - speech -
silver getting $400,000 they do that all
the time yeah but at the time they don't
know Trump's gonna win so they want to
be able to influence him if he does but
Trump thinks everybody in this
particular case the Novartis was
actually late 2017 oh wow interest and
AT&T AT&T through early 2017 apparently
gave $200,000 and it was a shortly
around the time that there had been all
that possible monopoly like are they
going to be able to absorb it for
the other company was a Comcast or
something like that night so this but
again that sort of thing is
theoretically legal it shouldn't be but
it is but not if you give it directly to
the lawyer so so this story is breaking
as we're doing the show live that's why
Jon's got all the details on it but if
it's in late 2017 John oh my god I would
if Muller then expands the investigation
into all the people who paid off Michael
Cohen to pay off Donald Trump it also
goes to another theory of ours which is
that Donald Trump is broke
he doesn't really have a lot of money
he's not a billionaire he's not any of
those things that's what I've been
saying for two years straight now maybe
three years maybe longer than that right
so why the hell would you need $400,000
from Novartis if you have what does he
claim ten billion dollars or maybe
they're just paid off Michael Cohen
so look yeah a lot of this is early on
let's see how it plays out but funneling
money to the president's lawyer in a
secretive way when you're trying to
influence the president there is no good
explanation of that yeah there's no
explanation that doesn't wind up with
someone in prison yeah and it's entirely
possible that some of this we might find
out isn't wondrous and accurate it was
just last week
that uh the michael cohen being
wiretapped turned out that it was just a
log of his calls so bear that in mind
when interpreting his stuff some of it
could turn out not to be the case but
Michael Cohen's lawyers saying well it
wasn't technically a payment seems to
imply that something happened to easy
ways for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
