although a number of bombs have been
sent to prominent political Democratic
figures and liberals including George
Soros Hillary Clinton Barack Obama and
representative Debbie wasserman-schultz
the house Republican campaign committee
has decided that it was a good idea to
release a new ad invoking radical George
Soros again we learned about the bomb
that was sent to his home in New York
yesterday but nonetheless they have
decided to put out these ads let's take
a look at the first one video 14 I owe
nothing to any leader Andy corporation
what a joke look at who finances danfa
ins employer radical George Soros Wall
Street's the biggest banks a crooked
lobbyist tied to Pelosi they paid
thien's bills and fund his campaign
because fiance Pelosi liberal supports
tax hikes more debt amnesty even
government-controlled health care I owe
nothing nonsense
liberals only fee him he'll never be for
you NRC sees responsible for the content
of this advertising they sent that and
ran that ad full well knowing that
sources house had already received a
bomb they acknowledge that and and that
he said the and the National Republican
campaign committee spokesperson said
attempted violence against mr. Soros or
any Wells or anyone else's repugnant and
we condemn it in the strongest possible
terms but this ad is entirely factual
and is in no way a personal attack you
call him a rat you said radical George
Soros has bought this guy and he's gonna
work for him but in no way is it an
attack against George Soros so we
condemn wink the violence against George
Soros but if you'd like to send another
bomb to the radical who well you know
have at it Hoss but us did we do it that
is real that they ran that ad after the
bomb well they ran two ads after the
bomb let's take a look at the second one
pre-madonna athletes protesting our
anthem left-wing mobs
to buy it in the streets billionaire
George Soros Banquo's the resistance and
Dan feein fans employed by a Soros
funded liberal outfit in DC his campaign
propped up by out-of-state super PACs
backed by Soros millions
so when you see feein pushing
government-run health care higher taxes
amnesty just remember the left all use
opinion he'll never be for you an RCC is
responsible for the content of this
advertising so my mistake that was
actually an ad that they released last
week oh well maybe that makes sense
because in that ad it shows a
left-winger throwing a bomb and saying
it's Soros is fault and then the next
week Soros receives a bomb back and then
not totally unrepentant they run another
ads saying yeah it's radical George
Soros good job good job
radical George Soros go get him go get
him look at that they had an ad in the
they had a thing in that ad say showing
left wingers so-called mobs throwing
bombs that have left will you ever throw
a bomb in any of the protests no never
the worst that it got was Antipa by the
way that is short for anti-fascist
through a water bottle at a proud boy in
New York when two knuckleheads inside
started fighting having nothing new
politicians and nothing do with
Democrats a water bottle okay now the
other side's throws bombs and then they
blame the left-wing for violence and
they specifically target George Soros
before and after the bomb there unreal
okay I got one more so Brad Pascal who
is running the non-existent Trump 2020
campaign you'll never make it there in
my opinion but anyway he's there
collecting hundreds of millions of
dollars and I get a load of that irony
by the way you evil George Soros is
financing P and how about the hundred
million dollars you guys collected
already for a campaign that doesn't even
exist in his two years away right from
all those donors okay
so pass parse Cal sent out a fundraising
email targeting CNN after the bombings
after the bombing yeah hold on I'm there
is a caveat there an important caveat
but listen to what the email said it's
time for us to give the media another
wake-up call from the American people
now he comes out and says well look my
bad my mistake that was set on auto send
okay it was a pre-programmed automated
message so first of all at a bare
minimum
you didn't think hey a bomb went off in
CNN oh right we had an email going out
saying how you should pretty much attack
CNN maybe I should make sure that an
email doesn't go out right no you're the
campaign manager of a campaign that
doesn't even exist you don't mean
anything to do all day some pleasure
donors so and send out these horrible
hideous emails so you got one sitting
saying your wake-up call on CNN you saw
they got a bomb you didn't stop the
email now he comes out and he says oh
and it was pre-programmed automated
message and quote they don't condone
violence against CNN or anyone except
for when your president was saying while
CNN was in the building and pointing at
CNN saying oh I love politicians who
body-slamming violently assault
reporters and then of course there was
that look I didn't think the WWE thing
was a big deal where he clotheslines the
CNN thing okay but in the context of
everything else now I think maybe he did
encourage people right and and
constantly talking about how the press
has enemy of the people
and then his campaign manager has the
gall to say we don't condone violence
against CNN or anyone and what do you
mean anyone you Trump says that almost
every rally assault someone and I'll pay
your legal bills he specifically points
out the media covering his rally in the
back and antagonize 'iz them and that's
what his voters love that's what they
expected his rallies he does it every
single time one other thing that I
wanted to point to just to show you how
effective repeated speech like this is
in influencing people to act a certain
way remember he's the President of the
United States so people do take him
seriously and if he advocates for things
and if he thinks certain things are okay
others are gonna think well the leader
of the country thinks this is okay so
why can't I do it so let me give you an
example not related to these bombs it's
worried that we didn't get a chance to
do yesterday because we ran out of time
there was a man who got arrested in a
Southwest flight and he was groping a
female passenger while she was sleeping
and so she immediately went to a flight
attendant as soon as they landed he got
arrested and he reportedly told the cops
that well the president says it's okay
to grab women by the genitals so why
can't I do that do you think that
everyone that goes to Trump's rallies
and listens to him and believes him has
a really high IQ to think that would it
would indicate that you don't have a
very high IQ so even if it's look even
if it's any politician Obama Pelosi
Schumer Cruz Trump it doesn't matter
there's a certain percentage of people
who are very low IQ and that are their
supporters and if you tell them to do
something they might actually do it they
might not think you're joking or that
hey it's he's hypothetically telling me
to assault reporters he's hypothetically
telling me that George Soros is super
evil and radical and I didn't we should
do something about it right
but no a lot of them will believe you
and among Trump supporters I would argue
that he has a much higher percentage of
low IQ people who have weapons and are
prone to violence and for Trump to
irresponsibly aggressively and it over
and over again repeatedly to say
violence violence violence is the answer
carry him out on stretchers
hit him I'll pay you assault reports and
a point to CNN ok and and one of the
guys at the rally many of them were
yelling at Jim Acosta etc one of them
did it I'm gonna slit your throat action
now Trump didn't necessarily see that
but it was in the news the next day so
Trump could come out on any one of those
days could do a press conference he
loves to talk to the press right he
could do an interview and say hey listen
guys I'm kidding around don't actually
assault a reporter I mean that would be
the bare minimum he could do right and I
saw that or somebody told me about the
cutting the throat
sign that's terrible that's totally
unacceptable
look I love my supporters but I don't
want you
carried away never ever ever should you
do what he never says that he never says
that so today with the most disingenuous
oh by the way innocent prompter I am
told that I'm supposed to say we do not
condone violence that's funny I condone
it every day anyway oh and I am for
unity I'm not for unity I'm for killing
others taking the other side's ass and
bashing them and smashing them and
assaulting them give him a couple days
Oh looks like much like any other
controversy where he starts off by being
careful he starts off by reading the
script and he follows the orders of his
aides he later goes off script speaks
off-the-cuff and says some of the most
hideous things you could ever imagine
like one example is just what happened
with the Cavanaugh hearings right I mean
he started off by being and we gave him
credit for that he started off by being
careful he appeared to be respectful
toward dr. Blasi Ford and then later
boom I goes off-script starts mocking
her makes fun of her at a rally and has
everyone there laughing at her just a
matter of time so that's right he read
from a prompter carefully written script
because they know the idiot does not
can't go off script because he'll say
something monstrous and does not have
the intelligence to be able to put the
other two sentences actually condemning
the violence and doesn't have it in his
heart so just a matter of time before
you're right he'll say well there's
bombers on all sides there's good people
on all sides
there's bombers on all sides it's really
the left wings fault and by the way
remember he's the conspiracy theorist in
chief he's the one who started the
Barack Obama birther conspiracy he
believes in like non-stop conspiracies
ago he went on Alex Jones Show said it
was a fantastic show his son Don jr. all
constantly tweets about conspiracies so
do you think it's gonna take long for
him to join Rush Limbaugh Fox News host
and Twitter guys that are today talking
about oh yeah it's it's a false flag
operation Oh Donald Don jr. probably is
gonna think about a day to do it Donald
Trump senior will probably take two days
before they join the false flag
operation conspiracy theory right and
then blame the left
for getting bogged get a load of that
they will blame the left they're doing
it right now they will blame the left
for potentially getting murdered amazing
so wait for it from Trump but it has
already begun from all the supporters on
the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
