so rudy guiliani it was on television so
buckle up and Trump team brace for
impact
some are calling this a dementia tour I
don't know I don't know if he's got too
many I don't know if Trump does or if
they were always born stupid so he's
gotten himself in a world of trouble by
admitting things that he should have
admitted earlier so what's he gonna do
now well Stephanopoulos is gonna ask him
about other women let's see what his
answer to that is you said hehehe this
was a regular arrangement he had with
Michael Cohen so did Michael Cohen make
payments to other women for the
president I'd have no knowledge of that
but I would think if it was necessary
yes if it was necessary yes did you pay
hush money basically Trump pay hush
money this this is now Trump's attorney
who do Giuliani to other women if
necessary yes
how many porn stars did he sleep with
what did he pay him the hush money for
now they like there are dozens of women
who accused Donald Trump of sexual
harassment sexual assault he didn't pay
any of them Jesus Christ what is he
hiding with these other women and how
many of them are there and Giuliana is a
attorney there and so he doesn't want to
say there are no other women cuz clearly
there are other women so he gave that
answer maybe not the best way to evade
that question but he was accidentally a
bit honest there so here we go can't
wait
apparently more woman coming down the
pike if you will so but we're not done
with Giuliani and that appearance cuz he
fumbles stumbled through another answer
and this one's fun let's watch mayor
what's if the presidents done nothing
wrong as you say again and again and he
tells you I know and if he tells and he
tells the truth as you would advise him
to do what is the danger and answering
Robert because they're trying to trap
there you can't you couldn't put a
lawyer on this show who wants to keep
his law license to tell you you should
testify that's only intercession it
doesn't tell the truth no it isn't it's
only prosecutable if they have some
built up manipulated evidence to prove
the president didn't tell the truth well
how often does that happen if you have
evidence that proves he doesn't tell the
truth and the president didn't tell the
truth oh no people do things like lie
people lie could could call me be lying
you're damn right he could be lying
George and we're gonna walk ourselves
into a trap but you believe the
president is telling the truth if you
believe that if you have that conviction
you're his attorney why don't you say go
in talk to Robert Muller tell the truth
because I wouldn't be an attorney if I
did that judge I'd be living in some
kind of unreal fantasy world that
everybody tells the truth okay
again I think slightly inadvertently
honest living in a fantasy world where
everybody tells the truth of course
nobody though the people lie in other
words I line the drum glides I know what
he's trying to say he's trying to say
well the others could lie against Donald
Trump and that would be their testimony
you get to give your side
that's why Stephanopoulos this question
is a really good one they keep calling
it a perjury trap here's a easy way to
avoid that trap don't commit perjury be
honest and say if you're innocent and
Donald Trump has said in the past taking
the fifth is what mobsters do what
guilty people don't do I mean pleading
the fifth is saying that you're not
going to incriminate yourself now if he
gets subpoenaed to a grand jury
Giuliani has said he might take the
fifth why you see a criminal and that's
Donald Trump's assumptions and not even
answering any questions from Robert
Muller and saying it's a perjury trap is
in essence admitting that Donald Trump
would commit perjury and that's why you
see Rudy Giuliani with a nolo here with
Trump go and talk to a prosecutor where
he would obviously tell lie after lie
after lie I mean be honest but be
charged with perjury anyway no no no
these guys are totally unprepared they
don't have good answers because there
are no good answers if he didn't do
anything wrong are you kidding me you
a runaway freight train couldn't stop
Donald Trump from testifying or going
and answering simple questions
while he's not even under oath that's
what Muller is requesting that's the
first request you don't have to be under
oath just coming through these questions
if Donald Trump thought he didn't do it
you know he'd go in there and he'd go in
there with great bravado instead he's
running running running running you know
why cuz he did do it he wouldn't commit
perjury to try to protect himself that's
why they call it a perjury trap and now
this is the first woman how many more on
the way how what kind of hush money did
you pay them and what did he pay him for
so tip of the iceberg man and one final
note I told you guys this before when
Donald Trump got molars questions he
looked at him said see no questions
about collusion what do you mean half
the questions were about collusion and
what you did during the campaign because
he thinks the rush is helping me during
the campaign that's nothing man that's
not the real collusion you should look
into my golf deals and all the money
that I got from the Russians huge story
from the Washington Post about that
today but I already told you guys that
all that stuff was already in the public
record but both of his sons the Schmucks
that they are have told reporters oh
where do we get the money for the golf
courses we got it from the Russians they
love golf we get our money from the
Russians we get it from the Russians all
the time it's already public the
collusion is already public you think
the Russians are giving Donald Trump all
that money for their health because they
just think oh I don't Trump what a great
businessman nobody in America would lend
him any money he went bankrupt six
different times he's a terrible
businessman it's the money laundering
stupid and apparently whatever is on a
tape or a picture that Donald Trump is
self-conscious about those are the two
things that Donald Trump's actually
worried about two easy ways for Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
