good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
and we begin with a quick welcome aboard
to Oliver North who was announced late
today as the new president of the
National Rifle Association the NRA you
may remember north from the iran-contra
scandal of the 1980s when the Reagan
administration secretly sent some of
America's most technologically advanced
weapons to the Ayatollah Khomeini in
Iran in exchange for a secret slush fund
of cash to finance a shadowy war in
Central America North conviction was
later overturned and he became a
far-right unto then FoxNews regular now
when word first came that North was to
be the new NRA president there was
surprised and some almost disbelief
unbelievable was one quick popular
reaction this was based on an opinion
held by some people questioning his
competence and organizational skills
it's been said in some quarters that
Oliver North is a man who couldn't
operate a parking meter that Oliver
North couldn't organize a two-car
motorcade
but arguing against that view is this
North was a former US Marine officer who
led other Marines in combat in Vietnam
high credentials for competence and
courage it turns out that North's new
position doesn't actually involve
running the NRA that remains in
basically the same hands as before
North's new role is more a ceremonial
and public relations one along the lines
of that once held of a late actor
Charlton Heston whose final role was as
a champion of a belligerent and
polarizing gun culture I want to say
those fighting words for everyone within
the sound of my voice to hear and to
heed and especially for you mr. gore
from my cold dead hands
so what to make of north at the NRA
we'll see be interesting to observe how
North does battle with all the young
people seeking some common-sense efforts
to reduce gun violence and how those
young people in turn respond to him and
what he represents
well now this turn of this it's tempting
to see what happened with the Republican
Party this week as an aberration a
one-off
how after all did a convicted criminal
even get in the running to win the
Republican Senate nomination in West
Virginia if you weren't familiar with
Don Blankenship before now you should
know that he did a year in prison
in connection with a disaster at one of
his mines that killed 29 people
Blankenship had a vocal and consistent
record of contempt for safety measures
and for government oversight but to
really get a sense of this man you
should see his own edge Blankenship
doesn't go after Democrats in his head
from last week heading into Tuesday's
Republican primary
Blankenship goes after Senate Republican
leader Mitch McConnell I'm Don
Blankenship candidate for US Senate and
I approve this message
Swamp captain Mitch McConnell has
created millions of jobs for China
people while doing so mitch has gotten
rich in fact this China family has given
him tens of millions of dollars
Mitch's swamp people are now running
false negative ads against me
they are also childishly calling me
despicable and mentally ill the war to
drain the swamp and create jobs for West
Virginia people has begun I will beat
Joe Manchin and ditch cocaine Mitch for
the sake of the kids
McConnell it turns out had funded ads
against Blankenship and reportedly urged
President Trump to tell Republicans on
Monday not to nominate Blankenship not
because of the death of 29 miners not
for Blankenship's contempt for
government
because Blankenship was not a real
conservative
so if Mitch McConnell or any other
Republicans are wondering how a
convicted criminal with no government
experience and no respect for the
government itself got this far you might
want to review your history in 2000 you
Republicans nominated the first
presidential candidate with a minor
criminal record like his running mate in
2008 you nominated the candidate who
proudly proclaimed he knew nothing about
the economy and then picked a running
mate
who knew even less in 2012 you nominated
the candidate who actively ran away from
his government experience and said he
was qualified because of his business
experience outside government in 2016
you the Republicans nominated the first
president in American history with no
record whatsoever a public service zip
zero nada not the military not civilian
government having no experience in
government the Republican Party told us
was better than having some last year in
Alabama you nominated a Senate candidate
not only accused of sexual misconduct
but who proudly flautas the law multiple
times violating court orders this year
you applauded the pardon of a sheriff a
law officer convicted of violating
another court order while the president
openly calls for illegal actions against
his political enemies the worst
Republicans applaud and aid him the best
offer muted words of concern the
majority stay silent contempt for
government is a slippery slope the
Republican Party has slid down all the
way to contempt for the rule of law
dragging the nation with them but we've
been here before we've been down this
path and found our way home again we
will not hit bottom due to you mr.
president
whether it's Alabama or West Virginia I
see Americans waking up and looking up
and remembering that America's bedrock
is respect for law and respect for
government not out of respect for
authority but out of respect for the
multitude of voices that speak together
as one as our government as our laws
that's the America I see what a
president Trump's leading candidates for
Secretary of Veterans Affairs turns out
to be a lobbyist who's been getting paid
to privatize the VA the man's name is
Jeff Miller the former chairman of the
House Veterans Committee Miller left
Congress on January 3rd last year less
than five months later Miller was a
registered lobbyist getting paid to
lobby the government to privatize
aspects of veteran's health care
Miller's first client was a disgraced
hedge-fund billionaire one
Stephen Cohen who gave President Trump a
million dollars for his inauguration and
who has a chain of clinics that treat
veterans and stands to benefit if the
government starts spending more of its
money on private health care for
veterans last year
Stephen Cohen spent two hundred and
ninety thousand dollars on lobbying for
quote efforts to increase access to
mental health care for veterans and
efforts to increase federal funding for
PTSD related research unquote
Miller was perfectly positioned to work
on the issue as a congressman matera
helped influence Trump to consider
privatizing veteran's health the law
prohibited Miller from lobbying Congress
so soon after he left and his disclosure
forms indicate he was doing quote
executive branch lobbying only in the
first quarter of this year Stephen Cohen
paid the firm Miller works for $50,000
the lobbying disclosure form filed on
April 18th shows Miller was still listed
as actively lobbying the
executive branch and now Congress to
privatize veteran's health care just two
weeks later last Wednesday Miller was
meeting with White House aides about the
VA position the previous VA secretary
you should know says he was pushed out
by VA insiders who also want to
privatize the VA one of them reportedly
Miller's former aide from Congress I
want to be clear that privatizing health
care for veterans would be fine if all
veterans could get it without going
bankrupt and if private care were
somehow both less expensive and better
than the VA we want what is best for our
veterans who signed up the service
knowing it could mean the ultimate
sacrifice when they return our meager
sacrifice in return is to serve them as
best we can let's be candid the VA is
far from perfect every human system is
but survey after survey indicates the VA
is better at providing good care to the
most veterans than the private sector
which is obligated to his owners
shareholders and investors obligated to
provide profits we the people through
the two we call government have no such
obligation we have a higher obligation
and that means we must choose leaders
committed to serving that obligation not
to serving the almighty dollar
turning to North Korea does president
Trump deserve the credit we'll talk
about it next
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
2016 primaries why be a Democrat at all
sit on the sidelines of history as I
should I'll leave it to the Nobel
Committee to decide whether President
Trump deserves a Nobel Peace Prize as
many of his followers have been
suggesting but no one should deny it's a
good thing that Kim jong-un has agreed
to talks next month it's horrific that
the Korean War may finally come to a
formal end and that Kim has opened the
door to scrapping his nukes but it's
important to remember what kind of
behavior motivates nations to pursue
nuclear weapons in the first place
consider the lesson offered by North
Korea Kim has obtained nuclear missiles
tested nuclear missiles threatened to
use them and unleased outrageous
rhetoric it got him exactly what he
wanted respectful treatment even praised
from the president of the United States
and a place at the table which brings us
to Iran and the president Trump's
announcement this week about whether to
withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal the
president was periodically required to
certify Iran's compliance with the terms
of that deal the last time mr. Trump did
so he said would be the last unless he
said Iran agrees to a new deal
which Iran has said it will not and the
European nations who also signed the
deal said they don't need a new one
the White House says Iran is not
complying with the terms of the deal
which allow for inspections and threaten
the return of sanctions but here's the
thing Donald Trump scrapping the deal
has two consequences one it allows the
us to restore sanctions against Iran but
in doing so it also clears the way for
the second consequence Iran can resume
its full-out pursuit of nuclear weaponry
in other words the president pulling out
of the Iran deal will help those within
Iran who want to get nuclear weapons by
eliminating
the last reasons for them not to iran
has seen what happened to saddam hussein
when he stopped his pursuit of weapons
of mass destruction iran has seen what
happened to Muammar Qadhafi when he
agreed to end his nuclear program no
contrast those lessons with North Korea
by according Kim jong-un the respect and
recognition he craves in response to
Kim's belligerence president Trump has
demonstrated very clearly to Iran and
the world that the complexities of
diplomacy compromise and negotiation are
no assurance against American aggression
and that the surest path to winning the
respect of America's president is to
obtain the only thing he respects the
power to destroy president Trump's
nominee for CIA director Gina Haspel who
oversaw waterboarding and other brutal
torture practices during the George W
Bush administration got cold feet over
the weekend and nearly withdrew her
nomination as criticism mounts of her
role in one of the darkest chapters in
recent American history for senior US
officials told The Washington Post that
Haspel sought to withdraw on Friday to
avoid the spectacle of a raucous
confirmation hearing in the Senate set
for May 9th stunned by the woman's
sudden change of heart
several top White House officials rushed
to CIA headquarters in Langley Virginia
where she's currently serving as deputy
director to plead with her that she
stayed the course after lengthy
deliberations on Saturday Haspel agreed
a defiant Trump chastised Democrats
Monday morning for warning Haspel out
because quote she's too tough on terror
unquote Haspel so-called quote toughness
includes overseeing a notorious CIA
black site in 2002 when the alleged
mastermind of the terror attack on the
USS Cole was waterboarded
the CIA also subjected him to tactics
both grisly and illegal including sleep
deprivation rectal for speeding and
extremes of temperature and others
Haspel later participated in the CIA's
destruction of videotapes documenting
those SAR attacks all of this is
perfectly okay with President Trump who
recalled boasted on the campaign trail
that torture quote works and proclaimed
his belief that quote
waterboarding is fine legally the US has
banned the use of torture but mr.
Trump's nomination of Haspel certainly
suggests his enduring commitment to the
value of torture and his rhetorical
embrace of it may yet reap political
dividends no other how thoroughly the
tactics have been discredited few of
those complicit in the global torture
regime of President George W Bush were
held accountable regardless of Haskell's
fate before the Senate the only
consequence here for is political
century not the force of law we as a
nation have yet to fully reckon with our
collective responsibility for
rehabilitating torture as an instrument
of American state craft of this genius
police but the latest reminder not the
last well with respect I have a message
for Trump voters that they might just
listen to under the right conditions
that's coming up in just a moment
I was special an amazing power like a
smart Destiny's Child we're all too
strong we start a revolution for another
one aren't you excited
Wow so the best writers in the country
are right here on this panel with the
obvious exception of John I roll quickly
discount fan fiction we have elected the
top Twitter troll in the country what
ran me away from Christianity was
judgment and condemnation salting
peaceful protesters in North Dakota
crazier than bomb in Yemen crazier than
bombing Syria so much they ran out of
bombs reductive interpretation of what
their motives are what Putin's are
with respect I'd like to speak for a
moment to fans of President Trump the
Fox News viewers to see whether you're
capable of hearing other people fairly
without dismissing our substance as a
result of our politics I'd like you to
hear a message to President Trump and
then decide whether it's safe to dismiss
it just because it's coming from me here
we go
president Trump respond of calling out
the media as fake news but is he the one
giving them very real ammunition maybe
not intentionally I'll even give you the
benefit of the doubt mr. president and
say maybe not deliberately but
consistently way to consistently so let
me be clear mr. president how can you
drain the swamp if you're the one who
keeps muddying the waters you didn't
know about that $130,000 payment to a
porn star until you did you said you
knew nothing about how your former
lawyer Michael Cohen handled this until
acknowledging you were the guy behind
the retainer payment that took care of
this let's just say your own words on
lots of stuff give me lots of pause
what's the time you said the Russians
didn't interfere in the 2016 election
until a lot of Republicans had to remind
you they did you came back months later
and said well I never said that Russia
didn't meddle in the election when in
fact you had a lot it's not that these
exaggerations
and omissions and missed statements to
say the least are now and then more like
now and then something else always
something else like you said there was
serious voter fraud in New Hampshire and
there wasn't and said the same about
repeated claims of voter fraud in
Virginia and there weren't or that
millions of illegals voted in the last
election but they didn't your base your
supporters probably might not care
but you should I guess you've been too
busy drinking the swamp to ever stop and
smell the stink you are creating that
you're doing that's your stink mr.
president
that's your swamp okay so if you're a
Trump fan and assume my words must
reflect some liberal or otherwise bias
I'd like to again respectfully have you
considered the exact same words which we
have accepted from part of a commentary
by Neil Cavuto of Fox News president's
fond of calling out the media on fake
news but is he the one giving them very
real ammunition maybe not intentionally
I'll even give you the benefit of the
doubt mr. president say maybe not
deliberately but consistently way to
consistently so let me be clear mr.
president how can you drain the swamp if
you're the one who keeps muddying the
waters you didn't know about that
$130,000 payment to a porn star I think
it did said you knew nothing about how
your former lawyer Michael Cohen handle
this until acknowledging today you were
the guy behind the retainer payment that
took care of this let's just say your
own words on lots of stuff give me shall
I say lots of pause like the time you
said the Russians didn't interfere in
the 2016 election until a lot of
Republicans had to remind you they did
came back months later and you said well
I never said that Russia didn't meddle
in the election when in fact you had a
lot it is not that these exaggerations
and omissions admit statements are now
and then more like now and then
something else always something else
like the time you claim you sign more
bills than any president ever neglecting
to mention the other four presidents FDR
Truman Carter and Clinton who will sign
more or brag about the national debt
going down by 12 billion dollars after
your first month in office even though
it's sorted by nearly a trillion bucks
now that you're 15 months in office like
when you said there was a serious voter
fraud in New Hampshire and there was it
said the same about repeated claims of
voter fraud in Virginia and there
weren't that millions of illegals voted
in the last election
they didn't your base probably might not
care but you should I guess you're too
busy draining the swamp to ever stop and
snow the stink you're creating that's
your doing
that's your stink mr. president that's
your swamp if it took hearing that
message from Trump supporter Neil Cavuto
to make you consider it if you weigh
arguments based not on merit but on
personality you may be part of the
problem and mr. Caputo if your viewers
are incapable of hearing that message
from anyone other than Fox News that
you're doing that's your stink that's
your swamp
what would you Giuliani reviews about
President Trump after this
I was special like she's an amazing like
a smart Destiny's Child we're all too
strong we've done a revolution for
another one aren't you excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
role discount Harry Potter fanfiction we
have elected the top Twitter troll in
the country what land me away from
Christianity was judgment and
condemnation salting peaceful protesters
in North Dakota crazier than bomb in
Yemen crazier than bombing Syria is so
much they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are
finally tonight when you look at the
performance of Rudy Guiliani of his past
few days it's hard to construct a
coherent theory that explains it he is
supposed to be president Trump's lawyer
and advocate but is demolishing rather
than building the president's legal case
so we have to consider the possibility
then that Giuliani is being deployed to
assist the president's political
survival to muddy the waters to drag out
debate - where is all out in which case
mission somewhat accomplished it's
important also to consider Giuliani's
performance in the broader context of
trumps performance fair-minded people
have to ask how could one of America's
top businessman do so poorly as
president how could one of America's top
prosecutors do so poorly defending him
and how could so many Americans defend
the performances of both we as a country
as a society have struggled with some of
these questions since before mr. Trump
won the nomination and we're still
struggling with him economic anxiety is
part of the answer economic anxiety
coupled with concerns about rapid
changes in the nation's overall culture
fuelled by dramatic demographic changes
the increases in the racial makeup of
immigrants more Latinos Africans Arabs
and Asians concern often outright fears
and yes some blatant racism is part of
the heart of this Americans especially
white Americans were loath to
contemplate the role of racial concerns
especially plain straight-out racism in
elevating a man such as mr. Trump but as
much as we hate to face it the evidence
is mounting mr. Trump's support levels
remain stubbornly fixed indeed by some
estimates they were at least slightly
increasing
there is no guarantee that Trump's party
and it is his party now we'll lose
control of one of the houses of Congress
in November much less - recognizing that
racial bias and in too many cases deep
abiding racism are at the core of many
of our national problems that's a
necessary first step to recognize that
and one that we have not yet fully taken
until we do trying to understand the
rise of Donald Trump and what is
happening in our country will continue
to confound us with that I'll leave you
for this new cycle The Young Turks is
next and we'll be back with the news at
this same place in time 5:30 Eastern
every Monday until then dan Rather
reporting stay steady
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
2016 primaries why be a Democrat at all
sit on the sidelines of history
you
