all right back on rebel headquarters now
means eat Gilani's a reporter for the
intercept he's previously worked as
former communications outreach
coordinator for United Republic senior
reporter blogger for Think Progress he
worked at the p triple c i said i get
the sense that you might be a
progressive you know there might be a
few clues there so yeah you know what
i'm gonna start an interesting way i
really want to talk about your stories
covering progressives and fake
progressives and mid-level progressives
but first i wanted to ask you about your
old place of work Think Progress so
interesting stories coming out of there
recently what's your take on Think
Progress having worked there well it's
kind of interesting because it was
basically an institution within an
institution because Think Progress was a
web blog and newsletter based in the
Center for American Progress which is a
think tank which houses particularly
Democratic Party officials almost
exclusively Democratic Party officials
and I think when I worked there you know
fat shake here was my boss I you know he
along with the Amanda Terkel you know
helped found it and read like I've
helped found it and I think you know we
often kind of took positions over a
little bit uh off-center from our folks
sort of in the think tank and sometimes
that caused a little bit of dispute but
I think that did a really good job of
you know pushing to keep it independent
because a think tank I think sort of had
more center type politics or Democratic
establishment politics whereas the
mostly younger people worked at the blog
we were trying to push the envelope and
you know I haven't worked there since
2012 so I wouldn't know as much about
what's happening today but I think you
know the people who work they probably
tell you they still try to have they
that eat those all right okay just
wanted to check in on that so now let's
start with your story about shree ton of
they're running for governor in Michigan
because that's super fascinating then
we'll get into some of the other
candidates out there uh he says and he's
got a lot of money to say it with that
he's the most progressive Democrat
running for governor and that he's a
fiscally savvy Bernie Sanders he
you're reporting do you think that that
is accurate well it's interesting so
find our is uh was sort of a businessman
in Michigan he's spent a ton of money
his loan six million dollars was
campaign spent two million of those
dollars on TV and now he's actually
either leading in the polls or he's
number two in the polls and a lot of
that is based on branding and saying
he's like Bernie Sanders he supports $15
minimum wage single-payer I think he's
convinced a lot of people but what
happened was a number of consultants who
met with him prior to announcing for
governor told me that he actually
considered running as a Republican that
he wasn't really sure where he was on
the issues he was considering being
pro-life for instance like he said that
would be fine with them and when I asked
on Adar in an interview about this he
didn't entirely deny he didn't he didn't
say that he was ever gonna rise as a
Republican but he did say that he didn't
tell his party do these consultants when
he's meeting with them because he wanted
to save that for later when he announced
I mean if and you know I talked to him a
lot about sort of his political
background he really doesn't have much
of a background he's donated to some
politicians some Democrats as well as a
John McCain a Republican and so it's a
very unusual sort of history for someone
who who basically proclaimed myself as a
Bernie Sanders type guy because Bernie
Sanders type guy would probably be using
his millions of dollars to support
progressive candidates progressive
social organizations about referendums
but he's never done any of that and so
yeah I think that story really put a big
question question mark over his
candidacy and I think that it really did
say something that for different you
know sort of prominent Michigan
consultants we're able to go on the
record with me and use their names and
put their credibility at stake to tell
me that he had told them that he was
even considering running in the
Republican Party so what do we think is
the game here I mean if he is trying to
figure out which party has a better
chance of winning in and won't say what
his policies are before he formulates
okay I got it this is the best path to
victory too but to what end well then
you know that's a good question cuz some
people say well you know if politicians
are opportunistic that's fine the
eventually they'll come around to where
we are but you have to understand in
every stage of the process of politics
people opportunists have different
incentives so right now he has an
incentive he's going up against the guy
who actually has a number of Bernie
Sanders staff up he'll say Eddie was a
progressive he's going up against
Witmer who was a state Senate leader as
a longtime Democrat so right now he has
an incentive to say he's progressive to
say he's a Bernie type guy he may not
have that inside of an a general
election he certainly wouldn't have that
inside when he's governor and facing up
with a fairly sort of moderate
conservative legislature and so on and
so forth so I think that you know for
him it may very well end up being that
he's just doing what he thinks and he
needs to do to win but that isn't
necessarily going to describe how he's
going to govern for instance I didn't
put this in the article but I talked
with him for some time about
single-payer and I kept asking him what
his plan wasn't he really didn't have a
plan and you know that's a huge
undertaking for a state to establish one
sort of statewide single-payer health
insurance system and he doesn't have any
plan to do it but he says he's going to
do it he even told me that he prefers
the federal government just do it and
they get it done instead of the state
which isn't necessarily what he's saying
on the campaign trail so I think really
you do have to push candidates you know
kind of put their their nose the
grinders so to speak because it's easy
to talk one-way during an election and
heated election but it's a very
different way it can be varied from
where how you actually govern I think
that's a huge question mark for this
candidate yeah and by the way just so
people know Abdul Sayid is a just
Democrat he's one of the guys running
against him just letting folks know that
just in case but one last question about
this it is interesting though whatever
this how do you pronounce his name tree
street down today
sana dar whatever Sri Tana DARS motives
are it is interesting that he has
calculated that the best path to victory
is to have really really progressive
positions not what Washington says oh
you know just be a Republican light tell
him you'll give a couple just a little
less tax cuts to the rich he has
calculated new if you actually want to
win you should have Bernie Sanders type
of policy positions yeah and remember
that a Michigan actually probably hates
Hillary Clinton more than the average
state considering Bernie Sanders won
very surprisingly in the primary there
and then very surprisingly Donald Trump
won there in the general election so I
think thunder probably made a very
rational calculation that hey this state
actually really likes Bernie Sanders
style politics it doesn't like
establishment democratic politics
honestly doesn't like establishment
Republicans style politics either
so yeah I think that is definitely an
interesting fact although I don't think
I would I would take that fact to
describe this gentleman's politics where
you'd actually be elected yeah I got you
so that then I know we're running short
on time I want to have you back on more
and more because this is great stuff
let's just talk real quick about one
more race which is the governor's race
in Ohio so you've got an all-star
showdown there and Dennis Kucinich
versus Rob Corddry so including me what
is a progressive to do how do we weigh
those two different progressives yeah so
I mean I you know I don't I don't really
make endorsements and races or anything
so I can't really tell people how to
vote but um it is an interesting dynamic
because I think when because soonish got
in a lot of people underestimated him
they didn't really realize he to have as
much strength in the race but I think
there's a few issues one of the issues
is that Rob Corddry had a from the NRA
when he was Attorney General of Ohio he
doesn't support an assault weapons ban
and I think after the tragedy in Florida
that's become a really big issue for
Democrats and Kucinich actually not only
does he support the assault weapons ban
he's always had an F from the NRA he
actually started recruiting volunteers
to go to their local towns or city
councils and try to pass resolutions
calling on the legislature to pass an
assault weapons ban so I think he really
rode that issue to where he went up in
the polls and I think Corddry you know
for most of the campaign he didn't even
have an issues page he just like started
putting custom issues recently with like
the election a few weeks away so I think
you've finished kind of caught people by
surprise just because he was offering a
lot of progressive substance you know
saying there should be a public
broadband network in Ohio talking about
public works and talking about banning
fracking and I think the fact that
Corddry just didn't have much of an
issues page or much of an issue position
is really what hurt him in this race and
why its Kucinich is making it a real a
real fight going down to the primary so
for folks who don't AmeriCorps jury I
was the head of a Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau a big ally of
Elizabeth Warren so is there any reason
to doubt his progressive chops on the
financial front you know holding the
bankers accountable etc what he's known
well well it's funny um when Cory left
the CFPB he kind of put it in Trump's
hands cuz this term was going to end in
June to 2018
so you couldn't make an argument that he
actually he was kind of friend
to the industry by leaving and actually
a number of people in the industry of
giving him money since he left like the
head of the Mortgage Bankers Association
is funding Rob Richard Cordray's
campaign in Ohio so you know I I do
think I CFPB chair he did a number of
things I didn't like but by leaving he
kind of gave them the advantage because
Mick Mulvaney is has sort of taken over
and also he doesn't really have any
strong economic plans as far as
gubernatorial campaign I think he's
definitely positioning himself as kind
of the moderate candidate in the race
and you know maybe that's what a what's
politically palatable in Iowa Who am I
to say but I don't think I don't think
he's really trying to be the left
candidate in this race I think Kucinich
is definitely carved out of that space
although that is an ironic you know
criticism of court jury that he was so
tough on the bankers that when he left
they're like oh thank god here's some
money thank you for leaving so ok
finally I don't know if there's been
polling on that I haven't seen it I
don't know if you've seen it do we know
where they stand between Cordray and
Kucinich right now there was a poll I
think late last month they had them tied
and now there was a poll that had
Corddry up over Kucinich but there's a
huge number of undecided people in that
race like I don't know 40 or 50 percent
or something so I think it's very
unpredictable actually all right well I
super exciting because that Ohio
primaries coming up it's in May we're
gonna cover it live of course on The
Young Turks as we do on all the election
nights on the primary nights it's it's
gonna be a thriller
all right Zedd Jelani reporting for the
intercept covers these issues as well as
anyone in the country thank you for
joining us really appreciate it
can't think same
