our friend brian fisher is back and once
a year he has to butcher the
constitution for us and explain his
ridiculous interpretation of it so let's
check it out just want to finish up on
our conversation about whether Wiccans
that is worshipers of the devil
followers of witchcraft whether they
have first amendment rights under our
constitution and the answer is that they
do not the blunt simple direct
straightforward answer is that Wiccans
do not have First Amendment rights nor
do Muslims nor do Jews nor do Native
Americans nor do Rastafarians nor do any
practitioners of any other religion
other than Christianity because Joseph
and again I'm just quoting Joseph story
so this is not my idea I've even come up
with this idea this is Joseph's story
the eminent historian of the First
Amendment and the Constitution's look
what the Founding Fathers were driving
at here in the First Amendment they
weren't even considering Islam they
weren't even considering Judaism they
weren't even considering maybe of
America well that is all they were
dealing with all they were considering
was Christianity
so whatever the First Amendment is about
whatever protections it extends in the
Federal Constitution those were just for
Christianity so Christianity has First
Amendment rights under the Federal
Constitution no other religion does that
is hilarious
so his argument is yeah yeah yeah you
have freedom of religion but you have
freedom of religion to believe in my
religion all the religions you don't
have the freedom to believe it so you
have the freedom to do only what I tell
you to do you have the freedom to have
the beliefs that I want you to have well
Bryan we run into a little problem here
because that would be the opposite of
freedom that would be defined as the the
fundamental antithesis of what freedom
is it's not free if you are confined to
believing only the thing that you say
you want them to believe that would be
tyranny not freedom
that would be tyranny I'm gonna force
you to believe certain things you don't
have the freedom to believe any other
other than what I want you to believe I
don't see what this goes to show you is
it doesn't matter how clear you make it
Theo Kratz will always twist it to their
own benefit so it doesn't matter how
clearly how plainly you put the language
in there like okay you have freedom of
religion know what that really means is
you don't have freedom of religion
it says freedom of religion no that
means you have don't have freedom of
religion and you only have the freedom
to believe what I want you to believe so
it doesn't matter how plain you make the
language don't find a way to
wiggle out of it and through it
you know
and my question to Brian Fisher would be
so what do you want to do because he was
talking about Wiccans and Muslims and
Jews and so if they don't have freedom
of religion and they don't have freedom
to believe what they want to believe
Brian then what do you want to do what
do you want to send the police to shut
these places down by force shut down
every temple every synagogue every
mosque every you know I don't know
whatever other religious places there
are you want to forcibly shut them down
I mean that would be the logical
conclusion of what he's talking about
here you want to ban people from
practicing their religion how they want
to practice it in their own homes when
they're not hurting anybody else I mean
you you can't imagine a more
authoritarian tyrannical dictatorial
extremist position than that but he
presents it as if it's common sense and
as if it's exactly how the US is
supposed to function and by the way even
to say oh you have freedom to believe
Christianity no number one but number
two is an interpretation of what he's
saying is okay you could believe in any
of a different number of beliefs within
Christianity so there's all different
types of philosophies and branches of
Christianity but if you want to be as
literal as he's trying to be which is
saying hey at the time of the founding
it they were only referring to the
religion they had that's what they meant
when they said
freedom of religion well then you
wouldn't even allow in virtually every
denomination of Christianity because the
overwhelming majority of the
denominations were not in the u.s. at
the time like were there any Catholics
in the u.s. at the time of the founding
I don't think so
so anybody who's a Catholic even though
they're Christian they don't have the
freedom to worship as they want because
Brian Fisher only wants people to
believe his CS a thing you can reduce
this into absurdity so you have to have
the exact belief in the exact strain of
fundamentalist Christianity that the
founders believed in and by the way many
of them were deists and they didn't even
believe in Christianity they just
believed in God in a vague sense but he
wants only people who believe in his
particular strain of fundamentalist
Christianity to have rights and freedoms
well then that's not freedom and call it
what it is I don't know how anybody
takes these guys seriously but then
again I don't think anybody really does
I think Brian Fisher gets more exposure
through this show with me on
him then he gets on his own
