if there is one thing that Donald Trump
does better than any other president
that came before him
it's lying to the American public just
466 days into his presidency the
Washington Post released a report
showing that Donald Trump had lied more
than three thousand times in those first
four hundred and sixty six days of his
presidency in fact it was three thousand
and one lies that he had told to the
public in those four hundred sixty six
days more lies than any other president
in recorded history for the United
States of America
so another milestone for Trump he is
officially the most lying dishonest
president that this country has ever had
those three thousand and one lies which
at this point it's actually more than
three thousand and one amount to 6.5
lies per day now if you think back you
remember at the beginning of the year we
talked about the fact that Donald Trump
had just surpassed two thousand lies per
day at that particular point in his
presidency which averaged I think about
five point four lies per day so in the
last four and a half five months Donald
Trump has gone from lying five and a
half times per day to six and a half
times per day the lying is actually
getting worse at this point and it makes
things so much worse here that's not
even the bad part of the story the bad
part of the story is the fact that you
have so many and I'm gonna call them
this and I'm not going to regret it
disgusting
Donald Trump supporters out there in
this country who don't believe it they
think that this the fact checkers the
people that go through listen to what
the president says write it down
transcribe it and then try to verify it
they think that those people are the
liars not Donald Trump not this man who
gets up and lies to us six and a half
times every single day no matter what he
says or what he does their support for
him is not wavering that is a very
dangerous cult mentality that these
Trump supporters have for the President
of the United States and this goes far
beyond just supporting the US and being
a patriot none enough this is falling in
line with a cult and that is exactly
what these people have done there's a
phenomenal book I had to read in college
for one of my foreign policy classes
it's called the true believer thoughts
on the nature of mass movements I
encourage everybody to go if you can get
your hands on a copy of it read that
book and tell me that everything you
find in there doesn't apply to Donald
Trump supporters because you're gonna
find that it does because that's what's
happening the president lying to us
every day multiple times a day is a big
problem
the fact that we have millions of people
in this country who refuse to accept the
reality that their president is a
constant liar that is a bigger problem
