we're gonna talk about Mayday right now
here's a great article from TruthDig and
the headline is Mayday militancy is
needed to create the economy we need I'm
all for Mayday militancy so let's just
give you a little background on Mayday
that's really the what this article does
the best it did you know that in most of
the world Mayday is a day for workers to
unite but Mayday is not recognized in
the United States even though originated
here is that's what stuff was just
talking about during the break on May
1st in 1886 more than 300,000 workers in
13,000 businesses across the United
States walked off their jobs for the
first Mayday in history can you imagine
that happening today great wouldn't it
be awesome Wow Mayday began in 1884 when
federation of organized trades and labor
unions proclaimed that their convention
that workers themselves would institute
an eight-hour day on May 1st 1886
wow that's pretty pets hmm that's Union
power that's the power of collective
bargaining in 1885 they called for
protests and strikes to create the
eight-hour work day May Day was part of
a revolt against abusive working
conditions that caused deaths of workers
poverty wages poor working conditions
and long hours made a gain permanence
because of the Haymarket rally which
followed on May 3rd Chicago police and
workers clashed at the McCormick Reaper
works during a strike we're locked out
steel workers were beaten as they
picketed and two unarmed workers were
killed so that's not that's how they
usually treat people who are protesting
they big beat them and they'll kill a
few of them just so you get the message
and that's what they did at the
Haymarket and it's something from
Chicago and it's amazing how little they
talk about this in Chicago the next day
a rally was held at Haymarket Square to
protest the killing and wounding of
workers by the police the rally was
peaceful intended by families with
children and the mayor himself as the
crowd dispersed police attacked cops
gonna be cops baby cops gonna be cops
they've an 86 1886 1986 2018 does
matter cops gonna be cops cops cops like
cracking people's heads that's why
they're cops they didn't randomly pluck
cops out of society
cops join on purpose because they have a
certain mentality that's the part people
don't realize so police attacked the
crowd as they dispersed a bomb was
thrown no one in the state knows who
threw it and police fired
indiscriminately killing several
civilians and wounding 40 one officer
was killed by the bomb and several more
died from their own gunfire thanks and
by the way cops still have guns today
you think it then they were going babies
take guns away from the cops maybe we
should just do that maybe we should have
the guns be kept back at the station and
if you need a SWAT we caught know every
cop gets a gun and that's something a
corrupt trial followed in August
concluding with a biased jury convicting
eight men though only three of them were
present at the Haymarket and those three
were in full view of all when the
bombing occurred so it was a complete
sham trial just like they did with the
killer of Michael Brown and the killer
although you know the DA goes oh well
we're gonna have us so seven received a
death sentence the eighth was sentenced
to 15 years and in the end four were
hanged one committed suicide and the
remaining three were pardoned six years
later the trials shocked workers of the
world and led to the annual protest on
May Day the unity of workers on Mayday
was feared by big business and
government of course it was that unity
is shown by one of the founders of
Mayday Lucy Parsons who was a Mexican
American and African American and Native
American descent well she could get a
college scholarship Parsons who was born
into slavery never ceased her work for
racial gender or labor justice and let
me ask you did you ever study her no no
never heard of Lucy Parsons or Albert
Parsons I'm from Chicago
I took a history of Chicago classes they
might have taught me about it and I
forgot
well there was Alan Parsons Project yes
well that's a totally different day so
Parsons was born in the slave
never seized her work for racial gender
and labor justice her partner was Albert
Parsons one of those convicted for the
Haymarket and hanged solidarity across
race and issues frightens the power
structure in 1894 President Grover
Cleveland severed May Day from its roots
by establishing Labor Day on the first
Monday in September after pressure to
create a holiday for workers following
the Pullman Strike Labor Day was
recognized by unions before May Day the
u.s. tried to further white May Day from
the public's memory by President Dwight
Eisenhower reclaiming proclaiming
law-and-order Day on May 1st 1988 yeah
that's the history of May Day so the
powerful fear when the workers unite
they found your solidarity 70 years
later when Eisenhower did that that yeah
that's how powerful May Day was yes and
now 70 years later since Eisenhower did
it we've forgotten all about we've
forgotten all about May Day yeah it's
not law and order to forget that too
hello and order day
okay so now now we get back to what
happens when unions are decimated in the
United States which has been happening
since I don't know 1976 1980 you know
people say Jimi was Ronald Reagan who
ushered in neoliberalism but Jimmy
Carter was no friend either to the
working man he deregulated the trucking
industry which was stupid so now the
result is this the u.s. is ranked 35th
out of 37 developed nations in poverty
and inequality you imagine that we're
making thirty fifth out of thirty
seventh in poverty and inequality
according to a UN report 19 million
people live in deep poverty including
one-quarter of all youth actually that's
I said one fit yeah it's actually higher
ones one out of four well one of the one
of the five in regular poverty one out
of four in deep poverty yeah Wow
the US has returned to pre-twentieth
century non-union working conditions yes
it has Chris Hedges writes that workers
now must regain the militancy and
rebuild the popular organizations that
cease
power from the capitalists yes so I
think that workers have to unite Walmart
workers Amazon workers fast-food workers
and the service industry they unite they
can have a general strike and stop this
country they and or maybe they unite
with transportation workers who knows
maybe they unite with uber and lyft
workers who knows maybe they all get
together and they stop the country for a
day because what's happening right now
is our government is completely captured
by corporations and it's now legislating
against its own people in favor of
oligarchs the Princeton study revealed
we live in an oligarchy that our views
and wishes are never reflected in
legislation only the top 10% earners in
the countries views and wishes and wants
are ever reflected in legislation we
don't live in a democracy it's already
been stolen from you we live in an
oligarchy
and some people say we need unions we
need more than unions we need a party
that actually represents workers instead
of trying to screw them over hey I hope
you enjoyed this clip there's a whole
hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
