so Cambridge analytic the marketing
research firm embroiled in the Facebook
election scandal is shutting down
it has ceased all of its operations and
is expected to file for bankruptcy now
the company has not admitted any
wrongdoing but in a statement released
they said the following the siege of
media coverage has driven away virtually
all of the company's customers and
suppliers as a result it has been
determined that it is no longer viable
to continue operating the business now
if you're not too familiar with
Cambridge analytical and their marketing
research methods an employee actually
give us a little bit of insight about
how the company worked and some of their
tactics take a look this app then crawls
through your social network and captures
all of that data also so by you filling
out my survey I capture three hundred
records on average right and so that
means the oldest sudden I only need to
engage fifty thousand seventy thousand a
hundred thousand people to get a really
big dataset really quickly so while only
about 300,000 people filled out the
company's survey and accepted that
there's data be shared with a company
because these three hundred thousand or
so people shared their data they also
inadvertently shared their friends data
and their friends on Facebook we're
completely unaware of this this is what
people are very upset about that their
data may have been used in political ads
and campaigns that they did not consent
to yeah this is like the old at the in
the early days of HIV they talked about
the fact that you know everyone you have
sex with you're having sex with everyone
that they had sex with and you know
that's how the virus spread in this case
this is yes well I believe if this would
get a lot worse than that the it's it's
how this entire data mining has spread
and and so and by the way I like that
we've reached a point in the culture I
really mean it I mean I literally like
it that the authority in this story who
we got a little information in detail
from has that why
do with the pink and it doesn't actually
undercut his credibility actually
reinforces his credibility meaning you
know in the in the new world of
technology there's no dress code there's
nothing like this is a more credible
source so I just that it's an aside but
I kind of like that moment let's make no
mistake though Cambridge analytic is it
may be shutting down or it may but I
think what's what's happening here is a
little what happened with black water
literally the private military service
Blackwater Bay closed down and they
reconstitute themselves there's a lot of
different things different companies
that continue to do the same
paramilitary operations that are both
domestic and foreign so I think that's
what's gonna happen here with Cambridge
analytically they're closing down but
they've already reopened it in another
form under another name so I don't I'm
not particularly encouraged by this at
all right right a public condemnation
doesn't equal demise or ultimate demise
as well and you know for for folks that
don't know
Eric prints behind Blackwater moves to
Abu Dhabi forms this company called e X
something and I probably song its third
or fourth iteration at this point to
evade any sort of public scrutiny
linking him to a private mercenary
company so yes I completely agree with
that
and the issue is that folks are probably
gonna get away with what they have done
and they're not going to be held
culpable I mean there's this aggregate
IQ as well other sort of companies and I
will say that I do feel really really
shame shameful that I took that
personality test of which city that I
thought that I belong to because this
that's me that's what this was mining
but the last thing I will also say is
that for as much as this is getting is
being stigmatized Cambridge analytic a
because it intervenes with our liberal
democratic narrative
we've also evaded in drawing attention
to another company that was also accused
of data mining geofeedia it was in the
news a couple years ago and I wish it
got as much attention that Cambridge
analytic I did and I'll tell you why it
didn't geofeedia
mines people's profiles from facebook
who had priors
priors in a legal law enforcement sense
and sent it to law enforcement so that
law enforcement would be able to pool
people's identities when they were at
protests to see if they could go after
them based on whether or not they had
priors so clearly that's affecting a
certain kind of population instead of a
certain kind of narrative we have our
about ourselves as an America that has
free and fair elections so while you all
are yeah while you all are holding
chamber down a little cut to the fire
and watching worse Morse as well please
do look up what happened with geofeedia
and also color of changes campaign
trying to highlight the horrendous
things that this company has done as
well wow that's that's it's shorter I
didn't know that I think it's
interesting as you're speaking I'm
thinking well and it's worth reminding
us all that when you take that
personality test on Facebook and it's
free or when you sign up for Facebook
and it's free
nothing's free when you go on Google and
it's a free search it's not free it's
keeping track of your search your data
who you are on Facebook how you make
contributions to Facebook all of your
posts even you taking that personality
test which is sort of the the you know
bald-faced example of it that we've
heard from Cambridge analytical all
those things are being monetized if
you're not paying for it then you're
paying for it in another way and it's
just again it's something to keep in
mind moving forward nothing is free if
you're not paying for it you're paying
for it with data when it comes to
technology right now and we all need to
be wary of companies like this that like
you say offer us a free product
generally because really what they're
because the cost is unknown now in this
particular case with Cambridge
analytical I guess the silver lining
might be that their ads likely did not
work very well so there isn't any
research available currently that says
that people are good at taking this data
and turning it into compelling ads that
will sway your political preferences
there is some evidence that they can
sway your purchasing actions as well as
your beliefs that when they're
associated with your personality so if
ads are targeted towards your
personality they may influence your
purchase of a beauty product but there's
very little evidence that they can
influence who you vote for not for
decisions that
so that maybe the silver lining here
right well I mean I would say to that
unfortunately we sometimes don't take an
interdisciplinary approach around this
so it might be a little bit of influence
from that and influence from possible
like Russian collusion and influence
from all these other different vectors
and that's what I'm interested in seeing
is some sort of study that combines all
those variables to see what produces
certain outcome butter also notes
because we love to see ourselves as a
again a free liberal democracy that but
we feel especially hurt when we've done
this for decades in other countries so
I'd love to see us exposing and being
transparent of that fact if we really
want to solve the intervention in our
own elections well the election
intervention there's no question you're
right I mean my god the United States
says we do it the old-fashioned way or
we just replace leaders around the world
or we do it the new fashioned way with
our own sort of technologies but this is
a this is a situation in which if you're
served advertisements as you're saying
which is interesting that bothers me
less than being served information or
disinformation and that's really what's
happening now there carpet-bombing
facebook and other social media sites
with with news that is not accurate and
it's being churned out like sausage
links around the world and then
distributed across the social network
platform and and and was also marketing
themselves as being able to sway
elections based on the content that they
were producing in terms of online
advertising and they were saying there
were you know a a forerunner in their in
their field so I think that that should
be up for public debate right whether or
not it influenced elections or even the
brexit vote I mean that there's talk
about it in that context jury might
still be out on that although as you say
we don't really know so let's just put
it aside but certainly that again that
that news or information that serve to
you because they know certain things
about you from an analytic standpoint
that could be very dangerous and I just
sorry just last thing because as
journalists we know that Facebook is not
a publisher won't own the fact that
they're a publisher so they won't go to
due diligence to mine the the
information that it's on its site or
being paid for to be on its site so I
think that's what I mean by it needs to
be up for public debate is whether or
not if Facebook is a publisher then it
needs to go through all this sort of
content if it's not then there needs to
be a different sort of conversation to
have in terms of what information is
available and what information can be
bought two easy ways for Lyon Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
