Iowa has passed a bill that would
severely restrict abortion rights so the
so-called heartbeat bill would not allow
a woman to have an abortion if there is
a heartbeat detected thing is heartbeats
can be detected as early as six weeks
into pregnancy this is actually quite
typical so effectively it would mean
that women would not be able to get
abortions especially in cases where they
don't find out that they're pregnant
until week eight nine or later so now
the bill would actually require women
seeking an abortion to first provide an
ultrasound that shows there is no
heartbeat now the bill has been passed
in the House and the Senate but it has
not yet been signed by the governor
however the governor is very pro-life
and is expected to sign the bill I think
I finally figured out what the red line
for Trump supporters could be which is
imagine if there was some revelation
that he paid for an abortion for any of
his mistresses that would be amazing
rights okay there's no red line right
there is no red line so this is actually
beside the point but it is what is
consistent is the fact that he has
created a Supreme Court that had should
this go up to a federal level before it
was struck down in terms of like
Arkansas and Mississippi we don't know
if Roe vs. Wade could be turned over
because of Iowa's potential decision to
approve this abortion ban and you know
what's really not is the strategy here
but I know it's right it's totally the
strategy and that's why I'm saying it
would be really interesting and ironic
because the Supreme Court has been stuck
to this conservative favor and women now
are wearing these 1973 jewelry pieces to
remind us how important it is to still
continue to work and and and organized
around protecting this right that we
have and you know we could we could talk
about the fact that the
the government has no right in
controlling a woman's body it's
misogynistic blah blah blah what I find
really interesting though is that these
same conservatives have such a hard time
with quote-unquote creeping Sharia with
Sharia law being passed they've passed
bills that are anti Sharia actually
Sharia is a lot more lacks than these
conservatives on the issue of abortion
for women and for the time period when
you can have an abortion so it's
fascinating yeah it's a lot of things
that people don't know when they're
scared they just react and they don't
even try to find out about the thing
that they're afraid of they just react
to it so I just I mean you know what I
think what the Middle East really is
afraid of is is having American
conservatism I mean like yes economic
pillaging and extraction and massive
Wars death bombardments and drones but
like we don't live like this really what
that speaks to how I'm serious
non-restrictive it is if this culture
that we associate the general culture
that Middle East which we associated is
so restrictive you'd say would what is
actually less than any single time that
it's adopted anything that's really
conservative it's either come from
European colonizers or the West so I'll
give you an example
all the homosexuality anti-homosexuality
laws on the books are from the European
colonizers laws all over across the
Middle East how about the women this is
kind of a deal just because your honor
and you mentioned it how about the women
at the women's rights and and this would
fall under it seem women's rights right
so this is what's fascinating is in
reaction to the Europeanisation of their
countries and the secularization when
put on head scarves to reclaim their
rights in the early yeah in the early
20th century so there's there's a very
dynamic relationship with what is
considered women's rights issue
and for some folks it is the right to
have their own relationship with their
faith and the way that they narrated so
places like Turkey and Syria outlawed
the headscarf in public and state and
state institutions so it they would be
arrested if they showed up as a teacher
with a headscarf on and
that's for them that was a huge movement
was to rile up against that so things
shift around a little bit but we're
definitely definitely a lot more open
around things like that in divorce but
this restriction that we're talking
about this abortion bill then it's
interesting to know that in the Middle
East it would likely well at a certain
time period you know there's different
strands of political thought but
definitely for people who follow cuz and
there's also different religious
traditions right sure people who follow
Islam and the different kinds of rulings
have a much more expansive understanding
of a the window for a woman's right to
abortion and for contraception which of
course like the Catholic Church is
revisiting and be that as it may when it
comes back to this country and this Iowa
bill which will be signed as you sailors
that it's it's really a play for a
policy of federal policy and a Supreme
Court case and roe v wade it just didn't
feel as though realistically that would
ever be overturned or even get close to
being overturned I think now it's not
only close it with a stack Court it
could go away all it takes is a shift in
the Supreme Court so I don't you know we
like to think of it as sort of a staple
of democracy and of our beliefs here in
the US but the truth of the matter is
and relies heavily on who is sitting as
a judge in the Supreme Court that can
change and it breaks my heart that we
didn't fight hard enough to fill a
Scalia seat and have what was the
disappointing thing about the Obama era
I think there were many key moments when
we realized we could have fought for
things that would have had some
resistance but clearly you know Trump's
administration's coming out with all
guns out right and in ways that the
Obama administration could have been
more risky could have been more
aggressive and you know maybe that
wasn't the tactic or the method that the
administration wanted to choose because
they wanted to constantly work on United
the country but it's it's a shame that
see it was was open for longer than I
guess any other time in history
absolutely right the only path to here
though to take us to move forward and to
continue being politically active and
engaged so that the worst does not
happen to easy ways following Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
