so step and Clark as you may remember
was fatally shot and killed by
Sacramento police officers and even
though he was not armed
there are some conflicting videos and
evidence that suggests that this may
have been unnecessary for other reasons
as well now there are contradicting
reports on how many shots Stefan Clark
was hit with as well as where those shot
entered his body now the Sacramento
coroner's report states that Clark was
hit three times in the back and seven
times total
but the Clark family actually hired an
independent investigator who state that
the total number of shots was actually
eight and six of those shots were fired
on his back um now this is important
because the difference in opinion here
has a lot to bear on any future case and
the Clark family is expected to file a
civil suit now I want you to take a look
at some of the graphics here to
illustrate where the shots may have been
no it's hard to tell from this but one
of the things that has happened more
recently is that the private
investigator released a photograph we
won't release the photographic due to
its graphic nature but he stated this of
the photo experts may have different
opinions but a picture is a picture a
picture does not have an opinion yeah
they're saying essentially look I don't
care what these bought and paid for
coroner's are saying we're trying to
support a certain narrative in this case
the argument goes right that it's
supporting a law enforcement narrative
so that would mean that most of the
shots are in the front right the more
shots are in the back the more law
enforcement is on thin ice is like why
did you shoot a guy who's running away
from you in other words there's no
threat to you if he's running away from
you is the thinking so in essence that's
why that the the private investigator
released those those photos that they're
damning the cops keep the narrative
going of about how there's a threat to
their lives and that's
really and and really that's what's
underpinning the whole law enforcement
story well it's what should tell you a
lot is the way that the police story
continues to change consistently so
that's always the question which is
whose story is remaining consistent and
whose story changes and we've already
seen this multiple times that the fact
that the police have in in different
cities like most recently in Brooklyn
has but have been charged with lying
about finding a gun in an apartment and
then last year there's a whole series of
investigations around cops planting fake
evidence in traffic stops that were
caught on tape so this is not to
inconsistent with how law enforcement
has treated mostly black folks and it
should be said that dr. Bennet Omalu and
we've talked about this before
concerning this different Stephon Clarke
case comes from very reputable
background a very reputable background
he was the pathologist who was able to
identify the brain injuries that led to
the brain injuries in NFL players that
led to a huge investigation and even a
big Hollywood film around this topic so
his story has stayed the same and I hope
that the press isn't won over with the
consistently morphing story of the
police department and you know the
moldos had some really interesting
things which was that the coroner's did
not take the spinal cord out which would
have been necessary we would have been
tricky but it would have been necessary
to really assess the damages to the body
and the fact that when he flipped over
the body he also saw the shots to the
back which again they could have missed
in their first account as well so you
know I kind of trust the guy who has a
long background in history in this work
and also who I mean yes he was hired as
a private investigator I mean as a
private autopsy the pathologist but you
know he really has a lot more
credibility than the police to plan I
think in this particular case too and in
many cases what is unfortunate is that
the coroner's office will typically
perform an autopsy
and performing that autopsy and
gathering evidence body parts are
removed on things or change holes are
poked into the body like it it is it
becomes something that it wasn't in a
traditional form after the incident and
when we have private investigators and
pathologist scientists taking a look at
bodies that during the second round it
can lead to a lot of discrepancies and
perhaps errors so that makes it a bit
complicated I think that that's
something that will definitely be
discussed more but I think you're right
that the narrative here is what's
important and regardless of whether it
was three shots or six shots in the back
I think when we look at the footage it's
clear that some of this violence may
have been completely unnecessary and the
the DA there has a lot of questions
about her reluctance to bring forth
across acute has a lot of law
enforcement money flowing into her
campaign and so that is something that
Ann Marie Schubert's her name's she's a
friend of law enforcement and so
reluctant to bring any charges is the
argument against these law enforcement
officers and that arguments backed up
with a lot of evidence of law
enforcement flowing money's flowing into
her her campaign so there is more than
just some confusion about this it would
appear that there is money affecting
this entire narrative as well two easy
ways for Young Turks one is hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you are
notified of our videos
you
