Donald Trump who is apparently very
happy with Rudy Giuliani abruptly
revealing what they had all been denying
for months at this point then tweeted
this and let's see how how likely it is
that Trump himself was actually the
person tweeting this mr. Cohen an
attorney received a monthly retainer not
from the campaign and having nothing to
do with the campaign from which he
entered into through reimbursement a
private contract between two parties
known as a non-disclosure agreement or
NDA somebody pointed out he apparently
has a like a term of the day calendar
these agreements are very common among
celebrities and people of wealth also
Donald Trump in this case that is in
full force and effect and will be used
arbitration for damages against miss
Clifford's the agreement was used to
stop the false and extortionist
accusations made by her about an affair
despite already having excited to eat a
letter admitting that there was no
affair prior to its violation by mrs.
Clifford in our attorney this was a
private agreement money from the
campaign or campaign contributions
played no role in this transaction now
they're focusing a lot on this NDA this
NDA that Donald Trump has until recently
know nothing about if you believe what
he said so somehow this entire thing was
crafted and paid for without any of his
knowledge whatsoever and that's
incredibly important because all of this
was going on in the immediate run-up to
the election where any sort of payment
like this would be an in-kind
contribution to his campaign and would
be a violation of campaign finance laws
the few laws we actually have in this
country that mandate how much you can
actually spend also by the way and
there's just sort of a tangential thing
he's being sued by stormy Daniels and
her lawyer for for defamation and
apparently I haven't been following that
case very closely but apparently up
until now it's been sort of like hasn't
really talked about her too much so the
idea that if a mare was a little bit
hard to prove but right there he attacks
her multiple times in a very clear way
so while he's trying to defend himself
from the Michael Cohen thing he might
have been making this part worse for
himself as well legally yeah I mean this
guy they're just it is lies lies lies
and as you say for a guy who knows
nothing as he was confronted by the
press on the on the plane about the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars you
said I don't know anything and then you
saw in those tweets that John just read
he knows everything down to sort of
granny
of our specifics and then as John says
he mentions her by name so there could
be a defamatory aspect to this there are
all sorts of issues here and I'm so glad
that jr. mentioned the dustiness
and just kicking up dust to make this
investigation so cloudy that one begins
to lose track of fact that's deliberate
and the idea here in Giuliani was part
of it even though he did it clumsily the
idea was to go on a media jihad for
Trump to begin to dirty up this
investigation and try to clear the name
of Trump in any way possible and that's
what Rudy is out there doing and that's
what they're all doing in fact this new
defense team for Trump is going to do
that more they're gonna fight the
political fight even as they fight the
legal fight on the side that way they
don't have to deal with as many facts
also for one of the reasons I find this
to be interesting is Rudy Giuliani and
others are saying that Cohen didn't do
anything Trump didn't do anything but in
fact the person who should be
investigated are all of the
investigators in this matter because
what they're doing in relation to
Michael Cohen is illegal and immoral and
all of that they keep attacking that and
all of that but here's the thing they're
investing in Michael Cohen for good
reason and the reasons keep getting
better every day if he is saying that he
wasn't repaid and he said that multiple
times although we now find out that he
has been being repaid month after month
until eventually it was all repaid why
is he lying about that what possible
explanation could there be for that and
Rudy Giuliani actually doesn't have a
good response to that if we could go to
video 7 actually you're gonna see
Giuliani attempting to cover for that
obvious follow-up to what he had
revealed on Andy's show something that
did stand out to me I remember when
Michael Cohen was interviewed about it
and he it seemed like he was saying that
he was never reimbursed that 130
thousand dollars and now it sounds like
the story's changing well I mean he's he
was definitely reimbursed there's no
doubt about it why did he say he wasn't
maybe maybe Frizzle this if we had a
defend this as not being a campaign
contribution I think we could do that
this was for personal reasons
this was the president had been
or personally not politically personally
so much and and and the first lady by
some of the false allegations that one
more false allegation six years old I
think he was trying to help the family
and for that the man is being treated
like some kind of villain and I think he
was just being a good lawyer sir a good
man there's no explanation there as to
why he would have lied about that and
also if he was just helping him out of
the goodness of his heart has nothing to
with the campaign why was he paid back
at all if he was just helping him out
that seems a little bit odd or was he
paid back or was he paid back and who
knows and here's the thing that is
important because as you alluded to
there are a potential that could have
been illegal as well former President
Obama Ethics chief norm Eisen is and by
the way he's just one of many saying
this the revelation that the president
repaid Michael Cohen may prove that
Trump broke the law by failing to
disclose the loan from Cohen on his
federal presidential financial
disclosures so look if it was about the
campaign or if he didn't pay him back
then Michael Cohen likely broke campaign
finance laws if it wasn't about the
campaign and Trump did pay him back then
it looks like Trump violated laws having
to do with financial disclosures and
that I really have to choose their
poison here yeah and and but you saw
Giuliani default to that there was no
problem with campaign contributions
being used to pay Michael Cohen you see
you see him to fall to that position
they they want to claim that high legal
ground but as you said John there are
other areas of the law that are clearly
they're clearly running afoul of and so
they're I don't know how they put out
all these fires so that's why I say
they're just really waging a public
media campaign now they're really just
trying to win the the sentiments of the
public and such that the drumbeat of end
this investigation gets so loud that
something has to be done or you undercut
the results of the investigation one of
the things he's attacking is the
legitimacy of the entire investigation
he said this the basis of the case is
dead sessions should step in and close
it there's been too much government
misconduct the crimes now have all been
committed by the government and their
agents not by any of the almost two
dozen people that have been indicted or
several that have already pled guilty to
charge
is coming out of the investigation not
them just the government agents but this
is we're hearing this more and more
every day
exactly but and there it is government
misconduct I said government overreach
before but but he's suggesting
specifically those investigators have
their own political agenda which is
bizarre also since their GOP appointed
it is Hill none of the stuff passes the
the smell test but it is it is part as
you say of a media blitz and it is going
to continue to easy ways folio interests
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
