a lot happened in the wake of the
release of his interview with
Charlamagne tha God has a lot of his
tweets a lot what's happening there's
more things that we we did talk about it
yesterday on the show but there are more
developments today that we want to focus
on he went on TMZ so Kanye West goes on
TMZ to talk about opioids and how they
affected him one of the things he did
was kind of stand up and address the
audience he kind of broke away from the
main show let's take a look at the video
of him explaining why he did all these
tweets after being in the hospital two
days that got off for opioids um I'm in
the hospital right
I'm taking two hey everyone listen to
this please two days before I was in the
hospital I was on opioids I was addicted
to opioids I had plastic surgery because
I was trying to look good for y'all I
got liposuction because I didn't want
charter called me fat like y'all call
Rob at the wedding so that was his first
aid later on in the outbreak after kind
of elaborating on those same ideas he
continues here's more from the TMZ
appearance y'all had me scared of myself
of my vision so I took some pills so I
wouldn't go to hospital and prove
everyone right
we are drugged out we are following
other people's opinions we are
controlled by the media and today it all
changes what the hell that whole video
bear reminds me of that one customer
that goes the losses are mine in the
India the cellphone store because their
bills too high I'm like everyone this is
the worst service ever don't ya
but taking yeah Alex III see like like I
don't know internet provider but you
know the thing about Kanye West and I
think we're talking about this a lot
Brett is that he's so frustratingly
brilliant and he has zero accountability
Kanye if you listen to anything that
Kanye has been saying in like the last
week it's always been what we've done to
Kanye Kanye is the victor huh yeah him
okay so the whole liposuction thing it's
lost on me because he is married to a
woman who has made a career putting out
her body image as the
body image and and trying to and making
us feel that we need to look a certain
way so the hypocrisy about Kanye West
and the whole life building was just was
just so I don't even know what the word
and we're beyond weird is weird to the
nice way of putting it like Mark
Thompson what is he doing
well his looks this is a guy drunk on
his own BS obviously he is drunk first
on his own celebrity and then as your
every utterance is picked up and
splashed all over every bit of media you
then get drunk on your own every
utterance and so that's what this is
it's he's blurting stuff out not really
sure trying to walk things back with the
opioid thing he doesn't really know
anything about anything I guess with the
exception of music don't get me wrong
and also marketing he's really very good
with that and and Kanye fans pleased you
know I'm sorry but he should just state
of those things he knows and that's not
a lot of stuff just stay with that but
to get into these other areas when you
start talking about race relations I
mean it's too bad because he potentially
could be a great leader and spokesman
for race relations or absolutely
breakthrough ideas but he doesn't have
any he is drunk on Kanye and I think
he's gonna stay that way
yeah it's the narcissist amid the nurses
the narcissism story is is paramount
here and I think about Kanye West that's
also a little bit of hypocritical as
that his first three albums the college
dropout graduation late registration
Kanye was was against all the things
that he's now supporting about standing
behind Trump and and and and being
aligning himself with the people that
he's aligning himself with where are the
complete antithesis of what he was
talking about earlier in his career so
why is he aligning with them I saw some
of his tweets were kind of pointing at
like you know I want to align with Trump
not because I agree with everything that
he's saying out there but because he's
my brother we should all love each other
it should be the symbol of Union and I
think that's exactly what's going on
here
is he shows up after people have had
this very thoughtful conversation
Connie's been away for a year not really
talking through Twitter and everything
he shows back up and is like can't we
all just get along but he says it in a
way where he just has no respect for the
shewill thoughtful discourse that's been
going on the group and and he he's an
artist and he fancies himself this
artist and in that you everyone should I
watched it fast
I watched the Charlemagne interview that
Kanye did it's two hours long
I haven't finished I'm about halfway
through full disclosure he ends up
getting to some really thoughtful
amazing points yeah but to get there
hits all this like you know I'm just
being human when and he's a writer he
can craft all his songs and get them to
where he wants them when he puts them
out there right but he thinks he has no
responsibility in what he's tweeting
because people are yes people expect
Kanye to be this great visionary and
they expect him to give like his final
answer every time that's no excuse not
to be thoughtful in the stuff that
you're putting out agree it makes it
right and it goes back to my point about
accountability like him saying that his
st. Pablo album flopped or that radio
hasn't embraced him since the Taylor
Swift
yeah but Kanye you did that you you took
it you are a grown grown man you made
the choice to make those choices that
have been detrimental to your career
there was a very thoughtful he said the
whole thing about like you know four
hundred years is a long time it's you
know and kind of saying essentially that
slavery is a choice there have been some
amazing memes fighting back against that
that you should go check out but there
was a statement from our van Lathan kind
of shot back who's an employee at TMZ he
said there is fact and real-world
real-life consequences behind everything
that you just said and while you were
making music and being an artist and
living the life that you've earned by
being a genius the rest of us in society
have to deal with these threats to our
lives we have to deal with the
marginalization that has come from the
400 years of slavery that you said for
our people was a choice you have morphed
into something that to me to me that is
not real it's not it's not and that's
and that's a very very real statement
that van Leeuw than me because Kanye
lives its life of affluence he's this
celebrity he has olive oil apparently he
doesn't have a lot of money I'm not
buying that he probably has but loads of
money but for him to make those
statements also he alignment we talked
about alignment he is sending a message
to white nationalists to all right all
those people that that
and support they're saying yet we got
another we got another black man good
for we got another Uncle Tom in our in
our in our stable and that only just
roads from the conversation that we're
trying to push forward only huge Carney
fans I'm so conflicted you guys like you
have no idea how I was listening to
touch the sky with Lupe Fiasco and
thinking man where is this Kanye where
it's like when Dave Chappelle
disappeared and came back Dave Chappelle
came back and said some stuff that was
on point but did it thoughtfully and
responsibly
Kanye should follow soon now I don't
know if I can go back to being a Kanye
fan and that's sad for my generation
well the 400 years of slavery it was
voluntary or is that what it was a
choice a choice a choice that is a deal
buster for me I mean that is so obscene
that denies all the specifics of the
history of slavery in this country
shameful awful despicable history and
that this guy this great artist who's
thoughtful and has all these messages in
his in his art doesn't know how
despicable that is that's a deal buster
for me I mean it so uh your conflict I'm
rooting for you to let go of him he says
all these things he's like he made a
statement during the interview with
Charlemagne and he goes I wrote that
down earlier in a doper way which I get
like that's that's what I'm talking
about like get it right and then share
it with us he wrote the slavery thing
down something else it was just
something else a passing thought he said
the what he also says though in the
interview says the wise man knows he
knows nothing I'm learning it's like
yeah but the wise man uses the fact that
he knows he knows nothing to go do
research right do the work ahead of time
don't just show up and be like slavery
is a choice you're absolutely right that
I'm sure there's a way cuz Kanye is a
thoughtful person most of the time
apparently to look at this concept that
slavery is a choice in some way that my
I can't wrap my mind around but Kanye
understands and is rhetorically sound
let's give him full credit they actually
meant something that wasn't completely
offensive you still are responsible for
houghton for the way you put stuff out
badly and we're right that there's all
these PC for those of him with like all
right pooper stars like at random music
festivals or wherever the hell he was
those folks are using
that is the choice you're making to be
there I don't want to say slave but to
be their puppet for sure and they're
using you to accomplish their hands it's
an orgy of Fame and celebrity breath
that's what's going on here and Konya is
at the head of that orgy and you know
you again you start to believe your own
crap and I think that's what's happening
here and you're so great to go through
and watch that two and a half hour
conversation and try to take with it
from I mean it thought you know our
Levine's Craig by the way like benefited
up better than that you know it's
benefited out before we come to break
Connie had a missed opportunity though
as well to talk about mental health
because he touched on that and I was I
that would have been the perfect
opportunity cuz what he said was
powerful that people have the stigma
about mental health and he is a perfect
or one of many people that has a
position in power to enact change when
it regards to that stigma right he's
like now I don't need a therapist I use
the word the world is my therapist
anyone I talk to is my therapist it's
like yeah but there's a reason for
therapists he says I want to change the
stigma of crazy and the stigma of mental
health period I haven't done no extra
study of it we're at the beginning of
the conversation but best believe I'm
gonna change the stigma people take
something and lightened put it in the
wrong context and call it crazy
all right that's that's obviously a
statement for himself
but yeah do the homework man do more
homework I watched your interview now go
research mental health two easy ways for
the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
