thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt there was a
giant clash between two titans of
industry first it was john mayer and
then tucker carlson they went at it over
toxic masculinity so we're gonna show
you a clip in this clip it's a little
bit from Tucker Carlson's show it starts
out with a clip from John Mayer's
concert where he essentially distances
himself from this toxic masculinity
thing and sets the record straight
in his opinion on how men should behave
regarding women and that is a clip from
Tucker's show that he then uses to
introduce his attack on the concept of
toxic masculinity with the guests and
brace yourself you are going to hear
Tucker Carlson recite some lyrics from
your body is a wonderland
and until we get rid of that
I'm going on record says John Mayer that
I'm against Men Behaving Badly John
Mayer has been accused of behaving badly
maybe this is a preemptive strike
against further accusations we don't
know initiators saying is a feminist and
a columnist and game enough to join us
tonight thanks all for coming on thanks
for her so look I don't I don't doubt
anyone's sincerity yours or John Mayer
so I just wanna and I just wanted
restate I think jumping there's a really
talented guy but I remember his song
your body is a wonderland and in it he's
got the sign one pair of candy lips in
your bubblegum tongue I can go on but
I'm just wondering is that an example of
toxic masculinity right there there's
there's a lot of amazing moment since
Tucker Carlson saying your bubblegum Tom
that's disgusting but Tucker believes
that he has got John Mayer hands down so
Margaret let me ask you is one pair of
candy lips and your bubblegum tongue and
deeply offensive and or is that simply a
description oh by the way this isn't it
this is true of his girlfriend he wrote
the song about his girl what's just a
song I mean it's and it's not something
that I think is can be quote toxic
masculinity is sexual assault toxic
masculinity is looking at women as
public space a toxic masculinity is
actually changing out of the bowtie
before we've had a chance to vote on it
you know I I actually miss Tucker
Carlson bowtie I was like what
who is that without the book I don't
know who is without this it's like what
what's he doing what's he going through
yes is camouflage yes still the same guy
like he's gonna be an adult now no
longer I feel like when he undoes his
tie and pulls it off there's a bow tie
then he needs to get like a what like
some sort of a tattoo like of the bowtie
there it's always there I don't think I
mean John Mayer is not it's not it's not
about toxic masculinity and you know
that it's just a song and the song is
actually really quite a beautiful
poem to his lady and I don't think that
that's toxic you know I agree
ya know it's it's funny how they
misdirect right
so he says accusation against John Mayer
there aren't any accusations he gave he
once gave a really weird interview I
remember doing the story on The Young
Turks where you definitely share too
much information about his self pleasure
habits right but I guess that would be
at worst toxic to himself but he seemed
like he was having fun with his own
Wonderland but like they really don't
get it or they're doing it on purpose
right so they're saying oh you know
somebody does attempted rape and that
guy wrote a nice song about his
girlfriend well I guess it's all the
same no no not remotely the same so I
wonder his Tucker not that bright or you
see purposely trying to deceive his
audience he's so lazy he knows like
there are stories about John Mayer and
how he's had a lot of girlfriends in
that video they of Tucker the rest of it
their b-roll that they select to shows
like the little images that scroll over
the side it's him with a bunch of
different women and it's like Jennifer
Aniston and like Katy Perry and all the
people he's dated trying to say that
this guy is a player and that's as far
as he thought into it and then he thinks
of imagery he further misunderstands the
concept of toxic masculinity there's
another video that I pulled from that we
pulled from the from the interview let's
take a look at that because this is him
kind of setting up his attack on it I
just know what the standard is is that
there's such a thing as toxic
masculinity which is men being male is
there something that is actually
completely wrong that's not definite
there's no made-up dumb feminist
actually old definition exactly study
was done on it it's an academic term and
it's about again are you further in this
credit
it this is this is the best that an
appearance on Tucker Carlson can go for
this reason Tucker Carlson's throws so
many different weird interpretations of
things that are wrong in a row so by the
time he finishes his point you're like
oh god where was the first time I
disagreed with him so the only way out
with him seems to be like as soon as he
says something wrong which the first
thing was toxic masculinity is just men
being met you have to stop him and
credit to aneasha Hussein who just said
I think that was her name just was like
no you're wrong here and then we said
something else wrong you're wrong here
too
yeah so couple things there you're right
you got to unpack every layer of
weirdness and and misdirection notice
that in the beginning of the interview
he said look I respect you and John
Mayer and then as soon as we got going
he's like that's a made-up dumb feminist
term I think that didn't last long that
was about 28 seconds in or so anyway and
then he brags saying this is a right
uniquely right-wing trade about being
unintelligent
and uneducated Oh a study further
discredited said somebody actually
bothered to study it it's sort of just a
made-up opinion uh Fox idiots professors
okay all right okay Matt we see where
you're going with it and and the term is
look I've said this before and you know
and people can take issue with my
opinion on it too i I don't think that
it's a particularly helpful term in
terms of politics because I think a lot
of people misunderstand it partly
because of the Fox News attacks and so
that doesn't mean you shouldn't use it
and that doesn't mean there isn't a
place for it I don't know that it's the
right thing for candidates to use it
because of the general reaction and
that's why Fox News keeps pressing on it
because they think that the right wing
and some independents can't stand that
word why because of exactly what Tucker
is doing it's toxic masculinity
if you just want to refer to masculinity
you just say masculinity right so he is
trying to get you to believe that a
reference to toxic masculinity which is
about assaults and a you know in in
sexual role
doing like attempted rape rape etc is
somehow about all masculinity and blames
all men let's just not remotely true
they want to portray it like the term
toxic waste so there is no waste that is
good they want you to think that when
you say toxic masculinity you're saying
it's toxic and masculinity the way there
is no good waste there is no good
masculine that's not it it's like when
you say toxic relationships like not all
relationships are toxic relationships
are good we love relationship
masculinity there's good things about
masculinity when it's the right kind of
masculinity but what they're talking
about is a version of masculinity that
is taught to people that people seem to
get when they when Tucker essentially
implies that like guys feel like they
have the right and and john mayer
refutes when guys feel like they have
the rights to have sex with any woman in
the world that is a toxic interpretation
of masculinity so think of it more like
toxic relationships than toxic waste I
think that's right I mean it's like if
the the like this this whole
justification that boys will be boys is
so it's it's taken out of context and
used like the way to justify somehow all
of that's all this is stuff that's toxic
so it's really it's crazy how they're
using it yeah they'd have no interest in
learning what the hell people are trying
to say and one more meta point about it
it it's furthers this whole theme of men
are under assault in this country when
literally the discussion that just
happened about Kavanagh was how he might
have sexually assaulted Christie and
Blasi Ford but somehow they flipped it
and he's the victim of the assault and
and and men are the victims so now do I
think that we should blame all men I Got
News for you if you can't tell I'm a guy
no I don't think we should blame all men
I don't think we should blame men for
wanting to have relationships or wanting
to have sex or being attracted to women
or any of those things okay but the
right wing seems to be missing a really
crucial element consent okay it's not
that complicated it's just not that
complicated and so but they the reason
they miss that on purpose is because
they want to frame it like poor men we
have no power left in this country
powers under attack so to be fair to
them though the Republicans on the
Judiciary Committee out of the 11 people
they have on the Judiciary Committee
that's why only 11 are men right and so
I mean if this keeps going it might be
down to ten and the president is a man
and has always been a man and six out of
the nine Supreme Court justices are men
and they say like hey you got three on
there ladies yeah no that's not the
percentage of the population that's not
a thing to brag about and so the idea
that men somehow all of a sudden have no
power in this country is factually not
only incorrect but preposterous but
that's exactly why it's on Fox News
every day on the go don't worry we got
you covered if you still listen to TYT
at our new podcast network find us on
Apple podcast at Google Play Store or at
TYT comm slash podcast
