so here's the latest on what's going on
with stormy Daniels stormy Daniels has
filed a lawsuit against President Trump
for defamation story damn Daniels filed
a complaint in federal court in New York
on Monday at issue is a tweet Trump made
in which he dismissed a composite sketch
that Daniels says depicted a man who
threatened her in 2011 to stay quiet
about her alleged sexual encounter with
Trump do we have that tweet so this is
the tweet in question it says a sketch
years later about a non-existent man a
total con job playing the fake news
media for fools Grantha C's but they
know it so here's a little bit more
about that filing the filing says the
tweet was false and defamatory arguing
that Trump was speaking about Daniels
and that he knew that his false
disparaging statement would be read by
people around the world as well as
widely reported it also says Daniels has
been exposed to death threats and other
threats of physical violence and just a
little bit of an update on where we are
with stormy Daniels and her lawsuits
against the president the lawsuit is the
latest legal move from Daniels who
already is suing to be released from a
non-disclosure deal she agreed two days
before the 2016 election in exchange for
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars
the payment was made by the president's
personal lawyer Michael Cohen basically
the the legal team Stephanie Clifford
has that as her legal name her attorney
said we intend on teaching mr. Trump
that he that you simply cannot make
things up about someone and disseminate
them without serious consequences so my
question for the panel is is this the
legal action that will set that
precedent is this gonna work effectively
I don't know but I hope that more sex
scandals means that Trump has less time
to govern in these sex scandals and he's
only tweeting about those things then we
hopefully he just turns his eye away
from governing um I also wonder if like
Kylie Jenner was a little prescient and
naming her daughter stormy could be the
one who brings down this administration
what does that be for site you know what
I I this stuff is so real to me we're
having a conversation about a porn star
and the president of the free world
having an affair this is a conversation
that we're having in the hypocrisy that
I have seen in America it's just so
disgusting to me because Bill Clinton
they drug drug drug drug drug him and
this every day gets a seer and saucier
like a soap opera and we still we're
still here I'm just waiting on the day
that America collectively wakes up and
makes a decision that this is just not
good enough for this country like that's
that's just where I am it's just
ridiculous also the guy in the picture
looks like Jax from Sons of Anarchy oh
yeah or Brad Pitt oh yeah but I just I'm
just like I can't believe we're even
having do you think his base cares about
this oh of course not they are like
obsessed with their confirmation bias
they're only looking for things that
support their worldview and so I don't
know what the last nail I'm sorry as I
said I'm really bad with the American
Pro verbs but what the last nail in the
coffin is right
for his supporters I know there were
some things especially for women that
inspired them to detract from the
movement but I'm also looking forward to
what that red line is for folks because
not only did they drag Bill Clinton
imagine if Obama did this it'd be his
mortal sin yeah that's that this is a
really interesting point just sort of
the what-ifs in this situation and how
we would have held Obama accountable and
how the media would have responded to
that because I kind of feel like this
story with stormy Daniels was a real hot
topic at first and now it's sort of lost
its legs it doesn't really seem like
people care and I think that's hard
because the the right doesn't really
want it to be a big issue and for and to
an extent a lot of people are like it's
his personal life you know it doesn't
really matter but this is we're talking
about defamation and that's that's
serious and I think that it is an
interesting move that her legal team is
trying to see if they can pull off and I
think that there is I think there's a
case there for sure and credibility like
even though we had this conversation the
last time and Hannah was like well I
think you should be able to do whatever
you want to do if you're an adult I
don't judge people in their morality or
whatever but this is an issue of
credibility with somebody who lies and
is and is dishonest in that's perjury
and it's legally heard
and then and and because they are always
preaching morality it's like it's the
same thing is this TT a conservative
Family Values
it is sort of this double standard two
easy ways for Lyon Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a t YT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
