there is a new study from the Women's
Media Center in partnership with the BBC
that says female superheroes can help
girls become more confident and see
themselves as leaders there is a
confidence gap here's a chart from this
study it says this is how teens 15 to 19
described themselves confident the
yellow is the girls it's a it's 11%
lower among girls and finding yourself
confident 13% gap in terms of finding
yourself brave but when it comes to not
being listened to feeling like you're
not being listened to the girls are
behind this is 15 to 19 they're they're
ahead they feel like they're in this
they have a higher score but that's a
bad thing they don't feel like they're
listened to by a gap of 19% but how do
they feel about you no role models that
are of the same gender as them here are
there enough here's one part of that
study that says there's not enough role
models of their gender the orange is the
boys they feel like only 35% of boys
don't feel like there's enough 63% of
girls don't feel like there's enough
when it comes to not enough relatable
characters of their gender boys only 40%
the the gap there is is 25% 65% of girls
feel like there are not enough relatable
characters 65% of girls also feel like
they're not enough strong characters of
their genders and this is girls 10 to 19
so yeah that that's that's the findings
of it just right there there is this gap
where there feels like there's not
enough and and they're feeling like
they're not being listened to
there's a confidence gap but when it
comes to how they feel when they see
their favorite female characters there
here are the stats they're 84 percent
say it makes them feel strong 81 percent
makes them feel brave 80 percent
confident 77 percent feel inspired all
these things they feel more positive
they feel more motivated when they see
sci-fi and superheroes that are their
genders that I mean they're they're the
findings so I had a I would argue a
great post game with Eric Beiler who
works on TYT investigates and rebel
headquarters for us and he also makes
movie
particularly about race and we talked
about how media is the culture and and
he grew up in Hawaii
he's mixed-race he's half white half
asian and and he went to college and a
professor asked do you are you more
concerned about your safety when you
something along these lines you watch so
if you're a member watch the postgame
please for yourself because I thought it
was really great one TYT comm slash join
to become a member to watch that anyway
to summarise he said he he said yeah he
he raised his hand honestly and said I
think I am more scared if I see a black
guy at night a large black guy at night
rather than a large white guy and he and
he's a perfectly liberal guy he's like
why he says how did that get into my
head and that's a great question how did
that get into my head because he's not a
bad guy he's not a right winger by any
stretch of the imagination this is our
back in college and their answer is the
media and so local news non stop
flashing minorities trouble trouble
everything and and that got bigger
ratings minorities in white
neighborhoods doing crime big ratings
because why fear works and fear of the
other and then there's movies and
there's TV etc and so that's why this
study is important because if you never
saw someone like you in in a powerful
role you might not know that that's a
normal thing that's the thing you can
strive for etc and I would argue that's
why it was so important Margaret that
you did what you did in in starring in
the first asian-american you know show
on television
and so what's your take on well I think
it's incredible I mean I think that
movies and television and media it's our
mythology and we need myths to survive
so we can figure out what to do and who
we are and how to act and how to be and
so when you see images of yourself out
there it's it's like this confirmation
that oh I'm not invisible and that's
such a powerful thing and I think you
know actually I started comedy really
young but my first desire was to be
Wonder Woman the Lynda Carter Wonder
Woman so I had started my training
program I was probably about eight or
nine and I was jumping off the stairs
like one I would increase every
few weeks one upstairs so I got into
like four stairs and they're jumping off
and then I thought I'm gonna do comedy
instead and so it was a but it was a
real choice to like oh I'm gonna do this
instead because I saw Joan Rivers doing
comedy and I thought well that seems
like it would be more fun than being
Wonder Woman okay I don't so I saw
Richard Bay being a talk show host and
found out later that he was Turkish dumb
like really yeah it turns out Richard
based Turkish dr. Oz's Turkish doctor is
a role models all of a sudden that's
right look I don't know that kid might I
think I started before dr. oz but still
a doctor but but in all seriousness guys
the media like I said is the culture and
the culture is what you in a sense what
you think of yourself how you form your
identity that is why it's important to
have movies that has celebrate women
people of color etc and by the way it
turns out Hollywood they do really well
Black Panther Wonder Woman etc crazy
rich Asians that amazing so I can it's
both funny and sad that it took them all
this time to realize oh right there's
other people in the world and oh my god
it turns out half of them are women
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT calm /join
