while delivering a campaign style or
rally speech president Trump decided to
survey the room and ask if any Hispanics
were present before talking about the
caravan that is approaching the US
border and of course talking about
building that wall let's take a look at
the video
Hispanic unemployment and Hispanics in
the road Spanish dad not someone else'
and by the way in all fairness Kanye
West gets it he got it
and he saw that when he sees that
african-american unemployment is the
lowest in history you know people are
watching that's a very important thing
he's done for his legacy it's a very
important thing but Hispanic
unemployment lowest level in history
women female unemployment lowest
all right so I want to break down a few
things within that speech before we move
on with the rest of his talking points
the funniest thing is that he first says
are there any Hispanics in the room and
you know if you get he gets a few Woo's
and a few boom right and so not so much
that's all right I don't care and then
on the same train of thought he just
decides to mention another person of
color because he puts them all in the
same category he's like Hispanics all
right also kanye west also let me think
of another marginalized group Oh women
too and then he talks about the fact
that it is that like the lowest you know
unemployment rate and I it is one of my
biggest pet peeves that he takes it like
takes credit for this because he doesn't
deserve credit for it right it's been on
a steady decline for years now and so
yes it's at the lowest and then next
month and the next month it might be at
the lowest depending on the rest of his
policies now let's go on to a lot of the
other things that he said he then went
on to obviously talk about the wall
because that's his routine and you got
to stick with what works and he said
that we should build it because all of
these people pouring across are gonna
vote Democrat and then he says well
which is first of all not true most
undocumented immigrants don't vote and
less in certain areas where they're
allowed to but nonetheless he says they
do it for a lot of reasons a lot of
times they don't even know what they're
doing or why they're doing it but we
have borders and we uh but we have to
have borders and we need it fast we do
have borders and he brought up the fact
of the caravan that is coming to our
border where our Border Patrol told them
that they did not have space for them
and that they could not apply for asylum
right now because they could not intake
them so we do have borders they're
working against these caravan
people who are you know fleeing
persecution so I wouldn't worry too much
about that okay make sure before you get
here if there's another country that you
get to from your country that's safest
can you stop there first yeah it's like
there's so much with him so I go ahead
no I just it's so corny every time just
like seeing that there may not be any
Hispanics in the room but there's a
member of the blacks in the room with
that white shirt every time I see this
guy it is so corny and it's just I wish
that somebody would be like you know
what stop take the shirt off maybe the
identity politics that he'd messages
constantly it's simple and as you say
it's a fraud this in terms of in this
case minorities and and and people of
color but you know what it works and it
works with his base and even throwing in
that Democrats thing as Hannah says it's
absurd so people come here illegally and
they're gonna be voting as Democrats I
mean that doesn't even pass the smell
test yes in the room it gets applause
because people are going yeah yeah
they're just looking for any reason to
go yeah yeah
so as one-dimensional and wrong as a lot
of these messages are they work with his
base and sufficiently enough that it
carried him to get to the Oval Office
you don't deserve to be in this country
from an unsafe country in if you're not
gonna vote for me yeah I think I mean I
think that's part of it but then you
look at I mean even last a month he was
at a South Florida rally and he did the
same sort of schtick where he goes
are there any Hispanics in the room and
before they responded he goes no I doubt
it so he already is starting very that
like anti person of color anti-hispanic
conversation and when he started going
after the members in the caravan who
were moving through Central America
that's when the rhetoric really started
to get worse right because these
caravans are pretty common like it's not
a novel concept that caravans of people
seeking asylum go through you know the
travel and the journey to get to the
United States because oftentimes to get
through the border and to go through
these harsh conditions that they are
fleeing they can be subject to extortion
they can be subject to rape they can be
subject to violence and
death so when they travel in groups it's
a lot more safe there's safety in
numbers
yea there's safety in numbers and they
were traveling I think it was like 1500
when he was making a big hullabaloo
about it but now I think there's only
about 50 people who try to seek asylum
today most of them are women and
children and members of the transgender
community who are seeking you know who
are facing violence in their own
countries and they deserve some and it's
illegal for the United States to not see
if they qualify for a sound so fYI maybe
do that I mean and and although that
process I suspect is now rigged such
that it's gonna be very hard for them to
get asylum but I'm so glad that you
summarized where they're coming from
which is an atmosphere of violence and
horror and then they're having to
traverse this huge area to get to the
United States and then endure more as
you say threats of violence rape and
other horror and then finally when they
get to the finish line now they're
dealing with it with the America that
isn't really open even to a conversation
I mean a serious conversation you're
right like they face violence along the
way I mean they're fleeing some of the
most violent countries in the world
Honduras El Salvador Guatemala and then
they get to the border and now they're
these mothers and their children are
camping out at the border where we know
it's not safe right where we know that
there's gonna be subjected to any sort
of threat and we're not bur being like
oh sorry we're at capacity I mean it's
it's absurd and it's it's illegal and
something that you pointed out it is
important to note that this is not this
is nothing new it's just new because
we're in this weird space where we have
this dog whistle that it's just largely
racist and sometimes and but this is
nothing new this is not by far the
largest group of people that have
traveled in a group together to seek
asylum but we know what he thinks about
them right no he thinks that they're
what a murderers rapists some of them
I'm sure if I'm people just like the
fine people who marched it shows how
does it happen this country though has
had a weird relationship with immigrants
even during Obama I mean as you know he
was they called him the DePorter in
chief you know he so it's not as though
this is purely a part
an issue but I think you make a great
point Brooklyn you talk about the fact
that it's being used as a rallying cry
now in a way that we hadn't seen it used
before so I think that's what you're
really seeing out of Trump it's a way to
energize his base to remind everyone
this country's for us not them to easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
