vice-president pence will be speaking at
the annual NRA meeting on Friday in
Dallas and to make sure that he's safe
they will be banning guns during his
speech yeah I wish that I was making
this up
I searched I looked over and over again
to make sure that this wasn't fake news
and this is a real story and the fact
that the NRA does not see the hypocrisy
in this is the best gift that we could
get here now Pence is scheduled to speak
at this meeting and it's gonna host many
attendees who will be packing guns
knives and other weapons for the event
which includes more than 20 acres of
firearms exhibit attendances and is
expected to draw 80,000 members now the
NRA said the US Secret Service will
coordinate security for the pence speech
and will not allow weapons in the arena
while he is present which is interesting
because I heard that if you're worried
about somebody's safety you need a good
guy with the gun to make sure that
they're safe that's what I heard I'm
think about all things good guy full of
like you know volunteer Secret Service
members yeah that's confusing continue
and read on as a result firearms and
firearm accessories knives or weapons of
any kind will be prohibited in the forum
prior to and during his attendance
there's also a detailed list of
prohibited items that include ammunition
drones gun parts firearm magazines as
well as signs and glass containers so
there's no no glass bottles no signs no
no guns but most people are really upset
about the whole gun thing and a lot of
people are calling out this hypocrisy
especially a lot of the parklands
students who are being told that their
teachers should have guns in their
schools but to protect the president
what we shouldn't have any Vice
President and we shouldn't have any guns
near them now Fred Guttenberg who's the
father of Jamie gun burger who was
actually killed in the parkland shooting
tweeted this out I think this really
sums it up he says on so many levels
this is enlightening according to the
NRA we should want everyone to have
weapons when we are in public
but when they put on a convention
weapons are a concern I thought giving
everyone a gun was to enhance safety am
I missing something and to be honest
there's a lot of NRA members who agree
with his standpoint here there was none
yeah well so there was a texas a CHL
forum right where a lot of these uh gun
owners comment and there was one in
particular who said obviously even
republicans and so-called leaders don't
trust the good guys I realize it's the
VP but still makes our whole argument
look foolish so there's a lot of NRA
members who are really upset about this
there's a lot of NRA members who are
attending this meeting who say I'm not
gonna you know I have a license I am NOT
gonna put my gun away I just won't go to
his speech because this is the entire
point of going to this meeting but I
don't even I don't know if the NRA C is
the irony in all of this it's this is
not the first time that a government
members policy that they want a
different policy than the rest of you
like unfortunately their hell has health
care is better than yours - yeah I mean
you know I mean yeah but it's better
than what he's fighting for for you
right and it would be as though he's
attending a conference on health care to
extend your parallel and but but no one
in the crowd can have the health care
that he is pontificating about this is
so excruciating ly bizarre but of course
the the whole situation the hypocrisy in
a way isn't lost on the NRA I mean
they're smart people they're super smart
clever in terms of finding ways to
constantly push the gun agenda but there
is no way around it right they know the
truth which is that that Hall isn't as
safe if there are a lot of people with
weapons there so they have the vice
president there that's precious cargo
and they can't have a dangerous
situation and they know is that if
everybody in that Hall has a gun it's a
dangerous situation they know that if
everybody in that school has guns it's a
more dangerous situation they know the
truth about these guns in these schools
and apparently though the message is
that the
vice-president is more precious cargo
than those elementary school kids at
Sandy Hook or the moviegoers who attend
a screening of Batman and then get wiped
out in a massacre by an assault weapon
it's they know the NRA knows the truth
they're saying the guns are the risk not
the people the gun the guns are a risk
and there's a Secret Service policy that
says hey the guns are a risk but when it
comes to school it's like you know sorry
about you but we'll protect you with
more guns maybe clearer backpacks I'm
not sure but for me the guns are a risk
yeah I mean the thing is is when we're
talking about this decision right
we know that it's it's not coming from
the NRA themselves it's coming from the
Secret Service and to have pens at this
event they need to follow the Secret
Service as guidelines right but if the
Secret Service the people who are
protecting the president the people who
are protecting you know the vice
president and their families if they
know it's not safe to have guns around
you would think that the president that
the vice president would be privy to
this information would be sensible to
this information to then say oh maybe
it's not a good idea to have guns around
our children maybe it's not a good idea
to have every you know American toting a
gun and every public space because if
it's not safe enough for us to be around
every single human in our country to be
around they know that but they're bought
and paid for by the NRA the course they
know that and and look the NRA could
have pushed back on this I understand it
comes to the Secret Service
the NRA could you'll be like having a
free speech convention hiring a an
artist or a hip-hop artist or or
rock-and-roller or whatever and then
some of the lyrics are obscenities and
going in and out but they're no
obscenities it's a free speech rally and
you're gonna say that there are no
obscenities I mean truly you can't have
the vice president there at a convention
to celebrate gun owners rights and then
say we can't have any government that's
the thing that the politicians who make
moves and who you know perpetuate this
nonsense when it comes to lack of gun
control when it comes to the Second
Amendment
they are definitely bought by the NRA
100% right but in this case they NRA is
trying
to appeal to pets right because if they
are buddy-buddy with pens and he can
keep up the rhetoric about the Second
Amendment and he can keep up the
rhetoric about having guns in schools
and things like that that bodes really
well for that
right now it's kind of a flip of the
switch and he's saying oh no no I don't
want guns around me I mean kids that's
fine but not me right
calling me smother me
duration is that you the idea is if they
don't like your policies then you don't
get invited and not everybody gets
invited we know to these conventions and
so this is a major policy that
unfortunately the vice president has to
abide by but it seems like it's
absolutely the opposite of one of the
main things that the NRA promotes and so
you think it would be like you know we
just can't have you here because this
this doesn't fit with what's most
important to us that's exactly right I
mean look but clearly it doesn't matter
maybe maybe they figured hey it just
doesn't matter the our our group the NRA
is made up of essentially true believers
and as Hannah said I mean you did say
look there are people who are pushing
back on this and saying that they just
can't stand how can you argue one thing
and then have this other policy but for
the most part the NRA falls in line and
everybody there they're true believers
to the point that they just this won't
matter yeah that's that's the saddest
thing about this is they are so powerful
and so fervent in their belief of a
Second Amendment and their belief of
being able to carry you know whatever
sort of fire on they desire that this
sort of hiccup in their logic one is
probably you know not super well talked
about within their own circles and too
is just not really going to make a huge
difference in in their membership or
their power two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
