kim jeong-hoon the leader of North Korea
is in South Korea right now that is if
you weren't aware US historic that has
not happened before and because of that
is giving people hope of that finally
there can be a cessation of the state of
war between North and South Korea which
has continued for well over half a
century past the actual end of
hostilities during the Korean War and it
is a cause of a huge amount of both
tension between North and South and the
economic strain and obviously if you
know anything about North Korean you
know that the situation there is about
as dreadful as anywhere on the planet or
in most sci-fi movies and so now he's
there and they're meeting and they're
talking and hugging as well which is
exciting and we want to give you just a
little bit of what they said they each
delivered speeches about this event here
first is South Korean president moon
jaein who said comrade Kim for the first
time in our history you crossed the
military demarcation line it is no
longer a symbol of division but a symbol
of peace it's also still the DMZ though
right but ice I like what he's saying in
there you're gonna see it amazing timing
from a Suzuka toy there thank you and he
steps across it there was some question
about whether to be able to but he did
he made it across and there they go it's
like The Odd Couple it's like just put a
line down the middle of the room yeah if
one was right it's actually pretty late
I'm eeen them shaking hands like like if
you've been following not just under
Trump if you've been following a
situation in North Korea you know that
there have been there's not just the
constant threat of violence obviously
that more artillery is trained on South
Korea from North Korea than anywhere
else in the world it's the most
militarized portion of the world but
threats constantly like if you if you
live in South Korea you have known or at
the very least we talked about how the
younger generation is little bit more
used to it but you're fit your parents
grew up under the threat that at any
second violence could start and it would
kill hundreds of thousands a people they
did this poll that's like how afraid of
North Korea argue and the younger
generation strangely was like I'm not
that I'm not
as worried as they happen but it's not
because relations had been any better it
was just because you were so used to
this weird situation and you couldn't do
anything but kind of in a very strange
resigned way just kind of deal with it
yeah that's everywhere it's like a lack
of education which is why unfortunately
Americans are going on tourist trips
over there trying to steal posters oh
god yeah but beer is not I think it's a
lack of education thing yeah
and it's a super secretive regime that's
the thing is you don't know exactly
what's happening and they have sent
people front there had been delegations
has gone in North Korea before and they
happen all the time whether it's an
official delegation from our government
or if it's just like people who have
been selected and allowed to go do some
reporting on North Korea but it's always
been such a well curated experience they
only let people out to do demonstrations
of how happy they are they go to one
specific hotel which is the nice one
kind of but not the one they're allowed
to go to yes totally and I like as you
said we know very little I've been lucky
enough that in the past I've been able
to interview people who've escaped from
North Korea and grew up there live there
it lost most of their family the rest
for all they know might well be dead too
because there's no communication but
even they don't know much about what
happens in other parts of North Korea
there's so little both access to
information and willingness to spread it
because of the concern that whoever you
talk to could possibly turn you in
report you things like that is a
totalitarian society of course isn't it
weird like those images it looks like a
weird first date like what do we what
you do today we took a walk
we planted a tree and it's strange
because it ends like maybe my parents
it's like The Parent Trap it's all
something super smiley and happy and I
don't know if I'm asking for an
alternative to that like just be mad
forever but if you didn't know what we
do now
it's just you think oh it's too happy
awesome people who really take care of
their people but you have them in but
yeah you would know smiley and the
question is like is this is this real
well hold on one second for return
desirey so I think everybody wants this
to be a good thing and so that's the way
most of their presenting it will turn to
the cynicism in just a second but first
the reason that we have
such hope I suppose is they signed the
penguin John declaration for peace
prosperity and unification on the Korean
Peninsula during this trip which commits
the two countries to denuclearization
and talks to bring a formal end to the
conflict which you should know they
can't do themselves both the US and
China also have to be included because
they both the US and China were involved
in the Korean War so it's gonna take all
four parties but very notably it is
starting off without Chinese
representation and without
representation from the United States
although that doesn't mean that the US
leadership wasn't chiming in in that
most diplomatic of forums Twitter Donald
Trump tweeted Korean War and the United
States and all of its great people
should be very proud of what is now
taking place in Korea the way Korean War
to end seems to me it should have been
on an old timey newspaper that like
spins into screen and maybe like like
like some way Frunze up to you with a
copy and you buy it for a nickel yeah
extra X yeah extra yes so uh that's
that's the good stuff that's the good
news that's why we're excited are there
any reasons not to be excited perhaps I
mean it we're talking about like is this
a good thing is it's a bad thing and
what about the people who are not going
but is this even a thing it's heavily
symbolic at this point yeah like so in
the past there hasn't been this dynamic
of North Korea having been levied had
had many you know intense sanctions
levied against them and they alright
that's enough it actually really is
affecting us now and so they do things
to raise their profile kind of say I'm
sorry and then get those sanctions eased
this fits into that dynamic that one
difference is for years and years since
the end of the Korean War no American
president has been like yeah me with
that person right really you know one
but but yeah but this end ex-presidents
of God Jimmy Carter went against I think
it was against Clinton's wishes so
during the Clinton era Jimmy Carter was
like I gotta go do it met with Kim Jong
Un's grandfather who ended up just like
dying later and like a few weeks later
but this is the first time and and it's
strange that at the same time Kim
jong-un might
just to be the kind of person who wants
this clout you just know so little about
it yeah he could well I mean what we
hope is that he he wants recognition and
access so much that he'll actually do
the right thing to get it that's
possible it's also possible they'll just
show up for a meeting be legitimized in
front of the world and all that I mean
two things
recognition and access just in itself
yeah this the upcoming meeting in May or
June and wherever it's gonna be in well
and we do if their knowledge that while
he hasn't gone to South Korea South
Korean leaders have gone to meet with
him previously and I saw in Business
Insider they had a great mashup of
photos of the of today's meeting and how
similar the exact same photos were with
a couple of the previous cell leaders of
South Korea who had attempted to smooth
things over obviously unsuccessfully now
as you pointed out one of the electoral
strategies of the current leadership was
we are going to facilitate moving
towards peace and it looks like they are
doing that it is possible that Donald
Trump also deserves some credit I think
that if you don't if you don't care at
all about South Korean politics that's
all you care about then but as you
pointed out earlier this morning this is
a strategy that they have been pursuing
for some time who's been pursuing South
Korea South Korea the party that's
impact this is this is something that
they ran on the previous president was
kind of embroiled in certain scandals
and this presidential candidate was like
we need to mend fences with North Korea
I don't I don't know what's gonna come
of this it's it is so unpredictable
it does it just seemed like good news in
the meantime I can't really talk too
much trash about it and and it's it's
interesting that still there might come
a time when President Trump is like no
I'm not gonna meet with him
and and there's a long road to go down
there's still you at the US and China
have not come to the table and in the
Korean War it was like North Korea
invading South Korea the u.s. being like
not on my watch and then invades back up
to the northern and we got all the way
to the northern border of North Korea
and the Chinese were like not on my
watch and then they pushed it back to
the previous line anyway
like you say you know I don't know we
players what's gonna come of this and am
I crazy for thinking history shows us
absolutely nothing it's going to come up
this but surprise me I'm open right here
I would show us that we there would be
after this we find out that after easing
sanctions on North Korea they start a
new nuclear program one that they had
hidden and that's it's like there will
be a meeting between the South Koreans
and the North Koreans in North Korea
after that is that gonna be after the
North Korean said listen we proved we
can launch a missile to the US we are
going to disarm the Korean Peninsula but
that just means we're confident we've
hidden our stuff no it's possible look I
my overarching goal is peace obviously
both because I don't want us to be
involved there but about a hundred times
more important as I want the people of
North Korea's no longer live in a
literal hell on earth
hey exactly I agree and and that's what
makes me question a little bit it's very
easy to go to South Korea obviously it's
not the easiest thing in the world
because it took this long but it's easy
to go it's easy to say you're not gonna
do any more tests when experts believe
that you've gotten all of the
information you need out of nuclear
tests for now at least so those things
are a good sign and they can give us
some hope but they're not everything the
way that they're being pitched by the US
leadership and I think a lot of people
in the media who have been desperate to
say something nice about Trump or to
present some good news because things
have been going so badly for him are
going to use this in a particularly
naive and a historical fashion to say he
has already won he's locked this thing
up and I hope that that's true but
there's a lot of reasons not to believe
there's a lot of hypocrisy like in that
because any oprius attempt by a non
Republican presidency to try to start
some kind of back-and-forth in you know
to finish some kind of conflict has been
looked at as full appeasement and an
apology should be touched right handed
right right and that is the montages of
Fox News talking about Brock Obama
obviously that's true anyway fingers
crossed for the North Korean people I
hope this works out it would be nice to
not have to have to have 20,000 plus US
soldiers there for the next thousand
years that would be kind of Awesome as
well if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network
calm /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm / joy
