Sean Hannity's recently uncovered
real-estate Empire just keeps looking
worse as the days go by first we found
out that he'd receives millions of
dollars in Department of housing urban
development funding while failing to
disclose that while interviewing ben
Carson he was making literally millions
of additional dollars from Ben Carson
while interviewing him in a fawning
fashion without actually disclosing it
money by the way that is supposed to go
towards helping out lower-income
Americans to be able to live and yes
some of that will go to the people who
buy the buildings and maintain them but
they're supposed to be doing in a way
that helps out people so bear that in
mind we'll return to it just a second
then we found out that a number of his
properties have been acquired from a guy
who actually was taken down for rigging
foreclosure auctions so that's awesome
foreclosure a particularly horrendous
thing that we have going on in America
many Americans obviously in their stuff
a torn away from them some of it as the
result of rigging of this sort and
people have gone to jail some of them
also happened to work with Sean Hannity
and since then we've also found out a
little bit about how he managed his
properties that's one of the things here
at TYT we've been wandering about and
now we're finding out the Guardian
reports that eviction notices at one
property that has been looked into
ballooned by 400% in the past four years
after he took it over resulting in the
removal of 61 different residents from
that one building Kennedy's attorney
tells The Guardian that his client is
not involved in the management of these
properties and he also claims that
evictions only occur after material
breach of the lease terms and look I'll
grant him I think that he's probably not
day-to-day involved with the management
of all 890 of his properties but you can
put sort of an overriding like
philosophy for it how we should run
these things that's entirely possible
this is so unbranded Singh and it's like
the I don't want to say the best there's
nothing good about this but um it's just
so on branded to people who and it's
just gonna be so unbranded it's like
listen I'm not managing this I'm not
following the day-to-day but I am
putting my money and investing in these
communities that need it and actually
kicking everybody out who can't afford
it this isn't your 401 K so this isn't
like I don't know it's in a fund that
has
a billion different companies in the
portfolio no this is a hole is this
places that you bought that are being
managed and I'm sure you bought them
with the intention of gentrifying
whatever location it is in so that it
can turn into this you know Trump style
since he's your role boy Trump style
Trump Towers of hannity Towers what but
I do say that like HUD that money is
intended to help people out and it
really is doing that because Hannity is
helping them out of the building onto
the street oh do you know what I mean by
that yeah I got it it's like I have to
explain sometimes works
yeah with that let's let's turn back so
not all of the tenants who received
eviction orders actually were removed
from the property sometimes they're able
to squeeze them for a little bit more
money one who asked not to be identified
said he was given a reprieve last year
after agreeing to pay about $300 in
extra fees in addition to a late seven
hundred and twenty five dollar monthly
rent payment for his two-bedroom
apartment it seemed kind of harsh she
said yeah I would say a fifty roughly
fifty percent fine for late payment of
rent seems a little bit severe and again
these are properties that money is being
given from the government to help to
provide housing for low-income Americans
I would guess a large percentage of
low-income Americans don't have $300 to
be thrown around for every whim Sean
Hannity has do you remember the massive
Kushner articles about the buildings and
everything going why does this feel so
similar that's how they form and allow a
brain-controlled apartments yeah it does
because it's the plan and it is
executing the same plan and so when you
say when Donald Trump says when his
message is I'm here for the little guy
I'm here for you the worker he's not
it's for the foothold in government
policy so that you can make it so it
benefits your pals
yeah and that has played out time and
time again which is why it seems so
familiar because it happens so damn much
yeah yeah and look I I think that there
is at least some small chance that a
person is watching this was a
fan of Sean Hannity maybe that's why
they're watching it a fan it is that
what the vanity I guess and I know they
probably think like Sean Hannity is in
it for me you know he like many other
people have these cults of personality
but but think about this story in the
various aspects of it
he took government but this is a guy who
hates Elysee okay he hates the coastal
elites this is a guy who takes
government money millions of dollars of
government money buys 890 properties
more than any Emperor the ancient time
probably had who then buys out these
areas these people who are just trying
to get ahead in life they're trying to
make ends meet so that they can
hopefully eventually be better off and
you know American Dream blah blah blah
and then he tries to force out as many
as possible in nickels and dimes him for
every late thing and all of that kicks
out as many as he can and then comes
back and talks about how people are lazy
and you know that's why they can't get
ahead moral fiber you've heard it before
that's who Sean Hannity is okay and it's
no coincidence that he has this close
working relationship with the president
we used to be involved in real estate
and treated his tenants exactly the same
way okay he is a part of that same thing
you like to think that it's the swamp or
the deep space state on the other side
no it's the people who actually have
power but they're not hiding the shadows
they're right in the light you just
refuse to actually see them with their
special door in his building - I don't
know about that that's a good point
hates if you are one is anything
apparently you can you can certainly
pretend not to be one we hate not but
ourselves it is also the projection the
projection of Sean Hannity saying listen
everyone takes advantage of and leeches
off these government handouts but yes
yes that's true in this case of you yes
you are the one who is leeching off the
government handout you're taking
advantage of this program in a way that
benefits you and it's weird it's the
same thing that Trump has which is
probably I mean it depends if he has the
gonads to do it or whatever you want to
say just to look at him be like yeah I'm
taking advantage of the system because
it's broken that's that's been the
response it's worked for Trump I don't
know if Hannity will take it or if
we'll continue to deny and play play
stupid again history shows that yeah I
know some people probably aren't super
interested in the story I think that
it's it's a great case study on the
relationship between wealthy elites and
the media and those in power and how
they abuse the system to get ahead while
screwing us over with that said it also
is getting every couple of days we find
out a little bit more and you think that
in those 890 properties he's not hiding
some more illegal stuff this is gonna be
a huge problem for him he won't go down
at Fox they're not gonna actually fire
him for it but this is gonna continue to
be a problem for and we're only gonna
find out more you just watch the video
by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
