we're here at the Cuomo walk the talk
protests in Albany they're around I
would estimate a thousand people here
they were busted from over 19 locations
19 buses came in to Albany to say Cuomo
no more with the talking on the two
sides of your mouth when it comes to
fracking he has technically banned
fracking in the state but fracking
facilities processing facilities dump
sites are still being erected in the
States so it's a bit of double-talk and
he has ambitions to run for president in
2020 but Cynthia Nixon his primary
challenger is really giving a run for
him a run for his money she is here
today talking to constituents talking to
people who are angry that Governor Cuomo
is not leading the way on climate change
New York is that one of the most
progressive states in the country and
yet has not caught up where it needs to
be in terms of banning fracking and
other processes that hurt the
environment one of those things that
they're protesting is a site that is
going to be built or set to be built
right here in Albany it's a minority
community largely very very impoverished
and Cuomo has greenlit a basically 16
megawatt power plant to be built here
and everyone who's been bused in here
everyone who came in here to protests
basically said no no longer we're not
going to do these environmentally racist
policies and Cuomo we're not going to
stand for you saying one thing but
actually behind the scenes acting
another way why do you think that he's
talking out of both sides of his mouth
well now he has to prove himself it's an
election year
he has competition and you know the
competition is definitely pointing out
the things that he says but he's not
doing so he needs to either to step up
to the plate or let somebody else take
over you came all the way from
Washington DC why is it so important for
you to come to New York where you know
we're theoretically a blue state here
but we have all of these issues where
Cuomo says that he's banning fracking
but pipelines are going through fracking
dump sites are in the area and they're
in predominantly more minority in poorer
areas well we definitely want to hold
government Governor Cuomo accountable
I'm with the policy director for green
for also this is very important to us
though New York is conceived as a
very progressive state if we aren't
making sure that our state
representatives and our governor's are
actually doing the work that needs to be
done we want to say no to fracking we
want to make sure that polluters pay and
we want to see New York and brakes 100%
renewables and so we just want it to be
a part of this March we thought it was
really important to join our partners
like at New York where news and we act
etc but we wanted to make it known that
we want to hold Governor Cuomo
accountable make sure that he walks the
talk so you have three demands where the
protesters here have three demands stop
fracking infrastructure which Cuomo
hasn't done despite banning fracking
theoretically to basically have the
polluters pay for the damage that
they're doing and three what is the
third one you gotta fill me in here to
ask Cuomo to switch to 100% renewable
fuels there we go he's promised 50
percent by 2030 but you're saying that's
not good enough
well for starters that's not good enough
and secondly we're not we're not gonna
get there with the with building new
fossil fuel infrastructure so we should
be stopping the construction of any new
fossil fuel infrastructure in the state
and particularly we should be stopping
the production of any fossil fuel
infrastructure that's being used to
transport fracked fuels from
Pennsylvania where it's polluting the
land and wreaking havoc on people and
bringing it across our state when we
don't need the new these new
constructions including pipelines and
power plants that are destroying our
land in our environment and and making
things tougher for Pennsylvania as well
so it seems like he's kind of pushing
through his agenda with the powerless
absolutely absolutely and and catering
to companies corporate polluters trying
to corrupt actually as well labor to
come over at his side with promises of
jobs the usual process where the
government people essentially try to
divide and conquer or try to sell a
little something to everybody and in
this case absolutely nobody is going to
benefit from this except corporate
polluters can you talk about the
potential environmentally racist
ramifications of putting a power plant
in this area specifically
yes I mean I think that this this
neighborhood this Sheridan Hollow in
this station has a really terrible
racist history of environmental
pollution that I think would not have
happened in an in a white community
basically from 81 to 94 they were
burning garbage here it was shut down
finally because Mario Cuomo shut it down
because he he couldn't escape the fact
of what was happening anymore and now
what's happening is they want to they
want to make this a micro grid and they
want to power it with fracked gas the
community says we even endured too much
environmental racism already this is not
the site to do it no site is the site to
do it but particularly this this
community has has seen firsthand the the
cancer and the explosion of health
issues that have been caused by this
kind of pollution and this this
community is demanding a hundred percent
renewable solution they want to do
thermal and and so they're the they're
there they're asking for that they're
demanding that and our governor and our
government should should give them that
option should should should run those
run those options by them not just not
just lock them into fossil fuels and
frac gas because that's that's the
industry that funds the governor's
campaign Cynthia Nixon seems to be
pushing back as his primary challenger
from the left she is here today can you
talk about what it means to have for him
to have an actual primary challenger
will this push him to the left and does
she have a shot absolutely so I'm with a
group called sunrise we're building an
army of young people to stop climate
change and create millions of good jobs
in the process and last October we went
to Governor Cuomo's office and asked him
to pledge to refuse donations from oil
coal and gas CEOs and their lobbyists he
got back to us no commitment but said
you know looking forward to working
together in the future we asked him
again in January and then last week we
asked Cynthia within a week she
back to us and pledge and she won our
endorsement on Friday and we will likely
be campaigning to support her to win
because if it takes months and months
for somebody who's painting themselves
as a climate leader to decide whether or
not they're gonna take money from the
industry that is destroying people's
lives destroying our futures displacing
millions of Americans like right here
today already then he's not somebody we
can trust and we can't just say you know
a Democrat is a Democrat and they're
good enough that way when they're
Democrat in name only and when they're
not actually willing to stand up to to
the status quo or in a challenge like
the violent impacts of these
corporations on our communities you
don't think that Cynthia Nixon could
beat him in the primary and then maybe
move us all to move the whole state to
the left I guess I don't know what her
chances are beating him in the in the
primary but from what I've heard I think
she would be amazing and so I really
hope that she I mean she's right now I
think claiming environmental kind of
consciousness as a centerpiece of her
platform and I think that if she were to
actually win and then do that that would
be amazing in case you had any doubts
about the cynthia nixon progressive
credentials she's leading this march
right now we called for a ban on
fracking
we got the ban on wells we didn't get
the ban on pipelines and power plants
like this one which is poisonous
community for over 30 years as a trash
incinerator now Governor Cuomo wants to
bring in Frank gas continue the
pollution here when we could do this
with renewables so that's why we got a
thousand people here to say no and ask
Andrew Cuomo what will be your legacy
Governor Cuomo wants to be President CPV
is his fifth largest donor so he wants
the role and gas entities support him so
he made a deal if if if they would allow
CPP to be built he would give them a
moratorium they could call it a ban and
confuse the the people of New York it's
not a band it's a moratorium it can be
stopped at any time
what it allows you see there's no money
to be made right now in the gas industry
with these power plants they want to get
this this gas so that they can ship it
abroad and get six times as much for it
and that's why they're doing it's the
build-out of hydrofracking
infrastructure and the CPP powerplant is
the resin d'etre for that build-out
that's why we have to stop
you
