after Donald Trump's attorney Michael
Cohen had both his home and his hotel
raided by authorities there was this
whole issue involving Donald Trump and
attorney-client privilege is Donald
Trump and Michael Cohen protected by the
notion of attorney-client privilege
considering what the authorities had
maintained or what the authorities had
managed to take during this raid with
the evidence that they were able to
compile well that question is now even
more up in the air when you consider the
fact that during Donald Trump's
interview with Fox and Friends he said
over and over and over again that
Michael Cohen isn't really his attorney
okay let's take a look at the first clip
let's talk about Michael Cohen yesterday
through his attorney he's going to be
taking the fifth what what's your
reaction to that being that you work
with him for a couple of decades let me
just tell you that Michael is in
business he's really a businessman a
fairly big business as I understand it I
don't know his business but this doesn't
have to do with me Michael is a
businessman he's got a business he also
practices law I would say probably the
big thing is his business and then
looking at something having to do with
this business I have nothing to do with
this business I can tell you why is he
pleading with a problem because he's got
other things he's got businesses and
from what I understand they're looking
at his businesses and I hope he's in
great shape but he's got businesses and
his lawyers probably told him to do this
but I'm not involved and I'm not
involved and I've been told I'm not
involved I'm not involved yep he's got
businesses that's what I got from that
he's a he's a big business man he's a
big beautiful business man he's got
businesses there's businesses there this
leases a little office businesses
businesses businesses what are you doing
what are you doing look I'm not on your
side but still I feel a little bad for
you
attorney-client privilege has the word
attorney in it so if you're arguing that
you're
affected by attorney-client privilege
you shouldn't go on national television
and talk about how he's not really your
attorney he's a businessman business
business business this is going to come
back and haunt you and in fact it has
and I'll tell you how in just a minute
but one more clip take a look but isn't
your business business your attorney mr.
president many many just say yes I have
many attorneys I have attorneys you
sadly I have so many attorneys you
wouldn't even believe mr. president how
much of your legal work was handled by
Michael Cohen well as a percentage of my
overall legal work a tiny tiny little
fraction but why what are you doing
okay so this has already had some
ramifications let me tell you how
lawyers for the US Attorney's Office for
the Southern District of New York on
Thursday used president Donald Trump's
early morning rant on Fox & Friends to
undercut claims being made by attorneys
representing his longtime attorney
Michael Cohen so SD NY lawyer
specifically cited Trump's Fox and
Friends interview in a new filing to
argue that most of the records seized in
the FBI rate of Cohen's office are not
subject to attorney-client privilege in
fact they say that Trump's comments
about Cohen being mostly a businessman
who only performed a tiny fraction of
the total legal work done on his behalf
suggested quote that the seized
materials are unlikely to contain
voluminous privileged documents that's
the key there because you could say
alright well but Trump's high ground
here is yeah but he still does legal
work for me even though he's mostly a
businessman so that legal work is still
covered by attorney-client privilege
it's a privileged interaction but the
minute you say it's a small small
percentage then that last little memo is
key which means that then only a small
small percentage of what was seized is
likely covered by attorney-client
which means that the vast volume of
stuff taken from the office is not
covered and so the problem it I what are
you doing what are you doing and more
importantly aren't there people there
has to still be someone around him who's
advising him to not do this oh no this
is a classic example of him wanting to
avoid those people who would say don't
do it he picked up the phone in the
morning he calls the Fox and Friends
hotline you know they've got a special
Trump line there and he just gets
through he doesn't talk to any of his
advisers hey guys just so you know I'm
gonna be doing this no no no mr.
Presiden whatever you do don't mention
this don't mention that he wants to
completely circumvent them so he picks
up that hotline he talked to Fox and
Friends I think Anna he's looking for a
way to kind of blow off steam and that's
what he did that's what was going like
what issue to the deck so let me tell
you another thing about Comey let me
tell you another thing he was just he
was just going and that makes him feel
better but if he talk to an adviser of
course an adviser would have said no no
no no no no no we're not calling any
morning show so the one thing that I
will say is well it was it was live so
no I can't give them credit I was gonna
say you know at least they aired that
segment but it's not like it was pre
taped that was a live interview they
wrapped him up and they yeah and in fact
I feel like they kept asking him
questions in order for him to redeem
himself like like but but mr. Trump or
mr. president whatever they call him you
know but how much of the legal work was
done by you know trying to get him to
say oh actually he's but he didn't
realize that he was really hurting
himself by by minimizing the role that
Michael Cohen played as his attorney in
a way they do him no favors by sneering
at the rest of the media if you watch
the interview or caught even just two
highlights you can see how they're in a
way they're egging him on unwittingly
they're not doing it to live they're
saying what do you present what do you
think of this James call me book tour
and they say it just like that they say
what's like this sneer and this put-down
and so that's like red meat to Trump he
goes yeah let me tell you something
about call me he's a liar he's a
then he goes off and then once she gets
in that fever he just goes yes he does I
don't think they in a way they do have
many favors this one definitely did not
do him any favors no favors if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
