dr. Ronnie Jackson was Donald Trump's
nominee to lead the Department of
Veteran Affairs now of course this
happened after the Trump administration
fired David Shulkin who was holdover
from the Obama administration and
Shulkin was an individual who fought
against the idea of privatizing the VA
Trump didn't like that got rid of him
and suggested that maybe Ronnie Jackson
is a better fit well he should have done
a little more vetting of Ronnie Jackson
because there were some reports
indicating that his behavior was
incredibly unprofessional now Ronnie
Jackson has decided to withdraw his
nomination and this is why he says the
allegations against me are completely
false and fabricated if they had any
merit I would not have been selected
promoted and entrusted to serve in such
a sensitive and important role as
physician to three presidents over the
past 12 years so what were those
allegations Jake did talk about them a
little bit yesterday but for those of
you who might have missed the story
allegations were contained in a two-page
document described by the Democratic
staff of the Senate Veterans Affairs
Committee as a summary of interviews
with 23 of Jackson's current and former
colleagues claims include that he had
wrecked a government vehicle after
getting drunk at a Secret Service
going-away party I just thought there
for a second can you imagine if you're
with colleagues and there's a company
vehicle that you crash after getting
drunk at a party I mean most people
would get fired right away he didn't but
it is a pretty serious allegation which
by the way I think would be pretty easy
to prove right right there's a lot of
damage to the vehicle and there and no
one wants to lie but you are close to
the president and you may be able to
communicate mr. president
I'm embarrassed but if we could I
promise I'll clean of things got away
from me at the party that night and you
kind of try to treat it as a one-off you
know yeah so I'm just saying maybe
you're right maybe you'd be dismissed
but also maybe if you have that
relationship though okay look clean up
your act man you shouldn't be driving
anyway when your income etc so also to
former White House officials to
told The Washington Post so there's the
there's the report that came out from
his foreign current and former
colleagues and then there were sources
that spoke specifically to the
Washington Post and what we know through
those conversations was that there were
instances where Jackson drank while
traveling with the president which is a
violation of the White House medical
units policy now he served as the White
House doctor for three administrations
so you know he that's a lot of cocktails
yeah
just an it is definitely yes but the
reason why I bring that up is because I
mean I don't want I don't want anyone to
think that he's all bad you know
obviously there was some unprofessional
behavior here but I also don't like the
idea of completely destroying someone's
reputation there had to have been you
know some good that he did while serving
three different presidents I mean he
said a lot of complimentary things about
Trump which i think is the easiest way
to manipulate Trump that's the reason
why he got that nomination I mean it's
so easy to manipulate him if I were
around him and I wanted things to get
done I'd just be like Oh mr. president
you are what you are the biggest
president ever you are a big beautiful
president the biggest most beautiful
president that's ever
can you please expand government
programs for the poor can you do
something about affordable housing it
would be the easiest thing in the world
but anyway yeah you're the most
president I've ever ever existed okay by
the way other allegations included a
pattern of handing out medication this
is in my opinion the most serious with
no patient history writing himself
prescriptions and contributing to a
hostile work environment where there was
a constant fear of reprisal okay maybe
there weren't really redeeming factors
he sounds pretty terrible and we're not
we're not even at everything you know I
mean this is still just part of the
memorandum that was sent on his behavior
you know the yeah right I think I want
to be as fair as possible when covering
these stories even if I have my own
biases
against Trump and his lack of vetting
you know you look at all these
allegations and they're incredibly
serious and you know slanging out
prescription drugs is is no laughing
matter especially right now but when 23
people step forward and they volunteer
at great personal risk to their career
they volunteer information about this
nominee that means that that environment
really had to be toxic I mean they they
felt an obligation and and this is
something that really is laudable they
feel an obligation to the VA right he's
gonna be running the VA this huge
important administration the Veterans
Administration and they wanted to step
forward and go wait a minute this guy
has done these things and we think these
are character flaws that will play
themselves out in more dangerous ways if
you were put in charge of the VA so I'll
give the people who step forward a lot
of credit 23 of them and that's a that's
a pretty damning number of people who
stepped up and the allegations were so
serious that even Republicans you know
had to pause and really rethink the idea
of confirming him now Trump has
responded to this he is unhappy about
how everything turned out perhaps it
would be a good idea for him to do
proper vetting before nominating people
vetting goes further than someone just
complimenting you and saying that you
don't have dementia but during an
interview with Fox & Friends
Trump said this he would have done a
great job commend his heart and who you
might these are all false accusations
that were in it these are false they're
trying to destroy a man by the way I did
say welcome to Washington welcome to the
swamp
welcome to the world of politics yeah
well he doesn't know that there are
false obligation uh allegations at all
of course he doesn't know anything but
no more importantly that last part of
his statement in regard to welcome to
the swamp you have created more swamp
monsters like that is what you've done
during your administration and I'm not
just talking about Ronnie Jackson I'm
talking about the people who he has
nominated for his cabinets for his
cabinet and also you know Mike Pompeo
just got confirmed Mike
Pompeyo is not like some going rogue
person who's gonna shake things up he's
a war hawk and it's more of the same
it's not like Trump came into you know
the executive branch and really shake
things up the only thing he did to shake
things up is share his bigotry and his
xenophobia and that's pretty much it and
his disdain for poor people what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
