Abdullah's se joins us he is running for
governor in Michigan he's actually the
first governor gubernatorial candidate
to be endorsed by the Justice Democrats
so great to have you here Hank thanks
for having me really excited to be here
no problem so you've got a really
interesting race in Michigan for
governor intercepts written about it
there's a colorful character and the
Democratic primary
you're also a character but not in the
same way and and and then you've got the
Republicans so first let's break it down
the our audience is gonna want to know
how progressive are you and so for
example who's endorsed you yeah so we've
been endorsed like you said by the
Justice Democrats congressman ro Khanna
every progressive organization in the
state of Michigan and the Michigan
Nurses Union and we're proud to stand
with all of them
look I decided to run for office as a
doctor because I rebuilt Detroit's
health department and we did things like
build programs to guarantee every child
a free pair of glasses stand up to some
of the biggest corporate polluters in
the state forcing a petroleum refinery
in southwest Detroit to reduce its
emissions when they had applied to
increase them and then after Flint's
having every school daycare and Head
Start tested for lead in the water but
every project I took on led me to the
door of a politician and I found those
doors closed and they don't open for
people like you and me they open for
folks with huge corporate cheques who
have been buying and selling Michigan
politics politicians and politics for a
long time I don't take corporate money I
stand for a $15 minimum wage
I believe in universal health care
through a single-payer system that we
can build right here in Michigan and I
believe that we can move to 100%
renewable energy
I believe those things as a doctor as a
former professor as a former health
commissioner and now somebody running
for governor my work has always been
about how we fight inequity in all its
forms and I see this as the
responsibility of being able to set an
agenda around doing that so Abdulle I
was referring to an intercept article
there's an Jelani wrote about one of
your opponents who also claims to be
really progressive and and in the ilk of
Bernie Sanders
Jelani put together
interesting cases that might not be the
the situation at hand you want to talk
about that at all
look I don't mean to talk bad about
people but I'll be clear
look progressivism isn't some brand that
you get to by the minute you choose to
run for office this guy is a
multi-millionaire he sued his I mean he
sold his his business that that was
caught not telling the FDA about the
fact that there were medicines that he
was testing and included prescription
drugs like viagra he's being sued for
fraud by the company that bought that
and now he's spending six million
dollars in his own race calling himself
a progressive on TV and he's been up
since December this is just somebody
who's really rich trying to buy an
election we all know that the problem
with our politics right now is that it's
been bought and sold by millionaires and
billionaires and by corporations and he
is exactly that it doesn't matter what
you call yourself that matters the body
of work that you put together in your
career and I know that somebody who is
has videos on YouTube showing off his
house multiple thousand square-foot
house with you know seven different
fireplaces is not somebody I'd call
progressive and certainly the work that
he did to make his money doesn't seem
very progressive in the fact that he's
gone people left and right and is now
spending a lot of money in this own race
trying to buy an election that is
politics as usual to me it is not the
progressivism that people like you and I
espouse and when you compare that to my
body of work the fact that I chose not
to go into clinical medicine because I
didn't want to be a part of that system
and instead decided to spend my time
rebuilding a health department in the
poorest city in America I think the
difference is clear I am I'm not in a
position to judge people's hearts but I
will say that you can judge his
background and you can judge what he's
trying to do in this race and it's
pretty clear but that's not the
progressive that you and progressivism
that you and I believe in yeah you know
you've got something unique in your
resume so you've got all the things that
you mentioned and you're a Rhodes
Scholar and all those wonderful things
but you built a program to give
schoolchildren in the city glasses yeah
I mean how did that even occur to you so
I'll tell you check I was will just say
I wasn't the best student growing up and
one of the reasons why is because I used
to get real bored in the classroom and
when I got bored I used to try and
entertain myself usually unfortunately
at the expense of my teachers and
sometimes my classmates and I can't
imagine what it would have been like if
I couldn't even see the board now that's
the case in in Detroit
30% of the kids we would test and know
they needed glasses would come back
testing positive again next the next
year that means they spent an entire
year without the ability to see the
board now there's pretty astounding
statistics that show that the
probability among general people of
needing a pair of glasses is about one
in five if you look at young people
associated with the juvenile justice
system that goes to about four in five
and that difference tells us a lot about
that axis of being a kid who can't see
the board and then needing to entertain
yourself soon enough you're being
labeled a bad kid and when you enable a
bad kid you then act like the bad kid
and that path changes substantially
imagine what can happen in terms of
interrupting that by just giving a kid a
pair of glasses so that that kid can see
the board learn what's happening on the
board and be their best student and when
we found those statistics in Detroit
that 30% of our kids wouldn't get a pair
of glasses even though we had tested
them and knew they needed a pair we knew
we needed to do something and so we
built this program from the ground up in
two years first two years of its
operations delivered over 7,000 pairs of
glasses and I'll tell you in my life
there are a few moments that have moved
me as much as being able to put the
first pair of glasses on a child and
then see that kid look at his hand and
say I didn't know that there were
wrinkles in my hand and and that moves
you right and that's something that we
could do in across the state of Michigan
for all kids fracked in fact the program
that we built is revenue neutral it's
fully paid for by Medicaid and so these
are opportunities for us to think
outside the box about what government
does to be able to provide real benefits
for the people that we serve yeah until
I see what people are excited about you
now okay that's I would not have thought
of that program and and I did not know
those stats and now ironically I can see
so you say that if you win the
governorship that you were gonna try to
do state level single-payer health care
alright well talk to me about how you
would do that because that's that's not
easy at the state level you're right but
let's let's pay attention to the history
of how it happened in Canada right in
Canada
it didn't just single-payer didn't come
to Canada all of a sudden after World
War two instead what happens is people
realized that GIS were coming home they
didn't have access to
health care that they needed and
province by province decided that they
needed a province level level health
insurance program that benefited
everybody so if we use that model in
Michigan what it tells us is that state
level action is probably the best place
to start now here's the thing you know
there's better than me check we spend 19
cents on the dollar of every dollar
spent in our health and our entire
economy on health care it's way too
expensive but not only that in places
like Michigan and across the country
frankly you've got people who are paying
huge amounts in things like prescription
drugs because it's currently illegal
from Medicare which is the single
biggest buyer of health care in the
United States and among the biggest in
the world to negotiate the price of
prescription drugs and in Michigan in
particular we've got an issue with auto
insurance because we ask auto insurance
to be health insurance these are all
problems that Michiganders pay for every
day and the usual experience for even
somebody who's insured in the system is
that if they get sick or they have to go
see a doctor or hospital they're gonna
have to negotiate with an insurance
company that's making 15 cents on the
dollar for every dollar that they pay
into their health care services but
they're going to negotiate just to get
the care they already paid for nobody
likes the system as it stands we have an
opportunity at the state level to say
well listen we could bring down the
costs in particular over time but
immediately by eliminating the overhead
costs of insurance
eliminating the 15 cents on the dollar
and profits that insurance currently
makes off the top in doing that we
create a single-payer system for the
state of Michigan we then can start
negotiating with pharmaceuticals to
bring down the cost of prescription
drugs across Michigan and because we
have universal health care that covers
the 600,000 Michiganders who currently
go without health care every single day
because we can cover them we can bring
down the cost of auto insurance because
we're not asking it to be health
insurance anymore
the payouts for every single Michigander
is that the money that they spend in
paying for health care goes down every
Michigander has better health care and
we're able to do things like incentivize
prevention in a system where we know
that the payoff in the back end saves
the state money it's a win for everybody
the only people who don't like it are of
course the Hospital Association and the
insurers because right now they make a
ton of money Gaming a system where they
can collude together
raise the prices on all of us and keep
people who don't have health care out of
the system man they're going to spend a
lot of money to try to defeat you in the
general election so I know that you you
don't take corporate PAC money otherwise
just Democrats wouldn't have endorsed
you and and I know you say you want to
get money out of politics I want to get
a little bit more specific than that
because it's obvious that you're
intimately familiar with a lot of these
policy issues so in the case of getting
money out of politics would you support
a state your state legislature has a
governor you couldn't do it anything
about it other than supported but to
call for a convention to call for
constitutional amendment to get money
out of politics I would love to do that
and if I can come in and we can bring
with us a Democratic majority in the
House and the Senate I think there's a
lot of opportunity for us to ask those
questions I'd love to see that I mean
right now Michigan actually has a
program that we're benefiting from where
when we run against self funders like
the individual that you brought up
earlier that there's a million dollars
in matching funds for every contribution
from a Michigan resident under $100 and
we get a two-to-one match from the state
I think that's a pretty great program I
would love to see a system kind of like
the UK's where these races are actually
fully publicly funded and that we get
corporate money entirely out of out of
the system let's be clear though federal
law right now and the interpretation of
citizens united makes it so that we have
declared completely erroneously that
corporations are people and that their
speech in the form of money is protected
and so we would have to stand up in
fight citizens united at the federal
level if any sort of state policy is
gonna hold and so I'd love to be able to
move at the state level but let's be
clear we're gonna have to do with this
at the federal level because we're
obviously preempted by federal law and
so this is something that I think we
need quarter rate coordination from
states and and the federal government to
work on I'll tell you this though one of
the biggest challenges that we have
right now is that a number of state
legislators are currently Republican
they're pretty close from being able to
have the ability to pass us
constitutional amendments and
our responsibility to be able to bring
strong progressive leadership to
Michigan really does have ramifications
at the federal level yeah well on
article five convention would allow for
the states to to basically get around
Washington to propose an amendment so
let's hope that Michigan is headed down
that path all right I want to let
everybody know what the links are here a
bill from Michigan dot-com is a website
and then you've got a volunteer and the
donation links there as well and the
lace will be down below on YouTube and
Facebook description box if you're
watching on those platforms abdullah
syed right and running for governor in
michigan and obviously his got his stuff
together and it's clearly progressive so
good luck in the race and we hope talk
to you in the general I look forward to
it'll be a lot of fun and let's go take
back our politics exactly all right
thank you
