while all this bad information has come
out about Ronnie Jackson and his bid to
become the next head of the Department
of Veteran Affairs the White House
currently looks like it's actually gonna
stand by him even as things get worse
and worse throughout the day so here is
Sarah Huckabee Sanders defending him
against these new charges deny the
allegations to President Trump I'm not
gonna go line by line on every
outrageous thing out there right now but
he certainly disgust somebody this
morning there's probably not a person
around that has managed a department of
over 300,000 and certainly he's a very
highly qualified highly respected person
in the military and in the medical
community and that's something that we
strongly feel that veterans need and the
VA does this with veterans need I don't
know look there she closed she says that
this situation is outrageous you're
right it is outrageous it's outrageous
of the things that he's done that you
either knew about and still wanted to
make him the head of the VA or didn't
actually know about and they said today
he there's no one they've met vetted
more than Ronnie Jackson don'ts that's
horrifying what are you talking about
there's no one you vetted more he's a
drunk who might have been trying to
sexually assault someone we don't know
for sure
it's allegations we'll find out more but
what we found out in just a couple of
days very scary information if that's
your vetting process on whether we
should trust the rest of your nominees
don't vet on it okay but look last thing
here why is the White House position up
for the head of the VA as Sarah Huckabee
Sanders said that oversees 300,000
employees it's actually one of the most
management intensive jobs in the whole
federal government because Trump likes
him gets along with them and he said the
Trump was a perfect specimen that's why
he's eating the job that's the bigger
story to me that he has no business
getting this job at all I might like to
party with
all the presidents like them as a doctor
they they he gets along well with
everyone but does that mean he should
manage 300,000 people for a job he is
he's qualified for other jobs okay but a
for a job he is not at all qualified for
just cuz the president got a like scrote
yeah right job that needs major reform
and that people's lives are depending on
and they're treating it like it's some
sort of game but he gets picked because
he gave Trump the cartoon elephant test
and said that his mind isn't leaking out
of his ears so he gets to be the head of
the NBA that's exactly right so at the
end of the day and don't get me wrong
sorry dr. Jackson but we can't have it
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
