oh it's called okay go to New York Times
yeah they called it okay so they're
calling Debbie Lesko as so as we
suspected that looks like that's all the
mail-in ballots so even though there's
less than one percent reporting says
it's eighty percent of the votes
they think that that five no actually
six six point lead is is good enough to
call yeah and obviously those guys have
a lot more for than we do on the
nitty-gritty of the different districts
and the possibilities yeah yeah one
thing that we didn't actually get into
is there was some information of they
obviously couldn't release the early
voting results but they did have sort of
the the exit polling equivalent for it
and it did seem to be more Republican
than we would have hoped the early vote
what I wonder immediately is when I see
that so obviously this is this is a
special election so it's not not a
primary it's actually for the house but
I wonder is it it's got to be back up in
November then yeah whatever leave Sarah
could rerun and yes Monica see here's
why so Briana Westbrook here's why I
know that here Briana Westbrook was just
Democrat running yes here'll temper Nene
in the primary special election primary
is she at the time she was planning to
run against her again if they're all had
won the race and they would have had
another primary soon now as it turned
out Briana Wanda supporting temper Nene
brought over all her volunteers and her
infrastructure to help her fellow
Democrat even though they were had run a
tough but fair contest within the
primary and we talked to Briana tonight
and and and they were all in on on
helping temper and any as it turns out
you know it looks like but New York
Times calling it that the Debbie Lesko
the Republican is going to hold on to
that seat it's still not great news for
the Republicans good news obviously that
they keep the trent franks seat but
that's a plus 25 district that it
appears they won by about six points
that means just like in Pennsylvania's
18th district they're consistently
losing 19 points
you know what happens if that happens
nationwide a wave like you have never
seen because most political scientists
pollsters etcetera they have this huge
system of ranking these different
districts leans Republican leans
Democrat likely Republican definite
Republican etc right and all those liens
are gone they're all Democrat if you've
got a 19-point swing and most of the
likelies are gone gone like the
Republican turns into a easy Democratic
victory with a 19-point swing a kid I
don't think it can be 19 points all
across the country but if it is that's a
tsunami they'll barely hold on the seats
like this that was represented by trent
franks he's it resigned in a sex scandal
but frank says was i mean if not top ten
certainly top twenty conservative
right-wing zealot in the house if that's
up for a discussion there are no world
of trouble in so many seats they
wouldn't couldn't possibly imagine over
thirty Republicans have already retired
you think they're the smart ones that's
right you think they don't see what's
coming Paul Ryan the Speaker of the
House is retiring he's in a leans
Republican district it's only plus five
Randy Bryce was gonna beat him with a
stick and iris that has chased them out
with a crowbar so Darryl ice is gone
chase that by another just Democrat
applegate in that case Applegate almost
beat him last time around this time II
wouldn't kill them not even close
charlie dent is gone so many of these
Republicans you've been used to for a
long long time for sometimes for decades
gone gone gone and they're not leaving
because oh you know they decided that
they need this for Ryan's was great I've
got teenage kids who don't want to spend
time with me so I like I'm gonna go and
spend time with them he literally said
that at the press conference come up
with a better excuse okay so tonight yes
it's a win for Less gonna Republicans is
a loss for to burn a knee and the
Democrats but that hand right
has met the wall and so Republicans
ought to be scared out of their minds
about this result as well I agree look
obviously I would have preferred that
tipper Danny had one here and you know I
feel bad for a Westbrook you know for
her work there at least in the short
term but as you said I mean considering
what it seems like that the 17 to 19
points that can happen nationally it
could also happen right here so Debbie
Lesko is gonna get six months in
Congress as a Republican as we've
predicted she's in a vote with Donald
Trump 103 percent of the time and so the
the only thing that's gonna be different
in six months is that she is going to
have tied herself to an incredibly
unpopular president in a few months she
might have an opportunity to do what's
right for her country over what's right
for Donald Trump and like many
Republicans she's gonna choose to side
with Donald Trump regardless of whatever
comes out and so she's gonna look even
worse then and maybe you can speak by in
a special election like this but when
when all of the the promotion ahead of
the election is going and people are
getting really fired up for systemic
change across the country I mean you
might have made it for six months and
that's great you'll be able to say that
you were a congresswoman for a little
while but I don't see it going out
beyond that
okay so election nights always count on
the young turks tea white tea
network.com /live and next was may 8th
and it is gigantic it's got a Ohio huge
race there Dennis Kucinich is up for
governor so many others there's a lot of
just Democrats and a lot of those races
and then also West Virginia Joe Manchin
versus apology is Swearengin so may 8th
tea or tea network.com slash live
whenever there's an election will be on
and covering inning and giving you all
the details
