now we have an interesting race in
California Senator Dianne Feinstein's up
for re-election Allison Hartson is
running guest her and she worked at Wolf
Pack to get money out of politics for
five years she was a National Director
there now obviously has left
organization to be a candidate Dianne
Feinstein has been in politics for about
50 years and her positions seemed frozen
in time she is against legalizing
marijuana even though the state of
California her own state overwhelmingly
voted to legalize marijuana first
Medical Marijuana Feinstein was against
it then recreational marijuana Feinstein
was and is against it so Allison arson
is a new ad about not just that but also
criminal justice reform let's watch
Dianne Feinstein has the same position
on marijuana as Jeff Sessions she's
against research she's against
legalization she's against criminal
justice reform dianne feinstein's
position has cost the freedom of
millions of people in communities of
color
when I say I'm fighting for us I'm not
just talking about people who look like
me
I'm talking about all of us I will
represent the wishes of California
voters unlike our current senator I'm
Allison Hartson and I approve this
message because you already voted on
this issue and it's about time we have a
senator who's on your side
as usual at the end of it Alison Hart
sanad damn she just compared her to Jeff
Sessions you know why because she has
the same record as Jeff Sessions isn't
that unbelievable in this case now on
other issues they might diverge although
if I sign also put up a confederate flag
to be fair though it was in the southern
city of San Francisco if you remember
that story she did that back when she
was mayor in San Francisco because she
was angling to get the VP slot for
Walter Mondale and the Dixiecrats were
coming in town and she wanted to make
them happy Jeff Sessions would be proud
of that as well but on the issue of
marijuana she is completely out of step
and she might find it amusing and a lot
of the old school politicians like oh
the kids I like I guess they want pot no
it's not amusing it's not funny
millions of people have gone in jail in
this country because of marijuana
possession it is prohibition all over
again and the people of California were
very very clear but Feinstein as usual
the same with Medicare for all in the
same with so many other issues the death
penalty and the list goes on and on tax
cuts for the rich you name it and
Feinstein says I don't care what the
voters of California want I'm not going
to give it to you so well there is one
way to make her care you voters can
actually vote her out and then we'll see
how she enjoys retirement anyway now
there's two ways to do that Alison
Hart's ENCOM slash now is to volunteer
for Alison I think volunteers make all
the difference you literally cannot
volunteer for Dianne Feinstein she's not
interested in your volunteer hours
because she has so much money from her
corporate donors that she thinks she
doesn't need you whereas Alison says
give me volunteers first and I'm going
to tell you why that's so important one
second but since Alison does not take
any corporate PAC money she doesn't take
any PAC money period
she needs a small dollar donation so go
to Alison Hart CENTCOM size you go to
also make sure that you're donating
these links will be down below so that
you can participate and be part of the
change be part of the revolution and and
people like Feinstein
have never opposed Bush and Trump in any
significant way she voted for Bush's
Iraq war she voted for Bush's tax cuts
and what has she done to oppose Trump
almost nothing is she's not going to so
get in the fight now here's the
interesting part it turns like
California's are already ready for this
message now Allison's volunteers are
calling in and talking to real
California voters they themselves of
course are also California voters and
what they're finding out is that once
you have that conversation the tide
swings dramatically now let me show you
internal numbers from base on the calls
now of course it is I'm not trying to
put this as a scientific poll it's not
done by an outside organization but he
gives you a sense of what happens when
this message is delivered to real voters
let me show you the chart here okay so
when they asked and this was only after
a 30-second conversation and they
explained what Alice's positions are
then look undecided is still winning at
44 because they don't they're not sure
what they want to do here because
there's almost no media attention paid
to this race everybody in mainstream
media pretty much assume spy sign is
gonna win but when you target people for
30 seconds strongly in favor of Allison
goes up to 24 leaning Allison goes up to
20 so 44 combined okay Diane Feinstein
is down at six point three eight percent
you can knock her over with a feather
she has no support all it takes is a
30-second call for people go yeah I'm
done with her
I don't want her who's the alternative
well lucky for us we have an alternative
it's Allison aartsen so I'm telling you
the donations make a huge difference but
this so does your volunteer time she's
already at over 1,600 volunteers go to
Allison arts and comm / now and and get
to that goal of 2,000 and we shouldn't
be way past that the election is coming
guys actually if you're in California
you could ask for a mail-in ballot right
now so here's the link for it and and
obviously we'll have you don't have to
memorize that if you're watching this
later on YouTube or Facebook we'll have
it in the description box you can just
click on it as with all of these links
and get your mail-in ballot now
and as soon as you're able to which is
in the beginning of May start voting
start voting
she's not gonna motivate people find
signs not gonna motivate people like
that but we have people power and that's
what we need to use if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
