this is another video of you know
reported racial profiling we start with
a picture this is a group of women they
are from a group that goes golfing all
the time they're black women they
they're from sisters in the fairway
it's a decade-old club that goes out and
you know there's more than these women
are in it but they go and go to golf
courses around their area they went to
the Grandview Golf Club where they are
members and then things got heated and
this was posted on one of the women's
Facebook pages she said today I was a
victim of racial profiling and
discrimination just a few minutes after
we took our sisters in the fairway
outing picture Sandra Thompson and I
were kicked off the golf course and the
police called the owner tried to kick us
off earlier on the second hole but
Sandra intervened the harassment
continued to the 10th hole with the
claim we broke the rules
we are golfers and we did not I am also
a golfer and just watch this video and
you can tell by the way these women
handle themselves when the owner
approaches them they do know the rules
of golf let's take a look at this why
was you counting your I mean are you
arranger yeah are you are you are you
arranger are you arranger and we're here
ok so you didn't remember to say
anything it was there right behind us
now once in jest arting that meant they
took 20 minutes to get from 9 to 10 why
are we bothering people Jesus Christ
let's say they don't know the rules of
golf and they were going too slow is it
a legal to golf too slow there's no
reason to call the cops over this there
is I went to fairways golf camp at the
Encino Balboa golf area in Los Angeles
as a junior golfer and they teach you
all you like take a test on all the
rules you get 5 minutes to check a
all everything that try to find a lost
ball everything that they were saying
was specifically in reference to the
typical things that happen on the course
so you say like are you a ranger the
Rangers are people who's and marshals
they're the people who you know ride
around in the golf course to make sure
that this kind of stuff happens did you
did the Ranger come up and tell me did
you tell me once did you warn me all
those things are things that prove that
these ladies in the fairway they know
their golf inside and out
yeah but why call the cops why do we
have to call the cops on just black
people just trying to live just like
sitting there not breaking any laws it's
ridiculous and then we have you know
mass murderers get treated with more
dignity and respect and safety and
professionalism by the police than women
who were golfing too slow maybe at least
the police did not escalate the
situation the police kind of showed up
looked around and we're essentially like
are you serious in that situation they
said nothing had happened there was no
need to call us it just seemed like the
people who owned the golf course we're
taking too much of an issue with this
personally she said that the owner tried
to approach them early on and then kept
following them they got to the turn is
called between the 9th and the 10th Cole
where you go you get a sandwich and then
you move on you're supposed she says
where it's like we were playing ready
golf which is like exactly the term you
use and you can see with a moment in
that video when she asked the owner like
were you counting why were you counting
and she said did you did you approach us
to ask us to move faster and you could
see on his face is like no I didn't
she's good she's got me now but he
doesn't relent he calls the police it's
so frustrating guys so this is the
reason we talk about it is because if it
doesn't happen to you how would you know
about it right and so again that the
term that comes up white privilege right
in some ways I've said this a thousand
times it's kind of an irritating term
because if you lived in Nebraska or like
I never even got to play golf I don't
have money in to play golf and I keep
using Nebraska but it could be the poor
anywhere in the country right it doesn't
mean that you have money or whatever
their their group is called sisters in
the fairway and they golf regularly that
means they probably have good amount of
money they're professionals and I don't
know the kind of money to go golfing all
the time I don't have
it cetera but they do bless their hearts
etc right but so but it never happened
to you so here's a situation where if
you ever went on a golf course they
probably didn't do this to you I've been
on a plenty I knew pitching putter you
know I'm not like Brett right maybe the
mission League is all I'm trying to say
yeah par-3 you know it's don't get me
wrong it's not you know mini-golf anyway
a lot of times I go slow you know why
because I'm cheap and so if I lose a
ball I don't follow the five-minute rule
I keep looking and looking because I'm
unbearable okay and so sometimes
somebody will give you a glance right
but nobody calls the cops they can't
tell what I am so they don't know call
the cops I mean and I would imagine the
ninety-nine out of a hundred times they
never called it probably a hundred out
of a hundred times they never call the
cops on you that's why Kim's exactly
right you want to get go and go hey guy
guys move a little faster or whatever by
the way they were backed up behind the
people in front of them yeah I mean they
were totally they didn't even do
anything wrong by golf standards a
report is that they were under two hours
on the front nine which is lightning
fast they had five people also proved
that this I'm sorry to be so inside golf
you're talking about you use it five
hours is a long time so two and a half
hours on the front on the first half of
it that is a long round they did it on
under two hours so no one was going slow
it was probably someone who is just
themselves it's usually on a golf course
when someone's mad at you they have had
a bad week and they came to the golf
course and they instead of taking it out
on the ball like you're supposed to you
take it out on someone else at the range
and obviously they decided to single out
this group because they were different
and that's frustrating yeah but like
Brett said I want to give credit to the
cops thank you for not going ballistic
literally and or trying to arrest them
and going hey guys a little slow we're
all gonna be ok if that which they
didn't but it's ok and and just last
thing is can you understand the
frustration of some groups in this
country when they get stopped for
walking and that was this another story
we did a guy walking across the street
and just brutally assaulted by the cops
in that case they said jaywalking
there's no but
around it was the middle of the night I
mean it was preposterous therefore
driving for now for playing golf for
asking for a plastic fork at a Waffle
House and the list goes on and on and on
how can you not see their frustration so
I see it clear as day I hope that we can
at least can shed some light on it so
you can go yeah well you're right you
know that doesn't happen to me but it
does seem to happen to them a lot you
just watch the video by the young turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
