joining me now is JD Shelton he's
running in Iowa's fourth District if you
don't recognize that district you will
likely recognize that it's incumbent the
loathsome hideous Steve King so JD first
of all welcome to rebel headquarters oh
it's an honor to be here jenkin yeah
just a big fan and thank you for having
me on oh thank you brother appreciate it
now you've been endorsed by a lot of
folks including Bernie Sanders and and
as many progressive groups almost as
there is out there and so I know you're
fighting the good fight so now let's
talk about seeking for a second cuz I
want people to understand how important
this race is so sometimes Steve King is
called a white supremacist now he's a
member of Congress so that might seem
extreme if you don't know his record but
what are some of the things that Steve
King has done or said that perhaps
earned that title of some people's minds
I mean he just look at his tweets and
and they're pretty self-explanatory we
have the famous one from not this past
March but a year and a half ago where I
said we can't restore our civilization
with other people's babies and there's
just a lot of things like that that it
doesn't represent the fourth district
and I have friends who aren't from Iowa
who aren't very political and they text
me every time he does something like
this and in it finally we just said
enough is enough and and we're changing
the narrative who's coming out to vote
and and changing the narrative of this
district so in case you guys didn't see
those tweets Steve King wrote will ders
who's a another questionable character
to say at least understands that are
that culture and demographics are our
destiny he said we can't restore our
civilization with somebody else's babies
what does that mean what whose babies
what and when you say demographics is
our destiny
okay well this the same question I asked
our Crossin or anybody else why what's
wrong with it in another tweet he said
diversity is not our strength
who do you mean we are right right oh
it's not your strength because you're a
white supremacist yeah you hate
diversity I get it hey but for the rest
of us we're all Americans right and and
I was blessed enough to play
professional baseball in earlier in life
and and I mean diversity is the strength
of any team and and it is the strength
of America too and so he's just were
tired of his extreme a point of view and
in his personal agenda and he's
advocated his leadership after being in
Congress for 16 years for his own
personal agenda I mean and it's such a
and they don't get it it's such a point
of privilege to be able to say I don't
like your diversity like what I don't
even know what that means so all right
imagine if African American politician
came out and said yeah I don't like
diversity so it should only be black
people in power you die what what so all
right now look this is a district though
that has gone for Steve King by over 20
points several times so how do you want
in a district like this and and and look
if you're standing from our position
outside of that district we worry that
that district likes that kind of talk
so JD what's your take on it and how do
you plan to beat him well I mean it just
goes to show how far out of touch he is
with the district because this district
is reliant on an immigrant workforce and
in his extreme anti-immigration stance
their stances don't align with this
district and before we would always used
to hear oh that's just Steve bein Steve
like he's that crazy uncle but we don't
hear that anymore we hear like you that
letter you mentioned earlier that that
comment you mentioned earlier of a
lifelong Republican who was finally just
said enough is enough and we're seeing
that throughout this district and so
what we did was we really modeled our
campaign after my two political heroes
and in 1984 and no that's a while ago
but eighty percent of this district what
is now the fourth District was Rep
by Tom Harkin and Berkley Vidal and
there were two wonderful populist
Democrats and and we modeled our
campaign after what they they do and in
what they did and and it was get out
there to the people and we are currently
on our third thirty-nine County tour
it's a major district it's huge and
we're doing a town hall in all 39
counties and we call it the camp fake
showing up to her and we are just
getting crowds and crowds and and
earlier today we were blessed to have an
event down in Boone County a rural
County and we had over 150 people show
up and last week in a County that
Hillary Clinton didn't even get 30
percent in in the 2016 election we had
over a hundred and eighty-two people
almost 200 people showed up and it
wasn't all just Democrats and people are
fed up and and we're creating this
movement and it's it's pretty special to
be part of so you mentioned you played
baseball I gotta say I love that you
played for the Saskatoon legends in
Canada I didn't know they played
baseball out there and you played
baseball in Belgium Germany in France
yeah putting the kidding aside about
Canada I really didn't know they played
baseball in those countries yeah it was
I'll be honest I didn't make a dime
doing it but is for the love of the game
and and it's when it's in your heart it
it's it's pretty special and that's the
same with this campaign it's I knew how
hard work it would be to take an A on an
eight-time incumbent but it when it's
fun it's it's it makes everything easier
and what we've seen is a race that's
traditionally 22 points we've seen a
national poll had us within ten and then
our poll shows was six and both the
national and in this poll shows that the
only limitation is our name recognition
and so we're executing our game plan
right now we're gonna blitz the Airways
with ads and and newspaper and radio and
all that jazz and and we're continuing
it out to all 39 counties and everything
we see this race this race when I first
launched and went on our first 39 county
tour everyone thought was unwinnable and
it's going to come down to razor thin
margins
well what's helping your name
recognition a little bit
as Ben and Jerry's in a contest you're
among seven people that they wanted to
name ice cream flavors after and that is
concluded and I love your ice cream
flavor at least the name they haven't
sent me a pint yet
so anyway jolting Shelton's grand slam
home run okay that's awesome
and in like I said you were a Saskatoon
legend
and if you beat Steve King then you'll
really be a legend so but before we let
you go though I do want to ask you our
policy you have an unsurprising giving
your district but as your top priority
building a sustainable rural economy and
I wanted to ask you about that cuz I you
know all we ever hear about is nonsense
it's oh I'm gonna help the small farmers
what means is giant tax giveaway to the
richest people in the country and using
farmers as a shield so but how would you
help farmers build sustainable economy
in your district well there's two parts
of it one we need to add technology into
this district and if you go on to any
farm right now you will see that the the
technology that's on the farms right now
are absolutely amazing and but they're
only using a small portion of what they
could potentially be using and so
getting quality internet access to all
farmers is a must to end to every Iowan
but the other part of it is the amount
of market consolidation and you talk
about like the bare monsanto merger and
and all those things have really just
squeezed farmers in any time you take a
market option out of the place out of
the market place you you add cost to the
farmer and you add pressure to the
farmer and they're wearing it on the
input and output side and in man I could
talk all day about this but but that's
just one of the many things and and this
is even before we even talk about
tariffs and how we're bearing the brunt
of what's happening and and it's it's
one thing that farmers are really
resonating with and King's pretty weak
on that he's not on the farm bill
conference committee 16 years in
Congress and and he's missed 39 percent
of the farm or the Agriculture Committee
hearings and he's
it's 82% of the small business committee
hearings and he's just really abdicated
his leadership for his own personal
agenda and people are fed up yeah and of
course his buddy
Donald Trump is devastated his farming
community all right
everybody check out joltin shulton good
a Schulten for Iowa com that's of course
with the number for Schulten for Iowa
com if you're watching later on YouTube
or Facebook all those links will be down
below so you can click on them easy
donate or volunteer it makes a huge
difference especially against the
candidate backed by corporations like
Steve King so JD Shelton thank you so
much for joining us really appreciate
thank you so much thank you have a great
night
on the go don't worry we got you covered
you can still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
