Taylor Swift has been notorious for
refusing to share her political opinion
but she just recently broke her
political silence by endorsing to
Democrats in her home state of Tennessee
now there has been a lot of reaction to
this so we're gonna get to that reaction
just a moment but in an Instagram post
on Sunday night Swift threw her support
behind Phil Bredesen
the Democratic candidate for Senate and
Jim Cooper for the House of
Representatives now in her post she said
the following I always have and always
will cast my vote based on which
candidate will protect and fight for the
human rights I believe we all deserve in
this country she went on to talk about
the importance of protecting the rights
of individuals in the LGBT community she
also said I believe that the systemic
racism we still see in this country
toward people of color is terrifying
sickening and prevalent now it's
important for her to bring up that issue
because since she's been so quiet about
her political views some neo-nazis have
been supportive of her they've put her
up on a pedestal thinking that she's
like the prime example of a white female
perfection in society and she never
spoke out against it and and liberals
were really irritated by it because
they're like when is she going to
condemn these people that support her
she never had so now that she's broken
her political silence we have a better
sense of where she stands also Swift's
publicly travel to neutrality allowed
fans to project whatever views they
wanted on her she developed a following
among white supremacist who held her up
as the Platonic ideal of white
femininity can I just say that's how
funny that is because they had no idea
what our political positions were and
now today they're all crying yeah they
need a safe space cuz cuz Taylor Swift
doesn't agree with them I mean I know
what kind of a Nazi cries over a Taylor
Swift not agreeing with them can you
it's just it's hilarious like white
supremacists putting her up on a
pedestal like I'm just thinking about
them listening to her music in their
earphones or headphones while they're
buying their tea
torches right yeah shake it off shake it
up oh but I can haters gonna hate
they're like they think she's singing
about them like that's right we're gonna
hate that's what we're gonna do right
grab a tiki torch okay no but really why
do they like her so much because of how
white shoe yeah we're that's hilarious
so come to find out that your skin color
doesn't determine your ideology and the
Nazis are shocked just shy of the white
supremacists are like wait I thought she
was good because she was white but now
she doesn't agree with me and I don't
know what to think anymore
maybe you shouldn't beat your ideology
at somebody's skin color I know it's a
man it's amazing so um the number one
troll Donald Trump reacted to this he
was asked about it and here's what he
had to say
and what did you say
not mark the bathroom
you know while Marsha Blackburn is doing
a very good job in Tennessee she's
leading now substantially which he
should she's a tremendous woman
I'm sure Taylor Swift that's nothing
Norden gut doesn't know anything about
her and let's say that I like Taylor's
music about 25% less now okay okay so a
couple things have in there Anna so one
was he's like oh they mentioned a
celebrity turn around right now okay and
and so he's like that's gonna get me
attention I like attention let's troll
okay and and then they asked him about
it and what's his go-to move but she
doesn't know anything about Marsha
Blackburn why would you assume that now
the reality is of course Donald Trump
doesn't know anything about Marsha
Blackburn he's never done any homework
of his life in fact in her statement
Taylor Swift wrote about Marsha
Blackburn her voting record in Congress
appalls and terrifies me she doesn't
know anything
apparently she knows her whole voting
record she went on to cite specific
cases
she says she voted against equal pay for
women she voted against the
reauthorization of the Violence Against
Women Act okay so she lists all these
different actual votes she had then she
says she believes businesses have a
right to refuse service to gay couples
and she explains why she doesn't agree
with any of those things if I Taylor
Swift knows her record really well
that's why she's like you don't not
Marsha Blackburn not Marsha Blackburn
based on her record
Trump's like huh Taylor Swift a young
girl what does she know doesn't know
anything I know I guarantee that Taylor
Swift probably knows more no not
probably knows more about Marsha
Blackburn voting record than Donald
Trump I I don't think that's a close
contest yeah okay okay
he couldn't name you one thing Marcia
Blackburn's voted for okay anyway so now
he's King troll but I also want talk
about a baby troll and that's Charlie
Kirk Oh graphic 30 yeah he's from
Turning Point USA let's show you what he
wrote he tweeted out hey Taylor Swift
you just endorse a Democrat and
Tennessee Senate race with a ridiculous
statement saying Marsha Blackburn a
woman is against women
no she mentioned how she's against
women's rights and has voted against
women's rights and she does that because
corrupt Republicans who fund you Charlie
Kirk also fund her and she has no
principles anyway he then goes on to say
you have absolutely no idea what you're
talking about because Charlie you're 13
and you really know you take money from
huge Republican donors and that's why
you know no she cited specific cases you
know nothing anyway but here's my
favorite part and why we're reading it
to you in the first place your career
has never recovered since Kanye ended it
please
tens maybe hundreds of millions of
dollars since then let's just quickly
talk about the fact that Charlie Kirk is
nothing more than a male gigolo for
corporations okay like what's your
career you're just a mouthpiece for the
corporate goons that pay you that's all
you are you want to talk about career
success you're a failure no no to be
fair his career is doing propaganda and
that's what he does okay the male gigolo
for corporations so her career is in
music claiming that Taylor's I know you
guys claim things that can't possibly be
true are climate change isn't real the
temperature isn't what the temperature
is right I know that Charlie Kurtz and
Donald Trump's of the world say that
they deny reality all the time etcetera
but claiming that Taylor Swift is not a
successful musician is hilarious I think
that might have gone that might be a
bridge too far okay
Kanye ended her career on which planet
not this one and others say not just
Charlie Kirk but a lot of commenters
they're very angry at the Conservatives
right they're like a musician what do
you know shut your mouth and sing wait
that doesn't make sense okay I know
musicians they shouldn't count for
anything that's why the utmost authority
that I trust the most is Ted Nugent what
okay so the and then the third line of
attack was along Charlie Kirkland
she just ended her career Charlie went
back in time I said her career was
already over even though she made all
that money and met all those hits that's
even crazier but the guys know she's
just a dude her career oh great we'll
get to find out we'll see if Taylor
Swift career ended today or perhaps
she's going to make a lot more money
going forward and that
- what I actually think is the most
important part of this story now Taylor
Swift didn't talk about politics all
that time out of accident and not
because she didn't care she was told by
probably every single manager that she's
ever had
don't talk about politics it'll cost us
money and we're money-making machine
over here and they are okay it's the
same thing as Nike Nike Dodd don't not
know politics until all of a sudden you
know what happened all these people who
are making hundreds of millions of
dollars in the case of Nike billions of
dollars did some math looked at some
polling look at their customer base and
they're like oh our customers are young
the people who buy sneakers are young
the people who listen to Taylor Swift
are young and the young are 80%
progressive the only people that are
left are like people who are bribed to
be conservative like charlie kirk right
so they're like oh the way you make more
money is by being more progressive not
less progressive more political because
if you don't stand for anything anymore
the younger generation can't stand you
she was getting a lot of heat for not
standing for anything so the right
business move is to actually stand up
for something and if you're gonna stand
up for something if you'd like to make
money in this country and for an appeal
to under 35 year olds you're gonna stand
up for progressive positions so
Republicans proceed to your safe space
and cry all day long I know you're
triggered by Taylor Swift who you loved
so much because of how white she was
okay but sad day for you you've lost an
entire generation thanks for watching
this free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
