it is the national school walkout day
today commemorating the 19th anniversary
of the shooting at Columbine when
thirteen people died during that
horrific event in an event that really
you know marked the beginning of the era
wherein which is an era of of school
shootings and we'll say how how
prevalent it is in a minute but first
here's some photos some images of what
happened all across the country today
they're from Chicago too there were
people out in the streets with hands up
don't shoot more from Chicago you know
protect kids not guns tons and tons of
kids there were people in every single
state in the United States books not
bullet signs like that and all the way
back to this is parkland that is
actually one of the original a neat are
making a sign Delaney was one of the you
know Parkland kids that emerge from that
event and then in Arlington Virginia
Washington Lee high school kids took to
the you know left walked outta school at
around 10 a.m. and had 13 seconds of
silence was kind of the standard to
commemorate the 13 who died I love that
the kids are active and when I was
you're gonna be shocked to find out that
when I was in high school I was an
activist student yeah I know
I know it is a bit shocking I would
raise my hand all the time if there was
a protest I was in it and it didn't
really matter you know back then I was
theoretically a Republican not that I
knew what the hell I was doing in high
school but I'm like there's a protest a
lot of these kids that were calling them
kids are gonna be 18 yeah and the
midterm elections are coming up and you
know they get things that we didn't get
as 17 18 year olds like they know
one-third of the seats in Senate are
coming up and they're ready I'm sure to
use their vote if they're ready to walk
out I'm pretty sure they'll make it to
the polls so I believe that a hundred
thousand kids in California if I
remember that story right have already
gotten ready to vote even though there's
17 they were going to be 18 when the
election comes around so they're
planning ahead and so I told the story
about myself because back then yeah they
were important issues
there's always important issues but now
their lives are literally on the line so
if ever there was a reason to protest
and have it be super important and have
it be nationwide this is it I mean
they're barricading themselves in in
certain situations as you'll see in a
little bit and in one shooting after
another after another before my time
they used to practice getting under
their desks in case there was a nuclear
war which I always trying to be absurd
like there were new kids yeah
tunnel under something I don't know if
that is weird right but now it's real
right and it's not theoretical and it's
not either the world ends or it doesn't
know there might be a shooting at your
school at any moment and and your life
might be in danger and he keeps going
around and around and around we talk
about 17 year olds as young as 10 years
old this is a story that got some
traction around the Internet today a ten
year old named Delaney today my husband
stood by my 10 year old daughter because
no one else in her school would 10 years
old and I saw that I saw Melissa's
avatar picture and I was like I know
that avatar picture I have communicated
with Melissa before that's her mom and
she isn't a young turks watcher let's go
to the next throw that's awesome
oh I said would any statements for the
young Turkey said oh my god I love you
guys second you're a part of why she's
this active she made me feel really
great she watches the show every single
day could you say hi to her daddy Steve
on the show he found TYT and he freaked
so hi Steve
you're doing amazing so I've got like
chills you're doing amazing work on no
doubt raising an amazing daughter and
and what you're doing is making a
difference yep
now start well let's let's talk about
the numbers that have happened since
Columbine there was a very powerful
piece done by the editorial board of the
San Diego union-tribune they did kind of
an artistic installation of the word
enough with the names of all the people
who had died in school shooting since
Columbine and they came up with these
statistics starting with Columbine there
have been 85 school shootings those
shootings have killed 223 people
including students teacher and staff and
factor
the average life expectancy that adds up
to eleven thousand and seventeen years
of life cut short by gun violence and
it's crazy because this vent there is
one school district that canceled their
walk outs why well we look at at school
walk outs have been canceled
district-wide in Marion County after a
school shooting at Forest High School in
Ocala Florida so today they couldn't do
their school shooting walk out because
of an actual school shooting there's one
injury someone shot in the ankle the
suspect was in custody within a little
bit of time and they said that the
shooter was standing in a hallway and
fired at a closed classroom door the
shooter then dropped an unspecified
weapon ran and tried to hide that one of
the boys this is a story from a boy who
told his father so the shooting happened
in the school an hour before they were
gonna do walk out to protest shootings
and the shooter it appears based on the
initial reports is also a student at the
school and this reminds me in and well
you know it was actual apartment kids
who made this point in the first place
and I hadn't thought of it until he said
it that remember if you train the
teachers to have a gun and to shoot the
perpetrators you're basically training
them to shoot their own students so if a
teacher had had a gun right and this kid
had pulled out the gun and shot and and
and hit someone
this teacher would have pulled out their
gun and shot and killed her student yeah
that definitely underscores the point of
the protest if there's they're staging a
protest for gun violence in and there's
gun violence I do like how the kids as
we're calling them are tying together I
guess every day gun violence to the mass
shootings and the school shootings yeah
cuz they're going to Chicago they're
going to these urban areas and saying
hey you know you might not have mass
shootings but there's murders happening
every day in your community that are
affecting kids and high school kids and
younger and they're tying it together
which i think is important to recognize
that mass shootings obviously get more
headlines and they're more splashy but
there's gun violence every single day
that's affecting kids yeah yeah and look
if we had any part in helping you know
as Steve and his wife and his daughter
are saying I couldn't be more proud if
we have actively engaged young
people in this country would like to
actually take their government back and
have it go back to being a democracy and
represent them and we contributed even a
tiny percentage to that we could all
retire off that so thank you guys and
thank you to all the students who
participated in this because you're
making this country a much better place
to live if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
