the former head of the Federal Reserve
Janet Yellen is now doing what most
people do once they are no longer with
the Federal Reserve she's giving
speeches and probably getting paid quite
a bit for them now although we don't
know exactly how much she has made in
these speeches that she is given we do
have news that she has given a private
speech to some of these major players at
in Wall Street let's give you the
details on that
so Yellen confirmed that she was paid
and said she revealed no confidential
information she said I talked about the
economy and general perspectives on
monetary policy also later over the
penthouse dinner of lobster beef short
ribs and MOT so in trendy Tribeca
neighborhood Yellen held court with
executives from hedge funds private
equity firms and companies she
considered inflation to be in check and
unlikely to spike
so rates would stay relatively low
that's according to an individual who
knew about these talks was involved in
these talks and so she's giving some
advice to these big Wall Street players
and I thought that whole thing about you
know keeping the rates low was super
interesting so I wanted to open that up
to the panel it was because when rates
are low when money is cheap as it has
been for the last ten years by Ben
Bernanke who was running the Fed before
Janet Yellen and by Janet Yellen as well
and now kind of by Jerome Powell who's
the current chair of the Fed when that
happens the banks actually get access to
the cheapest amount of money first and
then they tack on rates to to all of the
people and charge them extra things and
all sorts of things like that
so what happened was the quantitative
easing policy was a policy by which the
Fed created money like just fabricated
money it wasn't like they earned it
anywhere it wasn't like out of profits
it was actually just fabricated money
and they said look we're going to go
into the market to the banks and we're
gonna buy stuff from them that nobody
else wants because this was in the in
the beginning of the financial crisis
we're gonna buy for example and it's
still on the feds books now Janet
yellen's making money doing speeches
that the assets are still on the feds
books right now a trillion and a half
worth of mortgage toxic assets that
nobody else in the market wants and
we're gonna give you cash for them we're
going it's it's it's like giving you you
know I don't know Jaguar type money for
like a clunky little sort of something
that's twenty years old doesn't drive
but we're gonna do that and with that
you can do whatever you want is we were
talking about before that's what
happened so now what's going on is
there's this fear that if they raise
rates all this sort of free money that's
been created is going to start to become
less free more expensive to these banks
so what she's doing is very interesting
that that's what was leaked to the press
what she is doing is saying you know
what I'm not sure what that guy who's
now got my job is doing over there in
Washington but you know what inflation
actually isn't quite as high as sort of
we were saying which means we don't
really have to raise rates as much which
means all you bankers who are afraid
that might happen you don't have to be
so afraid because we actually know who
we're making money for and she probably
got paid a good six figures to do that
she makes two hundred grid she made two
hundred grand a year in Washington she
probably made at least half if not all
of that telling them that almost
certainly so there's another part of
this that's deeply troubling which is
these Federal Reserve Chairman they know
they're gonna get paid a lot of money by
the financial industry once they leave
might that influence their
decision-making when they're in that
office so for example Ben Bernanke I and
I love the timing on this Janet Yellen
waited about two months after she left
to give her first big speech for a lot
of money Bernanke had only waited a
month before him was Greenspan Greenspan
only waited a week okay so yell is like
wow wait to buzzword gadget so Bernanke
would charge two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for a dinner like that
now do you think they're paying two
hundred fifty thousand dollars first
great a small talk at the dinner table
no that is partly for the information
that he might have that he might share
with him they say no no I sure the same
thing as I do with the public except
little details that might not mean much
to you but mean a lot to them it could
they could make a ton of money off them
but the second value that almost no one
talks about is be a good boy and when
you're if you're a good guy at the
and I'll give you 250 and he'll give you
250 and the other banker will give you
250 to 200 thousand dollars salary
that's nothing you're gonna be so rich
and so Janet Yellen has now started on
that track Nomi you're probably right
you know the disparity with women and
men so maybe not two fifty she probably
got two hundred even though that's a
crime but do okay yeah okay and she's
getting lobster and Watson whatever else
was in that men yeah that sounded
delicious that's why I included it in
the graphic but no it's just crazy I
mean the revolving door of politics I
mean it makes our politicians and in
this case the head of the Federal
Reserve act in a certain way knowing hey
if I if I want a big payday after my job
here is over I need to play ball I'm not
gonna hold them accountable I mean the
whole purpose of the Federal Reserve is
completely irrelevant when you consider
you know the fact that they're just
doing favors for them so later on they
can give these speeches and get paid
hundreds of thousands of dollars just to
do so I mean look Bernanke and then
yelling afterwards and continuing that
process by the at the end of all this
started one and a half trillion what is
it a four and a half three trillion of
assets right yeah they have taken four
to half trillion dollars of junk from
the bank's I mean imagine if you came to
the banks if you came to the Federal
Reserve and you're like I got a car
that's worth nothing can you pay me a
million bucks for it
TIG laughs you're out of the room right
but that's what they did that's what
they did
I've got chunk here it's literally it's
in the title it's called toxic assets
and so then they just print more money I
believe that there will be a reckoning
one day because the Federal Reserve is
this crazy black box that nobody bothers
to look into because it helps the rich
maintain their wealth and it and
unfortunately has created a bit of a
pyramid scheme for the world economy so
at some point if something goes wrong at
the Federal Reserve and we can't just
keep printing money for example out of
control inflation well then we're all in
a world of trouble
cuz I interviewed Ray Dalio he runs the
top hedge fund in the world and he said
the same thing then we would be out of
bullets and we wouldn't have anything
left to fix the economy with
and the devastation of that worldwide
cannot be overstated they're playing
with fire they're taking all the money
home now but later we're all going to be
incredibly screwed what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you can
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get it completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm / join
