all right well the Young Turks JQ
Granicus pairing with you guys every day
feels like ground how is they I'm back
and we're back at Cavanaugh Susan
Collins Trump and the list goes on but I
do need you guys to panic because there
is only 28 days left before the election
to which my grandmother would say whoa
okay 28 days guys up and Adam you got to
go out there and register by the way t
y-t-dot-com slash register I'm going to
talk more about this on rebel
headquarters I the only again that that
link only leads you to a government
website where you can pick your own
state etc we just want to make it easy
for you guys because the URLs are
unmanageable so T y-t-dot-com slash
register to find out how to register
consume only a couple of days left in
most of the states okay
and in fact Taylor Swift spoke out about
that and we're gonna have that a little
bit later in the program but we got a
great rebel headquarters a great old
school I'm sorry lose on Wednesday
obviously postgame for you guys today
where I'll talk a little bit about my
New York New Jersey trip for those of
you who are members you should have
already received some Bitsy's some
behind the scenes about my hotel I ask
you guys a question
etc so T y-t-dot-com slash joined to
become a member we got to keep that
going guys membership drive Wow we got
to keep it going we got to keep it going
a little above thirty two thousand six
hundred as we speak now but we got it we
got to push forward and obviously if you
remember yet all parts of the show and
on last thing and then we'll do the
stories Election Day it's not just the
leg tonight Election Day we're going to
have about twelve hours of coverage live
throughout the entire day obviously a
great number of host guests etc here
internal-external but also on facebook
comm slash rebel HQ we are going to have
an extravaganza we're hoping to get a
lot of different candidates offices and
and other progressive outlets all in one
place for you guys so make sure you're
telling everybody about
including your right-wing friends if we
lose they'll they'll make videos out of
it if we win I suspect not as many smug
videos so all of that for you guys and
so alright Anna what's what's on tap
today alright well there was big news
over the weekend over the weekend the
Senate voted to confirm Brett Kavanaugh
as our newest Supreme Court justice and
Donald Trump wanted to make the rounds
media rounds to gloat about his
accomplishment and first person he
called was judge Jeanine Pirro on Fox
News and puerile asked him about the
moment that he decided to stop being so
nice to dr. Blasi Ford and mocker
during a rally in Mississippi now we're
gonna give you his answer to that just a
minute
but for those of you who might have
missed those comments during that
Mississippi rally here's what he said
what he's going through 36 years ago
this happened I had one beer right I had
one beer well you think it was it nope
there was one beer oh good how did you
get home I don't remember how'd you get
there I don't remember where is the
place I don't remember how many years
ago was it I don't know
I don't know
I don't know what neighborhood was it
and I don't know where's the house I
don't know upstairs Downstairs where was
I don't know but I had one beer that's
the only thing I remember so that was
the moment where he decided that he
wanted to attack doctor Blasi ford prior
to that he said that she was very much
credible and so what happened well let's
hear what he had to say when he called
into judge Jeanine Pirro show mr.
president you have a very uncanny
instinct you have a gut sense of things
and you were very disciplined after
Christine Ford came out and the left was
going wacky but there was one point
where you pivoted and rally in
Mississippi just a few days ago
well there were a lot of things
happening that weren't correct they
weren't true and there were a lot of
things that were left unsaid and I
thought I had to even the playing field
because it was very unfair to judge now
I can you know very nicely say Justice
Gavin or right right it was a very
unfair situation so I even the playing
field that once I did that it started to
sail through mmm okay so unfortunately I
have to say that this works
so the Jeanine Pirro calling the left
wacky is hilarious and Donald Trump
saying was I wade in his sail through no
it made even some of the Republicans
that wound up voting for it like flake
and Collins reconsider cuz it was such
an ugly attack and they had to denounce
that attack they wound up voting for
Kavanagh despite what Trump said not in
favor
not because of what Donald Trump said he
could have heard us cause significantly
by doing that and what drives me crazy
is that some people while they derived
what he said say well I mean he did make
a case persuasive case against was he
for what are you are you mental no he
didn't
none of those things were true she
remembers if it was upstairs or
downstairs she talked about going up the
stairs she's talked about running down
the stairs she remembers what year it
was okay so as usual is just filled with
lies so but why do I say it works
because the guy goes out there
this is one of the few things he does
right he just forcefully makes this case
over and over and over again and and he
establishes a beachhead and then
everybody's playing defense and this is
the anti Obama
I mean he's anti Obama and that he has
no intellect he has no concern about
what's right or wrong but he's also a
idea Obama in making his case Obama
would whisper whisper about the things
that he did whereas this guy goes out
there and lays down a hammer and look
he's got his fawning price like Jeanine
Pirro out there to kissing his ass left
and right during that interview right
but for his crowd it definitely rallies
them and and at least he puts as george
w bush's say catapults the propaganda
and and the democrats are as usual you
know a whimper here and a whisper there
and and barely any fight back you know
this narrative of everything being so
unfair for Cavanaugh is something that I
have a hard time understanding so which
part was this unfair toward Cavanaugh
was the Sham FBI investigation the part
that was unfair to Cavanaugh was the
fact that Cavanaugh lied repeatedly
during that hearing unfair to Cavanaugh
was it unfair that despite everything
Cavanaugh still got confirmed to the
Supreme Court was that unfair to
Cavanaugh was it unfair to Cavanaugh
that everyone else seems to be held in a
much higher standard when it comes to
partisanship when it comes to decorum
when it comes to the way that they carry
themselves during these this hearing but
for some reason Cavanaugh can go on this
tirade a very partisan tirade and still
get confirmed to the Supreme Court was
that unfair to Cavanaugh was it unfair
to Cavanaugh that dr. Christine Blasi
Ford's life has been completely
destroyed in order to come out and share
with the public what she went through
but none of it really mattered and in
the end he got confirmed anyway was that
unfair to Cavanaugh I don't understand
this narrative of it's so unfair to
Cavanaugh he is the exact example of
privilege that gets talked about over
and over again where he can carry
himself in any way he chooses and he
still gets confirmed to the highest
court of the land well nobody in their
minds it is unfair
and look part of it is under I want to
say understandable but I do want to say
I like I get it if you think that he was
it wasn't him
and and Christine Bosley Ford in cahoots
for the Democrats just totally made it
up and and said okay and made up a story
that somehow holds after all these years
and and this all the details check out
right so if you're in that camp didn't
you'd say well he was gonna pass anyway
Anna and Jake and and they smeared him
on his way okay so we get it we
understand but that doesn't seem to
match the facts at all I guess that
doesn't that doesn't bother you I know
what people like Susan Collins are
hanging their hat on oh I'm sure it did
happen to her and I believe her in every
part of her testimony except when she
says she's a hundred percent certain
that it was Kavanagh that's the one
thing I choose not to believe because
it's convenient Trump is a monster he
doesn't care if it happened to her a
dozen didn't he's like what it's unfair
to point it out
why is she yapping about something where
you she he almost raped her but it was a
long time ago what's the big deal right
he he literally thinks it's no big deal
cuz he's pushed women up against the
wall grabbed her genitalia bragged about
it etc and he's like now now this is a
big thing but to answer Ana's question
yes so it took me a long time to realize
this because it is not my perspective
there are some folks in this country who
come at things from a point of privilege
and I'm not just talking about white
privilege and I think that's an over
broad term and if you're a poor person
in the middle of Nebraska you think I
don't know how much privilege etc but
there's some powerful folks in this
country we've had privilege for a long
long time
anything you even questioning their
privilege is so unfair right they should
have everything in the world plus you
should shut up about it yeah so that's
that's exactly what I meant when I
brought a privilege you know different
from white privilege it's it's
specifically wealth privilege right
where where you've been connected you
lived a certain type of lifestyle your
entire life things have been easier for
you you know you went to this private
school private prep school no one's ever
jindo before right you've gotten away
with so much your entire life and so you
finally get to this point where you're
in the national spotlight everyone's
paying attention to you and people are
questioning your fitness for again the
highest court of the land and for people
who might question whether or not you're
a legitimate candidate for that position
oh there's complete outrage how dare you
and that's the thing that sense of
entitlement that Cavanaugh has that
lawmakers have that drives me absolutely
crazy because at the end of the day
someone put their life on the line
multiple women have put their lives on
the line to share what they allegedly
experienced as a result of Bret
Cavanaugh's actions in the past they
received nothing out of this they didn't
even get any justice out of this right I
mean what this signal to people like me
at least is if you are ever victimized
by someone in a position of power shut
up do not go out there do not talk about
it because if you do the public will
ruin your life at the end of the day the
person who was treated unfairly was dr.
Christine Blasi Ford because nothing
came out of her coming coming forward
and sharing her story is so look I I
hope that's not the lesson and you never
know because if at some point other
information comes out I don't know what
happens then but it's gonna be an
absolute mess for them and in a lot of
ways it's already messed with for them
electrically cuz a lot of people feel
the way that you feel ana and think I'm
done with these guys and and that's who
they are and they and it I'm reminded
it's not to say that this is the same
thing it's it's apples and orange but
I'm reminded of the article that I read
about slavery a while back that I've
talked about on a couple of occasions
where the white propertied southerners
really believed that you were taking
their freedom away if you brought
freedom to other people mm-hmm they saw
no no that's my property and these
northern agitators are coming and try to
take my freedom away my freedom to own
other people and to whip them and to
kill them and to enslave them and to do
unspeakable things them
that's my freedom that's my privilege
how dare you
take that away from me and unfortunately
that is permeated to the powerful in
this country in a lot of ways now
luckily we're not in a situation where
people are doing that anymore obviously
but in the situation like this I went to
Georgetown Prep I went to Harvard the
guys thank you yeah I went to Yale I
went to all these places and and I'm
owed the job of Supreme Court justice I
was nominated and all the other
Republican men agree that I should be on
there and take away some of your rights
how dare you how dare you be unfair to
me and you could see that anger and
Cavan all you can see it in Lindsey
Graham you could see it in Donald Trump
and then of course woman like Jeanine
Pirro come and enable it and and I'm
sure she's awfully proud well I want to
go to a lighter part of the interaction
that Pierrot had with Trump this was a
quick story that we did on no filter and
I wanted to share it with the main show
audience as well so Donald Trump calls
in to Jeanine Pirro Spock's Show and
they had a little bit of an issue in the
very beginning of this interview
take a look mr. president thanks for
getting back to us being high okay so
let's go okay it's okay and you're on
there right now mr. president sir hi
that was amazing but if you know what
I'm sure that that short interaction
really resonated with Fox News's
audience considering the dominant
demographic that watches yeah a lot of
people go in like we're now on the phone
I don't know what's going on who's
speaking what's going on look it's a
little bit of a miscommunication it's
not the end of the world but it's just
funny it's just a little bit of fun but
as usual with Trump even when he's being
despicable he's a tiny bit entertaining
that's what the right-wing really likes
about him so the part I was actually
more amused by is when he said later in
the interview uh in Jenin you have
beautiful ratings beautiful ratings okay
everything goes everything boils down to
ratings television is it good is it not
good is the marketing good he thinks of
everything in terms of a reality show
yep and it's devastating because people
voted him into office thinking oh yeah
he's a smart savvy businessman he's
gonna run the country like a business
which by the way running the country
like a business is a bad idea to begin
with but no no he's not a smart savvy
businessman he's not running the country
like a business if anything he's running
the country as if it's a giant reality
show and it's a disaster well he's
running the country like it's a circus
yeah and if you're a clown that makes
sense that's all you've ever worked in
before and that's and so Jeanine Pirro
is a maniac have you ever watched her
show she comes on air and you and get
animated from time to time I do right
but she's screaming at the top of her
lungs from minute one
and that's just the way she talks she's
like I said what happened right
and so trouble we look at this and you
go that's a clown right yeah and trouble
accepting goes hey that's a clown that's
one of my people shares beautiful
ratings so anyone who kisses ass which
she does on a regular basis he almost
lives up there Trump absolutely good
that's it that's it this is like what
kim jeong-hoon
wrote me a beautiful letter and i fell
in love with him he literally said when
he fell in love that they fell in love
together him and kim jeong-hoon it
doesn't matter if your murderous
dictator or Bozo the Clown on Fox News
there's only one thing he needs for you
to kiss his ass and the minute you do
that good job Janeane good job I'm gonna
call it on a secure connection here okay
Jeanine Pirro strikes me as the type of
person who probably stockpiled fen-phen
when she found out that it was likely
gonna be banned by the federal
government you know I need the bed bed I
need the pen pen I feel like she's on
phen-fen on every single episode she is
on one I don't even know what fen-phen
is it
that diet pill that had you know people
that hike heart conditions after taking
it okay that been and it's an
interesting very we don't know for sure
okay it is speculation on my part you
know what and to be fair to judge judge
Jeanine Pirro God imagine if you were in
her courtroom like you're like all right
I'm gonna get some justice here it's
just that's my judge that's the judge
I'm more stable than she is and I'm on
trial okay anyway to be fair to judge
Jeanine Pirro she might have natural
fen-phen built in maybe alright one more
story before we go to break we can keep
this master so Donald Trump was
answering some questions from reporters
on Air Force One
and one of the big concerns after the
confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh as
a Supreme Court justice has been how
women in the country feel about all of
this now there were multiple accusations
regarding sexual assault lodged against
judge Kavanaugh and so is Donald Trump
at all concerned about women well here's
his answer how this is a moment for
young men across the country so it was a
scary moment what is your message today
across this country we're feeling
devastated feeling like the message
that's been sent that they're not being
I don't think they I think actually that
women
look can you look at the biggest fans
that I can tell you that the people that
hooked to me most of this relic in the
strongest of terms in his favor were
women we have a lot of women that are
extremely has tremendous number because
they're thinking of their sons I
thinking of their husbands and their
brothers their uncles and others so he
believes that women overall are much
more concerned about the well-being of
men and that they're not concerned about
themselves at all they're not concerned
that if they are ever sexually assaulted
by a man in a position of power that
they shouldn't speak out about it
because their lives will be ruined and
the person who is the alleged
perpetrator will then go on to be in the
highest court of the land no but but as
usual he can't help but be over-the-top
absurd women are tremendously happy
about really really you saw a poll where
women at large in the country were quote
tremendously happy about Cavanaugh being
confirmed no actual poll indicates that
not even close well who is he thinking
yeah probably people like judge any
Bureau he went on her show she is a
woman and she will say anything to cozy
up to Donald Trump so she says no you
did a great job is like a woman are
tremendously happy about Cavanaugh total
freaking clown as as always right so and
then but it's and they're they're the
ones that are strongest in their support
of Calvin and what are you gonna do with
a guy who's a habitual pathological liar
I mean what are you gonna correct the
record of no this is the same guy who
said that he beat Abraham Lincoln in a
poll there when there was no polls in
Abraham Lincoln's time I mean what are
you gonna do with a guy like this so of
course he's saying nonsensical things
but I could break it down further so
every guy should be nervous
no wait a minute first of all I think
I'm in a decent position to speak here I
wrote some bad things back when I was
younger and more and conservative and I
wanted to be more shocking and
politically incorrect etc so that was
used against me by the right
so if actually they do this hatchet job
all the time even though in my case I
didn't get caught I actually changed my
point of view decades ago and deleted
that stuff decades ago because I said
look that doesn't represent me but the
right wing used it as a hatchet job so
if anyone knows what a hatchet job is
it's me okay so no if but I did write
those things if you didn't attempt to
rape anyone unless you're a left winger
and the right wing is just gonna make up
stuff about you which they do all the
time I think that's why they assumed
they're Democrats do it too because
they're like we're filthy liars and
we'll live for political reasons and
destroy people's lives at the drop of a
hat we won't think twice about it so
they knew projection onto Democrats
progressives etc but if is he saying
that oh now you got to worry about your
sons if they try to rape someone now
it's gonna come back to them well I
think you should be worried about that
yeah if you try to rape someone and we
find out about it and they're going to
have one of the most powerful jobs in
the country yeah you should okay yeah I
hope we do find out about it and I you
should be worried in terms of making
things up really if you're a plumber or
you're a dentist somehow somebody is
gonna like something that you didn't do
and you're gonna find people that are
gonna testify to it and they're gonna
pass a polygraph test that I'm gonna
have credible testimony that stands up
to all the questions thrown at you all
those things are gonna come out of the
woodwork for two why right no they just
want to say no I'm Andy remember all
this stuff you did or all the stuff you
did these guys are gonna find trying to
find out about it when of course we just
want to cover it up right yeah and guys
sorry I don't one last thing about that
there are degrees for Christ's sake
we're not talking about what somebody
said in high school okay we're talking
about attempted rape and we set it on
day one we said well Manny you're gonna
go back to high school you better have a
high bar and it was a high bar it wasn't
like hey he did something stupid while
in high school we all did something
stupid in high school right and we've
said it a billion times with a but again
they turned aggressor into the victim
examined the victim into some sort of
you know hatchet person yeah and one of
the more
frustrating things that came out of this
so I was listening to this podcast
called left right and center and the
episode from last Friday featured a
Washington Post reporter someone who
considers herself a liberal I forget her
name at the moment sorry but she kept
talking about how this sets a pretty
dangerous precedent especially when
people start going back into your high
school years or your college years and
they start judging you by your actions
regarding drinking and partying whatever
no no but look everything has to be in
context right so yes I agree you set a
dangerous standard when you start going
into someone's high school experience or
college experience you start judging
them based on their drinking or their
partying but we did it in the context of
an individual who was lying over and
over again during this hearing so he was
minimize he brought that onto himself he
minimized his behavior in both high
school and college in the context of
this hearing to decipher whether or not
he committed alleged attempted rape
right so why did he lie so many times I
mean that brings his credibility into
question it's not like that it would
that was brought up out of nowhere that
was brought up because of his minimizing
of his behavior when he was younger but
nonetheless like if you look at the
statistics when it comes to rape
allegations the vast majority of those
rape allegations are not false there is
a tiny fraction tiny percentage that end
up being false so if you have not
committed any type of crime in the past
if you've never sexually assaulted
someone in the past you have nothing to
worry about
but they successfully fearmonger that's
what the Republican Party does with a
number of issues whether it's foreign
policy issues or issues like this
involving rape or attempted rape they'll
somehow convince people that the real
enemy here is the alleged victim yeah
and but finally coming back around to
his comments about women which grabbed
the most attention out of these
particular comments because he's been
talking about poor poor men poor men who
go to Ivy League schools and are
appointed to and confirm two Supreme
Court justices when will they ever get
power in this country I mean that's just
that's the standard shtick or become
president by the way that's the standard
shtick but in this case him going over
the top and going or the women loved it
go when you confirm a Supreme Court
justice that is accused of attempted
rape women love it they're deserters
dude they're the strongest advocates for
it and they're tremendously happy about
it
Oh for Christ's sake just buzz off right
just stop talking for a second you're
the most annoying person on the planet
definitely agree with you on that all
right we got to take a break when we
come back senator Susan Collins cries
about money and politics when it
negatively affects her we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT comm slash joined today in
the meantime enjoy this free safe
alright back on The Young Turks zero
divisor and the member comments this
mansion is worse than a Republican
vindication in these circumstances a
bitch well look I remember when just
Democrats ran a primary candidate
against Joe Manchin the establishment if
they notice at all how old how dare you
this is a Democrat and he votes with
Democrats in important times come again
how'd that work out okay we were right
and and people talk about like Oh next
time you should be primary he was
primary this time but the press has
always paid very little attention and
usually was counterproductive because
they love the establishment okay
Paul Sullivan says jank over the weekend
during a live stream you said it came
out that Cavanaugh did do everything he
was accused of the bar would be too low
even for the Republicans to allow it to
stand I find it interesting that you
think they've kept the bar anywhere in
sight at all did absolutely let it stand
well that is a good question it depends
of course on the severity right so if
there's a very good evidence that comes
out that Cavanaugh did in fact do it
yeah they'll probably let it stand but
if it's overwhelming evidence mark judge
flips and says yeah sorry we did it okay
me and Cavanaugh were in the room and we
did it to Kristine Blasi Ford would they
let that stand yes they would they would
they would in fact they will then turn
on mark judge and accuse him of being
bought off by George sorro's and the
Democrats and its political I guarantee
you it'll be character assassination
they they they know they have no
boundaries period well it's so far
they've certainly shown that we'll see I
mean but at that point remember it's an
impeachment proceedings it's not a
confirmation so you need a majority the
house but you need 67 senators so yeah
you could I mean flake will be gone by
them but you could get the likes of
flake or Collins to flip back but it
ain't gonna do you any good because
you're gonna have to get all the way to
Lindsey Graham to win that kind of an
impeachment proceedings so good luck to
us I hear you on that all right last one
is also in the member section eclectic
miscellanea rights and Susan Collins and
Geoff Leigh don't actually believe dr.
Blasio Ford is mistaken I bet they do
believe her they're just so corrupt in
so
to have another conservative on the
court that they don't give enough of a
dam to let it affect their vote they
just see Blasi Ford and other accusers
as collateral damage on the way to
takeover of the court that's right
and Susan Collins probably tells herself
pretty little lies but maybe not maybe
she's crave and maybe she looks in the
mirror and go haha I knew it they tried
to rape her but I don't care I just want
power but probably not probably the way
that it goes is she thinks yeah I mean I
mean how do we know how do we know maybe
it wasn't maybe it was it I got to vote
for him maybe it wasn't so it probably
wasn't I'm gonna vote for him okay and
why because she got 21 million dollars
in bribes to be pro-corporate he's the
most pro corporate candidate and he's
she's got all this pressure she's gonna
get primary by Republicans if she ever
does anything against Trump etc etc
right
and so she she'll tell herself any lie
she's got to do to tell her to get to
the position that she said but one other
thing that we're gonna relate to the
stories were about to do is now
theoretically she's pro-choice so she
shouldn't want this conservative a
justice Susan Gast Roe vs. Wade on the
court but that's why I say it's all on
the bribes if she doesn't care about
social issues at the end the day the
only thing she cares about is the money
Lebowski
yep the American oligarchs who didn't
get covered much during this whole
debacle they're the ones behind the
scenes pushing for or pushed for
Cavanaugh's confirmation and they got
what they want look your life doesn't
matter what matters to these politicians
is what these you know corporations want
what these corporate executives want and
and how much money they're gonna make in
their campaigns it's devastating
anyway okay by the way thank you to the
members who wrote that in and T
y-t-dot-com /join to become a member
super important to help build a home
progressives and we're gonna try to
deliver a progressive extravaganza for
you guys on election night in about 28
days so please help to make that happen
by joining today all right let's do it
money in politics has been a huge
problem in our political system
it undermines democracy it's something
that we've been arguing about here at
the Young Turks for quite some time now
but our politicians seem to love the
status quo they never challenge it it
appears they love money in politics
except when money in politics negatively
impacts them senator Susan Collins is a
prime example of that
now she voted in favor of Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme
Court and she was very well aware of
crowd PAC which is a political action
committee that raised money in an effort
to convince Collins to vote against
Brett Cavanaugh's confirmation now
anyone who contributed money to a crowd
PAC was basically helping to fund her
opponent if she voted in favor of
Kavanagh now of course she voted in
favor of Kat Cavanaugh and crowd PAC has
raised more than 3.5 million dollars for
whoever Collins opponent will be now
she's up for re-election in 2020 and she
was asked about all this during a
segment on 60 minutes now this is filled
with unbelievable hypocrisy yes we're
gonna break it down and I'm gonna rage a
little bit about it and tell you the
reality after we watch it first let's
look collecting funds for whoever your
opponent may be in 2020 and the deal was
that if you voted for Kavanagh then the
credit card pledges would be processed
if you voted against Kavanagh
they wouldn't process the credit card
numbers and something over two million
dollars was raised this is a classic
quid pro quo as defined in our bribery
laws they are asking me to perform an
official act and if I do not do what
they want two million plus dollars is
going to go to my opponent I think that
if our politics has come to the point
where people are trying to buy votes and
buy positions that we are in a very sad
place hilarious if people are trying to
buy votes
and by positions were in a very sad
place Susan Collins America would like
to say hello
Washington would like to meet you are
you kidding me so let me show you how
much Susan Collins has taken over the
course of her career let's go to
graphics six here yeah that's over 21
million dollars there Susan Collins has
raised and then spent on our on her own
behalf of political career the and races
that she is run okay so alright let's
get this right so you're telling me the
massive corporations and their PACs gave
you money what for their health because
of charity because you were doing such
great work in Maine and all the oil
companies and the defense contractors
and every other company that bribed you
didn't bribe you and they didn't care
about your votes at all I mean they were
saying have given it to them you know
the the local dentist but change their
minds and I said you know what let's do
charity for this politician is that oh
what a wonderful coincidence nobody
could have seen this coming
Susan Collins votes with our interests
every time but that's not a quid pro quo
that's not a sad place where people buy
your votes no no Susan cozzens I Got
News for you
you are the corruption you are we took
all that money and they didn't do it for
charity they did it for a return on
investment and the first time they gave
it to you it was a test
hey will she do anything we tell her the
second time they gave it to you was hey
that we got a nice return on investment
that's what corporations do they're not
in the charity business they're in the
profit making business they profited off
of your votes so they said hey that's a
good return on investment let me keep
giving to Susan Collins because she's
exactly the kind of corrupt politician
that we like to bribe so your whole
career is based on bribery and now you
turn around and say but wait a minute
these aren't big corporate interests
these aren't super PACs this is just
regular Americans getting involved in
politics unacceptable unacceptable
now all the son
she found that people are trying to buy
votes after getting 21 million dollars
in bribes
all of a sudden Susan Collins realizes
this is 'gambling in this establishment
and she's just shocked shocked about it
no it's incredible so I mean think about
it
under her logic okay corporations are
people who should have protected speech
and so their donations to her campaign
should be protected under the First
Amendment but American people were not
people right so if she does something
that we dislike and we fund something
that would help her opponent oh my god
this is quid pro quo this is bribery can
you believe this is horrible no but
guess what we're people too right so if
we're gonna have a corrupt political
system where money has more influence
than going to the polls and voting then
you better believe that we're gonna go
ahead and take advantage of it and help
fund your opponent now at the moment
there isn't an opponent and as I
mentioned she's not up for reelection
until 2020 but she's scared and they've
raised more than 3.5 million dollars
already for whoever's gonna run up a run
against her yes so let me make a bold
prediction in a sec but by the way this
the same complaint they have about Wolf
Pack they go hey Wolf Pack is to get
money out of politics get a convention
get an amendment and go above the head
of the Supreme Court you don't like
Kavanagh great you don't need a Supreme
Court constitutional amendment we're
done with it no more private financing
of Elections we're gonna end the bribery
completely wolf dash pack.com /join go
find out about it see if you want to
participate
now when Wolf Pack takes money from you
guys and it's all small doler
dollar donations and they spend fifty
thousand dollars in local state election
there people have heart attacks they're
like how could you do this to us I can't
believe you're spending money in
politics well then there's a great way
to end that get money out of politics
otherwise shut up about it sorry Susan
you take the bribes now all of a sudden
when real Americans donate to you all
donate against your boots me come on are
you really that look I gotta ask you I
mean are you that stupid no she's not
stupid no you're not no I
people have misunderstanding Susan
Collins is stupid I think she's
fundamentally corrupt she systematically
and systemically corrupt because she's
part of a system where she takes 21
million dollars and gives exactly what
those people want and then she turns
around and cries about this so here's a
prediction there's no way the
Republicans don't challenge that three
and a half million dollars you think
you're just gonna let it stand no
they're gonna go to court and try to
deny you guys the right and the ability
to give money so they're gonna make the
argument Anna just said that
corporations are human beings but you
are not people are not people in the
United States corporations though are
people they're gonna say that
corporation is since they are human
beings they have First Amendment rights
and we think speech money is not money
it's not property what is obviously
property no it's not property it's
actually speech that a human can say but
when you an actual human being give
money no you're not allowed to that's
not within the First Amendment you have
to shut up and not give five dollars or
ten dollars but corporations can give
anything they like I guarantee you that
they make that case and now with
Kavanagh in the Supreme Court
conveniently enough it'll go to the
Supreme Court and cabmen I should
obviously recuse himself this vote is
about him the money was about him my
guess is knowing that he has no scruples
no principles whatsoever he's like what
do I care I'm already on the Supreme
Court
you had your shot Hey and you didn't win
so I'm not gonna recuse myself and I'm
gonna say yeah of course illegal real
people giving money to repair guess
Republicans illegal corporations huge
billionaires giving money to Republicans
to serve them legal even if they don't
win that will definitely be the argument
that they make that ik okay well let's
talk about potential opponents yeah
senator Susan Collins could be facing an
opponent in the 2020 election that's
when she's up for re-election and the
reason why we're having a conversation
about this to begin with is because
senator Collins
in favor of Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation to the Supreme Court now
Susan Rice a former Obama aide tweeted
something that made it seem as though
she's considering running for Senate in
Maine and Collins did not like that
in fact she went on CNN and spoke to
Dana Bash about it and here's what she
had to say the political backlash I
don't have to tell you has been fierce
we you saw a tweet from Susan Rice
saying that maybe she would run the
Speaker of the House in Maine a
crowdfunding website has raged 2.6
million dollars for whomever your
opponent will be in 2020 as far as Susan
Rice is concerned her family has the
home in Maine but they don't she doesn't
live in the state of me everybody knows
that but the irony is back in 2009 when
she was nominated to be ambassador of
the UN she came to me even though I did
not know her back then at all and
pleaded with me to introduce her before
the committee just one quick
clarification
senator Collins has a home in DC where
she lives most of the time with her
husband just a little point that I
wanted to make before we move on to the
other you know accusations that she made
now look we don't know for sure if Susan
Rice is gonna run against her but what
she had said about Susan Rice coming to
her and begging for an endorsement when
she wanted to be ambassador to the UN is
complete and utter nonsense
in fact reporters did dig up some of
what susan collins had said and Janke i
want to quickly go to that video and
then i'll toss it over to you take a
look it is my privilege today to
introduce dr. Susan Rice the
president-elect nominee to be the next
United States ambassador to the United
Nations the people of Maine are proud of
what this remarkable woman has
accomplished in her distinguished career
of service to our nation and we take
special pride in her strong ties to our
state mr. chairman ranking member lugar
I can think of no better mess
- the convey to the United Nations and
no better messenger than dr. Susan Rice
I'm honored to present her to this
distinguished committee and I
enthusiastically endorsed her nomination
thank you thanks to all the members of
the committee well thank you very much
senator Collins what a wonderful
introduction remind me that if I am ever
in need of an introduction I want to put
in my reservation right now doesn't get
better than that
doesn't get better than that no my
favorite though was her now saying she
doesn't have she doesn't really live in
Maine not only did that video
overwhelmingly prove her deep
connections to Maine but also a susan
collins website it talked about UN
Ambassador Romney's deep roots in Maine
that's Susan Collins words and here's
another quote from the website dr.
Rice's ties to our great state are the
foundation of her character mm-hmm not
only is she from Maine it's a very
foundation of her character that she's
from Maine yeah guess what they did with
those quotes from the website scrub
scrub a dub dub they immediately deleted
all that from the website no but this is
what this is what I love about our
lawmakers right like once it's out there
on the internet it exists forever right
screenshots exist that lovely video that
we just shared with all of you that
exists like you can't wipe that from the
record right just because you cleaned it
you know off of your website doesn't
mean it doesn't exist anymore I just
love it yeah but to be fair to them
they're incredibly old so it's possible
they don't know what the internet is I
mean I remember the famous speech where
senator Ted Stevens was like it is a
series of tubes okay not really so no
they keep making the same mistake like I
think in the old days when they first
came up as politicians it was incredibly
hard to find tape of them saying
something at a rap
you know when they were on TV I don't
think they caught on to everything's on
tape it's on the internet right and so
they just and they're by instinct liars
and they lie all the time Susan Collins
a deep liar she oh I can't believe
anybody gives money to politicians did I
get 21 million nose and then expects
them to vote their away me what would
the people who gave me 21 million I
would never write and they should that
little smug elitist laugh she has like
she's not even from me
oh please okay so now two more things
about this though one is I did not
appreciate her trumpian flair there hmm
when she's like she pleaded with me to
give her an intranet right yes I noticed
that too I feel like man it's it's a
little disastrous how much his rhetoric
is rubbing off on everyone else members
of the media other lawmakers that's not
okay yeah and so look Susan Rice she's
fine
do I think she should definitely be the
candidate no I don't think that I think
there should be a primary so that's
point number two there
the Democrats are now salivating at the
mouth of that to get at the three and a
half million dollars so the minute that
you guys you guys real people raise that
money they're like hmm establish him is
gonna get that right oh hold on hold on
hold on
nobody died it made Susan Rice the
Democratic nominee in Maine so that I
hope will be a spirited contest okay
absolutely and I would want to give it
to someone who's a real progressive who
then later isn't going to pull all this
moderate crap that Democrats that
Republicans do whenever there's taxes
for the rich right so that's that's
exactly what we're trying to get rid of
in Maine so I don't know what Susan Rice
is gonna do but this line of attack
against Susan Rice is ridiculous that
somehow she's not from Maine when you
are the one person who went nuts over
how much he's from Maine right and and
this whole thing about how she pleaded
with you know she asked you can you do
the intro cos were from the same state
you did you did a nice
intro you could have left it at that and
you know what you could do you could be
honest for the first time in your life
and went in if he turns out you're
running yes so so I see and say hey you
know what look III know that I don't
live in Maine and she doesn't live in
Maine and we're both elitist politicians
but hey you know what and I gave her a
nice intro she has some nice thanks but
we disagree we disagree here's what I'm
gonna fight for here's what she's gonna
fight for and so you should vote for me
I know for a politician that's
unacceptable you have to do a character
attack immediately you have to do stupid
attacks about where people live when you
have no leg to stand on whatsoever etc
so she goes low immediately and remember
why the establishment loved Susan
Collins in the first place she's above
it she's bipartisan so I shoot him
whenever there's a tax cut for the rich
she votes for it she's so bipartisan
right and she doesn't get in the gutter
all of a sudden she's in the gutter with
Trump talking but oh she was pleading
with me to give the speech she all do
what was missing was this like some sort
of trumpian hand motion while she was
saying it so her attacks against Susan
Rice in this context are nonsense
and Democratic establishment that's not
your money that was given by a lot of
hardworking Americans to find a
progressive in Maine who's actually
gonna vote as a progressive and not like
Susan Collins let's take a break when we
come back Mitch McConnell gets called
out about his own hypocrisy it was a
pretty fantastic exchange we'll have
that and more when we were yeah just one
more thing cuz remembered I'm not done
with Susan Collins yet oh okay so uh
yeah I'm on the warpath heard talk about
money in politics is a as obviously what
enraged me but speaking of money she
received some money from pro-choice
groups I want to talk about that when we
come back so oops is the theme but the
details are important we'll do that when
we return
