I want to talk about this story of at
amazon.com a guy went undercover an
author went undercover and he found out
that the warehouse workers in the UK
peed in bottles over fears of being
punished for taking a break now I peed
in a bottle before and but that was on a
long trip I was driving to Fort Dodge
Iowa and I was trying to make good time
and but I wasn't forced to I wasn't
gonna get a demerit if I pulled over and
went to the ER you weren't gonna get
your livelihood stripped away right so
it's it's kind of bad so Amazon as you
know is owned by the richest person in
the history of the world his name is
Jeff Bezos and he's roughly at any given
moment he's worth between a hundred and
one hundred and twenty five billion
dollars now let's read we put this into
perspective it costs twenty billion
dollars to end homelessness in the
United States it's caused thirty billion
dollars to end world hunger he could do
both of those things and still have
about seventy billion dollars left over
and yet he doesn't in fact he doesn't
even pay his workers a living wage so
what kind of a person of mass is more
wealth than any other human being in the
history of the world why the people who
generate that income for him have to pee
into bottles and don't make a living
wage a megalomaniac that's who does that
and that's who Jeff Bezos is the guy
literally looks like dr. evil okay so
let me get into this article a little
bit too just to show you how bad it is
can you believe there's still more
stories about this there's ever seemed
like every week there's another story
about Amazon employees there was that
one recently about the delivery guy
delivery guys yeah and they had no time
to think about bathroom break so they're
going yeah number one and number two all
over the place all over the place yes
unbelievable I know but I just remember
going to a chain restaurant and we would
go to it and you know have lunch there
and the manager would come and talk to
me and she told me how oh yeah these
employees we have to now have them ask
permission to use the restroom and I
stopped going there yeah we stopped
going there because of that really
you're gonna have I don't care if
they're teenagers and it's there
first job or there's an adult who's
working there you have to ask permission
that it that's gross that's unacceptable
professionally for that to happen right
it's worse than you think which is why
I'm gonna show because we keep every
week there's another article like this
and I remember the article about how
Jeff Bezos instead instead of
airconditioning his warehouse what he
would do is have an have an ambulance
sit outside and take employees who
passed out to the emergency room because
that was actually cheaper than air
conditioner blitz capitalism success
story baby this is how capitalism sink
this is a success Jeff Bezos and Amazon
is the success story of all time and
this is what predatory capitalism looks
like this is what capitalism looks like
the author James Bloodworth went
undercover at an Amazon warehouse in
status Shire UK for a book on low wages
in Britain he found that the warehouses
fulfillment workers who run around
Amazon's massive warehouses Gathering
products for delivery had a quote toilet
bottle and quote system in place because
the bathrooms were too sparse to get to
quickly for those of us who worked on
the top floor the closest toilets were
down four flights of stairs Bloodworth
told the Sun people just peed in bottles
because they lived in fear of being
disciplined over idle time and losing
their jobs just because they needed to
go to the loo Amazon is known to track
how fast its warehouse workers can pick
and package items from its shelves
imposing strictly time breaks and
targets it issues warning points for
those who don't meet its goals and who
take extended breaks a separate survey
found almost three-quarters of the UK
fulfillment center staff members were
afraid of using the toilet because of
time concerns the survey anonymously
quoted one person is saying target said
quote increased dramatically and I do
not drink water because I do not have
time to go to the toilet you have to
pack two products per minute
you do not have time to drink water
because you go to the toilet after every
evening sends message it after every
evening sends messages to the scanner
with the target and tells you to hurry
again it's is it worse than you thought
is it is that are we are we getting say
is this the new normal now for workers
in the world because this is in the UK
happening over and yes not just in the
United States so there's a little bit
more to this and it gets even worse ok
another employee said she was ill while
pregnant and she was still given a
warning and yet another said I turned up
for my shift even though I felt like
 managed two hours then I just could
not do it anymore
told my supervisor and was signed off
sick I had a gastric bug sickness and
diarrhea very bad saw my doctor got a
sick note with an exclamation but I
still got a strike again Jeff Bezos put
out a tweet last year saying that he was
now turning his attention towards
philanthropy and if anybody had any
ideas my idea was like yeah here's an
idea why don't you pay your workers a
living wage no charity necessary
megalomaniac of course they didn't
respond cuz he was too busy making two
hundred and thirty six thousand dollars
a minute so do you think unions would
help Amazon and why do you think it's so
hard for us to get them unionized in
many ways I think we've gone backwards
in time you know reading I mean hearing
Dickens yes the guns Ian right mhm and I
felt like I was reading a chapter of
Upton Sinclair's the jungle right this
is we're going back and is you know it's
deregulation it's the winner-take-all
mentality yeah and and this is
absolutely what a union has to be in
place to fight for for the war price of
these workers it's it shocks the
conscience and you know I'm an Amazon
shopper and I feel terrible when I hear
these kind of stories you know but it's
a very convenient way of shopping is
cheaper than going through a store
sometimes I can't find anywhere else
right so would I pay more if Amazon had
better wages for their for their
employees I would I would gladly pay
more so this is I I can't believe this
is happening
in 21st century in 20 and 2018 in a
modern Western democracy like the United
States and the UK this is the stuff that
you hear about like China and Vietnam
and and Bangladesh but but not here but
you know I think this mentality kind of
goes back to I think Jeff Immelt did
this a GE you had a policy of basically
kind of ranking all the workers and
firing its bottom 1000 I know that
system yeah so that system breeds this
kind of being right so if you don't want
to lose your job I mean it creates a cop
like a cutthroat mentality and I miss
fear at work because I don't want the
top bottom 10% so if I don't go to the
bathroom I'm gonna make sure that other
people also go to bathroom or whatever
right it just it's not a collaborative
productive atmosphere it's a very
cutthroat atmosphere and I guess if you
don't give a crap about your workers
this is what you put them through you
put them through the wringer and you
chop off the bottom 10% and you
replenish them with with new workers
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
