Donald Trump tweeted today he's mad
about the sanctuary cities why he saw it
on Fox News of course so you know
California is very very progressive
overall but it has pockets that are
conservative of course Alabama has
pockets that are liberal and and so a
bunch of cities and counties and about
12 areas overall have sided with Trump
in the federal government as opposed to
the California state government in Jerry
Brown and say they don't want the
sanctuary cities and they they welcome
Trump suing the state of California
including places like San Diego and
Orange County so anyways so the five
star my that non-stop so Trump besides
is gonna tweet about it and he tweets
there's a revolution going on in
California so many sanctuary areas want
out of this ridiculous crime-infested
and breeding concept Jerry Brown is
trying to back out of the National Guard
at the border but the people of the
state are not happy what security and
safety now okay no first of all the
overwhelming majority people in the
state are happy with it
there are a minority who are not that's
fine you could back those guys that's
okay but it's not true the majority the
state is not happy with it they're very
very happy with it okay but the the
tweet first of all he says so many
sanctuaries with how many O's one two
three four are you the President of the
United States or are you a child if
Obama had written in a tweet so many
people like me or whatever people what
does what what happened was its losses
he's embarrassing yeah okay so that's
number one number two he catalyzes
sanctuary in the middle of the sentence
yeah why why can't why is that and not
capitalize areas or many why is it
capitalized okay then out is all caps I
get to all caps he's trying to emphasize
it again it's childish no other
politician almost no other national
politician let alone and president would
do something like that but we're I guess
we're used to it in all caps is to me
not as bad as the
andum capitalizing of a word like hey no
okay some things those sentences I'm
sure he's not a proper noun its but he
doesn't know anything there's no
anything you need to watch that
docu-series because it gave me a
different perspective on Trump that also
makes me question like my story
selection a little more because so I'll
give you some context so back in the day
when Trump was about to go bankrupt was
in an insane amount of debt like he was
being covered by everyone in the media
and and people were curious about the
debt you know he was pretending like it
didn't exist he was pretending like he
wasn't about to go bankrupt you know
when it came to the Atlantic City Hotel
and all that other stuff casino and he
noticed that the media is hyper focused
on his financial drama and at that time
he realized that he could successfully
distract the media with allegations that
he was cheating on Ivana with Marla
maples Wow and so every time the media
started focusing back on his financial
issues he would call the press
pretending to be other people right he's
such a fool he would bring Marla maples
by the way he's still with Ivana they're
still married he would show up or he
would invite Marla maples at at events
that they were at right well Christian
right you must be so proud
well there are obviously hypocrites and
we know that but at least the ones that
support him and and have voted for him
but look his tweets are unhinged and
they're crazy but I'm beginning to feel
like he's writing in that way you know
with the random capitalizations and
stuff like that because people focus on
it right and so no no no way no way so
look I you know how much of a fool I
think Trump is but I'm the most
reasonable man in America and I'm the
fairest bandit okay everybody knows this
everyone Kay and if I were gonna put it
in a tweet I would capitalize fair for
no reason so I give the devil his due he
is good at a couple of things one is he
sort of spotlight and it's annoying and
it's shameless and it's self-promotion
etc but he is great at getting attention
they another thing that he's good at is
he's pretty good at reading a room so as
I told you in the campaign he a be
tested all of his messages since he has
no moral Center and no principles or
philosophy he just looks at the crowd
and he says two different things and
whatever they respond to more he goes
with that policy he could have easily
been a Democrat and done on these weird
monstrous things but but he realized he
can't get elected in the Democratic
Party but the Republicans are foolish
enough that you could trick him into
anything and and he did so I'll give the
devil his due on that stuff so he was
savvy in that regard
okay in everything else I've studied
this man - no N there is no plan there
is no strategy there is no oh but if I
capitalize the S people will focus on
that
no he just wrote it he doesn't know it's
not supposed to be capitalized yeah look
maybe you're right about the tweets but
I will say he does understand the art of
distracting people with salacious stuff
so they're not focused on things that
you don't want them focus no no I hear
you last thing is the only serious part
of this tweet and there is something
important here when referring to the
immigrants II said crime-infested and a
breeding concept so this is the usual
fear-mongering you do to get people to
hate someone else
they're bringing in their dirty they're
bringing in crime and then they're
constantly breeding reminds they're the
camp of the saints the terrible
hideously racist book that is like the
Bible for the halt rights Yap Bannon and
and all these guys constantly talk about
it and in that book they're constantly
breeding and dirty and committing crimes
I don't know what breeding concept means
that doesn't mean anything but basically
he's just trying to say you know how
Latinos are yeah always having sex and
it's such a bad guy and he look I made
this point earlier and I'll say it again
it's that's rich coming from a man who
has children from three different women
