the National Priorities project came up
with some stunning numbers they crunched
the the numbers and did some good math
on our budget in America and I think
that it's important for you to get this
context so Jake Johnson a common dreams
writes about it they explain the average
taxpayer contributed three thousand four
hundred and fifty six dollars to the
military in 2017
that's according to Lindsay coach garyun
compared to eighty dollars that went to
welfare programs and just thirty nine
dollars to the Environmental Protection
Agency so there's two layers to that
what is look at the difference in order
to protect our air our water makes sure
we don't get poisoned thirty-nine bucks
in order to wage wars and nobody's
attacking you somebody in Syria attacked
us we're attacking their Yemen and list
goes on and on right we got attacked all
the way back in 2001 and now it's twenty
eighteen seventeen years later that war
is endless the people that originally
attacked us are long gone now there's
new group after new group because of all
the new aggressive wars that we've
started in order to pay for those Wars
each one of us that's the second
stunning part each one of us on average
is giving three thousand four hundred
and fifty six dollars to the Defense
Department most of it or a lot of it go
to military contractors did you agree to
that are you happy with that you want to
take three thousand four hundred fifty
six dollars of your hard-earned money
and spend it on defense and only thirty
nine bucks to protect the environment
make sure your kids are safe
that's his sanity let alone the eighty
dollars to welfare and the list goes on
all right analysis published last month
national priorities estimated that
twenty three point eight cents of every
dollar in taxes paid in 2017 went to
Pentagon and military spending so take a
look at your own taxes twenty four
percent of it just take it and give it
to military contractors Jesus Christ
meanwhile eleven cents goes to the
military contractors alone so yes the
Defense Department also spends money on
employees on the troops on a couple of
other areas obvi
and hence they hide behind the fact that
they support the troops support the
troops but do you know that troops that
start in at the ground level often get
paid $19,000 a year the money isn't
going to them in in mass no 11 cents of
every dollar that you send in on your
taxes 11 percent of all the tax that you
pay goes straight to defense contractors
pockets Lockheed Martin Boeing and
Northrop Grumman and Raytheon and all
those guys this is what corruption looks
like it isn't decorum called protect us
it isn't for our defense it's because
those guys again legally bribe our
politicians they give them money
campaign contributions independent
expenditures and yes jobs after they
retire they also give the generals jobs
after they retire and lo and behold they
get billions of dollars taken out of our
pockets and right into theirs Paul
Kawika Martin for peace action says
Congress appropriates more for US
military spending than the next eight
countries combined but year after year
refuses to adequately invest in access
to quality education and health care for
millions of Americans infrastructure
spending and alternative energy so every
time they tell you oh there's nothing we
could do we can't afford it we can't
afford it and if you try to get kids a
college education like Bernie Sanders
proposed oh so impractical that is a
minuscule percentage of the Defense
Department budget
it's a minuscule percentage of what we
send straight into military contractors
pockets but for those priorities for
your priorities can't afford it well
every time you hear you can't afford it
understand that it's a lie they can
afford the tax cuts one point nine
trillion dollar hole in the deficit they
can afford endless money going to
military military contractors but when
it comes to protecting your environment
or your kids or your health all of a
sudden they can't afford it last fact
for you guys again Lizzie co-star Ian
for National Priorities saying a ten
percent cut in spending on military
contractors would provide enough money
to hire three hundred and ninety
5000 elementary school teachers or
provide health insurance for 13 million
children that's not all defense spending
that's just 10% of the money going
specifically to military contractors so
a tiny sliver of the defense budget
would pay for 395 thousand teachers and
you got teacher strikes all across the
country because they're not getting pay
raises their health insurance is going
up the inflation is going up our
teachers are suffering and we won't even
cut 10% of the money going to military
contractors that's what our priorities
are because our politicians are
fundamentally corrupt regain democracy
wolf dash pack.com /go we'll put the
link down below get involved volunteer
donate we'll do whatever you're gonna do
but fight back against the system
because they don't care about us we got
to get our government back young turks
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
Qi tea network.com / joy
