TYT mascius with another story of
unfortunately political corruption and
and where the money is actually headed
now the younger audience created this
reporting team and I love that they're
working on the corruption beat and and
showing you what of course a lot of the
mainstream media doesn't because a lot
of them that money goes straight to
television advertising that's why you
almost never see these stories on
television so let's tell you about a
couple of different people that Alex
Koch tracked for TYT investigates and
groups so Koch Industries the giant
industrial conglomerate owned by the
billionaire GOP mega donors Charles and
David Koch shelled out six hundred
thousand dollars in 2018 s first quarter
to three Republican spending groups two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
the Republican Governors Association two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
the Republican Attorney General's
Association and one hundred thousand
dollars to the Republican State
Leadership Committee which spends money
on state-level campaigns including
legislative and Supreme Court races so
now we know that the Koch brothers are
gonna spend hundreds of millions of
dollars in the 2018 election we know
they already spent thirty million
dollars to support the tax cuts and that
bill that the Republicans passed but
every quarter we should track these
groups to see what they're up to I think
it's particularly relevant to they're
given to a Republican attorneys general
Association there's good reason for that
and and again TV doesn't pay much
attention to this because a lot of the
that money goes into those into their
own coffers but it's important to point
this out consistently so Koch explains
is one of the nation's biggest polluters
Koch Industries makes more money when
environmental regulations are kept to a
minimum the company is racked up roughly
seven hundred and thirty seven million
dollars in fines for a slew of
environmental discrimination workplace
safety and other violations since 2000
now if you didn't want those fines well
the Republicans say that they're gonna
be regulating things so then it becomes
less of a problem if
you pollute because there's not as much
regulation on pollution if you've
already done things that are wrong or
illegal well a Republican Attorney
General is less likely to prosecute you
if you gave them a lot of money and
every quarter they give them tons and
tons of money and all the money that the
Koch brothers give now look they got
literally billions of dollars in tax
cuts well you talk about this state a
state tax cuts that's tens of billions
of dollars in cuts that the Koch family
got overall so that's already well worth
their investment in the Republican Party
but on top of that don't forget these
guys are record-breaking polluters they
paid 737 millions of million dollars in
fines
those are things they had to admit to
that the damage done was greater than
that that's what they were willing to
settle for so if they can get rid of
those hundreds of millions of dollars in
fines the millions of dollars they give
to the Republicans will be well worth it
this is how they buy our government and
you shouldn't forget that I'm going to
keep on reminding everybody at home so
they're not alone the NRA as Conch
points out an extreme partisan force in
politics that has been subject to
boycotts and consternation since the
massacre at parkland Florida high school
gave $60,000 the Republican Governors
Association and $25,000 to the
Republican attorneys general Association
and this year's first quarter so similar
motivations and what do they do if they
simply buy our government 93% of
Americans want a federal background
check 93% of Americans cannot get what
they want in his so-called democracy why
because of this because they keep giving
money to politicians and the politicians
go I don't care how many voters wanted
these are the guys who paid me because
we do private financing of Elections so
I'm going to serve private interests
Koch brothers NRA and also this during
that same time period the largest
private prison company in the US geo
group donated $25,000 to the Republican
Governors Association core civic founded
by a former Tennessee Republican Party
Herman and now the country's
second-largest private prison company
gave $96,000 the Republican Governors
Association and $25,000 to the
Republican State Leadership Committee it
also pitched in $50,000 to the
Democratic Governors Association because
they work at the state level so whether
you're a Republican or a Democratic
governor they need to bribe you either
way and know all these bribes are legal
because in our system you just walk up
and give money to a politician and that
you just take it for their campaigns and
congratulations you bought them it's an
auction not a democracy
so look our job is to point out
corruption wherever it is and there is
plenty in the Democratic Party but when
it comes to private prisons the NRA and
the Koch brothers they largely legally
bribe the Republicans why the
Republicans are super happy to serve
them they are better errand boys than
the Democrats but yes as you see with
the private prisons they also your money
to the Democrats and very often the
Democrats also are very happy to serve
their donors this is the insane system
we have in America if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
show every day
