Senator Susan Collins could be facing an
opponent in the 2020 election that's
when she's up for re-election and the
reason why we're having a conversation
about this to begin with is because
senator Collins voted in favor of Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme
Court
now Susan Rice a former Obama aide
tweeted something that made it seem as
though she's considering running for
Senate in Maine and Collins did not like
that
in fact she went on CNN and spoke to
Dana Bash about it and here's what she
had to say the political backlash I
don't have to tell you has been fierce
we you saw a tweet from Susan Rice
saying that maybe she would run the
Speaker of the House in Maine a
crowdfunding website has raged 2.6
million dollars for whomever your
opponent will be in 2020 as far as Susan
Rice's concern her family has the home
in Maine but they don't she doesn't live
in the state of Maine
everybody knows that but the irony is
back in 2009 when she was nominated to
be ambassador of the UN she came to me
even though I did not know her back then
at all and pleaded with me to introduce
her before the committee just one quick
clarification
senator Collins has a home in DC where
she lives most of the time with her
husband just a little point that I
wanted to make before we move on to the
other you know accusations that she made
now look we don't know for sure if Susan
Rice is gonna run against her but what
she had said about Susan Rice coming to
her and begging for an endorsement when
she wanted to be ambassador to the UN is
complete and utter nonsense
in fact reporters did dig up some of
what susan collins had said and Janke i
want to quickly go to that video and
then I'll toss it over to you take a
look it is my privilege today to
introduce dr. Susan Rice the
president-elect nominee to be the next
United States ambassador to the United
Nations the people of Maine are proud of
what this remarkable woman has
accomplished in her distinguished career
of service to our nation and we takes
special pride in her strong ties to our
state mr. chairman ranking member lugar
I can think of no better message to the
convey to the United Nations and no
better messenger than dr. Susan Rice I'm
honored to present her to this
distinguished committee and I
enthusiastically endorsed her nomination
thank you thanks to all the members of
the committee well thank you very much
senator Collins what a wonderful
introduction remind me that if I am ever
in need of an introduction I want to put
in my reservation right now doesn't get
better than that
doesn't get better than that no my
favorite though was her now saying she
doesn't have she doesn't really live in
Maine not only did that video
overwhelmingly prove her deep
connections to Maine but also a susan
collins website it talked about UN
Ambassador Romney's deep roots in Maine
that's Susan Collins words and here's
another quote from the website dr.
Rice's ties to our great state are the
foundation of her character mm-hmm not
only is she from Maine it's a very
foundation of her character that she's
from Maine yeah guess what they did with
those quotes from the website scrub
scrub a dub dub they immediately deleted
all that from the website no but this is
what this is what I love about our
lawmakers right like once it's out there
on the internet it exists forever right
screenshots exist that lovely video that
we just shared with all of you that
exists like you can't wipe that from the
record right just because you cleaned it
you know off of your website doesn't
mean it doesn't exist anymore I just
love it yeah but to be fair to them
they're incredibly old so it's possible
they don't know what the internet is I
mean I remember the famous speech where
senator Ted Stevens was like it is a
series of tubes okay not really
so no they keep making the same mistake
like I think in the old days when they
first came up as politicians it was
incredibly hard to find tape of them
saying something at a rally or did you
know when they were on TV I don't think
they caught on to everything's on tape
it's on the Internet
right and so they just and they're by
instinct liars and they lie all the time
Susan Collins a deep liar she oh I can't
believe anybody gives money to
politicians did I get 21 million notes
and then expects them to vote their way
me but what the people gave me 21
million I would never write and they
should that little smug elitist laugh
she has like she's not even from me
oh please okay so now two more things
about this though one is I did not
appreciate her trumpian flair there hmm
when she's like she pleaded with me to
give her an intranet right yes I noticed
that too I feel like man it's it's a
little disastrous how much his rhetoric
is rubbing off on everyone else members
of the media other lawmakers that's not
okay yeah and so look Susan Rice she's
fine
do I think she should definitely be the
candidate no I don't think that I think
there should be a primary so that's
point number two there the Democrats are
now salivating at the mouth of that to
get at the three and a half million
dollars so the minute that you guys you
guys real people raise that money
they're like hmm
establish him is gonna get that right Oh
hold on hold on hold on nobody died it
made Susan Rice the Democratic nominee
in Maine so that I hope will be a
spirited contest okay absolutely and I
would want to give it to someone who's a
real progressive who then later isn't
going to pull all this moderate crap
that Democrats that Republicans do
whenever there's taxes for the rich
right so that's that's exactly what
we're trying to get rid of in Maine so I
don't know what Susan Rice is gonna do
but this line of attack against Susan
Rice is ridiculous that somehow she's
not from Maine when you are the one
person
went nuts over how much he's from Maine
right and and this whole thing about how
she pleaded with you know she asked you
can you do the intro cos were from the
same state you did you did a nice intro
you could have left it at that and you
know what you could do you could be
honest for the first time in your life I
went in if he turns out you're running
yes Susan Rice and say hey you know what
look III know that I don't live in Maine
and she doesn't live in Maine and we're
both elitist politicians but hey you
know what and I gave her a nice intro
she has some nice thanks but we disagree
but we disagree here's what I'm gonna
fight for here's what she's gonna fight
for and so you should vote for me I know
for a politician that's unacceptable
you have to do a character attack
immediately you have to do stupid
attacks about where people live when you
have no leg to stand on whatsoever etc
so she goes low immediately and remember
why the establishment loved Susan
Collins in the first place
she's above it she's bipartisan so I
shoot him whenever there's a tax cut for
the rich she votes for it
she's so bipartisan right and she
doesn't get in the gutter all of a
sudden she's in the gutter with Trump
talking abut oh she was pleading with me
to give to speech she all do what was
missing was this like some sort of
trumpian hand motion while she was
saying it so her attacks against Susan
Rice in this context are nonsense and
Democratic establishment that's not your
money that was given by a lot of
hardworking Americans to find a
progressive in Maine who's actually
going to vote as a progressive and not
like Susan Collins on the go don't worry
we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
