so CNN is now reporting that there are a
whole heap of senators that are not
interested in Donald Trump running for
re-election now I'm gonna show you a
compilation that we put together in a
second and you're gonna love it
first let me give you the reporting from
mana Raju here a wide array of houses
Senate Republicans are not yet ready to
nurse president Donald Trump's bid for a
second term a reflection of the deep
uncertainty on Capitol Hill over his
political standing amid growing problems
at home and abroad plus he's a maniac so
they're like oh I don't know if this is
gonna work out God knows if he's gonna
get arrested indicted whatever else
might happen impeached but beyond that
their poll numbers are a disaster so
they're in a no-win situation I'm gonna
show you those polls in a minute as well
to give you a sense of why they're so
equivocal but understand how
unprecedented this is when you ask the
the senators and congressmen of that
party about their sitting president know
yeah I don't know man I've never seen
that if you had asked the Democrats
under Obama they would have been like
what do you mean - I support Obama in
his reelection
of course they would have said that day
one they would have said it on year one
year two year three wasn't a matter it
wouldn't even been close and even as
much of a disaster as george w bush's no
republicans wavered on his reelection in
2004 all right now more details in
interviews with a cross-section of more
than two dozen GOP lawmakers and that's
a lot ranging from rank-and-file members
conservatives and party leaders many
refused to say they'd back trump's
reelection bid a surprise declaration
given that members of Congress are
typically quick to endorse sitting
presidents of their own party without
hesitation
hardly any would offer a categorical
endorsement of the president that is
stunning I know we live in stunning
times but I've never seen a party back
away from a president that's
significantly good luck to Trump one
name so never never heard of him now
here's some fun quotes for you guys John
Cornyn now he's number two Republican in
the Senate how could the number two
Republican in the Senate not support the
Republican president he said I don't
know what the world is going to look
like in 2020
Wow he won't back him down the world
room just Trump still president is he in
prison I don't know what the world's
gonna look like in 2020 Wow he said but
let's say it's not something I've given
any thought to know senator Courtney
you've given a lot of thought to it and
that is you trying to backpedal out of
there before you have to say yeah of
course I'm not gonna support up look at
him he's a clown all right so my
favorite quote is from senator Lamar
Alexander he said look I'm focused on
opioids focused on taking them what do
you think in Donald Trump's I'm focused
on opioids okay I don't think that's an
opiate where's that Coke anyway so one
more quote before we get to the club
Roger reports and others said they were
still uncertain the president would
ultimately State for re-election even
though the White House didn't Trump
himself have repeatedly said that he
would do so as he's hired a campaign
manager has been raising money and
holding campaign rallies in anticipation
of 2020 unlike past presidents who are
waiting to announce their realization
bits Trump made clear immediately after
taking office that he's running again
god I love that they're like I'm John I
don't know that by the way one of the
most common quotes from all these
Republicans on another days running in
2020 I don't know that say no no I am
I'm running in 2020 I already named my
campaign manager I'm already raising
funds I'm already doing campaign rallies
I'm running like but I don't know that
he's running Oh Trump what name so okay
now our legendary producer jr. Jackson
put together this compilation hilarious
compilation of Republican legislators
trying to back out of the building when
asked if they would support Trump in
2020 will you back the President of the
United States Donald Trump the standard
bearer of your party in his reelection
bid I did not endorse the president for
the Republican nomination
yeah I'm listen I understand the kind of
guy you got your question you're
engaging here look I you know who knows
whether president Trump's either gonna
even gonna run so I'm gonna keep focused
on the problems at hand like the debt
and deficit look we're gonna burn time
we could be talking about other thing
well the world again I'm focused on on
working and doing what I do I have no
idea where the president runs free
election nor what the field will be on
the Republican side I think it's unusual
that members the me you would be talking
about the 2020 election in 2018 and I'm
not about to say who I was for for that
you know it's way too early
nobody's in 20 I haven't even thought
about that election I'm worried about
the midterm election again I think it is
far too early to make a judgement but
it's just way too early to even be
talking about it talk about what might
happen in you know at that time is is I
think premature it could be a completely
different world by 2020 we have a 2018
election first so I think it's way too
early to to weigh in on who one might
support if he runs for re-election are
you going to support him I I want to
know who else is in the field
well at least corker is more honest
about he's like no I might not support
him I want to see who else in the field
the other guys are like backpedal
backpedal I gotta get out of here the
most telling one was Ron Johnson's
calling it a gotcha question so
supporting you're the president of your
own party in his reelection bid is not a
gotcha question that normally would be
the easiest question in the world you'd
wonder why they're even asking it and
you would be a definitive 100% and
obvious yes call it a gotcha question
means all right you try to put me in a
situation where where if I support
Donald Trump I'm screwed and if I don't
support Donald Trump I'm screwed and
that in fact is exactly right so now let
me get to the polling one more quote
from congressman mark Sanford it's
always funny to say that back from the
Appalachian Trail he said I'm worried
about my own race right now exactly
they're all worried about their own race
right now what they see is this what
puts Republicans on Capitol Hill in an
awkward spot is the fact that Trump's
approval numbers remain rock-solid among
core GOP voters standing at 85% among
Republicans in a recent Quinnipiac poll
so if they back away from the president
say they're not going to support him
their base will be furious they could
get primary to lose the primary or their
voters stay at home get discouraged so
that's a definite lose well how about
when they go up for a general election
but if they side too closely with Trump
Roger explains they risk alienating the
broader electorate where his poll
numbers have been historically low so in
a lot of the polls he's in mid-30s low
30s I
and sometimes he struggles to get into
the low 40s the low 40s are a disaster
let alone the 30s so in a general
election if they back them they're
screwed in the primaries if they don't
back them there's through it and they
might also be screwed in the general
election again if their voters get
discouraged and don't show up there in
an absolute no-win situation that's
exactly where Donald Trump has put them
and that is why they're giving these non
answers which are hilarious and deeply
political down 20/20 never thought about
it what's happening in 2020 I don't know
I'm pretty sure you know and you know
how screwed you are if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
show every day
