the state of Tennessee recently sold to
public parks to nonprofit organizations
in fact the City Council in Memphis
specifically voted in favor of selling
these public parks to nonprofits now as
soon as the sale happened the
nonprofit's decided that they wanted to
do away with the Confederate statues at
these parks
Balam acres in the state of Tennessee
we're not having it and have actually
retaliated against Memphis let me give
you the story lawmakers voted to take
$250,000 away from the city of Memphis
after its decision to take down
Confederate statues now again let me be
clear the city did not make that
decision the nonprofit organizations
that purchase the public parks made that
decision but nonetheless the
republican-dominated Statehouse decided
to take away the money which was meant
to be used next year for a bicentennial
celebration by passing an amendment
attached to the house appropriations
bill representative Andy Holt from
Tennessee was quoted as saying today is
a demonstration that bad actions have
bad consequences and my only regret
about this is it's not in the tune of
millions of dollars so let's go over
this bad actions have bad consequences
so the two statues they're taking down
are of of Confederate President
Jefferson Davis and Confederate General
Nathan Bedford Forrest now the president
of the Confederacy well you know what he
did he did rillette a revolution against
a country called America re but you
might not know much about Nathan Bedford
Forrest so he's a complicated character
and if you're studying him in history
books you'll find out that he had an
interesting arc in his life he was
considered one of the best generals in
the south or the north and even General
William Tecumseh Sherman from the north
said he was probably the most remarkable
man our so a war produced on either side
he came in as an enlisted soldier and
became one of the top channels like I
said he did
in education but got to the to that
point later on at the end of his life he
renounced some of his previous thoughts
and this was a big deal at a time
received flowers from a black girl in
the south
my doubt was whoa she's dirty I can you
receive flowers from her okay now let me
tell you the reason why you shouldn't
have a statue of him he was the first
Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan and not
only did he fight for the Confederacy
but at the massacre at the Battle of
Fort Pillow after the northern soldiers
surrendered in that particular battle he
took all the black soldiers and executed
them and he took all the white southern
soldiers that had fought with the Union
and also executed them they say well it
wasn't clear whether he ordered the
execution or just watched it because
they're black and you had to teach them
a lesson that you cannot rebel if you do
you're gonna get a bullet in the head
even if you surrendered and you had a
statue of that guy up study him in the
history books find out about his
complicated history but I'm not having a
statue of a grand the first Grand Wizard
of the Ku Klux Klan who executed
innocent soldiers from the Union Army
especially because the color of their
race in the middle of Memphis and then
you tell me bad actions taking down a
statue that's the bad actions that this
deeply racist Republican in Tennessee
would like to give bad consequences to
I'm gonna take your money away if you
don't celebrate that racist piece of
crap who rebelled against the United
States of America so that's the message
that Republicans are sending yeah badass
they made money they sold they sold
property off from state control to
private control so you should be in
support of that if you're like a true
conservative also there's still so many
racist monuments everywhere just take a
ride down to Nashville and find that one
guy just outside Nashville who put up
that weird google it if you can weird
Nathan Bedford Forrest statue there's
still plenty of them for you to look at
it's a giant like 15-foot statue where
he looks crazy and he's made of
gold and silver shooting a gun in the
air there's plenty of statues for you to
go see this is this is not one you
should be you know get your panties in a
twist over I always wonder how many
people have allowed their dogs to
urinate on these statues because we know
that it happens and I also wonder like
how often do the people of Tennessee go
to these statues before they were taken
down and and enjoy them right like I bet
that they're overlooked no one cares
except for maybe the black people that
live in the state and have to deal with
that type of torment on a regular basis
but you don't it's it's funny because as
soon as you bring up hey we should
probably take these down because it's
insulting to the black members of our
community that's when people get up in
arms and they want to protect the
statues just go by him go by him back if
you love him so much go make enough
money and go buy him back and put it in
your backyard and celebrate your racism
that way so you know why he eventually
left the Klan because as they were
terrorizing and and murdering and
lynching blacks across the south he
thought they weren't disciplined enough
so that's the guy you're celebrating own
up to it own up to it
either you're deeply ignorant and know
nothing about history you should be
incredibly ashamed that you were talking
about it at all or just raise your hand
and say I love celebrating terrorists
who murdered innocent African Americans
and and started the Klan so one last
thing guys I'm gonna go to graphic 63-64
because again some of the folks that are
right-wing in the south apparently need
a history lesson they're not they're not
very bright and they're not and they
haven't studied very much so I want to
show you the flag that that some of them
celebrate this the flag that the
Confederacy used in battle you're
familiar with it the Confederate fly
that's what they wrote into battle
waving let me shed on the other side was
another army and they also had a flag
you want to see what that flag looked
like as they wrote in a battle it looked
like this I really I'm really offended
that there are certain people in the
country that don't respect our flag
that's right those people start a war
against America they're traitors and in
his case he was a terrorist you want to
have that terror
statue up there yeah at least we know
exactly where you're coming from what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
