so we've been telling you about how
protests are slowly being criminalized
in America
led almost exclusively by the Republican
Party I think both parties have a world
of corruption in them but when it comes
to authoritarian anti-american
unconstitutional tendencies the
Republicans unfortunately take the cake
let me prove it out to you
so Think Progress reporting in any in
energy-rich states like Oklahoma and
North Dakota lawmakers have successfully
passed bills prohibiting certain kinds
of protests from poor tests that block
highways or traffic to protests that
trespass onto property containing energy
infrastructure well that's awfully
specific I mean you already have
trespass laws why do you need this no no
we must protect the donors I mean the
energy infrastructure that's what I
really care about how about the other
infrastructure how about everything else
no no it's not as much but that's
because we're not getting paid by those
guys we're getting paid by the fossil
fuel guys interesting the American
Legislative Exchange Council otherwise
known as Alec a group that receives
funding from petrochemical billionaires
Charles and David Koch and works to
provide state legislators with model
legislation created a model bill meant
to impose strict penalties against
protesters who engage in civil
disobedience with respect to pipelines
and energy infrastructure so get a load
of how specific that is the guys who are
making the pipelines who benefit or who
benefit from the petrochemical industry
then tell their lobbyists write a bill
and get all the politicians we bought
with our private donations because
America allows for private donations to
politicians gee I wonder what's gonna
happen if your love for that they go
tell the write a bill saying they must
protect our property as specific not
even allow any protest near or certainly
not on it they're about to take it to a
new level I'm gonna tell you about that
in a second but first I want to give you
a quote from Kelsey Warren he said
anyone who vandalized and he's the CEO
of energy transfer partners that was the
company down in or up in North Dakota
that the whole pipeline protest was
about dappled
about said anyone who vandalized the
Dakota access pipeline should be removed
from the gene pool all right well that's
that's pretty harsh so what did
legislators in North Dakota do to
accommodate him well last year they did
this lawmakers in that state are set to
vote Friday on a bill that would
legalize accidentally running over
protesters in the road so that was a
bill that was produced introduced I
should say last year and I was CNN while
reporting on it back then that you could
just kill the protesters you could run
them over as long as it was accidental a
representative Keith camp Anik
introduced the bill which states that if
a driver quote unintentionally causes
injury or death to someone blocking
traffic or on a roadway then the driver
will not be liable for damages now look
if the driver didn't do anything wrong
and a guy popped out into the road
Daryl already many laws on the books
that would protect the driver if it's
not his fault
why pass a law saying you can
accidentally run over protesters unless
you're encouraging them to run over
protesters you didn't pass a random law
or even propose one that said you're
allowed to run over random bikers as
long as it's an accident random dog
walkers as long as it's an accident no
there was a purpose behind this bill the
CEO of the company asked for them to be
removed from the gene pool Republicans
who are purchased by that CEO then
introduced a bill saying it's okay to
run over protesters and we'll call it an
accident now luckily there was a ton of
public focus on that bill and the
problems were embarrassing to barely
voting against that 40 some-odd
legislators voted for it anyway but it
did not pass but now they're back so
what are they doing now a new crop of
bills proposed in Louisiana Pennsylvania
Minnesota all states with controversial
pipeline projects currently under
consideration
take the criminalization
protests one step further so Oh what is
that going to be if passed the bills
would make it illegal to conspire to
protest in certain instances like what a
protest would require trespass or some
other kind of civil disobedience this
means the act of simply planning a
protest that includes a civil
disobedience component like trespass
regardless of whether or not you
actually protest would become illegal so
here we are in thought crimes if you
even think about doing a protest of our
donors we'll have you arrested you don't
even have to carry it out so now by the
way you pass out law now you're gonna
have to spy in on all of us right you're
gonna have to look through all of our
social media
you're gonna maybe get into our computer
you're gonna have to wiretap us to find
out if any of us are planning a protest
civil disobedience that's how we got
civil rights in this country maybe
that's exactly what they're afraid of
they would have arrested Martin Luther
King before he even got to the bridge on
Selma they would have said you're
planning a protest where you're gonna do
civil disobedience lock him up we never
would have had soma we never would have
had any of those protests we've gotten
backwards
corporations have taken over this
country so thoroughly and uh and we've
allowed them to bribe all of our
politicians so thoroughly that we're
worse off than we were on during this
civil rights era which is stunning
here's what they're doing in Minnesota a
Republican led House Committee passed
the measure Tuesday that would allow
local governments to sue criminally
convicted protester for law enforcement
costs so you might get arrested for even
thinking about a protest if you thought
out loud with someone else
uh-huh we got you and if you actually
dare to do it you close down any place
we're gonna put millions of dollars onto
you and bankrupt you we're gonna destroy
your life
if you want to block the here's what the
representatives said if you want to
block a freeway this is representative
Nick zeros you're going to jail and when
you get out you're gonna get a bill
it's not just enough to imprison you
they're gonna try to destroy your life
in every way imaginable why because they
got it oftentimes you'd be surprised at
how small those checks are but they get
donations from these companies that
build the pipelines and then they will
crush you and the average citizen to
make sure that they serve their donors
wolf dash pack.com if you don't get the
money out of politics and you don't get
an amendment they're gonna crush us all
so now let me give you one last thing
that's a contrast up in Vermont we have
a kid who is obviously unbalanced I say
kid he's 18 years old and he's
threatening to do a huge mass shooting
so let me tell you a little bit about it
this from The Associated Press
prosecutors say Jack Sawyer who kept a
diary called Journal of an active
shooter made detailed plans for shooting
at Fair Haven Union High School in which
his goal was to kill more people than in
any other school shooting now let's see
what happened to him the court ruled
Wednesday that Sawyer did not act on his
plan and prosecutors did not have enough
evidence to justify holding him without
bail so you can threaten to kill more
people than any mass shooting in a
school in American history you're free
to go
you're gonna plan a protest of a
pipeline that's the donors of the
congressman you're in a world of trouble
you might go to jail and then we might
bankrupt you on top of that and make you
pay that bill for the rest of your life
corporations are not people they don't
have natural rights they don't have
constitutional rights and they don't
have the right to buy our politicians if
you don't fight to get democracy back
this is what you're gonna have rule of
the corporations by the corporations for
the corporations wolf dash pack.com /go
we'll put the link down below for God's
sake get in the fight young turks you
just watch the video by the young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
