so apparently Paul Ryan Ted Cruz and
other Republicans in Congress saw just
one tax cut for the rich isn't
necessarily enough let's try to push for
a second one now mind you things are not
going well for them just 27% of
Americans think the GOP tax cuts were a
good idea according to a new NBC
news/wall Street Journal poll released
just this Monday so 27% is a horrible
number they tried running ads saying hey
the tax cuts helped you in their special
election in Pennsylvania where they had
nearly a 20-point lead that lead god
the ads did not help they might have
been counterproductive
now the Koch brothers have already spent
30 million dollars in advertising to try
to make those tax cuts look appealing
because they got billions of dollars in
tax cuts so for them that's a drop in
the bucket but it's not working but it
doesn't matter it doesn't have to be
popular the only people that has to be
popular with is of course the donors so
now we all just paid our taxes and so
the Republican so that was a grand time
to announce another tax cut so as Sophia
to spy explains in salon it is yet
another tax day in America eager to
deliver another so-called win ahead of
the midterm elections Republicans are
using the occasion to roll out even more
tax cuts for the rich unreal unreal but
it proves what I've been telling you all
along Paul Ryan Ted Cruz all of those
guys they're just errand boys they're
not leaders they're followers they
follow the money
whatever the donors tell him to do no
matter how perilous it is they do well
and Paul Ryan he doesn't mind he's
retiring he's resigning so he's like I'm
about to get paid by one of these guys
very very handsomely getting another tax
cut on my way out absolutely sir he's in
a only a +5 district he was likely to
lose a Randy Bryce who by though he's a
Justice Democrat so he runs out
on his way out he's like here's another
tax cut now they haven't passed it yet
but they're fighting hard for it so
standing next to anti-tax Crusader
Grover Norquist he of the Drowned
government in the bathtub Fame said you
should shrink government to a size so
small you could drown it in a bathtub
senator Ted Cruz recently announced his
plan to ease the tax burden paid by
America's wealthiest citizens finally
the rich catch a break in America it's
about time thank god Ted Cruz is here to
save the day his new proposal is to
index capital gains for inflation
now when you say hey can we index KM
Social Security or Medicare or so many
other things that help the average
American to inflation so we can't afford
it average Americans to inflation no no
way no way we can't afford it but the
taxes for the rich oh we got an index
that we got yeah come on I mean what are
the rich gonna do if they don't have a
second layer of gigantic tax cuts so how
do i antic were the last round even
after a great number of cuts and and all
the different impacts of our budget it
still couldn't cover a one point nine
trillion dollar hole in the in the
budget that it created bob Corker
Republican of Tennessee was complaining
about it oh I thought it was only gonna
be one point one trillion dollars we
were adding to the deficit turns out we
gave the rich Ted two trillion dollar
break well don't worry senator corker
your colleagues are here to add even
more on top of that so they say it's
okay Ted Cruz in that press conference
like no no no but this is gonna help the
average American worker like it did last
time so let's look into that and see if
that last tax cut did help a recent
analysis from the pro-reform group
Americans for tax fairness found that
four hundred and thirty three
corporations out of the fortune 500 have
not offered any bonuses or wage increase
to employees since the passage of the
corporate tax cuts that's four hundred
and thirty three out of 500 at its
overwhelming majority you got nothing
from it when it came to the corporate
tax cuts instead the analysis found
companies spent 37
times as much on stock buybacks you want
to know who stock buybacks help the
corporate executives they have a ton of
options in their own company and shares
in their own company when they do
buybacks the price gets in artificially
inflated which helps executives they
help their own executives 37 times more
than their workers wow I didn't see that
coming that's exactly what we told you
would happen and since their greed knows
no bounds now they send their errand
boys ted cruz and paul ryan to go fetch
him another tax cut you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
