when the Justice Democrats started I
remember I was there we were told that
we would be lucky to have one just
Democrat in Congress after the next set
of elections in 2018 so we now have
three there's we started with 52
candidates two were incumbents
I am super happy to announce today the
third incumbent sitting member of
Congress that has joined the Justice
Democrats
it's Pramila jayapal she's from the
state of Washington she is one of the
most progressive Congress people in the
country it is a great honor to have her
as part of the just Democrats so why
were people skeptical and why are people
joining now I'm gonna give you some
quotes from her and and some of her
supporters in a second well people are
skeptical is because of two things they
said one the platform is so progressive
go to just Democrats calm check out the
platform really can people really sign
on to that but in the case of somebody
like congresswoman jayapala she's that
progressive that's not an issue at all
but a corollary to that was look at a
lot of these folks are gonna primary
people that are incumbent Democrats but
and so they thought not a lot of
Congress people will have the courage to
say yeah it's okay to primary incumbents
but they were wrong Roe kana Raul
Grijalva and now congresswoman jayapal
all have the courage to do that to say
it's important to fight not just for
Democrats but for progressives and not
just for political reasons but for
policy the second reason people were
skeptical is because we said that we
would not allow anybody who would take
corporate PAC money and they thought
well I mean sitting members of Congress
they can't not take corporate PAC money
it turns out they can so now as we get
more and more just Democrats that are in
the house and there are more and more
candidates guess what's happening go
back to our old videos it's exactly what
I told you what happened now people are
saying well I mean come on of course I
mean I mean no corporate PAC is that now
even Gillibrand and Booker is doing it
were they doing it before we started I
don't remember that we were told it was
impossible
so now there are a great number of
people say no corporate pac money and
and now we have three already in the
caucus and there are a lot more on the
way
already the primaries have started there
were some losses of course that's normal
and there was a lot of victories five
out of seven just Democrats water got
into the runoff in Texas primaries five
out of seven one of them who lost turn
around and recruited the candidate who
beat him and I was mighty Mary Wilson
who won that race she became a justice
Democrat and the unity continues this is
real unity around progressive priorities
I am super proud of that you know what
justice Democrat stands for so yes
definitely economic justice and social
justice yes we believe that everybody
should be treated equal not equality of
results but equality of opportunity okay
and economic justice for the whole
country your wages are stagnating you
the system has been rigged against you
but not by the powerless but by the
powerful but the sir reason it's called
justice Democrats is because we want
representatives to represent just us not
your donors just us so I love that the
congresswoman is joined here I'm not
alone first
just sitting just Democrat was
represented ROH Khanna he came out with
a statement today saying
Pramila jayapala one of the most
visionary progressives in the House of
Representatives she has been the most
effective freshman on the socialist
civil rights issues of our time
he is an absolute honor to have her as a
justice Democrat congresswoman jeyapaul
says about joining the just Democrats
I'm proud to stand with the Justice
Democrats and hundreds of thousands of
their supports supporters who believe in
a simple idea the Democrats can't just
be an opposition party we must be a
proposition party I love that quote
that's exactly right
it's not just a matter of resistance
these are our priorities and we are
going to fight for them finally she said
this election year is critical as we
fight to take back the house by running
progressive candidates in every corner
of our country who believe in our vision
exactly right and look you got to find
out more about the candidates find out
more about the platform that they're
running on go to justice Democrats calm
there are dozens of candidates now and
right now a lot of them are winning
Brent welder is winning in Kansas
beating the incumbent Republican there
according to polls by seven points dug
up Applegate is winning there are so
many others that I've interviewed at
rebel headquarters you can check out all
those interviews at youtube.com slash
tyt politics we'll have all the links
down below and I just want you guys
understand something this movement is
not about one person it's about an idea
that you could run uncorrupted
candidates and it would be free to
actually fight for you and that's what's
happening right now on the ground and
we've already got a caucus and we're
gonna add a lot to it in 2018 but you
got to be part of that change because if
you don't back these candidates they're
not taking corporate PAC money they
can't win without your support whether
you volunteer or you donate go look them
up see if there are any in your area go
to just Democrats comm and then get in a
fight get in the fight so right now I'm
super happy that congresswoman Jaya Paul
is in the fight she's a Justice Democrat
and now there are three and a lot more
on the way if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash join get
the whole young turks o every day
