we have a Republican donor who has
finally had enough Wow just when you
thought it was impossible and I don't
mean enough of the tax cuts that's
filling up his pockets for a guys I'm
full really appreciated I can't handle
any more tax cuts he is saying that in
some way but but not in that way he's
saying it as in what in the world did
you guys do this for fascinating and
he's not a little donor he's a big donor
so let me tell you all about it
a major GOP donor is jumping ship
according to Ed mazaya HuffPost and now
he's contributing to Democratic
candidates in hopes of flipping the
House of Representatives and/or the
Senate in this year's midterm elections
so not only is he not giving a bonus
anymore he's gonna go give to Democrats
to try to make a difference his name is
Seth Klarman CEO of BAU post group this
originally reported by the Boston Globe
and and sometimes he's known apparently
known as the Oracle of Boston so let's
hope the Oracle knows what he's doing in
this case so why well let's go to his
own quote he said the Republicans in
Congress have failed to hold the
president accountable and have abandoned
their historic beliefs and values for
the good of the country the Democrats
must take back one or both houses of
Congress strong words but about to get
stronger apparently not a fan of Trump
he says that Trump was quote completely
unqualified for the highest office in
the land by the way if you're not blind
dumb and deaf and actually I'm positive
they can also figure it out it's super
obvious how uncle unqualified Donald
Trump is how unintelligent he is how
unethical he is if we go down the list
but unqualified certainly with no
apparent motivation or incentive to
learn he refused to get briefings and
the list goes on and on and yet most of
the Republicans have decided they're
speaking of blind Evan I'm gonna look
away I'm gonna choose not to see it well
Seth Klarman says I have eyes and I have
ears and it's obvious he goes further i
says that he might in fact Trump might
be
a threat to democracy and I think he is
I don't think he believes in the concept
of democracy so now of course this does
touch his economic interest a little bit
as well
let's keep it real he also warned
against Trump's protectionist agenda in
a letter to his investors saying such
policies not only don't work they
actually leave society worse off so you
can have your own opinions about trade
and and those proposals of Trump he's
obviously not a fan but now to the size
of his donations Klarman and independent
who donated more than 7 million dollars
to the GOP candidates during the
presidency of Barack Obama has now cut
checks the Democrats in 56 House races
and 22 Senate elections so that's no
joke 7 million dollars to fight against
Obama now turning around and giving in
those 78 congressional elections all to
Democrats Klarman also donated two
million dollars to nonprofits backing
core Democratic issues including gun
control and the environment now back to
the tax cuts really interesting opinion
there first of all he says something
that again is very obvious the Trump tax
cuts could drive government deficits
considerably higher and in fact they
told us it was only gonna be one point
one trillion dollar that they were
adding to the deficit which is a already
a hilarious statement from the guys who
said deficits were terrible and
unacceptable it's only a 1.1 trillion
dollar hole in the budget but it turns
out of course as we found out last week
totally unsurprisingly to anyone paying
attention it's actually going to be at a
minimum one point nine trillion dollars
that they're adding to the deficit so
that part is clear but Klarman goes on
to say I received a tax cut I neither
need nor want I'm choosing the investor
to fight the administration's flawed
policies until like Democrats to the
Senate and House of Representatives well
for that you do have to give them credit
for being able to say these tax cuts are
totally unnecessary to wealthy
individual
such as himself and in fact they will do
damage to the economy which does damage
to all of us so it is a good day in
America and for a guy who spent millions
of dollars fighting Obama to turn around
and say many of you thought Obama was
bad Trump is an absolute disaster shows
you some indication that some people
have woken up and realize the horrible
situation that Trump has put us in but
his comments about taxes of what I
appreciate the most that is true and and
it's great to see a Republican donor
admit that if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash join get
the whole younger so every day
