let's be candid when an accusation
implies appalling moral character it's
tempting to shrink from it to avoid
contemplating the depth of the abyss but
anytime the President of the United
States unleashes lethal military power
we as American citizens are obliged to
ask why as Americans wondered whether
President Trump would do so as a
distraction to wag the dog on Friday he
gave this explanation for his missile
attacks on Syria last Saturday the Assad
regime again deployed chemical weapons
to slaughter innocent civilians this
time in the town of Dorma near the
Syrian capital of Damascus this massacre
was a significant escalation in a
pattern of chemical weapons use by that
very terrible regime but think about it
for a moment if his deterrence that
motivates him mr. Trump did not explain
why that escalation has occurred without
other rebukes Syria has used chemicals
50 times
if bombings really are a deterrent why
the weight
the president also invoked the horrible
suffering of the victims of chemical
warfare the evil and the despicable
attacked left mothers and fathers
infants and children thrashing and pain
and gasping for air these are not the
actions of a man they are crimes of a
monster instead but but if his
compassion that motivates him mr. Trump
did not explain why a man who would not
give shelter to those gasping for air
would not let them breathe easy in
freedom or wise Syrian suffering has
only moved the Trump administration to
admit
eleven Syrian refugees this year eleven
when we asked why President Trump sent
those missiles we also have to ask what
else he has sent you probably didn't
hear it on TV but it turns out the
answer is military contractors as The
Young Turks just reported the Pentagon
for the first time is now including
Syria along with Iraq in the military
census of its contractors how Madine we
can't be sure what they're doing also
unclear and we also don't know how many
uniformed troops are in Syria the
military Times reports now that the
Pentagon is no longer releasing those
numbers for Syria or Iraq or Afghanistan
not just for today but even for the past
troop counts that were previously public
now erased troops already invisible on
our TV screens now deleted from even our
public records now it's one thing to
withhold information about what you're
doing or plan to do but when you erase
history you have plunged deep into
Orwellian territory whether we're
talking Syria your tax returns or Russia
when you render the truth unknowable you
compromise our ability to make sound
judgments but in doing so you destroy
also mr. president our ability to fairly
judge you you compromise the presumption
of innocence and as you long as you
initially hired this nation's actions
and your own behind a cloak of secrecy
you expose yourself to suspicion of
guilt
