well you know Michael Cohen's offices
were raided and so were his home in his
hotel room he's of course personal
attorney for Donald Trump but he's more
than that he also handles business for
Donald Trump and he's considered a fixer
overall so there's an excellent question
as to which of his documents have are
protected under attorney-client
privilege and which are not so some have
to do with business so they're not at
all protected some do have to do with
him being a lawyer for Donald Trump
now those dealings that relate to a
crime would not be protected the ones
that do not relate to a crime would be
protected so you really do need some
independent lawyers at the Justice
Department or in prosecutor's office to
sift through that and make sure that
they contain the evidence that actually
is protected under attorney-client
privilege and they do have that there's
a team that unfortunately is named at
eight-team that makes sure that none of
the documents or any evidence that is
actually protected gets into any
prosecution
so Michael Cohen's team and Donald
Trump's team think that is not nearly
enough now that is normally how you
would do things but they have a
different idea now that might be driven
partly by their panic as Maggie Haberman
New York Times reporter reports earlier
today they say you could tell she
explained that you could basically tell
it's used this analogy how bad the
situation is if you're on a plane for
example based on whether the flight
attendants are panicking okay if they're
calm then everything's gonna be fine and
it's normal if they're panicking oh boy
well in this case the analogy is to
Donald Trump's lawyers and apparently
they're in a panic over the Michael
Cohen raid she said the lawyers are not
calm
that is your hint about what is going on
here it may not end up mattering but
there are a few people who know as much
as Michael Cohen I guess as it will
matter and it'll probably matter a lot
so what are they asking for instead of
having the taint team looking at
all the evidence seized from Cohen's
offices and homes lawyers for president
Donald Trump's personal attorney say
investigators quote took everything
during raids last week on his residence
in office I don't know what to call that
I don't know if that's a white privilege
rich privileged trump privilege a
right-wing privilege whatever it is but
the idea that the FBI would come in and
seize all the evidence seems incredibly
normal to the rest of us but for them
they're like they took all the evidence
they didn't even leave half of it behind
why would they leave any of it behind
what a preposterous thing to presume all
right I love the idea of some regular
old bank robber or anyone else they come
in here they took all the evidence they
took all the tapes of me coming into the
bank why don't you leave have to taste
behind only this level of criminals can
make these kind of assumptions because
they're used to power being on their
side and protecting them all right
the letter that they sent demanded Trump
and Cohen's lawyers be allowed to decide
which items seized are protected by
attorney-client privilege
before criminal prosecutors see them you
wonder about privilege they say no no no
now prosecutors I know you've seized
evidence of my law breaking but I'd like
that back and then I'll decide which
ones I want to give you that happen in
your trial right I mean you've ever been
tried you get to go to the judge and go
now look I'd love for the prosecutors to
have all this evidence I'm sorry but I
just can't I don't need all their
evidence back and then I'll give the
prosecutor the evidence that suits my
interests and the judge goes wah well
that seems like it's probably a
perfectly fair request let's hash that
out no that's not how it goes so of
course that is denied
Trump's lawyers go even further now
they're Joanna handin and christopher
Dysart and Reed Keith they wrote that
potentially privileged information was
seized during the raid they argue that
Trump should be able to review those
documents before taint team made up of
federal agents
and prosecutors to ensure his right to
attorney-client privilege so prosecutors
shouldn't decide was privileged the
judge shouldn't decide what's privileged
under the law just Trump should decide
trophies again again give me all that
stuff back okay yeah this you're not
gonna get to see any of this okay is
Trump a lawyer
no is Trump's lawyers are going to
decide it but Trump let's take a look
himself and make sure that they have the
right evidence that's not how it works
okay now the lawyers say quote there is
as well cause for concern that a team
could not evaluate mr. cohen's files and
in particular those relating to the
president fairly so let me get this
right
seasoned federal prosecutors their boss
appointed by Donald Trump and his boss
appointed by Donald Trump cannot be fair
enough
but Donald Trump himself about an
investigation about him would be fairer
I'm sure he'd be fair to himself would
he be fair to the facts it's a
preposterous claim just take out Trump
put in any other defendant your honor I
think Mike the prosecutors are not being
fair to my client I think my client
should get to decide all the evidence in
this case cuz he would be wayfarer to
himself that is not an argument likely
to win okay so in in a Monday letter to
judge Kimbell would cones team wrote
that either they or an independent third
party known as a special master these
are all fun terms should conduct the
initial review of the materials to
filter out anything protected by
attorney-client privilege and avoid
quote even the appearance of impropriety
federal agents have seized documents in
your home hotel room in office there is
an appearance of impropriety on your
part not their part okay and they are
not just willy-nilly taking all the
documents and say we're gonna use them
no they have a different team that is
not part of the prosecution that is
going to look to see which ones are
attorney-client privilege and if they
are they're not going to let the
prosecutors see it and to say that that
system is not as fair
as the defendant looking at his own
papers and deciding which ones the court
gets to see it's a preposterous argument
by the way not exactly the best judge to
make it to either judge Kimber would
denied the Attorney General position
when Bill Clinton put her up because of
some controversies that the Republicans
brought up oops
anyway she look she's been on the bench
for a long long time and there's no hint
of impartiality there either
but it's a tough draw for them it
doesn't matter because their argument is
absolutely ridiculous
continuing judge would ask cones team
during a Friday hearing to turn over an
approximate list of individuals with
whom Cohen had engaged in an
attorney-client relationship as well as
an estimate of how much of the C's
material was covered by that privilege
you're saying hey look there's stuff in
there that you don't need it's
attorney-client privilege especially
with other clients so she's like okay
great whose other clients he's like yeah
about that we don't really want to tell
you well that's because it turns out we
found out today it was Sean Hannity so
I'm finally on this issue attorneys for
both Trump and Cohen have requested
permission to carry out the initial
review of the seized materials though
Trump's lawyers don't agree that a
special master would serve as a good
backup option so they're saying no no I
don't even want anyone seeing these
documents outside of Donald Trump gee I
wonder why well whether they like it or
not people are gonna see those documents
the prosecutors are of course this is
preposterous and won't stand you don't
get to pick the evidence against you
that's not how it works in this justice
system so request denied what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
