here living you an example from the
current campaigns so the one I'm most
familiar with is of course Alison hearts
in the one I talk about the most and
that's look keep it real
it's a candidate I care most about the
one I think would make the biggest
difference if you knocked out feinstein
she is one of the grand poobahs of the
establishment she's one of the brahmans
that's like knocking out their rook
that's gonna hurt that's gonna leave a
mark
okay and Pete and the establishment will
be in a rage and then you've got our
rook right inside their castle I'm keep
extending the severity okay and and so
then you all of a sudden you have an
Alison Hartson and a Bernie Sanders and
a Elizabeth Warren and Alison is
fighting so aggressively calling so many
press conferences breathing so much fire
that Bernie seems like the centrist okay
so as opposed to Feinstein is just gonna
sit there like a lump on a log war yes
violating your privacy yes tax cuts yes
right
oh the difference is enormous okay so
anyway I get passionate about that too
but for the purpose of this what I
wanted to explain is they say okay
Allison is not already a politician so
we're not going to include her in the
polls so some polls do include her some
polls don't now if you ask any serious
reporter and they look at this race they
would say that it's a three-person race
Feinstein Allison and the third guy
whose name I don't like to mention okay
all right so and nonetheless the people
doing the polls which cost in California
about thirty to forty thousand dollars
okay so those are their real numbers
okay so if you want a commission a poll
if you commissioned a poll that doesn't
mean you're gonna get the results you
want you're just paying a polling agency
to do a real pull on your behalf not for
you but a real one otherwise it's
pointless you're digging through the
thirty thousand dollars in the garbage
if you do a fake poll right but so it
costs a lot of money the guy who is it
look kidding aside
it's this guy Kevin de Leon okay he's
also running he's a state senator okay
and
since he is a politician often half the
polls would be just him versus by
Feinstein well you just gave him $40,000
in fact given more than that because not
only did you do a poll for him but the
poll frames it as a two-person race sure
that's what I thought you're gonna say
which is that when you leave a name off
the poll it actually does an immense
disservice to the name left off in most
because that you nobody ever sees it
it's in all the papers in the LA Times
that was Chronicle and name recognition
is so on board especially to a newer
candidate that's right and and it makes
it seem like he is a legitimate
candidate and that's a two-person race
and and so in that bias which is
monumental that is so important that
bias hurts non-politicians
non-establishment figures in a way that
is hard to quantify but it is a massive
establishment bias and then every paper
in the in california runs those the
results of those polls kdl would have
run that poll anyway you saved him
40,000 but like we just talked about
that's the least of it yes that's
handing him hundreds of thousands of
dollars which is free because he's part
of the establishment now allison has run
an a national organization with over
30,000 volunteers she's gotten what
other people said were impossible
legislation passed in five states
including California it is on the number
one issue that California voters say
they care about which is money in
politics that poll was done number one
issue money in politics she is a teacher
who served her community and then went
on to work on this political
organization but one that is
anti-establishment to get money out of
politics and had tremendous results if
that is not a legitimate candidate and
she has 250 1500 volunteers Feinstein
has zero volunteers her it's not amazing
she outraged Feinstein and kdl Allison
did it in the last quarter it with small
donors both of them combined okay that's
amazing and they're like no we're not
going to put her in a poll that's
established advice and then we
the established media as the temerity to
turn around and tell us were biased yeah
no you're right
no that's an implicit bias that's the
most dangerous kind of bias I mean we
say we're progressive here at TYT that's
very and we and we talk about we try to
speak as objectively as we can but we
explain hey we're looking at these
things objectively we have a you know we
have progressive bias but even if you
look at it objectively we have these we
come to these conclusions but the
implicit bias the the one that we're
talking about where you're left off a
poll where you're left out of a debate
where certain things that help build
name recognition are are built into the
system those are some of the most
damaging and and so one last thing about
that now that's just one example but
there are many many others so so the
media so there's the polling then
there's all the other media articles
right so do they cover Allison or don't
they cover Allison and that's also tons
and tons of free media in a race where
the money is so so important but maybe
the most important of all those examples
is they view how much money you have as
a proxy and almost not only one of the
metrics not only the most important
metric but almost the only metric as to
whether you are legitimate and credible
or not so what does that do that by
definition favors the corrupt because
they can go and take super PAC money
corporate PAC money and they can raise
more money
Feinstein gave her own campaign 5
million dollars why she has 80 million
she's 84 years old she's not gonna miss
it
her husband's a billionaire 5 million is
nothing to them so then the press goes
look at Dianne Feinstein she has 5
million dollars so she is legitimate and
wonderful and terrific etc and you well
you don't have 5 million dollars to give
yourself so you are illegitimate so the
only thing that can make you legitimate
is money and then they wonder how the
system got so corrupt
