all right the bombing campaign has begun
in Syria
hopefully it's begun and ended they say
that it might be just a one-time thing
that's what defense secretary Jim mattis
indicated again let's hope that's true
so hey what do I think about it a
terrible idea
secondly I'm mainly relieved at so far
what we know Trump just announced it and
then we saw some bombing over Damascus
according to the reporting we don't know
what the damage is so far but here's
what they told us that they dropped
about twice as many bombs this time as
they did around this time last year in
responding to another chemical attack
and Trump talked about how he hopes one
day we could have a better relationship
with Russia and Iran he said I don't
know if we can but I hope we can I also
hope that I hope at this point I don't
care much if it's to prove it's as a
distraction or Sapru he's tough on
Russia etc all I care about is not
getting dragged into war so there's only
one curious note here and then I'll tell
you the good news
the curious note is that observers were
going to go and look at the site that
was hit by the chemical gas just a
couple of hours from now and right
before they went to go look there we'd
started the bombing so I don't know if
that means that it's called off or not
that's curious timing and annoying
timing and I wish they hadn't done it
that way I really want to know who did
it
and if it's Syria that's super relevant
if it's not Syria
that's super relevant so I wish hadn't
started the bombing before the evidence
came in I wish a hand on the bombing at
all okay having said that the good news
is it looks like there were no Americans
that were hurt in the bombing and as far
as we could tell so far no Russians that
were hurt so Syrians being hurt is an
absolute tragedy it happens all the time
unfortunately and it shouldn't happen
that's why I'm against among the many
reasons why I'm against the bombing in
the first place
but the reason why in this case the
Russians that
American are Americans are more
irrelevant is because if we accidentally
and we did we're is it we got resistance
from the syrian air force apparently in
the air defenses and if in that
resistance we had downed a MIG a Russian
plane that would have been a disaster if
they had downed one of our planes that
would have been a double disaster so so
far based on what we know and the
bombing just happened it appears that
that nothing like that went wrong so
let's hope that this does not escalate
any further that this is the only
bombing and then we're done with it you
know I know the military-industrial
complex is gonna try to push us into
more more bombing they're gonna try to
push Trump into it but I hope he sticks
with his original statement from before
the chemical attacks which is to begin
to get our troops out we could all hope
so let's hope that the damage was
limited tonight from the bombing that's
all
