former FBI director James Comey is
coming out with a memoir and he has
already done a couple interviews in
order to promote it
now those interviews haven't aired but
ABC has put out a few teasers a few
snippets and some people have gotten an
early have been given the early copy of
the book so we know some of what Comey
wrote about and even though it's a
memoir multiple chapters consist of some
of his viewpoints on Trump so let's go
to the first video here is Comey talking
about his experience briefing Donald
Trump on Russian meddling present
electrum's first question was to confirm
that it had no impact on the election
and then the conversation to my surprise
moved into a PR conversation about how
the Trump team would position this and
what they could say about this they
actually started talking about drafting
a press release you also said you were
struck by what they didn't ask very much
no one to my recollection asked so what
what's coming next from the Russians how
might we stop it what's the future look
like
it was all what can we say about what
they did and how it affects the election
that we just had that interaction
doesn't really surprise me much of
course Trump is much more worried about
his perception among Americans he's more
worried about his image his ego and so
yeah he doesn't care about Russian
meddling he's just worried about people
perceiving him as someone who got
elected in an illegitimate way and so
the PR thing might have been confusing
for Comey but it's not confusing looking
at Trump and how he's been behaving so
far but remember that was right in the
beginning of his administration
so the commis of the world did not yet
realize how unstable the president is
how egotistical he is and how he doesn't
care about anything that isn't about him
but the election took forever
it started in mid 2015 the nonsense
coming from Trump started then and it
was very
clear that he's this crazy maniacal
egomaniac so look me again Comey might
have just been naive about it but I feel
like Trump showed the world who he
really is as soon as he started
campaigning but a lot of people in the
establishment are naive they think no
the president will mature him once he
gets them you remember they stopped yeah
once he gets into office he'll
understand the gravity of this issue and
well we kept saying on the shows no he's
not constitutionally capable of maturing
or making intelligent decisions and and
putting the office above his own
interests but that's the way that that
people think there and and so I Comey
I'm sure naively assumed as I would be
surprised if most of Washington in the
soup no but he's not gonna brazenly tell
the head of the FBI I don't care about
the Russian meddling all I care about is
you protecting me and swearing loyalty
oath to me rather than the Constitution
because that was so outside of the norm
of what presidents do that he couldn't
help but be shocked by it
I'm also amused that he asked you know
the FBI director about writing a press
release like that's not what the FBI
does it's just incredible but anyway he
thought that he was a press secretary
it's like what part anyway and what FBI
stands for what press is it no you know
what's crazy is we I think a lot of us
for a minute
for a minute fell when he had that
meeting with with Obama he said you know
we had a good meeting it's supposed to
be a half an hour I was an hour and a
half I listened to him this and that
there was a moment there where I for I
know right myself I was like wait a
minute he all that stuff was campaign
talk he's maybe he's gonna change and I
remember specifically I have a nine year
old and a seven year old at the time a
year ago so there's six eight at the
time they were worried they were upset
and I tried to instill in them the idea
that in America we have an election
other countries they have revolutions
ago we have a peaceful transfer powering
we have to then respect the president
give him a chance let's give him a
chance guys you know we got to be there
that same weekend he starts tweeting
about Alec Baldwin's performance on SNL
I'm like this guy's an idiot
you know there's still idiots in the in
Washington particularly and I think
around we could do who do believe that
Donald Trump is going to grow up someday
and change and he's not what we got me
is the worst we can imagine and we've
got it but look back to that's Club the
two things that struck me about it one
is this is a very very first
conversation that he's having with
Donald Trump about the Russian meddling
he's briefing him and Donald Trump not
at that time and not since has condemned
what the Russians did to try to
undermine this election because and
you're absolutely right because he
believes that acknowledging that they
did anything undermines the legitimacy
of his president and that's why he was
so obsessed with the millions of voters
who voted for Hillary over him and not
the voters that made the difference in
the popular vote he's obsessed with that
and obsessed with de legitimizing that
fact by arguing that undocumented
immigrants have voted for her because of
his ego he doesn't want to appear as
someone who didn't deserve to win the
presidency okay so we got to move on to
with the other clips in this next clip
he talks about what Trump really cared
about when it came to that dossier take
a look I'm about to talk to him about
allegations that he was involved with
prostitutes in Moscow and that the
Russians taped it and I started to tell
him about the allegation was that he had
been involved with prostitutes in a
hotel in Moscow in 2013 during a visit
for the Miss Universe pageant and that
the Russians had filmed the episode and
he interrupted very defensively and
started talking about it you know do I
look like a guy who needs hookers and I
assumed he was asking that rhetorically
I didn't answer that and I just moved on
and explained I said I'm not saying that
we credit this not saying we believe it
we just thought it very important that
you know did you tell him you thought it
wasn't true or you didn't know if it was
true or not I never said I don't believe
it because I couldn't say one way or
another how weird was that briefing
really weird
it was almost an out-of-body experience
for me I was floating above myself
looking down
saying you're sitting here briefing the
incoming president United States about
prostitutes in Moscow so he also juco me
in other parts of this interview had
mentioned that Trump was obsessed with
proving that it was a lie that that
whole prostitutes urinating on one
another thing was a complete lie because
there was a 1% chance that Melania would
believe it
and this quote from Comey I thought was
great he said in what kind of marriage -
what kind of man does a spouse conclude
there is only a 99 percent chance her
husband didn't do that and it's said
it's so true I mean if something came to
me and accuse my husband of that I'd be
like yeah right I wouldn't believe it
100 percent chance I'm not gonna believe
it anyway so no I there's a lot of
quotes in Comey's book that I actually
thought he didn't need to go there oh
yeah he did he did okay all right so we
this year a little bit on that that I
because I want him to maintain his
credibility so when he makes fun of
Donald Trump's hands and his appearance
it's a it's a little funny it's a little
snarky but at the same time I feel like
it kind of takes away from him a little
bit on the other hand that line that
Anna just read is awesome yeah
what kind of a marriage and what kind of
a man is that only a 99% chance that you
didn't go and have to hookers pee on
each other because you didn't like the
man who slept in that bed earlier like
what an insane thing that that's on the
board buts that's on the board can I say
what an insane thing that we are talking
about the yeah now the United States of
America and the President of the United
States I mean just think about it it
it's it's almost like a Silvio
Berlusconi and we're in Italy it is
there's another quote was on there's is
there's no way I would let people pee on
each other around me this is drama
in part because he is a self-professed
germaphobe no way
that's hilarious like that's the proof
I'm a I'm a germaphobe I know seemed
obsessed with that particular part of
the dossier that was the part that
really stood out to him the most and he
was he would he wouldn't let it go in
fact he was pushing for the FBI
quickly investigate that to disprove it
and Comey told him this is if you want
us to do it I will do it but it's a bad
idea cuz it's gonna draw more attention
to it this is just to go away you don't
want the press to continue talking about
the urination thing right you know I
just got throw this out there not to but
I must admit I've got a problem with
this whole book because I'm not a huge
fan of James Comey so I mean I'd really
do think Comey what was what
Oh way over the line in the in the
Clinton campaign during that during that
campaign particularly on that second
time around October 28th I mean there is
there are those who believe that he cost
her the election I don't go that far but
he was no friend of democracy I think at
the time so now but when it comes down
to Trump versus come me there's no doubt
which one is more credible which one is
a straight arrow
it's James come well you listen first of
all I will go that far there's a lot of
reasons why Hillary lost but that last
minute I remember I remember reading it
and going oh no this is not he basically
took anybody who was on the fence and
threw him at Trump so I think he did
that's that's what again that what the
the irony of all this he won the
election for the guy and now the guy is
attacking him but but what's crazy is
this world that you guys were talking
about the world that we live in right
now look I I don't know if I believe in
the urinating and all that stuff but the
fact that there is a possibility that
this guy because if it were any like if
again if this had been said about Obama
you would be or error let's say let's
take a Republican even George Bush
george w bush if there's it come out of
a George Bush series with prostitutes or
peeing on each other we don't laugh it
off this is crazy
yeah we live in a world right now where
we have to actually think that this is a
possibility we live in a world where in
Hawaii when they get alarms that there's
bombs coming from North Korea people
really think this the wharf is happening
because this guy's taking us that far
you know what for the record I believe
every word of it yeah Honnold Trump I
believe every word he's a sick man
okay so last thing about this is that
call me at one point in talking about
what you guys just mentioned the
election and whether it was the right
thing to do to have that 11 days before
the election put out that statement
saying these
the investigation about Hillary Clinton
admitted that he thought Hillary Clinton
was going to win and he didn't want her
presidency to be considered illegitimate
if he didn't announce that he had
reopened that investigation when he had
behind the scenes but you know what that
actually I'm so fair is fair guys so
that to me and when they asked them okay
would you have publicly announced that
if you thought if Donald Trump was
leading in the polls and he said I don't
know mm-hmm and what's fair is that does
call into question commis credibility
and so I guess he's being honest about
that but then I then I do go wait a
minute it sounds like you did want one
person to win and not the other I mean
even though he did the opposite you know
he costs Hillary Clinton in a lot of
ways it's funny because my perspective
is very different I think Comey
is the type of guy I look I think he's
made a ton of mistakes but I think he's
the type of guy who's obsessed with
doing the right thing or doing what he
perceives to be the right thing and in
being so obsessed he kind of like
fumbles and and makes bad decisions and
so reopening the investigation that
close to the election you know I I don't
know whether or not I think it's a good
or bad idea I mean I think that she
needs to be investigated I I wish that
it would have been earlier I wish you
would have done a thorough investigation
when he did the initial investigation so
there's no question about that but but I
also think that he is not someone who is
looking to his own political bias in
order to influence the outcome of
anything I think he tried to do the
right thing and then ended up making
what he now perceives as a mistake you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
