those close to rod Rosenstein are
indicating that he is planning on
getting fired and he is accepting it and
is somewhat calm about it now according
to reporting with rumors swirling that
President Trump could fire Deputy
Attorney General Rosenstein key
Democrats this week have begun putting
together an emergency action plan step 1
don't call for impeachment so that's
something that I'm sure Jake is about to
lose his mind on any minute but a source
who spoke to Rosenstein said he seemed
fully aware that he may soon lose his
job and was at peace with the
possibility confident that he had done
his job with integrity so this is
actually interesting because he has been
in touch with ethics officials in the
Department of Justice in regard to his
involvement in this investigation
involving special counsel Muller so he
keeps asking do I need to recuse myself
if I need to recuse myself please let me
know he doesn't want to do anything
wrong and according to these officials
he had no reason to recuse himself in
this investigation and the argument that
the Trump administration is making the
argument that Trump himself is making is
that Rosenstein should have recused
himself that he is the person who wrote
that memo
who fired Comey and so why is the person
who fired Comey now part of an
investigation because of me firing Comey
do you get what I'm saying yeah well so
okay hold on let's clarify a bunch of
things here so again Trump is saying I'm
worried that Comey might be biased
because he's the one who fired Comey in
the first week I mean Rosenstein is
biased because he fired comb in the
first place but you told him the father
and in Saudi but you didn't say he was
biased then you were very happy with
that only when he appoints a special
counsel you got oh my god I can't put
this monster who fired Comey is that
what yeah what I told them to do it
right so that makes no sense at all and
but it's Trump it doesn't have to make
sense
so now mark Meadows goes on Fox News
he's head of the freedom caucus the
really right-wing group in Congress and
he signals to the president and he says
quote let's do it this week referring to
a firing Rosenstein and if this Attorney
General and Deputy Attorney General
can't do it let's find the two who will
so he's like let's fire Muller and let's
do it this week and if Rosenstein and
sessions won't do it you should fire
them so two things about that number one
so we're led to believe there Trump and
the in the right wing are really mad
that Comey did not recuse himself from
the case but they're also really mad
that sessions did how does that make any
sense like make up your mind should
people recuse themselves or not I should
have he say Rosa Stein should recuse
himself but session shouldn't have on
the same exact fact pattern who cares
who cares doesn't have to make sense
I could shoot someone a fifth avenue and
my voters won't care I'm just gonna
blurt out nonsense the second part is
John Kelly is chief of staff so he holds
the keys to the Oval Office who gets in
and who doesn't but it doesn't matter
because they're using Fox News as a
public like you know those old-school
telephone switchboards right yeah
connecting into the president right and
Mark Meadows comes and goes we should
fire Muller now anyway okay the way you
would do it is you would first fire
Rosenstein and then maybe such as if he
doesn't go along you see what I'm just
do into public and so they could he get
to the president cuz they know he
watches Fox News it's been rumors
doesn't buzz about roses I'm getting
fired for a long time here we have
commis book coming out there the ABC
interview coming tomorrow night Donald
Trump is thinking about how he can steal
Combes thunder up I'm willing to bet on
that and you know he will fire roses on
maybe a show maybe before the show is
over or before the weekend is out and
that's gonna dominate the news and
that's what Donald Trump wants and then
the Republicans in Congress will say oh
this is constitutional crisis a terrible
and do absolutely nothing yeah I don't
want him obviously than to fire him but
I'm so sick of this cliffhanger that I'm
like just by fire I'm already fire these
let's get
with it being on you for the right time
the joke was that this guy is a reality
star he had a show on NBC now he's
managed to have a show on every network
including this network including ever
this dude is the modern-day PT Barnum
he's got everyone talking about him it's
like fire the guy already and please
just let's get rid of this guy cuz I'm
like I can getting a headache I have
children I want to talk to I don't want
to spend my time reading your stupid
tweets so just do it and let us impeach
you well you're right they're not gonna
do anything and and and and I don't know
what I'm gonna believe I'm moving I
think I think what I'm just real quick
what I would love is look I know that
Muller wants to do a thorough
investigation that's why it's taking so
long but I would love for the
investigation to be over and I really
don't care about what the outcome is I
can speculate about the outcome but it's
it's I would like this to no longer be a
big news story I know but it doesn't
work that way
I don't know okay so look lastly on this
you know bill mentioned that the
Republicans aren't gonna do anything
about impeachment news story out in
National Journal turns out some portion
of the Democrats are counseling that
they should do nothing so they're like
we're gonna beat the Republicans to the
punch in doing nothing if he fires Rosen
Stein led by Mark Warner there and and
the so-called moderate Democrats they
say step one don't call for impeachment
and that there should be a cooling-off
period where we don't say any about it
for one or two days so in the middle of
him creating a constitutional crisis and
when the iron is hot as usual the
incredibly stupid Democrats are like oh
let's not do something about it what
everyone cares when everyone cares no
let's do a cooling-off period and make
sure we don't do why so let me read you
from graphic 36 here from National
Journal leaders came to the conclusion
that talking about impeachment would be
unproductive because it would turn away
Republicans Wow so hold I mean look I I
don't know if it's the whole point
but Democrats have been pushing for an
investigation into Russian meddling
since the beginning because they want to
make annex
use for why Hilary lost I mean it and so
now they're not gonna do anything about
it
I I don't understand so if but if there
is proof of Russian meddling if this
investigation indicates that there was
collusion or obstruction of justice
they're not gonna do anything about it
no it just proves that Democrats can
screw up a 2-car funeral I mean you know
what I say seriously this is the moment
this is the opportunity if all this
happens which I think it is going to
happen and for them to take this
approach that now's the time to do
nothing no now's the time to grow a pair
and take action and that's what the
American people want and this insane
idea that we may turn off some of the
Trump base or turn off some Republicans
they're never got a frickin vote for you
anyhow if you liked this video bless
your heart we got a lot more where that
came from we do a full show every day
Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
