an RNC official has resigned from his
position following an explosive report
that reveals the fact that he paid a
Playboy model one point six million
dollars in hush money to prevent any
information about the affair he had with
her and the fact that she got pregnant
from that affair and then had an
abortion now Elliott Brody is his name
he's the former deputy finance chair of
the RNC and he's a he's a longtime Trump
supporter he's an interesting looking
guy under the terms of this deal the
Republican donor Elliot Brody would pay
the woman in installations over the
course of two years and in return she
would agree to stay silent about their
relationship now here is the fascinating
part about all this the most important
part about all of this because who cares
about their affair this deal the
settlement was arranged by President
Trump's personal lawyer and fixer
Michael Cohen so we're seeing again a
pattern of Cohen coming in and paying
hush money to different women who could
potentially destroy the careers of men
who are either Donald Trump himself or
connected to Trump the lawyer for the
woman Keith M Davidson also represented
two women who were paid during the
presidential campaign for their silence
about alleged affairs with Trump Karen
McDougal
and Stephanie Clifford also known as
stormy Daniels so the allegations are
that miss Brody had paid for an
exclusive sexual relationship for of one
or two years with this woman to begin
with before their alleged pregnancy now
I say alleged pregnancy because it was
actually never confirmed that she was
pregnant she refused to take any kind of
test that whether it was his kid or not
she then said to him that I got an
abortion but after these and at this
some point these papers are signed
the papers say something very
interesting they say now this is not
about the child or what might happen
with the child which sounds like we're
paying for the abortion but we remember
this is not about the abortion okay
because I would never do that because
I'm a very important person in the
Republican Party because so I add fur
when I read the headline I thought 1.6
million dollars if this guy's really
loaded and you're gonna pay you know
child-custody 4 and then I realized oh
my god you read the story there is no
child it's just a 1.6 million dollars as
a pail that's a gigantic
the president only paid 130 thousand
dollars to keep the porno star adultery
hidden why is this guy paying 1.6
million dollars and so look he might be
richer than the president there might be
a couple of different reasons
but she says she had an abortion he paid
her 1.6 million dollars even if he
didn't agree to the abortion as he
claims first of all he doesn't seem to
be shedding any tears second of all I
thought you guys told me the pro-life
guys told me that it was murder so why
would he pay 1.6 million dollars to a
person who murdered their child mm-hmm
no that's not my way of thinking about
it but you tell me that's your way of
thinking about it is Brody gonna work in
the Republican Party again when he's
apparently happy to pay for a woman who
got an abortion at a minimum even if it
wasn't for their abortion he knew that
it was he claims yeah I knew that she
got an abortion and I paid her anyway
well you know if you're a rich elite
those you know those rules don't apply
to you so you can do whatever you want
but for everybody else you should keep
the baby no matter what your situation
is you need to keep the baby because
they've decided for you but if they're
rich and they can pay it then then
they'll do it and also by the way
Michael Cohen is involved in a lot of
sexual related issue he's like a pimp
yeah look for me that's the that's the
heart of the story I mean yes there's
the salacious angle and the fact that
it's another Republican you know this is
the party of so-called Family Values the
apocrypha is obviously there but Michael
Cohen is in the middle of all of these
hush money agreements and a lot of
members of trumps administration are
concerned right now because Cohen is
known for taping a lot of the
conversations that he has and so this
FBI rate happens there is a possibility
that they've obtained all these
different tapes that could implicate a
bunch of people who are close to Trump
or maybe even Trump himself and so Cohen
is fighting
to prevent the use of those tapes in any
type of court proceeding to QuickBooks
number one I think this shows stormy
Daniels got cheated she only got 130
grant to look this this may not be
Donald Trump but it's not so far from
Donald Trump because this is Donald
Trump's lawyer and I think this and the
fact he had to resign adds credibility
to stormy Daniels and to Karen McDougal
in what they're saying about their
affair with Donald Trump and their hush
money and also back to Cohen again
that's some weird shit that he records
his comment I don't I don't know anybody
who records their conversations
this dude is up to some weird stuff he
knows he's up to no good you're not
you're not recording conversations with
your whatever mom or whatever you're
recording conversations where you like
something's gonna be implicated I'm
gonna need this down the line to protect
me so this dude is dirty they're all
dirty and it's just it blows my mind I
can't wait for the tape to come out but
by the way his supporters will still say
oh he found God let's let's find out who
this playboy model is and judge her for
having an abortion but anyway I do want
to quickly read from an anonymous trump
advisor who spoke to the press in
regards to these tapes that Michael
Cohen had we heard he had some
proclivity to make tapes now we're
wondering who did he tape did he store
those someplace where they were actually
seized did they find his recording so
they're very much concerned about those
recordings I am NOT concerned I am
excited and I'm sure what comes out from
these you know tapes if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
