Donald Trump has walked back some of his
comments regarding the foreign policy
strategy towards Syria now previously he
said that he would intervene following
allegations that Assad's regime had used
chemical weapons and now he is allegedly
or alleging that he never said he was
gonna attack and he'll make a decision
very soon so let me give you his most
recent tweet on this he tweeted never
said when an attack on Syria would take
place could be very soon or not so soon
at all in any event the United States
under my administration has done a great
job of ridding the region of Isis where
is our thank you America so like he
reads all his mail yeah this is please
stop tweeting just stop tweeting walk
away from your phone or whatever
whatever you use to tweet this is such a
bad idea we this could the story this
this sort of type of headline this
assessment that I'm about to make could
be made every day but I mean president
United States said never said when an
attack on Syria would take place could
be very soon or not so soon at all like
it's just right that's you know but it's
what how do you it's just a thing that's
the 19th most interesting thing that
happened in Washington air tonight but
he is a unhinged unbelievably ignorant
player on the world stage and waivers on
pretty much everything goes back and
forth it really depends on who he's
talking to on any given day and the last
person with whom he spoke and the other
thing is he has nobody he lives now you
know in a room with people who are he
doesn't trust anymore so he's got these
new people there there's no confidant
there there's no Bannon who he can even
if he disagrees with and doesn't like
that that makes sense to me you know
there's nothing there and John Kelly's
been so marginalized there there's
nothing I mean he's just there with his
phone and that's yeah and the reason why
I'm having this reaction to this tweet
does it it is not because I think we
need military action in Syria don't
misinterpret I'm concerned because he
changes his mind day by day
and shares it very
publicly on his Twitter account which I
think you know it just kind of
destabilizes the situation even further
and the reporters did speak to him today
and he commented on this a little
further so I want to go to that video
let's take a look we're looking very
very seriously very closely at that
whole situation and we'll see what
happens folks we'll see what happens
it's too bad that the world puts us in a
position like that but you know as I
said this morning we've done a great job
with Isis we have just absolutely
decimated Isis but now we have to make
some further decisions so they'll be
made fairly soon thank you all very much
so it's clear there that he you know is
walking back the comments a little bit
these are the comments that he made on
Wednesday by the way which were much
more hawkish towards Syria and Assad's
regime Trump announced Wednesday that he
intended to launch a missile strike
against the Syrian regime of Bashar
al-assad retaliation for the
government's alleged use of chemical
weapons on a civilian population in the
suburb of Damascus and of course here is
the notorious tweet that he had put out
earlier Russia vows to shoot down any
and all missiles fired at Syria
get ready Russia because they will be
coming nice and new and smart I don't
know why smart is in quotation marks it
just doesn't make any sense you
shouldn't be partners with a gas killing
animal who kills people who kills his
people and enjoys it now I want to be
clear about something so far there has
been no concrete evidence linking the
chemical attack to Assad's regime the
United States is now claiming that they
tested the urine and blood of some of
the victims and that the tests were
positive for chlorine and in some cases
sarin as well but again there is no
concrete evidence tying it to Assad and
even madis has said that he wants to be
careful in regard to their strategy
moving forward with Syria because they
don't have that evidence yet McCrone the
leader of France says that he does have
evidence linking it to Bashar al-assad
but I have yet to see that evidence yeah
I mean look we're also not hearing
a degree of rhetoric from either the
Defense Department or the CIA here of
anyone saying that it it isn't Assad so
I mean I got it we don't like to see
evidence we don't that no one no one
thinks that they need to convince the
three of us that it was probably Assad
because that's what he does
right and it that makes the most sense
unless right it's a this so we're
thinking that it's this sophisticated
ploy to get us to attack Syria well
there is an interesting look on Friday
the Washington Post had this incredible
piece regarding Trump and his
disagreements with his own generals so
the generals want to remain in Syria
they do not want to pull all the troops
out there about two thousand troops in
Syria at this moment Trump on the other
hand doesn't understand why we're still
in Syria he wants to take some sort of
aggressive aggressive military action be
very quick about it and then get out and
his generals disagree with that so there
are because that won't to be fair the
generals want to remain in Syria right
they believe leaving Syria will
destabilize the situation further and
the and many Republicans though two on
the Armed Services Committee agree not
surprisingly with the generals they
think it was a foolish thing to even
forecast and to actually do yes at this
stage
look I think I think that much for me
personally the biggest concern is
escalating military involvement in Syria
based on something that we don't have
evidence for yet you see what I'm saying
so I don't I don't want another Iraq
where well some intelligence indicates
that there are weapons of mass
destruction and then people get
persuaded that it's a good idea to do a
preemptive strike and then we end up
with a mess
now Syria is a little different but
again you know I'm worried that we don't
have the intelligence yet and people are
persuaded that we need to take more
military action here area here's why I
don't like that argument because that
argument suggests that if we get the
intelligence that proves it we should
have a missile strike and I don't even
know you don't necessarily
I just he's a madman who has no plan no
concept of what's good bad no concept of
who to listen to no concept of when the
smartest guy in the room has shown up or
the smartest ten people in the room with
a plan on Syria with some idea by the
way there is no there's no right answer
on Syria as we've learned for all of our
collective lives but by the way we're
doing very good on Isis we are doing
very good at night where's our Thank You
America yeah thanks I'm sorry thank you
I want it like dr. Gary petty my
therapist I'd like him to spend some
time analyzing Trump this is really I
mean this is a guy just a bundle of
nerves and defensiveness right off the
bat I love it
so he has no plan and I don't knock that
I mean you know Obama didn't have a
concrete plan there is not although you
know again
oh mama may have should probably
shouldn't have said the thing about the
red line but more important than saying
think about the red line was not
launching an attack when the rest I got
crossed that's on so Trump is a talks
nonsense I don't think we should worry
about the evidence at this point I just
don't mean get in we're not there's not
some ruse being played here
odds are and you Michael you step in
because you know better you've been
covering this or talking about it
extensively for the fair pariah 24 but
like when does the likelihood that it
wasn't Assad is pretty small it's pretty
small right and yeah of course I assume
we'll look at it and the oddity here is
that we desperately need now both the
Defense Department and the CIA despite
the fact that at least the CIA is run by
people who we don't trust at all
to at least there are some professionals
there who we hope will leak information
if it if if there is something
suggesting otherwise so I'm not waiting
for something to prove it because if
they're spending the time proving that
it was Assad the only way that they're
the only reason they would ever prove it
to us is so that they can then justify
to launch an attack that's a good point
and I don't want to launch an attack
period I don't want to intervene further
than what we've already done I think
it's a bad idea
I mean we have not done anything to
stabilize any situation in the Middle
East in recent but your point which I
agree with is that even for the crowd
that does want to write the what would
warrant it in their eyes is if they knew
that these were chemical weapons
launched by Bashar al-assad and they
don't know that yet either so even if
you're gonna make that play which you
can you know there's a unanimity here
about disagreeing with it but the point
is if you're gonna have the conversation
and someone says you know Michael this
is why I think we should launch it I
would want them to say it's because
those are chemical weapons that were
launched not because a massive failure
across administrations
there's a you know massive refugee
crisis here we have the Syrian people
who have been largely abandoned to
hideous fighting and and and and the
international world despite some
legitimate efforts has let them down and
everybody everybody now be angle of
Merkel because she let people in and
sort of led on that but in terms of
finding a solution yeah right and it's a
and these are imposters are nearly
impossible scissors but we're not even
having meaningful talks right now we're
not and I think that's the most
important takeaway from this which is
the point that you made Ben that what we
should be the most concerned about is
that we are dealing with a president who
is not knowledgeable about the nuances
of this situation who can't really make
up his mind who has no real foreign
policy strategy and more importantly
always talks about everything in
incredibly vague terms and defensive
terms yeah defensive terms so that makes
me feel uneasy because regardless of
where you stand on Syria and what the
foreign policy should be none of it
really matters when you have someone
like Trump who changes his mind day to
day depending on who he last spoke to
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you can watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash joint
