students at a high school in Miami held
a walkout Tuesday this is Miami
northwestern high school and the reason
they conducted this walkout is because a
student and another former student the
school were shot and killed over the
weekend this is a site of quite a bit of
violence this exact sort just this year
alone there have been multiple shootings
in this area in this particular case
kimsen Greene who was a tenth grader at
the school and Rickey Dixon a former
student at the high school were both
killed Sunday in a shooting in Liberty
City the housing projects there kimsen
green by the way it was just a month
away from being inducted in the National
Honor Society but on Sunday afternoon he
and three others were caught in a
shooting in that neighborhood two others
were wounded as well by the way police
still apparently have almost no
information about the shooter or
shooters motives the way it was
conducted and all of that but we do want
to show you some of that walkout that
was conducted we have some video here
cookies gonna say no that donkeys can
see the neighborhood without losing
their lives are they got me running
bullets
enough is enough
he was alone everybody loved my baby
everybody except for the person that
killed
he was my heart I can UK live without
your heart that's actually important to
us because we're in Liberty City right
and nobody talks about gun control
it's supposed to happen first gun
violence is prevalent in Juju's we only
gain these streets oka more than our
blood is our tears and without crying
retard crying for these hateful times
these guns are cause you make faces that
people are made we're just become the
most persistent so unfortunately this
sort of violence doesn't generally get
covered very much partially because it's
it's not a person going into a school
and shooting a bunch of people all at
once in a big shocking fashion it's a
community that is constantly always
plagued by this sort of violence and
those kids have experienced it many
times before and then on top of that of
course there's bias based on race and
socioeconomic status and all of that but
this sort of violence is every bit as
important and as tragic as the other
sorts of school-based and youth violence
that we've been talking about over the
past couple of months and thankfully the
Parkland students that have been doing
so much advocacy have been acknowledging
this and attempting to use their new
platform and the spotlights that's being
shed on their actions and what they've
said to to talk about exactly this sort
of violence as well yes so a great
credit to the Miami Herald for that
video will and we'll have the link down
below in the description box on YouTube
and because a lot of other press is not
covering it and there is a uniting theme
unfortunately its guns so it's not that
no one would ever die without guns but
guns make it much much easier whether
it's a mass shooting inside of school or
shootings that happen quite regularly in
some communities that don't get enough
attention because it happens a couple of
people at a time and for all the reasons
that John mentioned but we're paying
attention I'm glad to Miami Herald was
paying attention there and and great
credit to Emma Grizzles and David Hogg
again for putting a further spotlight on
this issue and so there's a there's a
lot of different ways that gun violence
costs all of us and this is one of the
ways and this is one of the instances
where thankfully there is social media
because I came across the story because
of that I didn't see it in any of the
dozens of news pages that I go to but it
was being talked about on Twitter I want
to read a couple of statements first
from two of the students there Kalia
Thomas said during the walkout I think
it will help people see us black people
are coming together as one and trying to
stop the violence
Ricky Pope another student said it's
just murder murder murder and nothing
ever changes so we're here to start a
movement and as Genk alluded to some of
the parkland students were tweeting
about this
Gonzalez had tweeted north-western walk
out because especially in communities
and situations involving people of color
no one should have to grow up with the
fear of being shot and in many cases
survived only to be ignored you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
