Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial has
just begun this is the sexual assault
trial involving aundrea constant in an
is incident that allegedly occurred back
in 2004 she had alleged that he drugged
her and assaulted her and the original
trial ended up with the jurors unable to
reach an agreement however in this new
trial there will be different standards
the judge is making some different
decisions which we'll get to in just a
second but apparently as Cosby was out
in the public attending his trial he was
rushed by a female protester named
Nicole Rochelle and she was topless when
she charged at him luckily there were
cops there who managed to keep her away
I don't know if she was planning on
causing any type of physical harm but
she was a protester who said that she
was doing this in an effort to protect
the victims of Bill Cosby now she has
been charged with disorderly conduct
also inna Shevchenko Shevchenko is a
paris-based leader of FEMEN and she told
The Associated Press that the activist
was seeking to defend Cosby's alleged
victims calling the protest our
contribution to the global revolt
launched by me too well look she was
looking to get attention to the Cosby
case and she did you know she went
topless I don't have any reason to
believe that she would have done
anything more than draw attention I of
course the cops had to stop her and they
did but that leads us to talk more about
the case which is not such a bad thing
right absolutely I have to be honest she
succeeded in in drawing more attention
to the retrial which I hadn't been
paying attention to at all and so here's
what we know about the retrial and and
this is important Cosby's first trial
last spring ended with jurors unable to
reach a unanimous verdict after five
days of tense deliberations on charges
that he drugged and molested constant
who was at Temple University at the time
at his suburban Philadelphia home back
in 2004 he is facing three charges of
aggravated
decent assault each punishable by up to
ten years in prison so this time around
the judge has made some exceptions that
that weren't made in the previous trial
for instance he's letting prosecutors
have five additional accusers testify
including model Janice Dickinson I don't
know if that's gonna work to their
advantage but we'll see as they attempt
to show Cosby made a habit of drugging
and violating women the judge also
allowed just one other accuser to take
the stand last time so again there was
only one accuser able to do that in the
previous trial this time the judge is
making an exception to allow prosecutors
to show a pattern and as we know the
accusers shared very similar stories
about their alleged experience with Bill
Cosby and his alleged sexual misconduct
a couple other differences they were
also gonna let a Temple University
colleague of Costin testify against her
saying that she wanted to set up a
high-profile person Constance says she's
absolutely lying but that will help
Cosby in the trial that she's allowed to
testify they're also gonna let them find
out how much the settlement was for
between constant and Bill Cosby when
they did the civil settlement earlier
that could play either way Cosby's
lawyers are very aggressive this time
around trying to really smear her and
the other women and they're saying oh
she's just looking for a big payday her
counter-argument is if you didn't do it
why did you give this giant sum of money
and so and then one last factor that's
important is the last trial happened
before the me2 movement when they asked
jurors how many of them knew the me2
movement almost every single one of them
had heard of it so it could make a big
difference I think the biggest
difference is gonna be that they're
gonna allow five other victims rather
than just one that establishes a pattern
that is really hard to get past so Bill
Cosby might actually go to jail there
exactly and there's one other thing that
I think is important but it's still up
in the air there's a question about
whether or not the judge is going to
allow the jurors to hear Cosby's
deposition from a lawsuit filed against
Cosby by
constant in the early 2000s in that
deposition he admitted to he admitted he
this is his deposition he admitted to
sometimes giving women quaaludes before
having sex with them so that obviously
could be very damaging there's no reason
in my mind why you shouldn't admit that
that is very relevant to this case we'll
see how that turns out but either way it
looks like Cosby's in some serious
trouble
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole younger
so every day
