the Atlantic has just decided to fire a
conservative writer on its site Kevin
Williamson is his name and previously he
was an op-ed writer for National Review
well I guess everyone's an op-ed writer
for National Review but nonetheless this
all started when some of his tweets from
the past came to everyone's attention
apparently in those tweets he had talked
about the issue of abortion and since he
comes from a very conservative
perspective he had this to say
so his firing last month had already
drawn scrutiny over past tweets in which
he stated that the law should treat
abortion like any other homicide and
that for punishment I have hanging more
in mind those tweets have since been
deleted so when that happened the editor
in chief for the Atlantic
decided not to fire him so his name is
Jeffrey Goldberg and he essentially said
look we can't judge people based on
their worst tweets and I actually agree
with him on that all of us at some point
have probably tweeted something that we
regret and don't actually mean she
wanted to give him the benefit of the
doubt however it turns out that Media
Matters did a little digging and found
some of Kevin williamson's comments from
back in 2014 during a National Review
podcast now we have that podcast for you
now so you can take a listen and judge
for yourselves and then I'll give you an
update on what Williamson's fate is I
kind of already told you but still and
someone challenged me on my views
abortion you know saying if you really
thought it was a crime you would support
things like you know life in prison no
parole
of treating some homicide and I do
support that in fact as I wrote what
I've - honey we already have degrees of
culpability in punishment or the others
with homicide cases you know we have
including some of those that I don't
agree with you know like laws that
enhance penalties for murder whether it
involves a government official
you know police officer something like
that you know hate crimes laws things
like that but we also make you know
distinctions between certain kinds of
murders in certain cases you know these
shocking miss the cruelty of the crime
it makes a difference you know two guys
get in a fight in a bar and one of them
pulls out a gun shoots the other is
treated differently from some you know
guy kidnaps a 90 year old woman and
tortures her you know and that's that's
okay so words you and I I don't think
agree quite on the underlying issue of
abortion at least you know the degree of
criminality I mean I think we can agree
on that that there's certainly
reasonable cases to be made for
differentiating you know my broader
point here is the course that I am up is
you I'm kind of squishing on capital
punishment general but that I'm
absolutely willing to see abortion treat
is like a regular homicide under the
Criminal Code sure you know it makes a
lot of sense you he's so pro life that
he would like to see women who have had
abortions hung or hanged I should say so
after that podcast came to light and
Jeffrey Goldberg the editor in chief for
the Atlantic had a conversation with
Williamson Goldberg decided to in fact
fire him so let me give you Goldberg's
reasoning and this came in the form of a
memo that was sent out to everyone at
the Atlantic the language he used in
this podcast and in my conversations
with him in recent days made it clear
that the original tweet did in fact
represent his carefully considered views
he continued to say the tweet was not
merely an impulsive decontextualized
heat-of-the-moment post as kevin had
explained it furthermore the language
used in the podcast was callous and
violent this runs contrary to the
Atlantic's tradition of respectful well
reasoned debate and to the values of our
workplace yeah so Jeffrey Goldberg who's
getting a lot of heat of course from a
lot of different directions from
liberals initially saying you should
never hire this guy in the first place
and then you've got conservatives now
saying this is an outrage and hey you
know this is the thought police etc I
mean we just want to hang some women and
you guys have been all thoughtfully
about it so let me be among the few
people who says that I think Jeffrey
Goldberg probably got it exactly right
so
what I mean by that is the tweet from
don't you gotta have a really high
barrier for firing someone over an old
tweet so the fact that he didn't fire
him after that I think was the right
move I you know people's tweet stupid
stuff all the time and it's in the past
and if he's past it no problem but to me
the most important part of gold' Bruce
quote was that he talked to him this is
that's what we asked for on the show all
the time instead of just firing people
have a conversation bring them in hear
them out whether it's left-wing or
right-wing and see what their current
you know ideas are and then you might
even want to do that publicly at some
point and go and if Kevin William has a
different stance now maybe he explains
it not unlike a mere cult but enforced
apologies etc but like hey this is what
I used to think this is what I think now
and it turns out Goldberg did have that
conversation with him he's like oh no he
still believes those ridiculous
outrageous things and if he does then
he's got to go right there's it's I'm
not arguing that we should lock up this
guy for saying what he said I think that
the Atlantic is completely so that guy
originally the guy with the beard down
here that looks like one of those like
bald guys with like the magnet hair that
you can move from the top to the bottom
that guy I think that that guy is
totally within his rights to say what he
said I totally get like he's almost like
Modest Proposal approach to it but the
Atlantic gets to choose who their
writers are and they get to choose what
their editorial stance is and how they
present ideas and it's totally within
their rights to disagree with people
that come that formulate and present
ideas in this way I just feel like
there's not enough I want to know who
does the research for all of these
organizations not only the Atlantic the
New York Times other publications have
run into the same thing where they hire
someone to be an opinion writer then you
know of course the Internet does the
digging and then something comes out and
then they're forced to fire them after
the fact but like shouldn't that be
especially if you're a media
organization a journalistic organization
so you do the research before you sign
the contract are you
but no one does research as well as the
internet so and it might be media
matters in this case the center but once
people start digging right they dig and
dig and dig until they get something and
so and in that and so in that light I
one more note of mixed feelings about
this so I say Goldberg's right because I
wouldn't he
I wouldn't hire someone or want to keep
someone who thinks we should hang women
who had abortions I think that's a
monstrous thought right you know
state-sponsored executions by the way
there's a pier up is on but I like that
he was like I don't kind of squishy on
carrion but what he comes to women I'd
like to hang I think that's such an
important point because it's you know
when it comes to he went on this long
spiel about all these different types of
you know homicide murder premeditated
whatever different standards he agrees
with it but when it comes to women and
abortion yeah hanging like that's what I
want I want to see them hanged yeah it's
just like an unfunny stand-up bit that
they just want to be like a shock jock
on that's what it says yeah yeah and and
I've been there Soho and I'm gonna get
to that in a second the reason I say I'm
slightly mixed those because look if he
says I mean I think it's a life so I
think it's a crime I get it
that I see is intellectually consistent
if he says we should execute the women
because it's a homicide and just stopped
it there I would find that opinion to be
outrageous and horrific but but at least
I understand it on an intellectual level
when he gets to the hanging there's a
certain gratuitous joy in that that
seems particularly misogynistic and
that's what puts me over the top and
goes now there's something off with this
guy which then leads me to my other
point which is you're trying to hire a
conservative and I get the impulse to do
that good luck to you brother you're
gonna find a conservative in this
country that hasn't said or done
something horrific I mean that's not the
world we live in today
I saw him is just drawing two columns
together he has the one that's about the
if it's an abortion is murder murder is
the death penalty and another column
where he's like when we do the death
penalty why do we put some
in a chair and inject them with stuff we
should accept it for as brutal as it is
and hang them but by putting all those
things together I think the Atlantic is
totally within their rights to say like
whoa
you just told said we should hang
mothers who've been through some crap I
think the problem is more of you know
the the propensity within the media to
want to make everything equal right give
everything a fair side and so when
you're saying like we want to put a good
conservative onto our roster
rather than just finding someone who is
smart who writes and says things that
are nuanced do you want to make sure
like oh do they have some positions that
we consider to be really right or really
conservative that might be like a you
know a punch to someone's face and then
you think that that's justifiable right
and then in your search for the token
conservative or token liberal whatever
you're doing right unfortunately what
ends up happening is you find someone
who's on the extreme end of the spectrum
that doesn't actually represent the
thoughts and beliefs of the majority of
concerned I don't think I hope by the
way I'm right on this that the majority
of conservatives believe that women who
have abortions should be hanged but you
know again when you look for that
conservative perspective for your paper
or whatever a publication you have I
think that you're gonna end up running
into the wrong people maybe that'll be
kicked up that editorial be kicked up
being so polemic in the face book out
there but it gets somebody clicks but
but that's exactly right but actually
that phenomenon has been around a long
time cuz I know it because I lived it
look a part of the reason I say that is
because there is a bit of a competition
to out shock-jock one another when
you're a conservative I did that and I
wrote terrible things when I was a
conservative because the idea is like oh
I'll show you I could be an even bigger
dirtbag than the other conservative and
because that is what is rewarded that's
when people go oh my god this guy is
bold he's gonna hang women in the public
square go get him and that's what helped
Kevin Williamson to riot Williamson to
rise in the first place and then Atlanta
caught the Atlantic's attention then
they higher and they realized oh that's
why conservatives get popular in this
country you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
