hey everyone its David Sirota so an
interesting update from New Jersey four
years ago I reported a big series on how
the Christie administration in New
Jersey was spending more and more money
more and more of retirees pension money
to hire politically connected Wall
Street firms to manage the state's
massive public pension fund it was up to
four hundred million dollars a year back
then that New Jersey was paying in fees
to private equity firms hedge fund firms
real estate investment firms a venture
capital firms many of them whose
executives had been making major
donations to Republican organizations
that were connected to Chris Christie
there was a big question about whether
the the investment contracts were worth
it were they generating enough of a
return for New Jersey's pension fund to
justify these huge fees and there was a
big argument in the state that included
ultimately legislative hearings pushed
for new legislation about fees there was
a big debate about whether it was worth
the fees there was also a big question
about whether the contracts were being
awarded on the basis of political
favoritism rather than on the basis of
merit so into all of this came Phil
Murphy who is now the Democratic
governor of New Jersey he campaigned for
governor last year in part on a promise
to reduce fees at the state's pension
fund and to basically pull the state out
of these risky hedge funds and private
equity firms now what was interesting
about this was that Murphy previously
had served not only as an ambassador but
as the head of Goldman Sachs so there
were questions about whether he would be
a guy who would court Wall Street and be
as close to Wall Street as Christie but
he campaigned after all of those
headlines about Wall Street fees at the
pension fund he campaigned promising to
pull the state out of its hedge fund and
private equity investments some people
didn't necessarily believe that the
former head of Goldman Sachs would ever
do that but there was news late last
week that Murphy
started to actually follow through on
this promise the state's pension
overseers have effectively frozen any of
them any new investments in hedge funds
and private equity and remember this is
a massive pension fund more than 75
billion dollar pension funds so this is
a lot of public money and it's it's part
taxpayers money and part retirees money
it's for those those retirees of current
and and retired teachers firefighters
cops and the like and Murphy it appears
is following through at least taking the
first step to follow through on a plan
to basically say that New Jersey
taxpayers are not going to be at least
through the pension fund investing in
these risky hedge funds and private
equity firms so it's worth always
following the money and when we
originally reported that story about
those fees and Chris Christie the Newark
star-ledger said it was a quote
curiously overlooked story involving
hundreds and hundreds of millions of
dollars ultimately over the years
billions of dollars and it's always
worth when you're following the money to
follow through and see if the people who
are making campaign promises are
actually following through on those
promises and here you have an example of
a new governor a new Democratic governor
who came in and making a promise to
reduce the payouts that New Jersey has
been making to these politically
connected very wealthy Wall Street
executives he has made that promise and
it looks like he is taking the first
step to following through on that
promise now again this is a huge amount
of money right you hear a lot about
about what goes on in Congress and that
in Congress there's a lot of money
that's sloshing around there as well you
don't often hear about the money at the
state level and much of that money
though is in these pension funds these
giant multi-billion dollar funds that
are designed to basically finance the
retirement benefits that are promised to
public employees when they are hired
this is money that it's the the state as
an employer the state kicks in money the
workers themselves kick in money and
it's supposed to basically finance of
retirement benefits that they are
promised and those benefits are often
promised in lieu of salary upfront so
there's a huge amount of money in states
and cities all across the country in
these funds and it has become one of the
biggest places that Wall Street makes
its profits from the fees that that Wall
Street firms earn from managing these
these giant sums of money and in New
Jersey it was one of the biggest
examples of where the state was paying a
huge amount of money for returns that
critics were arguing weren't even
beating over all the stock market that
you could get better returns by just
putting it the money into a low fee
stock index fund so here you have an
example of a new Democratic governor who
has promised to take action on this and
appears to be taking the first step will
he follow through it's a good question
and it's worth watching because again
Murphy was that the head of Goldman
Sachs not exactly somebody who isn't
personally at least friendly with Wall
Street but he is taking the first step
to cutting down on those fees and and I
think that if he continues forward on
this that it will become something
potentially of a national model where
you have a governor with ties to Wall
Street who by the way clearly knows how
much Wall Street is making off of these
kinds of fees you know the governor who
is who has gotten into office campaigned
on reducing these fees and is taking
that step it could be an inspiration to
other governors across the country who
are looking for places to to save money
and and are overseeing pension funds
that have deficits that can't afford to
continue paying huge fees for middling
returns keep watching the story we're
talking about tens and tens of billions
of dollars just involved in this one
state and ultimately if Murphy is
successful and other states follow suit
you're talking about a potential shift
of hundreds and hundreds of billions of
dollars
you
