so we're here in the Bronx outside of
Alex's apartment and we were coming up
to go say hi I kind of got the sense
that we were in the right place when I
saw this we already said hi but let's
walk in are you that's our we've already
said hi before don't worry we're
authentic here at TYT I'm not going to
say that we haven't come in here before
but we want to talk a little bit to Alex
about you know where you've where you're
coming from where you've been where you
you grew up in the Bronx in this area
yeah yeah so that's great so can you
talk a little bit about why you want to
be in public service because I know that
you've worked on as a burny community
organizer and we can see that from the
sign out there yeah no totally I I grew
up kind of between two worlds
I grew up half in the Bronx my dad had a
business here I was born in this
neighborhood but then I also grew up
half a little bit more upstate as well
because when I was a young kid my mom
saw the state of public schools in the
Bronx and we couldn't afford private
school we couldn't really afford tuition
anywhere else so my whole family had
kind of chipped in for a tiny little
house upstate and I went to public
school about 40 minutes north of here so
spending half of my time here with my
family where my dad kind of made a
living and everything and then spending
half of my time more upstate it really
showed me how income inequality had an
impact on children's lives and how the
zip code that you're born in impacts
your destiny and so that was always
something that I was aware of but New
York City politics is a crazy place to
be and I never really envisioned myself
there but you know I in 2016 I helped
organize for the Bernie Sanders campaign
and after that I went to Flint and I
spent time in Standing Rock and I really
felt like we are at a point in our
democracy where we need to be firing on
all cylinders and we need to be
challenging the establishment everywhere
that it is and this is my place in that
broader revolution so can you tell me a
little bit about
the neighborhood here yeah so this
specific neighborhood is called
Parkchester it's actually a really
historic neighborhood in the Bronx and
it's traditionally been just a first
generation community so back in the day
either a lot of Irish working-class
families that moved in they really built
their families here and then that became
very very strong Puerto Rican community
and now we have very strong Bangladeshi
first-generation families here and it's
one of the few places in New York where
you can actually own your apartment
instead of renting it and so most other
places you have to like buy your entire
building to own where you live so that's
what makes this such a strong engine for
growth for working-class communities and
so families come here kids can go to
school here it's very family-oriented
and it's really one of like the rare
places in New York one of the rare
pockets where you can do that there are
a couple of other neighborhoods in the
district actually in Jackson Heights
Woodside Sunnyside where you choose old
sewer districts which is also in my
district yeah and yeah I mean
homeownership I'm constantly being told
is the cornerstone of financial success
for a family yet especially in New York
it's becoming even like almost
impossible I don't know how you can't be
a millionaire and owned almost in any
area in New York Queens you know the
Bronx even included it's just
unbelievable absolutely the inventory of
livable space but in New York City is
shrinking but the ironic part about it
is that in New York City these luxury
real estate developers they're lobbying
our local politicians everyone from
Congress down to City Council to rezone
neighborhoods and so we have these like
really big we have these really big
luxury buildings that are going up all
over the city they're going up in Long
Island City they're going up in
Manhattan but they're empty right about
I think there was a report this week
that showed about over 270,000
nets are vacant in these luxury
buildings that are going up and a lot of
the times it's because just having the
building provides enough equity in in a
firm's portfolio that they're not even
incentivized to fill them up right I
mean that just brings to mind the fact
that Jared Kushner's infamous building
six six six six six Fifth Avenue and
it's very satanic has 30% vacancy and
he's poured you know billions of dollars
into this it's just kind of a case study
for how New York real estate has become
so unbelievably expensive and in the
real estate developers are really the
ones running the show not the fact that
its supply and demand or a healthy
economic principle yeah absolutely and
it also goes to show as well that this
is happening not this is happening with
the really with the permission and with
the active collaboration of many of our
public officials and that's the thing
that people don't understand it's not
just permission I'm sorry but the
lobbying and the donation exactly that's
exactly people think that the soaring
cost of living in New York City in
Denver in San Francisco that is
happening just by accident or it's
happening as an accident of the of the
free market but really these
corporations are providing huge campaign
contributions to City Council folk to
our local congressmen to take over these
political machines to rezone New York
City into a place that's virtually
unlivable financially so this is a bit
of a off topic but I just think it's
also another example of lobbying in the
city so uber I tried to take uber as
little as little as I can because New
York City cab drivers were just
continuously going out of business and
uber apparently spent more on lobbying
last year on the federal level than
Walmart I think it's completely taken
over and seeing the demise of the cab
driver in Manhattan
it's just kind of a case study for
industry and working-class individuals
in the in the city being unable to kind
of make ends meet like they could have a
few decades ago yeah we're totally in
crisis and in New York City we've we've
had about the fourth cab driver suicide
right tied to financial despair last one
was in front of City Hall mm-hmm for the
viewers mm-hmm and what people don't
realize is that uber is essentially
subsidizing this and so when they
subsidized like falsely low fees what
ends up happening is that these drivers
make less than minimum wage and the
drivers who actually other yellow cab
drivers that work unionized labor sure
the fares are higher but they're the the
fares are actually reflective of the
cost of a ride whereas when uber takes
in all this private equity they're
subsidizing and the fares aren't
actually low
it's just that uber is paying for half
your fare we had this total farce of a
bank lobbyists bill that got passed with
the help of 16 Senate Democrats it was
16 and angus King yeah absolutely and so
you have Heidi Heitkamp and you have all
these folks saying oh yeah this
legislation is to help small community
banks and it's a farce
it's a lie I mean really what we're
talking about with these banks this was
a giveaway to huge huge huge bags and
they had the audacity to call them
medium-sized just because they're not in
the top four or five American Express
and Barclays were yeah exactly Barclays
is has a stadium in the in Brooklyn I
think that they're doing okay there now
that you mean any mom-and-pop shop
they're not but by conflating those two
things they try to kind of clean
I don't there's as other their champions
the Buster we're on right now the queue
44 is if I'm not mistaken it's probably
the only direct line or one of the only
direct lines that goes straight from the
Bronx to Queens the subway everything
else you have to take you have to go all
the way into Manhattan and all the way
out so this would either be in our
subway ride to get from Queens where it
takes 15 minutes via bus but the thing
is is that the bus is the only way you
can really get directly from one borough
to the other so it's some it's just like
really emblematic of the community
overall you have to navigate it by bus
when people think of New York State
public transit they think of the subway
but for outer boroughs outer boroughs
tend to be heavier bus users because the
subways really kind of designed with
Manhattan as the hub so the subway line
that was just built as the queue that
goes to the Upper East Side it's pretty
emblematic of inequities in New York
City that that's the the line and the
area that got priority with the subway
system
yeah and that's where we choose to
expand and that's where we choose to
invest in our public transit systems but
it's the surprise to no one here in New
York City that we have a crisis we have
an infrastructure crisis we have a
subway crisis because our government
really our governor isn't investing in
the infrastructure that we need down
here in the city so speaking of the
governor he has a primary challenger
obviously more progressive very
interesting case because she has amazing
rhetoric when I when I listened to her I
agree with everything you know she's for
single-payer she's for anti-corruption
et cetera but I was wondering where you
stand on that issue because it's it's
it's heating up the primary will
coincide the same day as Cynthia Nixon
verse for verse Cuomo yeah well I think
one of the big
that we have to face as New Yorkers is
especially as has New York City
residents is that I think that a lot of
our voting issues sometimes is less
about the stances and it's more about
the execution and I think we really need
to have a real conversation about
corruption in the city we need to have a
conversation about corruption in the
state because everyone runs up the
Democrat but except for you know some
other communities but in New York City
almost everyone runs as a democratic but
there is so much corruption that we
tolerate just because a person put this
D in front of their name and we is it's
of my opinion that we need to a fool of
our elected officials more accountable
for what's going on
I am personally as a voter I'm
profoundly disappointed in the
governor's inaction on my EDC on the
governor's in action on single-payer on
what's been going on with our subway
system or his corruption investigate his
chief aide for people that don't know
was just convicted on corruption charges
and I think it's a it's a really big
issue in this state and it's a really
big issue in this city and I think we
deserve to have a referendum on that I
really do because it's one thing to talk
the talk but a lot of people aren't
walking the walk
you
