Scott Pruett is the head of the EPA for
now he has gotten himself in a
tremendous amount of trouble
in fact article just came out with 22
different ethical issues surrounding
Scott Pruett now half of those the Trump
administration do not think our ethical
issues that those are the ones that are
far more important where he basically
does whatever industry lobbyists tell
him to do where he guts environmental
protection where he gets rid of the the
idea of climate change and actually
responding to it and protect the
American citizens know they love that
part of Scott Pruett but he's also got
himself in trouble with lavish spending
and salary increases for his two friends
that he brought into the EPA from
Oklahoma and and the sweetheart deal for
an apartment that he's renting in
Washington for a comical fifty dollars a
day and a days that he's traveling he
doesn't even have to pay sure how that's
how you around works too right so but
that's not really his main crime his
main crime was ambition because if you
wanted to find these kind of ethical
lapses in the Trump administration you
have any idea how easy it would be on
every single cabinet member
now the reason ambition is his main
problem is because he let it be known to
publicly that he was interested in other
bigger jobs perhaps governor of Oklahoma
one day perhaps taking senator Inhofe's
job in 2020 as a senator or even more
importantly perhaps taking Jeff Sessions
job as Attorney General now as he's
scouring around for other people's jobs
you know what that does that creates
political enemies so he decides to go on
Fox News where he thinks he's going to
be unfriendly Turk
but as Admiral Akbar could have told him
it's a trap the reason is there is
another more powerful Republican who
apparently led Edie Henry know have
added Hoss and he did look at what
happens to Pruitt on fox news why did
you go around the president in the White
House to give pay raises to two staffers
I did not
my staff did and I found out about that
yesterday and I changed it but somebody
being fired for that should not have
been done in it it maybe there would be
some accountability a career person or
political person I don't know I don't
know you don't know who doesn't sound
out about this yesterday and I corrected
the action so we are in the process and
finding out how it took place and
correctly so hang on were both of these
staffers who got these large pay raises
are friends of yours I believe from
Oklahoma right
they are staffers here in the agency and
they're from oh they're friends of yours
well they serve a very important person
you didn't know that they got these
large pay rings I did not know that they
get the pay raises until yesterday okay
one of them got a pay raise of let's see
28,000 the other was fifty six thousand
dollars do you know what the median
income in this country is no what if
t7000 a year okay so one of your friend
from Oklahoma got a pay raise that's the
medium it did not get a raise they did
not get a raise they did they what they
did not I stopped that yesterday you've
stopped it yeah are you embarrassed that
it should not have happened and and the
officials that were involved in that
process should not have done what they
did you get why that's a win-win
see you see Fosters doing that to
Republican officials all the time no you
almost never see that do you see them
doing that the Trump administration
officials almost never right so why are
they doing it in this case because
there's someone bigger in the Trump
administration that said go ahead we're
done with them once you lose power then
all of a sudden the press are Lions when
you have power the press are lamps you
think Edie Henry would have done that if
that was Mike Pence even Edie Henry
can't say yes to that there's no way you
would have done that given the same
exact fact pattern if Mike Pence had
gotten rented 50 bucks and and helped us
friends at 7 you think Edie Henry would
have been that savage against no way and
you know it everybody working on T V
knows it you can't touch power that much
but poet is wounded you can come from
the herd in fact other Republicans want
you to come from the herd and it's a win
Fred Henry and Fox News because they get
to now go see fair and balanced you see
what we did do a Republican what they
don't tell you is at the behest of other
Republicans
he's not done watch yet Henry Lane to
him again
the Trump said he would drain the swamp
I don't say it's draining the swamp
renting an apartment from the wife of a
Washington lobbyist I don't think that
that's even remotely fair to ask that
question okay so why did you then accept
$50 a night to rent a condo from the
wife of a Washington well let's talk
about that that is something that again
has been reviewed by ethics officials
here they've said that its market rate
ranking it from the wife of obvious yeah
who has no business before they say hold
on a second
so that's no part is is that Williams
and Jensen right major lobbying firm
Exxon Mobil's to client mr. Hart mr.
Hart has no clients that has business
before this agency ExxonMobil has no
speakers he's that he's a member of a
law firm to take his relationship it was
like an Airbnb situation when I was not
there
the landlord they had access to the
entirety of the facility when I was
there I only had access to a room there
were common areas they used the facility
at the same time that I was there so
tonight you rent you were there
that's exactly right but that's that's
kind of a sweetheart deal because like
not our house in Oklahoma you pay a
mortgage on that and when you don't
sleep fairly yeah yeah when you don't
sleep there you still pay the mortgage
right not when I'm not used I'm yes but
this is a tremendous different wasn't
using the facility Edie when I wasn't
there I'm not sure I've ever seen Fox
News go that hard after a Democrat well
hello a Republican I'd like to ask and
Henry this question and I would love to
get an honest answer did you talk to any
other source within the administration
before you did this interview my guess
is that he did and they said have at it
green light go get him now look don't
get me wrong if that conversation will
be veiled they won't say hey for our
political benefit at Henry could you go
and assassinate this guy on national
television no they'll say oh no the
president feels this way and it'll be
code language for green light okay now
if you weren't sure that wait till you
see the very end of
here watch but you said some pretty
tough stuff you said about the president
quote this is in 2016 I think he's an
empty vessel when it comes to things
like the Constitution and rule of law
you said that about Donald Trump in
February of 2016
and I will tell you as I said here today
is I've walked with him and served him I
didn't know the president that time so I
that served him at that time and I will
tell you the changes that we've seen
take place his commitment to rule of law
his commitment to process the regulatory
changes we've seen or his leadership
making it happen and you look at that
that was that I was misinformed how do
you made mistakes I think this is
something needs to be corrected and it
was a mistake it was a mistake by my
team that I so do you take
responsibility fixes I'm fixing it do
you take responsibility I'm fixing the
problem see that's why you know it was a
hatchet job that's why you know he
shaved him because if you want to get
Trump to dump someone make sure you
bring up how they insulted Donald Trump
and if he's got political opponents
within the administration they can tell
Edie Henry before he goes on air it's
not that that knowledge is in public it
is right but why bring that up right now
that's not part of his current
controversies you bring that up to
finish him so and God drop them so
that's what just happened there and look
do I mind no I can't stand Scott Pruett
it couldn't happen to a worse guy I'm
thrilled that he's gonna be gone he's
gonna be replaced by someone just like
him don't get me wrong
I'll get to that in a second but it's
not like I'm defending Scott Pruett or I
got any dog in that fight if I do it
would be sick Don Scott Pruett my job is
tell you what's happening behind the
scenes and to tell you what you're
looking at that is not Fox News deciding
you know what for the first time ever
we're really going to make sure that we
hold all politicians accountable if it
was every interview would be like that
in reality the reason why it's shocking
and people are talking about it is
because almost no interview is like that
when someone has a lot of power when
they're not on their way out okay
now go to the Washington Post White
House officials also are uneasy with the
administrators recent publicity push
with conservative media outlets
including his appearance on Fox News
Pruitt and EPA officials were warned
against his sitting down with Fox and
other outlets but the administrator
continued his media tour in other words
Scott I wouldn't do that if I were you
oh you're gonna do that anyway you're
not gonna listen to us and the Trump
administration let make a call to Eddie
see how this turns out
and Washington boasts also added by by
the way despite Pruitt's denials Trump's
top aides are convinced he played a key
role in authorizing massive raises last
month for two staffers that joined him
at EPA from Oklahoma and you could tell
that from the interview and and now nail
meet coffin I can't speak to the future
Scott Pruett I can just talk about where
we are now and that is that the White
House is aware of these reports we're
obviously looking into those we don't
have any announcements to make as
regards staffing right now but that
we're aware and you know we believe that
some of these questions need to be
answered what a White House spokesperson
says I can't speak to his future that
means he doesn't have one so he's done
well that's a good day in America and I
don't want you to get me wrong I'm not
saying ed Henry shouldn't have done that
interview I'm saying they should do
every other interview just like that all
right
now I'd like to introduce to you the
next head of the EPA okay I think
they're just gonna give up pretenses and
make a barrel of oil the next head of
the EPA it kidding aside though his
number two is likely to be the selected
we don't know for sure and Trump
sometimes has wildcard choices but the
leading candidate apparently number two
of the EPA Andrew wheeler you want to
know why he was a coal lobbyist so same
old game industry will win and the
citizens will lose and they will not be
protected by the EPA during the Trump
administration if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying do you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
younger so every day
