Mick Mulvaney was named the head of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau by
Donald Trump that move is of
questionable legality but Trump did it
anyway of course Mick Mulvaney wants to
destroy the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau don't worry I have
evidence well first of all before he
even went in back when he was a
congressman he called the bureau he now
heads quote a sick sad joke so it
doesn't seem to be a big fan in fact
that's why he got the job because Trump
appoints people to destroy the agencies
that they are in charge of a Scott
Pruitt at the EPA break period and
energy and the list goes on and on so
Mother Jones explains now as the Trump
appointed interim head of the agency
Mulvaney on Monday presented his first
report of Congress on the work of the
bureau recommending four major changes
to the Consumer Financial Protection
bureaus structure funding and oversight
as Hannah Levin Tova explains now okay
good well he's the head of the bureau so
he's gonna fight for his Bureau and and
make sure their consumers are protected
cuz that's his job that's that's the
title right so we'll find out let's look
at what his proposals indicate make
mauvais nice says the bureau in his
testimony is far too powerful and with
precious little oversight of its
activities now it is not normal for
people heading an organization to come
out and go my organization kind of sucks
way too powerful nobody got oversight
over first of all if no one has
oversight of it why don't you do
oversight you're the head of the bureau
you could just order a lot of people
inside the bureau to do oversight which
I'm sure you are in your own sick way if
you will but the point is he's going and
doing a report where he says can you
please destroy my bureau do some
oversight well let's find out about that
Mulvaney then cites the federalist
papers if that wasn't extreme enough
quoting James Madison on how overly
powerful bureaucracies meet quote the
very definition of tyranny Wow
he just said his own Bureau meets the
definition of tyranny
look these guys as grover norquist once
famously said wanna shrink government
down to a size small enough that they
could drown in a bathtub and a Mick
Mulvaney has moved on from waterboarding
a summer Financial Protection Bureau to
just drowning it he's in mid drowning as
we speak he continues since this
inception in 2011 them as Mother Jones
explains the Bureau has passed a number
of rules aimed at curbing abusive
practices by financial institutions
including new limits on payday lenders
that are popular with consumers and
rules that help the CFPB undertake
enforcement efforts that have recovered
millions of dollars on behalf of
hundreds of thousands of consumers and
that's exactly the problem Mick Mulvaney
doesn't represent those guys he
represents the payday lenders in fact
they were among his top donors he took
money from the payday lenders now he's
turning around saying don't worry I will
not regulate you I'll say regulation of
you is tyranny even though that has
helped Americans citizens they're
incredibly happy with it how much has it
helped the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has recovered eleven point eight
billion dollars for American consumers
now they recovered that because it was
wrongly taken from them by the financial
industry the financial industry has an
army of lawyers they're not going to say
oh yeah sure we didn't do anything wrong
but take 12 billion dollars from us they
actually took a lot more from you that's
this is what they were willing to pay
once they got caught so and Mulvaney
hates that because his donors and
Trump's donors are the financial
industry they are the global financial
elites so they want to make sure that
they are able to steal that next 12
billion dollars from you with ease
so the destruction continues while the
CFPB is currently funded through a
special appropriation from the Federal
Reserve Mulvaney suggests that it
instead be funded through the regular
congressional budget process the move
would give Congress and accordingly
whichever political party is in the
majority far more control
over the bureau now currently the
Republicans are in control of Congress
what do you think they are going to do
the bureau they also all get funded by
the financial industry they can't wait
to kill the bureau he also asked
Congress to pass a law requiring
legislative approval of any CFPB rules
in other words there will be no
regulation going forward because if you
have to get every rule approved by
Congress Congress said a gridlock at
best at worst all the Republicans will
agree to have no new regulations at all
and kill all the old regulations now
look the these guys who are looking to
do fine consumer protection are
basically the cops on the street out of
wall street in this case who wants to
remove the cops from the street the
robbers okay so Wall Street wants to go
back to a day where there are no rules
and there are no cops to protect you and
they're gonna rob you blind and
Mulvaney's their bagman to help him do
that and if all that wasn't enough
finally the report also suggests
Congress enact a law clarifying that the
CFPB's director must answer directly to
the president that has dual purpose one
is so that Trump can appoint people like
Mulvaney to make sure that they destroy
the agency and secondly that everything
has to go all the way up to trump and
while he is in charge of course he will
protect the bankers and make sure that
they have no regulations and that you
guys have no protections let the robbers
go wild and these guys said that they
were gonna drain the swamp hilarious
watch your pockets
they're coming if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me EUI tea network.com slash joy
