TYT investigates has reported on a
fascinating story involving Sinclair
Broadcast Group and its ties to a bank
in New York that wanted to push for the
tax cuts that the Bush administration
and Republicans in Congress successfully
passed now let me tell you a little bit
about this bank and how they worked with
Sinclair in 2017 Bank of New York Mellon
spent three hundred twenty thousand
dollars on lobbying that included
pursuit of the tax cuts ultimately
passed in December at the same time TV
news coverage of the debate over tax
cuts was being slanted toward the tax
bill that coverage was most slanted at
TV stations run by Sinclair Broadcast
Group the single biggest investor in
Sinclair is the Bank of New York Mellon
which owns owns almost 10% of Sinclair
so this bank owns 10% of Sinclair
Sinclair then turns around and puts out
all sorts of Pro tax cut propaganda
what's incredible to me is despite the
fact that they did this the tax bill
still had a very low rating it pulled
very poorly among Americans like all
that propaganda you know I mean they
still passed the legislation but
Americans were not buying the tax cuts
now with that said there's this dude
named Boris Epstein
okay and he has these commentary
segments that Sinclair channels Sinclair
own channels throughout the country half
to air they have no choice they have to
air it just take a look at what he had
to say about these tax cuts we are
getting closer and closer to tax reform
tax reform is key at the center of the
white house plan is lowering the
corporate tax rate they need to get to
as low of a rate as possible these
changes make perfect sense some critics
say that a 15% corporate tax rate is not
possible the president however has
continued to push back and stand his
ground on 15% here's the bottom line
it is impressive here's the bottom line
cutting the corporate rate is the very
crux of tax reform here's the bottom
line
there is some middle ground to be had on
all points of tax reform except for
drastic permanent cut of the corporate
tax rate
okay so keep in mind that this Boris guy
was an advisor to the Trump campaign
very supportive of Trump jumping all
right so EV Stein was the guy who
famously said during the campaign when
they launched Trump TV when they thought
they were gonna lose and they had
launched it he's the one who shouted
okay here's the bottom line here's the
bottom line okay so but as you watch him
you're like that's the personable on-air
personality you found to deliver the
message I mean he's like a trump goon
he's chosen about this okay it's not
like they don't like okay we did a
search for the best TV personality and
we found Epstein over here okay and he
comes in let me tell you something about
the bottom line anyway let's get to the
essence of it so they're doing
propaganda with AB Stein and why and to
what degree so Media Matters and did
this study and they found that non
Sinclair stations mention the tax bills
negative impact on the deficit or debt
in thirty two point five percent of
reports airing from November 17th
through November 26 last year which is
still miserable by the way so two-thirds
of local TV never mentioned anything
wrong with the tax bill unbelievable
that's or a disastrous but now let's go
to the second half of that
Sinclair stations addressed that issue
in just 18.2% of their segments on the
tax bill so they were almost half as
much mentions meaning it was even worse
than their local television only 18% of
the times did they mention any downsides
of the tax bill otherwise the bottom
line is this is wonderful for all of you
okay let me reiterate only thirty two
point five percent of the time non
Sinclair stations mentioned the deficit
and the debt
that would be tied to this tax cut when
it came to Sinclair owned it was 18.2%
now more specifically about one of the
other downsides non Sinclair stations
mentioned in 6.3 of their reports of the
tax bills repeal of the individual
mandate for health insurance could
increase customer premiums so that's a
big downside that if your premiums go up
right but only six point three percent
of the local stations mentioned it
Sinclair stations in the study never
inform their viewers that premiums could
increase never I mean both are pretty
bad obviously Sinclair is worse because
they never mentioned it but come on non
Sinclair owned stations you got to do
better
only six point three percent so Bank of
New York Mellon spent three hundred and
twenty three thousand dollars lobbying
for this bill you know what they got
back from the bill when it was all said
and done just in the last quarter last
quarter of a year four hundred and
twenty seven million dollars in benefits
that's why they spend the money lobbying
and that's why they spend the money
doing propaganda because it pays
handsomely if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me tu IT
Network comm slash joy
