teachers in Oklahoma continued to
protest for not only higher rate pay for
themselves and for support staff in the
schools but also to get more funding for
their students and for the districts
throughout the state now the governor of
Oklahoma seems like she's getting a
little irritated with these protests and
we have a video interview that she did
to prove it but first let me give you
some details on some of the legislative
wins that the teachers have gotten so
far and how they're not satisfied with
these legislative wins they want more
funding for the schools on Tuesday the
governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallon signed
a bill giving teachers support staff
like teachers aides and janitors a
$1,250 raise last week she signed a
measure that gave teachers a $6,000 pay
raise but only add an additional 50
million dollars to school funding
teachers were asking for 200 million
more now keep in mind that school
funding has been cut by 28 percent since
2008 and so what the teachers are asking
for is not unreasonable especially
considering some of the evidence that
they've shown us regarding the textbooks
that they've been using in their
classrooms and also the teachers want
$10,000 raises and part of the reason
why is because many of them haven't
received a raise in well over a decade
now several teachers and parents in
Oklahoma who have shared photos and
stories via social media of crumbling
outdated textbooks is part of their plea
for more education funding that's
according to CNN and multiple media
sources so I'm gonna give you a few
examples here is one of the books that
was posted online and they're doing this
through Twitter and Facebook
apparently in one classroom a teacher
complained that she had 25 anatomy books
that were shared by about 70 students
apparently they the school district had
changed some of the education
requirements recently and so the 25
anatomy books that she had were enough
for the first time in a long time but
that's not a good thing why would they
change the requirements obviously
they're lower
standards because they don't have the
resources necessary to educate our
students and then here's another example
of some books that these teachers and
students have to deal with now with that
said what did governor mary Fallon have
to say about these protesters about
these teachers take a look
teachers want more but it's kind of like
having a teenaged kid that wants a
better card but true but their car has
been taken away over the last ten years
well it has been a difficult time and
that's why I'm very proud that this year
we were able to get something done for
our teachers yeah they're always thought
about the rich in the same way like oh
they want another tax cut there's so
much of spoiled brats no they're gonna
help our economy and then you'll be way
better off and then then the teachers
will get increases except they didn't
for all this time in the dark of night
they cut they cut they cut they cut all
the way down to 28% all the way down on
the bone the history books have george w
bush's president in oklahoma yes okay
and so then when they now stand up to
fight they go okay okay here's some
crumbs okay forget about the last
several decades that we've been taken
from you and never giving back by the
way in your job imagine if 10 years in a
row and that's a minimum every year
you're like okay here we go
am i gonna get a bonus am I gonna get a
salary increase they're like no nothing
nothing nothing nothing nothing right
meanwhile your health insurance prices
are going through the roof you know
house housing is always going up all
everything is going up but you never get
a salary increase and you never get
funny and every year they the teachers
explain one of the things that they
fought hardest for it is not just to get
a salary increase for themselves but to
make sure you increase the funding for
the schools because every year at the
beginning of the year they have a
conversation of all right what are we
gonna cut from the budget this year okay
what are we gonna lose what are we gonna
how are we gonna make education worse
for our kids why that had to make
choices now the Republicans have the
temerity to now turn around and say like
well what do you want us to do cut
health care wait a minute
how come you
never talked about the tax cut right
never right because you already cut
taxes for the rich and they already took
the money home right and and by the way
one aspect of this story that I feel
like isn't getting enough attention is
that in order to provide more funding
for these teachers the lawmakers had to
agree to increase taxes for oil
companies and by the way they hadn't
increased taxes since the early 1990s I
think 1990 actually was the last time
Oklahoma had increased taxes and you
know how the oil companies responded tax
these taxes are too high I mean you know
and they're way more persuasive because
they have much more sway over these
lawmakers they're the ones who donate to
these lawmakers so that's the reason why
the teachers haven't gotten paid or
haven't gotten a pay increase in well
over a decade whereas these oil
companies hadn't hadn't had to deal with
any tax increases they've only gotten
tax cuts and now they had the audacity
to complain as if they're the ones
struggling the oil companies are the
ones struggling but marry felon who's in
their back pocket doesn't call them
spoiled teenagers right and by the way
oil and gas that you get from Oklahoma
is actually the property of the people
of Oklahoma so you can charge them
anything you like the reason your
politicians don't do that and let them
keep the overwhelming lion's share of
the profits is because they get money
from them that's how corruption works
and this is how it devastates your kids
so I love that the teachers are at the
forefront of fighting back for you and
your family what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
