it is of course the 50th anniversary of
the assassination of dr. Martin Luther
King jr. and it's a day that people are
approaching in their own ways
understandably and some people who were
involved in the actual activism with MLK
jr. talking about their experiences it's
a time to reflect on what was lost when
he died to reflect on his legacy itself
and for a lot of people to to consider
where we're at now and what has changed
what has changed for the better and what
has not changed for the better in fact
some things that have gotten worse and
so there's a million we've covered
anniversaries like this before and
there's a lot of different ways that you
could approach and I have a few in mind
but of course we can we can talk about
pretty much anything you want what one
thing I did want to talk about was what
he was working on when he was killed and
so in the weeks leading up to his
assassination dr. Martin Luther King jr.
was preparing for what would have been
his greatest demonstration the Poor
People's Campaign King's coalition
across racial groups United in their
fight to end poverty aimed to recruit
over 1 million people to occupy the
National Mall from Latino farmers rights
activists to white Appalachian coal
miners Kings lesser known dreams sought
to bring disparate communities together
in the name of economic justice and to
give you just a taste of some of the
things that they wanted to push for it
was an economic Bill of Rights for
America's poorest citizens a 30 billion
dollar annual appropriation to fight
against poverty obviously that would be
much more now guaranteed income
legislation and the construction of
500,000 low-cost housing units each year
until slums are eradicated across the
country and so very ambitious obviously
on a topic that doesn't necessarily get
talked about all that often when he is
his legacy and his work is disgust
I mean you even see some things that are
decades and decades ahead other time
like some sort of guaranteed basic
income of some form something that we're
just now circling back to consideration
of here and around the world and so the
very interesting and we will have a
number of quotes and and some
interesting statistics about the areas
that he worked in but I like to think
man imagine imagine if he'd had that
imagine if that that could have
continued through in the way that he had
planned
yes and and of course an assassin's
bullet ended all that so once again poor
people in the country were not
represented and that and the and the
takeover of Washington DC did not happen
another lucky break for the powerful so
speaking of which I want to read a quote
from dr. King it's the next graphic here
he said about going to DC and bringing
apparently if they could and and knowing
dr. King's legacy it and and his
accomplishments at the time they
probably could have he said we ought to
come in mill carts and old trucks any
kind of transportation people can get
their hands on people ought to come to
Washington the sit down if necessary in
the middle of the street and say we are
here we are poor we don't have any money
you have made us this way we've come to
stay until you do something about it
what does that sound like that kind of
sounds like occupy so I bring that up
for two reasons one the man was so far
ahead of his time it is astounding
whether it's the guaranteed income that
people are now finally talking about or
fifty years later or the Occupy movement
and the second reason is he knew
something that the the mass media and
our politicians have been avoiding for
these last 50 years which is that things
don't happen by accident that that you
can change the rules and and the rules
have all the effect in the world so for
example on the issue of race they
changed the rules so that it allowed
african-americans in the south to be
able to vote the Civil Rights Act made a
giant difference what was that that was
legislation that was changing the rules
to make it more fair and seek justice
and on the issue of income it is the
same situation in fact in a lot of ways
it is more clear so they lower taxes on
the rich that's a rule that's a law they
changed it you could say they rigged the
system on behalf of the rich and
corporations they just did it again the
tune of trillion
of dollars right and then you say well a
higher percentage of taxes are gonna be
paid by the the payroll tax that's the
one that you put in for Social Security
and Medicare who pays that the middle
class pays that that's how you rigged
the rules are you gonna have more
affordable housing no that's how you
rigged the rules are you gonna have more
deregulation for multinational
corporations yes so that's how you set
the system and what he was saying in
that quote is it's not an accident that
you're poor there's actually something
we can do about it so let's go and
demand that our representatives
represent us yeah yeah the the system
piles weight on top of you and then
makes you feel bad for bending over
basically mm-hmm
so there are some quotes that I want to
read before before I do that though I do
want to say one thing because obviously
we're remembering this particular
individual because of obviously the 50th
anniversary of his tragic assassination
but in the past especially in the past
few decades a lot of people a lot of
them who look like me remember him in a
way that really does a disservice to
both him and the movement that he
represented and there's there's a
variety of different ways that that
happens obviously there's the the
constant sanitizing of what he stood for
of the positions that he was a radical
on his views about other countries his
focus on not just the segregation and
racism but also economic justice and
things like that his his interest in
environmental justice as well so many
different aspects of his own history get
sort of washed away in remembering him
but then also people will remember him
in a way that to some extent stresses to
too much one individual now he deserves
to be recognized obviously but he
existed inside of the context of any
number of other groups and individuals
some of which had been working and
organizing and pushing for change for
decades or a century or longer before he
was alive and he was a continuation of
that and so I do want to recognize some
of these quotes but we are not in any
way trying to say that this is all that
he was he was obviously much more with
that said here's some of the quotes that
stood out to me the rich nations must
use their vast resources of wealth to
develop the underdeveloped school the
unschooled and feed the unfed a
to mately a great nation is a
compassionate nation no individual or
nation can be great if it does not have
a concern for the least of these so I
definitely liked that one if he was not
simply focused on the United States
obviously he understood not just how the
system inside of the US has held back
purposefully many here in America but
that we and other Western powers
historically have done that to a great
number of other countries as well and
one other quote that I'll paraphrase
here it's actually in one of our shirts
that the Young Turks my offers out there
because I love this so much is is
similar to what you were saying about
him earlier and it goes the effect of a
man cannot ride you unless your back is
bent not only did he have great dignity
but he had great strengths so he has
been mischaracterized on purpose in a
lot of ways that is the hilarious thing
of Fox News trying to take ownership
over him saying oh he was a Republican
preposterous right and and then saying
oh he saw past Reysol we shouldn't talk
about racing north that's not what he
said and he even in the I have a dream
speech he talked about the vicious
racists down in Alabama and he talked
about a brutal police actions and
violent police brutality which of course
not only existed at the time as well but
was practiced upon him and for for them
to say that that Martin Luther King
would have been opposed to black lives
matters hilarious and totally
counterfactual encounter historical just
read what Martin Luther King wrote and
and and said and and there it'll be
absolutely uh obvious but but again I
want to emphasize the strength because
he didn't come beseeching right and and
yes he was nonviolent but he had
tremendous strength in that non-violence
that's true he demanded action and so
again if you study the history of it
when Lyndon Johnson was slow to act and
also when JFK was slow to act he brought
down pain upon their shoulders through
tremendous civil disobedience that shook
them to their core and so I you know
that's why I always among the reasons
why I emphasize non-violence because it
is not the right-wing ideology is the
only thing that is strongest war
violence and conflict that's not true
there's great strengths in people like
Mahatma Gandhi Martin Luther King Nelson
Mandela in fact you know as of course
King lived it takes a lot more courage
to take a punch than to throw a punch
yeah and so it's it's an absolute pillar
of strength if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now tea why tea network.com slash
joined get the whole young turks show
every day
