so there's a gentleman named David Smith
he's the executive chairman of Sinclair
Broadcast Group they're the ones pushing
out propaganda in favor of Donald Trump
saying that the rest of the press is
doing fake stories it turns out that he
had an email exchanged with New York
Magazine back in November and he's
apparently not a very big fan of the
rest of the media especially print media
that might partly explain why they made
them read the script all their anchors
read the script about how the rest of
the media does fake stories so let's
let's take a look at that exchange David
Smith said this appreciate the interest
when New York magazine asked them for an
interview appreciate the interest in
your wanting to do a story but we don't
talk to the print media as a general
principle as we find them to be so
devoid of reality and serving no real
purpose have a great holiday now that is
so hilariously topsy-turvy now I
criticize the mainstream media all the
time I think they do have a bias and I
think it's totally legitimate or about
their bias whether you think it's a
liberal bias a conservative bias or as I
do an establishment by so status quo
bias one that wants to maintain the
current order because they're enormous
winners in the current order and they
run by multi-billion dollar organization
so those are all legitimate
conversations to have and then you look
to see if those biases appear whether
that's on television or in print and
we've done dozens of stories about that
there's the famous Washington Post of I
believe it was 16 negative headlines
about Bernie Sanders within 24 hours it
is the story selection sometimes that
shows you the bias but to say that print
serves no purpose and that local news
conveniently owned by Sinclair across
the country is where you're gonna get
real facts is hilarious and preposterous
my job is to follow the news and report
it on it for you guys and and look we do
video Young Turks does about 99 percent
video we finally got some great print
reporting at TYT investigates which you
should check out at TYT Network comm so
I'm not buying this
case I want to push for video etc but
let me tell you son local news
unfortunately and this is not just about
Sinclair and I know that a lot of people
are gonna be angry at me because they
work in the news industry but it's
generally garbage earlier today there
was a fire here well it's no fire there
today I don't know why right now I don't
know why you're there no we have to go
out there and pretend something's urgent
oh look a car chase oh my god it's
amazing people have been murdered get
scared that's not real news
where as in print they do amazing
investigative journalism all the time
who's breaking stories was the last time
that anybody on cable news broke a story
whereas in print they break story after
story after story again I'm not saying
they don't have bias I talked about
their bodies all the time and we have to
keep each other honest and we have to to
know what makes sense and what doesn't
and and and how to analyze the news look
Washington Post had a story not to pick
on them a lot of the print journalists
have similar issues that I thought
covered the situation in the Gaza Strip
and a protest there really really well
later in the day they completely rieta
did it and then it started with the
Israeli government says this and there's
really defense forces say that and it
had been changed completely - it's the
same facts but a completely different
spin and and it was amazing to see them
side by side and it was obvious that
someone got a stern talking-to and and
and the story was changed so I'm now
emphasizing for the 18th time some
criticism of print media is of course
understandable but to say that they have
no value and that they don't do
journalism but local news does no one
outside of a local news station owner
could possibly make that claim but it
gets worse he says that I must tell that
in all forty five plus years I have been
in the media business I have never seen
a single article about us that is
reflective of reality especially in
today's world with a shameful political
environment and generally complete lack
of integrity facts and truth have been
lost
for a long time and likely to never
return this is the guy that made his
local anchors run Swift boat attack ads
against John Kerry that later were shown
to be preposterous but he was in favor
of george w bush so you rub those
negative attack it basically ads but
call it news today he has former trump
advisors sebastian Gorka talking about
insane conspiracy theories about the
deep state on his air pretending to be
news his Boers Epstein Anna Lilla former
Trump adviser doing story after story in
attacking duck and all these different
things pretending to be news and then
this guy has a temerity to say print
journalists bring no value and
completely lack integrity preposterous
and finally Smith also says the print
media is so left-wing as to be
meaningless dribble which accounts for
why the industry is and will fade away
just no credibility again I don't know
if in that particular case he's lying on
purpose or is completely ignorant but
the troubles that print has has to do
with the revenue side of print which was
tied to classified section and an
advertising that is going away because
of digital it's a complicated issue and
not because they're not doing good
journalism to say that is purposely
misleading to say the least but he owes
Sinclair are we surprised that he's
purposely misleading but one more thing
did you notice what he said they're
meaningless dribble sometimes was theft
curry dribbles too much it might be
meaningless dribble but maybe I picked a
poor example it cuz a lot of his
dribbling is great I think you meant
dribble
perhaps if you've never rent read
anything then that might explain why you
don't know the difference between
dribble and dribble you might want to
pick up a paper and read something you
might learn and among the things that
you might learn are facts which
apparently are absent at Sinclair what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
