you know the VA secretary used to be
this guy named Shulkin and he's been
fired or resigned or fired depending on
what Donald Trump is thinking at this
particular moment now on Saturday the
White House spokesperson Lyndsey Walters
put out a statement saying secretary
shokhin resigned from his position as
Secretary of Department of Veteran
Affairs now wait a minute that's not the
story we heard before we heard he was
fired and it seemed fairly definitive
but now over the weekend they're saying
he resigned interesting well so they
asked shoking about it they have him on
television and he says I came to fight
for our veterans and I had no intention
of giving up there would be no reason
for me to resign now you don't often get
a guy say no I was definitely fired I
don't want any confusion about this I
did not resign I was fired but of course
you have to correct the president
because he's saying things that aren't
true
you didn't he didn't shoka didn't say I
you know what I don't like this Veterans
Affairs job I just want to quit no he
was fired by Trump for some would say
legitimate reasons some would say
preposterous reasons but is there
anything that Trump does that isn't for
preposterous reasons so hub post has
some clarification here shoka's said
that the chief of staff John Kelly told
him he'd been terminated quote shortly
before Trump tweeted about it on
Wednesday adding that he never he
neither offered his resignation or nor
submitted a letter of resignation
he said his dismissal was somewhat of a
surprise since quote President Trump and
I actually spoke today that he sent the
tweet out just a few hours before look
this is what I want to drive home to you
guys even the president doesn't know
what the president thinks it changes
minute by minute
he has no principles he has no
convictions
doesn't even have any ideas things pop
into his head depending on whoever's
last in the room or depending on the
last segment on Fox and Friends
so does he think that he fired shokan or
does he think shoul can resign I don't
know ask him right now I was from a
minute later asked him a minute later
after that
and you'll have three different answers
the guy's a pathological liar he cannot
help himself and he constantly gets his
staff into trouble because he tells them
things like well tell everybody he
resigned go ahead tell them that you
resigned okay
I didn't fire him no no no I go right
okay I saw you fire him but all right
whatever he resigned right and then
later they're like don't you feel like I
fired him that guy was a loser
I'm tired of winning so I had eaten more
winners right so we're gonna get to the
last flip-flop in a second but I want to
show you Shulkin on TV were you fired or
did you resign well I came to Washington
with the commitment to make our system
work better for veterans that's the
commitment that I went to work every day
I continue to feel strongly about that
there was no reason why I would resign
so why don't you just say you were fired
well I I think that's the alternative to
resignation I received a phone call
saying that the president wanted to make
a change and that's certainly his
prerogative to do that and that's what
happened you received a phone call from
chief of staff John Kelly who fired you
general Kelly gave me a heads-up that
the president would most likely be
tweeting out a message in the very near
future and I appreciated having that
heads-up from general Kelly so the tweet
fired you yes this is the world we live
in but that's okay because the White
House said that he was not fired until
today we go back to HuffPost the White
House on Monday changed his story about
David shoka's departure from the
Department of Veterans Affairs
acknowledging he didn't voluntarily quit
there is a deeply unstable pathological
liar in the White House no one has any
idea what he's gonna do including
himself so any article you see any
pundit you see that tells you about
Donald Trump's theory of this or is
hypothesis on that or is strategy on
something else understand they have no
idea what they're talking about there is
no strategy it's just a deeply unstable
man stabbing in the darkness
to figure out what's going on I finally
resigned and that guy's at the wheel god
help us all
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
