TYT reporter Emma big Lind went to
another Trump rally I love her videos so
I always enjoy sharing them with you so
she always makes a point to you know
have very polite discussions with the
Trump voters in order to kind of get a
sense of where their minds at when it
comes to various issues this time she
focused on medicare-for-all
which is a policy that's being pushed by
progressives like Bernie Sanders
Alexandria Castillo Cortes and so what
do they have to say about it do they
like the idea of expanding Medicare
let's take a look keep the price down
there's some senators that have an
excellent plan where we're by the the
doctors keep the prices of everything
prescription and everything down and
they're not allowed to raise them up to
the sky well then they're it's
affordable for everybody if you can go
across state lines my goodness what do
you think private insurance is the way
they go absolutely this this Obamacare
is a piece of a work of the devil
Medicare for all goes beyond Obamacare
right so it allows for a government
option in addition yeah the federal
government needs to stay out of
everything okay so I mean the federal
government has for the most part stayed
out of it with the exception of forcing
us to buy private insurance and and some
regulations that were good including you
know stopping private insurers from
kicking people off due to pre-existing
conditions yada yada but I mean we've
had private insurance for a very long
time and anyway so those are his
thoughts there are more videos though so
I want to get to all of them let's take
a look at the next one honestly for all
Americans for illegals no I don't think
how can about taxpaying Americans
taxpayer that's exactly right
we're taxpayers the taxpayers shouldn't
be liable for all the illegals I mean so
Medicare for all would be expanding it
beyond the age for you know the retired
and the elderly would be so everyone
could have access to affordable health
care I think I'd beg you that
I really do I think I'd be great for all
because like me I'm 62 I've got diabetes
I've got black lung I'm in bad shape you
know I almost went out a minute ago but
and I don't have health care because I
can't afford it I can't afford the
deductible illegals so much you wouldn't
be so sick because hatred causes illness
well I yeah look that the whole
immigration thing it's I mean we can
have a full show discussing that but you
know it's interesting because that
answer was another example of a trump
voter unfortunately being misled about
what Trump wants to do because remember
Trump has cut taxes for the wealthy and
how do you think he and Republicans want
to make up for that they want to cut
programs like Medicare yeah they want to
cut Social Security
I know Trump has said that he wants to
protect Medicare but behind the scenes
Republicans are working really hard to
cut those programs to make up for the
loss of revenue in terms of taxes you
know cutting the corporate tax rate from
35% to 21% permanently by the way that's
not even the effective tax rate when you
can take those loopholes into account
you know sometimes they're paying no
federal taxes in a lot of cases they're
paying about seven to ten percent in
federal type they're paying we're paying
more in taxes of middle class than these
massive corporations it's insane but
like these voters again to reiterate
something I said earlier in the show
they want the same things that the
majority of Americans want they want
affordable health care and Medicare is a
very popular program which is why Trump
pretends like he wants to protect it
it's again what we talked about earlier
people who are not properly informed
about the issues and are out there you
know it's the the thing is that
everybody is being moved by fear and so
if you find out the triggers and certain
communities and you instill that fear in
them you are gonna move them to where
you need them to be and it's your
responsibility as an American as an
individual to become informed on the
issues and really know
you're talking about because he kept
focusing on the illegals and I'm like
that's that's the narrative that's being
spilled into that sector so so let me
also be clear about something
undocumented immigrants do not have
access to Medicare they don't have
access to federal government programs on
a state level based on what the state
decides there might be some programs
that undocumented immigrants can can use
but on a federal level they do not
qualify for these programs the only
thing in terms of health care that they
do qualify for is if they go to an
emergency room the doctors have to see
them right and it's because we're decent
human beings you can't just let someone
die because of their immigration status
but again it goes back to what you're
saying either there's a lot of
misinformation out there and they've
really bought into it they really think
oh my god it's so unfair I'm paying
taxes the illegals aren't paying taxes
and they're taking advantage of no no
you are paying taxes the corporations of
the millionaires and billionaires
they're not paying taxes right and in
doing so they're preventing you from
receiving services that you've paid into
yeah and it's it's wild to kind of
building up what I said before it's like
the us them that is what is being pushed
here and you could even hear it in the
first gentleman's comment where he said
Obamacare is an act of a double he was
speaking in code there and so and then
the next gentleman with immigrants it is
an us them and it's always permeating
and it's just it's insane how people are
doing things to their own detriment
because they're so focused on an us them
mentality as opposed to taking a step
back having an open mind getting being
educated and informed and making the
right decision that would actually be
beneficial to them so there's two more
videos one of them I really enjoyed but
I I don't think it's the next one let's
take a look at what we have next I don't
believe Medicare for all I paid for
Medicare
I have Social Security and I paid for
Social Security there is Medicaid and
Medicaid is something that we provide
for people that can't provide it for
themselves so I'm not in favor of taking
Medicare
hijacking it for something that's not
intended for so it would be expanding it
right so that everyone can have access
are you happy with your Medicare I don't
know they're gonna pay for their
Medicare when they get to the proper age
they'll apply for it like I have and
just like I have I'm paying over four or
five hundred dollars a month with my
wife to have Medicare anyone want to
chime in on this one I just feel like
there's a lot of like misunderstanding
about how these programs work right and
I don't know I mean I see how much I pay
for Medicare every single paycheck and I
don't know if that program is gonna be
there for me when I'm ready to use it so
I just feel like we need to get to a
point where Americans are all in
agreement that our taxpayer money should
go toward enriching our lives instead of
enriching the lives of you know private
military contractors a lot of our money
goes to stuff like that when it should
be going toward making sure that we're
healthy that we're taken care of one
more video I voted for Trump and I
changed my mind
for many many reasons health care for
all
actually I had Obamacare for two years
it was the best thing I ever had he is
destroying the health system that man is
evil and people don't realize it okay I
love that video because it's so rare
Yeah right it's so rare to come across
Trump voters who were like I made a
horrible mistake and I am angry about
like she might do I don't know if I
would do that like she went to a trump
rally to protest Trump and she's like
you know what I had Obamacare and I
loved it and and this guy is evil and
I'm really happy no one harassed her but
I'm also really proud of her for for
voicing her opinion on this
yes she's totally preaching she's like
I've seen the light you can see it too
come here come join and it is kind of
really sad when you see people you know
kind of almost come back it's good thing
and I appreciate that you know realizing
they made a mistake but at the same time
you had all the evidence in front of you
and so to realize that you kind of had
ignore
about evidence and still went in favor
of you know this is it's just it's
difficult to feel some sympathy for them
yeah especially because we're all in
this boat together but at the same time
you know more people they need to come
this way come on over so Trump's base is
so defiant that I get I get what you're
saying but at the same time it's kind of
a relief to see that some people are
waking up right and and for me look
people think it's oh they're just
leftist that's just hate Trump they have
Trump derangement syndrome no no I care
about the issues the actual policies and
what this is doing and by the way they
keep talking about repealing the
Affordable Care Act what are they
talking about they've already done it
right they've gutted it I mean they have
already gotten rid of that mandate which
I get it the mandate sucked because if
you're young and healthy you don't want
to be forced into buying private
insurance I get that but by repealing
the mandate portion of that legislation
or of that law
it essentially guts it and I'm worried
that now you know we haven't really felt
the impact of it yet yes premiums will
be out of control because you don't have
the young healthy people paying into the
system and keeping the premiums lower
and so I don't know we'll see how this
all turns out but there you have it
Trump voters at another Trump rally good
job Emma I really love her reporting
it's just easy though I just want to say
when you're older
and white and you've been basking and
privilege and wealth to say I did it you
do it to the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
comm slash app
