the family members of Stephon Clark a 23
year old black man who was shot and
killed by police in Sacramento and he
was unarmed when this happened has
requested an independent autopsy to see
how many bullets struck him how he died
and where the bullets entered his body
now what we knew at the time was that
the two police officers involved in this
case had fired at least 20 bullets in
his direction and what we know now
through this independent autopsy is that
he was struck eight times so let's give
you the details on that Stephon Clark
the unarmed 22 year old killed by
Sacramento police officers earlier this
month was shot eight times with most of
those bullets hitting him in the back
six of the eight shots struck Clark in
the back while the 7th bullet hit him
slightly to the side of his body but to
the back of the side okay so the vast
majority of the bullets hit him in the
back which actually goes against the
narrative that the cops were putting out
there indicating that they thought he
posed an imminent threat indicating that
it appeared that he had a gun in his
hand we now know that it was a cell
phone the fact that they shot him in the
back tells you something someone isn't
necessarily an imminent threat if their
back is turned to you here's what we
also know from this autopsy bullet
struck Clark in the neck back and thigh
breaking bones and piercing his lung the
bullets combined to make Clark bleed
massively
we also found out that his death didn't
happen instantly his death could have
taken anywhere between three to ten
minutes and if you recall the original
report that we did on this story where
we showed you the videos the the entire
thing was so devastating but after they
had shot him they had fired 20 bullets
after he had already been laying there
on the ground it took them a while to
you know first of all call paramedics
and then once paramedics got there it
took a while for them to even approach
him because they were convinced that he
was posing a threat even though he
wasn't moving and he had been laying in
the same place for a pretty long period
of time so I'm glad that the
independent autopsy was done just so we
can get a clearer picture of how he was
struck where he was struck and you know
how he he died from these bullet wounds
yeah I'm really glad that you and the
antics have been continuing on the story
and also exposing the spin around this
and as I thought I remembered they said
that the the Sacramento Police
Department had alleged that the body
cams were turned off beforehand and they
couldn't get material so now we are told
that there there is some audio from from
the body cam so I don't know what is
going on but this is very typical for
the way that black life is treated in
America
if this was a eminent threat or if it
was some sort of situation you know I
know somebody who was going to counter
this will say well he was fleeing and
there was footage of him running from
back yards
well okay cool Dylan roof shot up
Charleston Church and he was walked out
and taken to Burger King yeah right so
there was no attempt to try to if there
was a case against him to arrest him
Sevilla and the indignity - of what
happened to his body his body was so
brutalized by the police by this Hale
fire that he was Muslim Imams who were
trying to prepare his body for the
burial ceremony could not even do it
they had to do a dry version of it
because it was so it was mortifying and
and remember they handcuffed him they
handcuffed his dead body yes and so that
is the part of the indignity that's what
people were talking about when Michael
Brown was shot dead in the street and
publicly executed was that his body was
laying in his own blood for four hours
so it's that it's the the cuffs on top
not calling the paramedics on time but
this is what America does in terms of
how it treats back life not only as
disposable but as criminal before it
even has a chance to speak so let me
just fill in a few blanks for anyone who
might have missed the original story and
please do go back and watch that in case
I miss anything but to give you context
authorities were called because there
someone burglarizing vehicles in the
neighborhood and so these cops are out
looking for that suspect and they see
Stefan Clark and wrongly identify him as
the suspect he was not the suspect
burglarizing these cars no one knows
what kind of communication happened
prior to the shooting but Stefan Clark
did run away from them into his
grandmother's backyard now some people
might be saying well why is he running
if he's not guilty why would you run
well you have to look at the situation
in Sacramento the tension between police
officers and the community there to kind
of understand why minorities might flee
or run away from cops or not trust them
or be afraid of them so just to give you
some specific numbers
Clark is one of at least 269 people
fatally shot by police so far this year
and that's according to the Washington
Post which has been compiling this data
since 2015 now if you look specifically
at Sacramento Police have fatally shot
six people since 2015 including Clark
five of the six have been black men and
so the black community they're very
understandably is distrustful toward the
cops and fearful toward the cops and so
if you kind of understand that
environment that they're in you can
understand why someone might run even if
they're not guilty of doing anything
wrong it's just so it just seems like it
happens over and over again and in the
past we hadn't had videos of this I I
mean it's weird that the silver lining
is something so graphic and so terrible
that you and we have to force ourselves
we have to force everyone to go through
the experience of watching it because it
reveals just how ridiculous it is how
terribly profanely ridiculous the
default situation is those moments that
we didn't no one ever thought about like
that you the the process is to handcuff
a dead body when you see people getting
shot in their car and then you just
watch like a police officer freaked out
that he shot someone but doesn't help
the the protocol is not to seek or
administer medical attention those are
the things we need to see to believe
and then also see to change and and it's
tough because on the one hand we see it
happening again we do have I just I want
it to change I just don't see it
happening and I don't know what it's
gonna take because you see the same
pattern occurring over and over again
where the police haven't really said
like yeah this was wrong this was bad
it's the same week that Alton Sterling's
the police officer that killed him was
freed of all charges well this is this
is also the kind of stuff the police are
doing are the kind of things that law
enforcement looks for in criminals which
is a changing story that seems to be
just utterly convenient and only changes
when you call out the inconsistencies in
it that's a great point I'm I'm really
mousey today because I'm losing my voice
but because of this story I wanted to be
here
you're right before the cameras I'm from
Miami
McDuffie who got shot on a motorcycle in
the back Nevel Johnson in Miami that my
neighborhood burned to the ground so
when I when I think about this stuff I
think about two things that I've seen on
the internet trending this week a friend
of mine posted on Facebook about how she
had to take her son to everybody in her
neighborhood and introduce her black son
to everybody in the neighborhood because
she saw on the next door app that every
time they saw a strange young black man
or a black male in the neighborhood they
will call the police they would call the
police and she had to have this
uncomfortable talk with her son which
all of us who have black sons have to
have with our sons which you've heard me
say here over and over again which is
the talk that now white people are
having with their children about
shootings in their high schools but we
have to have these talks with our sons
all the time now we could sit here and
talk about the police all the time but I
really want to have a call to action a
lot of you get on our Facebook pages you
attack us you say these things about
police officers who are good and are not
these race soldiers that are out here
murdering these black men well I say to
you then what are you doing to help when
you're standing by when you don't say
anything
we need those good police officers to
say some because at this
what are we going to do to make things
happen you ask you don't see it changing
how does something like that change how
does something like change what what I
saw as black people went out in numbers
to see Black Panthers and those dollars
really made a difference and made that
like the biggest movie that Marvel movie
in the history of all time
so if black people make an effort to
make something like that happen
economically then you have to use your
dollars to make a difference it for this
very cause and we got to stop spending
our dollars on the organizations that
support this systemic racism and it's
everywhere you have to educate
yourselves you guys went crazy to find
out who and I say you guys I'm talking
about the people you go crazy to find
out who Beyonce on the face why don't
you go crazy to find out who's a chief
of police in your community who do you
need to vote out who you need to get out
of there because these people that are
supporting these race soldiers are
assassinating our children and the
dehumanization of black lives lives on
the internet more than anywhere you
should use you share sharkeisha fighting
and fighting and fighting black girls
fighting all the time
and that's how you justify a police
officer snatching a young black girl out
of her chair by her neck in a classroom
at some point we have to use our
consciousness those of us who know
better have to do better and we have to
call upon our allies to say what which
you got on this what are you gonna do to
help this well I just want to add
something that is happening in Los
Angeles and I think more cities should
follow the lead which is there is there
was a successful call for a civilian
review board of the police department
and now they're pushing for more powers
subpoena power as well because initially
they tried to fill the civilian review
of the police with retired police
officers so they were able to vote in
different appointees but now they're
calling for further empowerment so there
is something that's happening but
there's a city too that is tied to I'm
speaking to Los Angeles Pacific Lee but
nationally as well when we think about
prison industrial complex what's tied to
that is also policing because police
need to fill up
prisons they need to fill up the jail
cells and so here in the city of Los
Angeles the Board of County Supervisors
approved 3.6 billion dollars to expand
the jails right and that is makes I mean
Los Angeles is the capital jailer of the
world and so what we need to do is push
the whole entire system so it's not just
the police it's the entire system that
they are a part of that is popular
culture does play into the
criminalization but the criminalization
is there for a reason to feed a system
absolutely yeah absolutely and and you
know to your point NIDA and I think you
made such a great point about how there
are good cops out there I don't think
people deny that there are good cops out
there I mean when you really think about
the amount of you know communication
just face-to-face contact every day
civilians have with police officers the
vast majority of those instances are
nonviolent are totally fine you know
there are no issues there and you hear
about the bad stories but with that said
in order to change this system you need
people within that system who also call
for reform and don't go out of their way
to protect yeah the bad cops because
that's what we're seeing over and over
again again I've no doubt that there are
great cops out there but you become
complicit when you are silent and you
choose to defend you know other officers
that you know are not doing what they're
supposed to be doing yeah cuz you know
if someone was beating a disabled person
I have no doubt that every single person
on this panel would interfere and do
something about it so can you imagine
that you have the power of a badge and a
gun why why won't you interfere and do
something about it that's what these
civilian review boards are asking for is
the power to hold these cops accountable
in a court around other people who are
part of the community that we our tax
dollars pay for that's right and you
know and we should have a say for what
we've invested in you just watch the
video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
