conservatives have aggressively attacked
students from parkland Florida who have
been calling for and demanding changes
to our gun laws and David Hogg has dealt
with quite a bit of that criticism and
those attacks now I want to remind you
all that David hog is 17 years old and
literally experienced his peers getting
murdered in front of his eyes because of
gun violence and so naturally he would
want to speak out about the issue and
push for real changes people like Laura
Ingram from Fox News are not fans they
don't like that and have taken to social
media to attack the likes of david hog a
recent example would be a tweet that
laura ingram put out in regard to david
hog not getting accepted at some
universities she wrote david hog
rejected by four colleges to which he
applied and whines about it
dinged by UCLA with a 4.1 GPA totally
predictable given acceptance rates now
she tweeted that in response to david
hogs interview on TMZ i'm going to show
you that interview now so you can decide
whether or not he was whining about not
getting accepted at these colleges take
a look
uh it's not been too great for me and
some of the other members of the
movement like Ryan Deiss we got rejected
from Cal State sorry we got rejected
from UCLA and I got rejected from UCLA
and UCSD so it's been kind of annoying
having to do with that and everything
else that's been going on but at this
point I was you know we're changing the
world we're too busy for ego right now
it's too hard to focus on that are you a
little surprised that schools haven't
solicited you because beyond having a
4.2 grade point average you are doing
important things I'm not surprised at
all in all honesty I think there's a lot
of amazing people that don't get into
college not only do things like I do but
because their voices just aren't heard
in the tsunami of people that apply
every year to colleges and such an
economic in such a really impacted
school system here that we have in
America where people had to go into
massive amounts of debt just to go to
college and get an education I think
it's really sad but it's it's the truth
right on I mean let me open it up to the
panel because maybe I'm not hearing
things correctly did that sound like
whining about not getting into the
colleges that he applied to by the way
he did get into other in other colleges
including Florida Atlantic University
California Polytechnic Polytechnic State
University in California State
University San Marcos by the way he has
a 4.2 GPA and an SAT score of 1270 very
smart guy is gonna have a very bright
future ahead of him and again I
personally didn't hear any whining but
tell me what you guys think I didn't
hear anyone no of course not he wasn't
whining at all in fact even when it was
suggested hey don't you think that the
likelihood of schools coming forward and
soliciting you is increased because of
you become sort of the spokesman or one
of the spokespeople for this movement
he said no they're a bunch of
extraordinary people out there and I'm
you know I'm pleased that you know you
might see me that way but that's not you
know I'm really just in a sea of
extraordinary people and then he pointed
to the problem in higher education which
I thought you know is again what a great
mind he is he's
clearly a future leader yeah he pointed
out that there's a major problem in this
country right now with higher education
to begin with which just shows his sort
of his awareness to what's going on
beyond just the issue that he has become
the spokesperson for which I think it's
it's worth reminding everyone he didn't
know these kids haven't asked me put in
this position right and it gets so
frustrating when you see on Twitter like
are you are you this or are you with
that like these are kids that survived a
massacre exactly exactly and these are
kids who went through something so
incredibly traumatic and they're victims
and they're fighting for change so other
people don't experience what they just
experienced and it's amazing to me to
see people on the right you know
Photoshop images of them in order to
smear them yeah that that Constitution
that's the most that was disgusting when
they showed ripping up the Constitution
right which of course she didn't do that
was photoshopped and then you have
people like Laura Ingraham who I mean
what are you 12 she's an adult who is
going after this guy this kid and making
it seem as though you know he's some
loser who didn't get into these schools
and that he's whining about it brilliant
yeah and if anyone in the story is known
for whining its Laura Ingraham and and
people who are in line with her in her
form of thinking because anyone who
happens to go against anything they
believe in regard to guns makes them
lose it and go on these rants like
lunatics
so anyway by the way there are members
of the right to their credit who
criticized Laura Ingraham yes and the
way that she handled that so I want to
give them credit because it's not
everyone on the right and I want to be
clear that you know unfortunately what
we're seeing is the extreme part of the
right kind of like represent everyone
and III don't think that that's a fair
depiction of everyone who identifies as
a Republican so I want to be clear about
that
Laura Ingraham is just crazy and an
extremist especially when it comes to
this particular issue following Laura
Ingram's criticisms of David hog not
getting
to every college that he applied to
David hog responded by listing all of
the people or all the companies that
advertise on Laura Ingram's Fox show so
on that list you'll see Sleep Number 880
tea nutrish which I learned is a dog
food brand Allstate and assurance bear
rocket mortgage and then he later
tweeted to each individual company and
asked them is Lorene been really the
type of person you support you know
especially after she attacked me on
Twitter and guess what a bunch of
companies started questioning their
support for Laura Ingraham and and their
advertisements on her show and they are
either pulling out or considering
pulling out we have Nestle TripAdvisor
Expedia Wayfarer Joseph a banks which is
a suit store nutrish nutrish actually
tweeted and said we're in the process of
removing our ads from Laura Ingram's
program and they said we're so happy
that Ana Kasparian now knows what we are
yeah so it's it's I mean people are
taking action and it's amazing how
influential these kids are they're so
incredibly influential following this
action Laura has issued an apology yeah
so let's get to that apology right now
so here's here some of her comments in
response to the heat that she's
receiving now she says any student would
be proud of a 4.2 GPA including david
hog on reflection in the spirit of holy
week Jeremy I apologize for any upset or
hurt my tweet caused him or any of the
brave victims of parkland for the record
I believe my show was - was the first to
feature David immediately after that
horrific shooting and even noted how
poised he was given the tragedy as
always he's welcome to return to the
show any time for a productive
discussion you know what's interesting
about that is that I'm sure that he that
they did have him on the show perhaps it
was his first appearance I don't know
but let's say that we believe her on
that note it was before
new the movement that was coming you
know and now that there has been this
reckoning and this movement from these
teenagers that survived this massacre
they're scared and then they're acting
as incredibly in an incredibly petty way
I just kept thinking you know why are
you like why are you punching down here
like come on you have to have some
respect and then also as a Christian in
the spirit of Holy Week I mean out of
your mind how about in the spirit of
human decency
absolutely what a holy week is a it was
a self-serving tweet and that's why
that's why she mentions Holy Week
because it reminds everybody you know
I'm holy I'll remind you and just to
your point grace quickly the they they
mentioned and attack these kids
personally because there is no argument
against what the kids are going for
which is responsible gun legislation so
they attack the kids cuz you can't
attack the argument itself but this
tweet an apology is really a non-apology
it's one of those you know I apologize
if I offended anyone with my comments
and then she mentions Holy Week and then
she mentions that she had David on and
was the first one as great says it was
just a rush to book this kid who'd been
at the parkland a massacre before this
entire movement was birthed oh so I give
her no credit for the tweet at all it'll
be self-serving she's started going down
a checklist of apologies to try and keep
advertisers is what it is and I think
that fortunately we can recognize just
sort of how tone-deaf this entire thing
was right absolutely and and I want this
to serve as a learning experience for
everyone and what I mean by that is it's
okay to disagree about policy right it's
okay to have come from a completely
different ideological standpoint and not
agree with everything that the victims
want but with that said there used to be
a time it feels like centuries ago at
this point where people could disagree
with one another on policy in a
civilized way in a civil way and right
now we're not seeing that at all you
know one of the issues with this Trump
era is that any and all civility has
been thrown out the window and it
doesn't matter who's involved in the
discussion it doesn't matter if it's
minors it doesn't
if they're victims it doesn't matter if
they're disadvantaged or disenfranchised
there's just this level of toxicity in
every political discussion and debate
that needs to be dealt with that really
needs to change and I don't know if
that's gonna happen but I do think that
this particular story could serve as a
learning experience for everyone
well the concerning experience also from
the standpoint of pressure you can bring
to bear when people get way out of
bounds
this president began all that bullying
making fun of the way people look little
mark I hate Marco Rubio but the little
Marco thing and methey making fun of
people's appearance I mean everyone he
was making fun of during the debates I
hate it but it doesn't make it right to
make fun of their appearance attack them
on the issues but again Trump doesn't
know the issues so he went after people
personally which is kind of what what's
happening here and the last thing about
this apology I will say is this apology
means nothing given the fact that there
is essentially a boycott gun to her head
if you'll pardon the use of the parallel
in this instance I mean the she's seeing
the boycott of her show by advertisers
and she's going oh my god
I've got to issue the apology so the
apology immediately is counterfeited
it's bankrupt and then when you actually
look at the apology from all the ways
that we've kind of broken it down it's
even more bankrupt so Laura Ingraham is
as vile today as she was yesterday if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
