although I feel like especially on
social media certainly in the the
mainstream media I hear on pretty much a
daily basis that medicare-for-all and
other formulations of single-payer
health care are pie-in-the-sky or just a
dream or extreme or however people want
to phrase it in the background even
though people that aren't necessarily
paying attention support for Medicare
for all has become the majority position
across America let's bring up this chart
and you're gonna see 59 percent of
Americans support Medicare for all that
is a solid majority how many other
issues get passed with far less support
than that 60 percent and that number is
almost certainly only going to rise over
time especially as the Republicans do
everything that they can to disable eyes
the current system that we have now
that's Medicare for all where we just
replace the entire thing with a single
government plan so what if we did
something where you could opt in you
could be a part of Medicare or some sort
of expanded Medicare but you don't have
to well let's look at that that's
actually higher seventy five percent of
Americans it's interesting that 20
percent of Americans don't want other
people to have the option of buying it
in Medicare so that's slightly selfish
but 75 percent how many issues other
than universal background checks or
firearms can you think of that have a
seventy-five percent approval rating and
that is for this crazy impossible
pie-in-the-sky plan that could never
actually work that now thankfully not
only does the the majority the vast
majority of the the American people
support but a growing number of
Democratic politicians support as well
whether in the house or in the Senate
certainly a lot of the candidates
especially the ones we've been focusing
on over the past year but you see how
legislators are analyzed you say that
you see legislators are out of step with
what the public wants I mean and that's
another great examine numbers the public
didn't want involvement in Iraq in the
form of a war and we went to war anyway
the overwhelming numbers of the public
don't want us in Afghanistan we're still
in Afghanistan overwhelming number of
the public on every poll want
restrictions on guns on assault rifles
on
background checks and legislators don't
even bring it up on the House or Senate
floor and so you end up with legislators
essentially blind to these kinds of
polls you're right there is popular
support for this but we cannot get this
is why the vote and the replacement of
these guys is so very important we
cannot get them to pay attention to the
people they're supposed to be
representing yeah yeah and that's you
know partially over in a large part due
to money month it takes which we talked
about on the show all the time but this
poll isn't really that surprising when
you reflect on the last general election
and how so many people who would have
supported Bernie Sanders or voted for
Bernie Sanders ended up voting for Trump
now I think that was crazy because
they're two completely different people
you have one moron and then you have
someone who actually knows the issues
cares about the issues and wants to do
something about income inequality and
our failing health care system but there
were two candidates who presented
themselves as anti-establishment and who
wanted to look out for the little guy
and so you know that's why you saw a lot
of crossover you saw people who would
have supported Bernie ending up voting
for Trump and it is a popular program it
is something that Americans do want and
it's not only something that's being
ignored by members of Congress it's
being ignored by media you see very
little coverage of this issue
and I think that's part of the reason
why Bernie decided to have that Town
Hall where he talked about his
medicare-for-all proposal in great
detail yeah that's a real great point
about the media and I hadn't considered
it it really is a great thankfully CNN
did do a Town Hall as well they had
Bernie Sanders versus Ted Cruz which
sounds like a good way to waste most of
the time there but at least they did
mention it I guess I would like to see
that sort of thing far more often than
once every cycle well the video leads
the debate is just what I was going to
say so that's why I like that point I
think in this country increasingly the
media leads a debate you see how much
time and energy Trump puts into his
taking in media every day even though
it's the singular voice of Fox News
Channel but I think the
the mainstream media leads a lot of the
popular debate particularly in the older
voters you know I think younger voters
are coming to places like TYT and to
alternative news sources and they're
trying to get information in other
places but but media does lead a lot of
this so I think the more media spotlight
on this kind of thing perhaps the more
dialog there being yeah maybe something
changes yeah I want to run through just
a couple more quick numbers to give an
idea of hopefully any politicians are
watching this and they think well but
how could this actually benefit me come
the next election as of right now 75% of
democrats support the idea of medicare
for all a total system 58 percent of
independents which is a nice a nice
healthy majority of independents even
almost 40% of Republicans are in favor
of single-payer health care but can you
imagine a decade ago now when you talk
about expanding it to you can opt in
which is I think it gets many of the
same benefits it's not as stable of a
system I think there's a lot of reasons
why you would want full Medicare for all
and not just the public option but when
asked about that Medicare for some
support amongst GOP voters goes to 64%
that number is actually pretty shocking
to me that's what I aim to do on the
show I want to give you shocking numbers
yeah and that means you can run on that
yes that's the point it's there there
comes a point at which you've hit a
threshold which makes it an issue that
you can run on and we're there right and
I think the reason why this is one of
those government programs that even
members of the GOP will sign on to is
because all of us have to experience
what private health care is like in the
u.s. all of us have to go through the
insurance claims the authorizations the
insanely expensive nonsensical prices
for our prescription drugs you know it's
not one of those issues where it only
impacts a certain population of people
so only those who have empathy care
about it right so you know when it comes
to food stamps you know the stereotypes
persist on the right but when it comes
to health care we all feel the pain and
I think that's the reason why a program
like Medicare is so popular yeah and so
one of the reasons I think it's so
important to continually talk about this
and to fight for this as a
see is these sorts of health care
policies especially Medicare for all but
even weaker versions of it like the ACA
for instance I just saw an analysis
today that showed that after looking at
several years of the data the ACA was in
effect transferring 16 billion dollars a
year to the poorest Americans thanks to
higher taxes on high-income Americans
and subsidies going to those who are at
the lower end of the economic ladder it
wasn't a huge percentage increase in
their income but it was a percentage
increase in their income something like
Medicare for all would be far stronger
of course so in the same way that
passing the Trump tax cuts is an income
inequality boosting measure doing
something like the ACA or especially
something like Medicare for all that is
the way that you push for at least a
little more income equality it's not
some sort of vague like ethereal issue
there are heart there specific concrete
policies that we can push for that
actually make things a little bit more
equal and I want to leave you with one
thing so what can you actually do about
this well you can certainly support
politicians who will not just run on
this but will actually pass something
like Medicare for all when they get into
office but you as an individual I think
that we have very passionate supporters
supporters who follow the news and go
out and debate and try to do something
with it and you will probably find it on
a lot of topics that is just bashing
your head against the wall because
people have these very solidified
opinions and nothing you say no facts
can actually cause people to change
their mind the good news is that on
these sorts of topics when it comes to
things like Medicare for all and health
care policy generally people do actually
listen to new information and a 20-17
kaiser poll people presented with
arguments against a similar proposals
against a single-barrel state health
care became 13 percentage points to 21
percentage points less likely to support
the idea depending on the argument on
the other hand when they were given
arguments for something like it they
went up 9 to 17 percentage points that
represents depending on who is providing
the information a gigantic swing in
favor or against these sorts of policies
don't let those on the other side of the
aisle be the only ones actually out
there communicating on these topics you
can help every single day to do that and
to get it more and more likely that
something like Medicare for all becomes
actual policy in America and there's
certain issues that people are dug in
and you're not gonna take them over on
the issues with guns
regrettably it's so hard to bring over
the other side to any kind of
responsible gun legislation but what
John's saying is on the issue of
Medicare for all it is possible to bring
people over to the other side they are
responsive to those arguments so pick
your battles if you're an advocate and I
think while you have to fight all the
battles that's a battle you have a good
chance of winning if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
