thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt senator Orrin
Hatch didn't want to be left out of this
new trend of Republicans mocking and
attacking victims of sexual assaults so
when he was approached by some
protesters earlier today he responded in
his own way as you'll see so as much as
we are really frustrated with Jeff Flake
and all that
his response sure seems good in
comparison he did that to them then he
said when you grow up I'll talk to you
remember he's talking to women that
whether he thinks they're being honest
or not are presenting themselves as
victims of rape and he says when you
grow up
I'll talk to you and then as he goes
away in the elevator that's kind of
sending a series of gestures and words
as is imaginable like stop Orrin Hatch's
Superman there is like this steel fence
around him like do you know how long
he's been in this position it's just
like manipulates um the idea that
senators are in place to be your voice
he is he is just you know he solid he's
doing what he wants guess who else he's
been able to do what he wants for years
and that is the response you get when
people get comfortable and how could you
not get comfortable if you there has
never been even like a serious challenge
I mean his prize yeah no no sorry he's a
yeah he's a they weren't attractive
enough witnesses to him is the same I
mean he says that about everyone in
anyone he's a thousand years old and I
don't say that to be ageist or anything
he's a thousand years old just because
and he's been in his position for 998
years like that's what it seemed looked
at young yeah he's one of those
two-year-old I don't know he's been it
for 900 years all right and that comfort
consistently being voted in has allowed
him this ability to not have to evolve
yeah to not have to change he is the
same person that he's always been yeah
and one of their friend one of the
threads has sort of gone through from
the B even before the sexual assault
allegations people were putting pressure
on Susan Collins that was when they
started raising money to eventually fund
a challenger to her if she voted in
support of him
they have always called it bullying
intimidation Susan Collins told a
reporter earlier today that she felt
bullied by the sexual assault victims
I'm coming to outside her office and you
see there and what what makes this all
like come together is those women have
the gall to think that because they
themselves have been assaulted or raped
that they have something to say about
this but while they came with their
lived experiences they didn't come with
250,000 dollar checks and so they don't
deserve respect Orrin Hatch doesn't care
what they went through they're not
funding his campaign so what's the
difference
Susan Collins has she ever like had a
lobbying group give a million dollars to
her and say hey why are you putting so
much pressure and speech on me now she's
always been fine with that it's just
when it's real people then it suddenly
becomes an issue and then words matters
you'd think the principal of the
elementary school cannot ever no matter
how horribly ill-behaved
be bullied by a kindergartner like do
you know anything just like the
circulation of power matters here and
they stopped that's it and that's what
they're complaining a break like that
when I hear people other maybe like it's
so hard to be a man right now it's so
hard to be in these positions that's
what he's talking about yeah that level
of discomfort getting into an elevator
and it sounds ridiculous I sound like
I'm hyperbolized but that's what they're
talking about up against the complete
other side
put yourself in other person's shoes the
idea of being raped physically yeah
sexual violence versus these people are
buying one getting in an elevator we'll
be arrested if you put your home is over
yeah yeah the the whining they they said
for days now this man's life has been
destroyed it's ruined he'll never
recover it looks like tomorrow he's
gonna be in the Supreme Court
ruined forever and so I've been saying
quite a bit recently that I see this as
like the counter-attack to the me to
movement and I hope that women come back
at them even stronger but at the same
time while amend need to be allies in
that we also need to engage in our own
war which is to fight this whiny
pathetic version of masculinity that the
right has taken up because it is helping
to destroy this country they are so
convinced of their own victimhood and
that everybody's attacking is the gay
people are tagging as the women are
attacking us racial minorities are
attacking us when are people gonna think
about us who have had control over the
majority of the Earth's surface for
literally thousands of years this
pathetic weakness of the right when it
comes to masculinity is something that
we need to do something about they're
not going to fix themselves I don't know
I don't have a solution by the way
that's one be very clear about that I
don't know how we protect them from
themselves but we need to do something
on the left this job that they keep
acting like they're forced to be in this
meeting a senator is not prison yeah
that's true you get the step down today
phony fundraising that's what they say
that's what they cite as like the most
frustrating part of the job and that's
kind of what we're arguing and trying to
get money out of politics but like they
act like it's like this giant terrible
thing when you know the alternative is
just don't come don't make those phone
calls like over the years some of you
don't even show up all the time so I
mean like you're allowed to just not be
there just go be a mansion mansion for
the cloture appeared conveniently after
both sides had voted like after the
initial roll call he walked in and then
with
let's scoreboard alright yes we can't
get rid of all of them but maybe we can
get rid of Ted Cruz at least the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more Tea Party
content at TYT comm slash app
