did you know that the Democrats are
really the KKK party what's your name
Jennifer Harrison brings you out tonight
I'm from Phoenix and I have no voice so
bear with me I'm from Phoenix Arizona we
came down for the rally at the border
this afternoon came up here to jump into
the belly of the beast so do you know
what Trump is doing right now right now
yeah well what he's in Beverly Hills for
okay what's he doing you know how much
people are paying to meet with him so I
know throughout his campaign Trump has
talked often about liberal elites the
Hollywood elite obviously the right
isn't a big fan of it so what do you
think about him coming into Beverly
Hills and getting 250,000 dollars a pop
to have people talk to him $35,000 a
maximum of 250 K if you actually want to
talk to him you can be at the meeting
for 25 but if you give a quarter of a
million
okay I would for campaigning obviously
but what do you think they're getting
for their money what are they saying
when they talk to him I mean these are
people in Beverly Hills these aren't
people in Alabama or Texas or Phoenix I
would be in that building too so you
would spend your last $30,000 talk to
trump president Trump okay so what what
made you originally a trump supporter
his very first speech and when he talked
talking about the Mexicans are rapists
speech know when he talks about building
the wall and finally addressing the
illegal immigration problem that is
plaguing our nation in what way is a
plague in the nation invasion from
Mexico we have lawlessness we have
people that think that they can just
sneak their family across our border and
demand the same rights and entitlements
as American citizens over and over year
after year
decade after decade there's no end in
sight to it okay
okay I'm also a border state okay and
we're fighting hard to make sure we
don't end up like you like us to be a
sanctuary anything so I understand the
sanctuary thing let's say on one topic
so you brought up the the play of of
illegal immigrants I mean we know
statistics show over literally decades
that illegal immigrants can do less
crime than native-born citizens dreamers
are some of the most model citizens
they're more likely to own a home more
likely to be Americans murdered by the
hands of an illegal immigrant so you
tell me which American citizen are you
willing to sacrifice to let an illegal
in because me I'm not willing to
sacrifice any citizen for an illegal
alien well I see I would make the case
that by spending sixty million dollars
in a wall we are sacrificing people
because that money could be spent on
something else so this isn't this is an
Anderson Cooper if you say some BS I'm
not simply going to let it slide and
then move on to the next thing 63,000
where where where is that coming from
since 2001 63,000 Americans have been
murdered or killed at the hands of
illegals that doesn't count the rapes
this is my interview beat it as you're
watching this at home
feel free to fact-check that phone right
now back check it I have new voices I've
been streaming for a week okay so I
really have to ask so I know that you've
been saying to people that Trump isn't a
racist that's fine okay 63,000 Americans
have been murdered or killed by illegal
immigrants okay illegal aliens they're
not immigrants they're illegal are
technically immigrants that's what the
word means an illegal proper term the
legal proper term is illegal alien you
can package it up and make it as pretty
as you want by calling them undocumented
dreamers they are illegal aliens period
I don't think that's actually
technically true
the English language with the words mean
things legally so which American are you
willing to sacrifice for an illegal
alien because for me it's none so you
said you don't want me to cut you off
but then you ask the question you don't
let me answer I would say if you have
sixty billion dollars and you spend it
to build a wall rather than investing in
health care a number of other things
you're sacrificing a great number of
people's lives that more from coming
over well for one thing you simply wait
because we know year by year fewer and
fewer people have been coming over we
also know has that worked yes the
numbers have literally been going down
every year this is just a throwback to
the 90s and 80s he's trying to just
that's that's very interesting but I
don't wanna switch the topic just yet so
look I do want to ask you in general
because you were you were saying to a
lot of people you don't believe that
he's racist I'm not gonna try to
convince you these races but I am
curious would you care if he was would
that actually stop he's not if he was
would you care that's a hypothetical
what would it even mean for him to be a
race are we talking hypotheticals are we
talking facts because I don't work on
honor I'm trying to get to your values
babies and hypotheticals I go on facts
okay there's not been anything that
shows that Trump is a racist so that
card is is over blade well no I'm very
curious so so let's talk in terms of
what he's actually done not just that we
talk we focus a lot on his language
let's talk about what he's actually done
so he's nominated a number of different
judges
I wouldn't curious how many Hispanic or
black judges has he nominated so far in
the 14 plus months he's been president
I'm not sure zero okay that doesn't that
seem interesting george w bush nominated
multiple people of color to be judges we
nominate people based on their skin
color not snow we nominate the base not
their qualification so is it your
position that suddenly when he became
president they became less qualified a
year so you're telling me we should
nominate people solely based on their
skin color not the quality do you
believe that they do you believe that
they became less qualified when Trump
became president their qualifications
qualified just because they're black or
brown no I want him to choose people who
are qualified and I know that and I know
that in America people of all racial
groups are qualified to to serve in our
judicial system
I'm a race baiter because I want to
represent only on their color not their
skill so so if I'm going to say
something and she's not gonna listen I'd
I know a lot of people want to talk to
you black and Hispanics yes that is 100%
right that is 100% right and also if you
look at the chart it was going down
going down going down it's still down I
don't know that we can necessarily
attribute that to Trump consider he was
going down historically look I know a
lot of people want to talk to you we
disagree on a number of different things
but I do in a general sense prove the
fact that you like your president and
you're trying to engage with people I
think we need more of that I don't
necessarily agree with all of your
tactics but I agree I will agree with
whether that is a fact or not but anyway
thank you for coming out tonight
you
