the Sacramento Police Department has
released body cam footage following the
shooting of a 23 year old man by the
name of Stephon Clark he was shot and
killed in his own backyard
and it all happened when police were
looking for an individual who was
breaking into cars they allegedly
mistook Clark as the suspect and chased
him into his grandmother's backyard he
was living with his grandmother at the
time and believed that he had a gun when
in reality he was holding his cell phone
and the two police officers fired 10
shots each so 20 shots total both
officers involved with the shooting were
placed on paid administrative leave now
there was public outcry following that
shooting and so in an effort to be
transparent with the community the
officers have decided or the police
department has decided to release the
footage what we're about to show you is
incredibly graphic I want to make sure
to give you guys that warning but with
that said let's take a look at the first
video
by seven shots fire some say go Chile
woman's see your heads
five 70s down no movement we're gonna
need additional units okay it's hard to
see right so now cops and the right wing
will then use that as an excuse for what
was hard to see so they didn't know if
he had a gun or not if you didn't know
if he had a gun or not maybe you
shouldn't have killed him so when I see
that it's hard to see I get that the
cops have a tough job and if you're in
that backyard and that guy's running by
the way the report was that the guy had
were they're calling a tool bar
presumably a crowbar right that what is
he gonna throw it at you did he switch
the crowbar for a gun when did he switch
that I understand it's hard but we can't
have you executing citizens because you
couldn't see that's exactly what the
problem is so one of the things that we
talk about a lot when these stories come
up is how in a lot of cases the cops
don't want to take any risk they they
open fire immediately because that's
what they're trained to do don't risk
your own life if you have any reasonable
suspicion that this person might have a
weapon open fire and that's essentially
what happened here but what follows is
even more infuriating because remember
in total they fired 20 shots okay
the guy is on the ground he is not
moving and just take a look at how they
react and and treat an innocent guy
after they gunned him down
look again these videos are graphic
let's go to the next one
you're still pointing I'll get you right
yeah Martin I got a gun you want to
standby on that he's still down he's not
moving you can't see the gun we don't
know we don't have it
PC hey he came up and then he he kind of
approached us hands out and then so down
we can't see his left hand I have to
mention something that's important so
after they shot him and he fell to the
ground
they of course called for backup you
could hear that in the in the
surveillance and it took about five to
six minutes for backup to arrive so for
five to six minutes he is laying there
on the ground not moving you have not
confirmed whether or not he has a weapon
right and you're still I mean even back
up there like sir can you hear he's dead
you fired 20 shots he's dead he's on the
ground he hasn't moved can we please get
the paramedics to go in there and see if
they could possibly save his life I mean
no no no look I gotta say it's not that
they are cowards it's that we train them
to be cowards if I shot a guy would I
sit there for five minutes as he bled
out even if he was a guy who barged into
my house and put our lives in danger
would I just callously sit there well I
mean if I approached the guy who's
bleeding out there's 1% a 1% chance that
it's he's been laying a bear trap for me
as his blood is oozing all over the
ground and so I'd rather not take a 1%
of a 1% chance and whereas if I rushed
to him and I actually put something on
his wounds maybe there's a 50% chance he
lives we've trained them to not have
human reactions the human reaction is oh
my god
want to make sure he doesn't die even if
he had pointed his phone at me which is
what he was doing which by the way he
wasn't why would he point a phone at
anyone okay he had a cell phone on him
but he didn't bother to check you didn't
bother to check you just gunned him down
can you not see why we're all upset
about that what kind of a monster
doesn't get upset at that and then to
let him bleed out like it and this is
not the only case guys this is why we
emphasized the training Philander
Casteel for all that time bleeding out
they won't get him
they won't address them and then they
handcuff him after they that's exactly
what happened in this case I do want to
toss to the to the final video on this
because after they finally approached
his body and could see that he is not
responsive guess what they did take a
look
we're gonna need pure stuff look it's
part of the training man if the guys
there fighting for his life dying right
in front of you do not be human be
absolutely afraid afraid afraid afraid
afraid handcuff a guy who's bleeding out
I've now shown dozens of videos on The
Young Turks of cops handcuffing people
who are bleeding to death why I don't
want to take any risk I don't want to
take any risk what am i a cop what do I
have
weaponry all over me I got a Taser I got
a gun I got a shotgun I got everything I
got a 8000 backup but no I don't want to
take 1% of 1% of 1% of 1% risk but the
guy bleeding to death in front of me
might actually scratch me or something
because I see his phone you see the
video his photos right there there was
no gun it was a phone who cares about
his life his life means nothing we have
been trained to be cowards so we're
gonna Hank up that guy bleeding to death
that's not our cops that's not our cops
you know their slogan and all across the
country is better to be judged by 12
than carried out by six
in other words execute them who cares
we never get called to account those
jurors always let us off
better to be judged by 12 then carried
out by 6 let's all trained to be cowards
and never actually have the courage to
say wait it's dark
is that a gun or a crowbar or a phone no
we trained them just murder the guy let
him bleed out because your life is a
billion times more important than a
citizen's life well then that's not our
cops it's just a paramilitary force
meant to occupy us not interested in
that we should elect prosecutors across
the country DA's like Larry crasner in
Philadelphia and we should root out this
injustice against all of us so they stop
murdering us you're not here to protect
this service
you're here to protect and serve
yourself it's plain as day in that video
stop teaching the cops that they need to
be cowards if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash joined get
the whole young turks o every day
