now joining me mayor of Stockton
California Michael Tubbs with a
fascinating new experiment that they
have over there
mayor Tubbs great to have you here
thanks so much for having me yes
Stockton California okay so by the way
just before we get started on your
interesting experiment it says in your
bio that you're the youngest elected
official in Stockton history and one of
the youngest elected in the nation
overall so how old are you I'm 27 now
but I started on City Council when I was
there was a likely married 26 Wow Wow
that's change okay and you and it's not
just an age you brought and change with
you so you've started the Stockton
economic empowerment demonstration its
seed for short clever I get it okay so
what is it
i'mso seed is the first city led
guaranteed income demonstration so the
idea is that right now we're still in
the design phase but the idea is that at
least 100 families will be given $500 a
month as a as a pilot or a demonstration
to see that what happens when people are
given what people call a basic income or
universal basic income or a guaranteed
income so Stockton is unfortunately way
behind the rest of California and and
that's as nothing to with you obviously
it went bankrupt back in 2012 when you
were probably in junior high or
something so and now one for residents
live below the poverty line so you might
have to give that five on your buck so
an awful lot of people so but you're are
you giving it to everybody or is this
just an experiment and if it's an
experiment how many people do give it to
and how do you decide I'm so it's a it's
it's not how I determine experiment so
it's more of a demonstration we were
able to get a million dollars from the
Economic Security Project and another
quarter million dollars from the global
bridge foundation I mean with that money
we're thinking we'll be able to serve
100 families at least with Filan dollars
a month for 18 months and the idea is
not that it's gonna solve all the issues
but to really kind of help have a
conversation in this country about the
current economic conditions that many
people live in I know the folks I know
in Stockton and work incredibly hard
some are migrant field workers some are
uber drivers some are teachers etc and
all seem to be struggling this economy
so the idea is to show the efficacy of
the idea of a basic income with the
hopes that will spark a larger
discussion not just in the city but in
the state and even the nation around
sort of the economic floor people
deserve and so you say hundred people
for 18 months when did the program begin
so the program hasn't begun yet we're in
the design phase now and the idea is
that by q3 or q4 on this year we'll
start the disbursement and some of the
questions are in the design of this that
many of the same things you brought up
in terms of who will be selected how are
they selected etc we're also working
with research partners so we're
interviewing some of the finest
institutions in the world to come
alongside us and help kind of research
and document in a storytelling partner
as well so we'll be able to show not
just does it work or what this what do
people do with the money but also it
tell some stories a resilience and
strength and how something as simple as
$500 a month could make a world of
difference for families yeah it's a
conundrum because if you pick exemplary
people to give that money to they might
be in poverty but they're willing to
work hard etc then it might be a skewed
I know you don't want to call it an
experiment demonstration right yes that
on the other hand if you pick people
randomly is that the right way to go
it's a really interesting question so
have you do you have a point of view on
which way you should go on that ah well
I'm embrittle to optimist I truly think
when given real opportunity the vast
majority of people are rational actors
I'm even in economics I think I
basically income I think of people like
my mother or the people are grew up with
who were brilliant it would find the
ways that that five dollars a month
could really get to leads that maybe I
wouldn't be able to foresee for my perch
so I think there we it'll be as random
as possible
um and for it to be realistic there's
gonna be some people who probably don't
do critical good things with the dollars
but previous studies have shown whether
with the Alaska Permanent Fund in Alaska
or the Eastern Band of Cherokee Native
Americans that more often than not
folks do good things and have good
outcomes when giving more Economic
Opportunity and so what's the thesis
here what could they do with the $500 a
month that could somehow I mean I
obviously could make their lives better
in the short run but what could they do
with it to propeller propel their lives
in the long run yeah well I think it's
very case-specific so for some people it
might be 500 enough dollars a month
excuse me is enough for them to enter
back into the workforce on because
they're able to afford childcare for
some people it might be 500 a month is
enough for them to pay for their books
at the community college level for some
people it might be 500 now a month is
enough for them not to have to work two
or three jobs to stay home with stay
home when students are with their family
or be a caregiver for some people it
might be $500 a month might be enough to
deal with the rising rents and and pay
utility bills which averaged about five
dollars a month for some people $500 a
month might be enough to start a savings
since one in two Americans don't
currently have $400 stage for an
emergency yeah yeah that is a stunning
fact it was mentioned in the Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren town all the
other night a 46% of Americans cannot
survive a four hundred dollar bill they
would be bankrupt and and half need to
take out a loan or or not be able to pay
it so it's obviously something that
could affect a lot of Americans so now
conservatives will say yes but mayor
Tubbs you'll never get that money back
so it's not a efficient way to spend the
money and if we just give it it's just
gone and it's not an investment it's not
like it's a tax cuts for the rich in
their point of view that stimulate the
economy and then you you get it back
into the economy that's that's what they
will say so how do you answer that
yeah I'm not an economist so I go
strictly by common sense and most people
I know who are struggling in the economy
are sometimes our biggest consumers so I
see a lot of those funds are being spent
on other small businesses within the
city I'm helping the city generate more
sales tax ARS etc also I think the best
investment we can make is our in our
people but especially the vast majority
of people who are currently struggling
our economic system and I think an
investment in them is probably more
important to the long-term viability of
our democracy than investment and those
who are already doing incredibly well
yeah and there is of course a theory on
how that money circulates much more if
you give it to people who will
immediately spend it because almost all
of them other than the you know the
small amount of savings that you alluded
to earlier will by definition since they
live in poverty will have to spend it
and then it goes right back into the
economy so that'll be an interesting
part of the experiment as well and and I
see in Stockton you the average
household income or median is forty four
thousand seven hundred ninety seven
which is way below rest of California
which is at over sixty one thousand
dollars so that's another reason why
it'll probably very likely go right back
into the economy so will there be a
number of experiments here is this you
do this first one let's say you pick
people randomly or however you got you
know the the academics and the
politicians instead of the
representatives wind up picking them
then will there be for example when they
give loads of small business across the
world different organizations do they
have noticed and it's not a good thing
and I wish it weren't the case because
I'm a guy you're a guy but it turns out
women spend it a lot better oh
absolutely
so is there gonna be a second experiment
where maybe you give it just to women
and see if then turns out to be better I
think that'd be a great idea if there's
any funders who are interested in
investing in Stockton women Michael
Tubbs my email is mayor at Stockton CA
tiger my twitter is Michael details will
be very interested on my entertaining
about as well because the idea is that
we think a guarantee an income can be an
answer but we also understand there's a
multitude of answers and we
the people hit oftentimes that hard in
smite a lot of the contemporary issues
were having a society so we're being
very bold and wise about seeking
opportunities to try new things our
better conditions for the folks yeah and
look I want to be clear and this is back
and forth my sense I'm not sure it's
gonna work I have no idea and and that's
why I'm really curious about it and it
might not work or it might or we might
it might not work but we might learn
something
tangential that winds up being really
important that we can use in another
program or this one might not work and
the next one might work if you direct it
towards women or some other way of
structuring it maybe 500 is not the
right number maybe it's a thousand maybe
we should do an experiment with a
thousand so I can't wait gonna turn out
and I'm in complete agreement with you
and I also think we probably both agree
that the current system is not working
for the vast majority of people either
so we have to begin figuring about okay
where are some other things we can do to
improve and work on the social safety
net so I'm a nerd let me grab the exact
excited to see what happens like when
it's out in the world when people have
it what actually happens and how do we
take those learnings and translate that
into policy so I'm in full agreement
with you yeah and and and that's great
you got a private public cooperation
here too so you can raise the money from
other place as well so now I'm gonna
have to have you back on the show cause
you guys have implemented it and then we
see the results no question about it so
but I am curious now on a separate note
go but go back to what we started with
how the world is you become mayor at the
age of 26 how'd you win the race
that's this well on city council for
four years and in stonker that's a time
to read for City Council you had to run
citywide so because of that campaign I
had built a citywide sort of following
in base and there in the four years I
was on city council I worked really
closely with community groups to really
improve this southern part of the city
I'm so we opened health clinics open
bank close problem liquor stores the
community really responded to that
leadership and several people pushed me
and urged me to run for mayor so I ran
and can't
ran ragged and or knocked and phonebank
then got chased by dogs and we were able
to win the primary with eight people by
nine points and then we won the general
with 71 percent of the vote but loved it
as a person of faith I tribute to that
but also just a hard work a kind of
coalition we built over four years and
really a track record of not being
perfect but actually getting things done
alright Michael Tubbs absolutely
fascinating mayor and a fascinating
experiment in Stockton everybody check
out the links down below for the
Stockton demonstration or good but I
also will put up the email that Michael
mentioned earlier in the show as well so
mayor Thomas thanks for joining us we
appreciate you brother
