so Donald Trump trying to outdo himself
again last week we had a poll on the
dumbest thing he said in 24 hours span
and there were three significant
competitors check that out at TYT
Network comm slash dumbass we will have
a link down below for you guys in the
description box on YouTube comment
section on Facebook okay so now to be
fair to Donald Trump this time he took
two days to do three incredibly dumb
things so let me share it with you guys
and then we'll do a second poll and
it'll be fun so he recently tweeted
about the special counsel except he
spelled not just counsel wrong he
spelled weather wrong you Bert Weiss is
here let me show you the tweets he
writes special counsel is told to find
crimes that's not how you spell counsel
in that case whether crimes exist or not
that's not I use bellwether
I was opposed to the selection of Muller
to be special counsel spelled wrong
again I'm still opposed to it I think
President Trump was right when he said
there never should have been a special
counsel appointed because there was no
probable cause for believing that there
was any crime collusion or otherwise or
obstruction of justice so stated by
Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz
okay now he's Dersch was didn't write it
like that Dershowitz is now a total
right-wing zealot especially on the
issue of foreign policy so he's like oh
yeah Harvard law professors on my side
oh okay you have a neoconservative you
know right winger on your side big
surprise anyway of course Dersch was at
least would be smart enough not to
misspell council and Trump did it three
times it that's okay you know sometimes
he gets carried away in his tweets it's
not really okay he's the president if
Obama had made those errors it like all
we knew it was affirmative action that
got him a dog Columbia at Harvard Law we
knew it right and they'd ask for his
transcripts which is what Donald Trump
did I'd love to see Donald Trump's
transcripts really you went to Wharton
and you passed those classes you got
good enough grades that formed us
transferring to Wharton now your daddy
got you in you're an idiot
you don't know how you have no idea out
of spell anyway he the other
surrender all mr. president's oh you got
a misspelling there you misspelled
whether in that case okay so they put
out a new version of it and let's look
at the new version so in the new version
weather is now correctly spelled in this
case and Anita got the extra the but all
the idiots at the White House kept
council misspelled in the new version
too
oh they're so dumb look if you don't
know how to spell council in the two
different cases behind man but you're
not the president the United States and
you're not putting out of public tweet
about the special council the guy that
you can't stand the one that's hounding
you the one that might take you out of
office just take a second look it up
online or something don't embarrass
yourself like this day in and day out so
a couple of fun tweets about it person
writes in here shows all the mistakes
gives him an F and then says stay in
school kids that was Ryan Parker and
then Keith Boykin with a funny tweet as
well he says dear Donald is special
counsel not the special counsel counsel
is a group of people like a student
council a council is a lawyer like the
people you hire to pay off porn stars
boy could also pointed out that Fox News
also misspelled it that's probably where
Trump got it from okay but we're not
done so that's entrant number one into
the race of dumbest thing Donald Trump
is said in the last 24 hours
well today he's gonna introduce Lockheed
Martin CEO brag about the f-35 and her
name is Marilyn Houston okay Marilyn
Houston so I want you to remember that
as he introduces her get a load of what
he calls her and then what he says about
the f-35 because we have two contestants
from this one small video let's watch
and we have some of our great business
leaders and leaders period right behind
me I may ask Marilyn Lockheed the
leading woman's business executive in
this country according to many
and we buy billions and billions of
dollars worth of that beautiful f-35
it's stealth you cannot see it is that
correct
better be correct right Marilyn please
say a few words okay let's bring it down
number one her name is that Marilyn
Lockheed the name of the company is
Lockheed Martin look you can say that he
misspoke but somebody write it down four
and again you're the president you're on
camera I'm gonna vote against that one
because of all the different dumb things
he does that seems benign by comparison
but we put it in there in the poll for
you guys my favorite one out of that
clip was it's invisible right it's
invisible in your Wonder Woman right
yeah it's not a she's embarrassed it
she's like yes mr. president it's
invisible this is from Lockheed Martin's
own website stealth is not invisibility
rather stealth gives the f-35 the
ability to elude or greatly complicate
an enemy's ability to find and destroy
an aircraft using a combination of
design tactics and technology it allows
you to evade radar it is not an
invisible plane you dumbass okay the
present have invisible planes oh my god
alright so what is the dumbest thing
that Trump has done in the last two days
you guys get to vote TYT Network comm
sighs dumbass - number one misspelled
special counsel number to call CEO of
Lockheed Martin Maryland Lockheed now
that I say it out loud it's pretty funny
and number three say that a stealth
fighter is invisible okay looking
forward to the results the links are
down below make sure you click on them
and vote early and often if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird
or you might say oops no that won't be
that one it won't be that one it'll be
great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
