in the fall out of the Cambridge
analytic a facebook scandal where has
Cambridge analytic --is staff gone and
their board of directors well they were
banned from Facebook but the people have
gotten the band back together it seems
that all broke a week ago and now
Rebecca and Jennifer Mercer daughters of
hedge fund Tide Coon Robert Mercer have
just joined the board of a mysterious
new company according to public filings
of Britons a company's house and their
data was incorporated in August of 2017
and the Mercer's were appointed to its
Board March 16th this year who else is
on board Cambridge analytic is now
suspended chief executive Alexandre
Knicks have you ever heard of them is
also listed as a director as is Julian
Wheatland chairman of Cambridge analytic
a parent firm SCL group more Wheatland
set up Emer data along with Cambridge
analytic as chief data officer Alexander
Taylor and yes there is even more
another notable company director is
Johnson Chun Chun Co the deputy chairman
of frontier services group who are they
they're a private security firm which
mostly operates in Africa and is
currently chaired by US businessmen and
prominent Trump supporter Eric Prince
everybody's involved he's best known for
funding private military group
Blackwater US and is the brother of US
education secretary Betsy DeVos ok so
these are some of the worst people on
earth just to be clear ok so Robert or
Rebecca
Mercer are like out of a comic book
their villain comic book villains they
actually remind me of the family from
girl with a dragon tattoo I don't go up
to the house ok and so why do I say that
first of all they rebel in buying
politicians and they spent tens of
millions of dollars just buying
politicians left and right and then
pretending to be for freedom and guess
what they're looking for
out of those politicians the freedom to
have less taxes for their
a billionaire family okay of course
okay so then but like the Koch brothers
they're like oh this is all about
liberty right your Liberty no no no
their Liberty okay so all right then
they set up this tangled web Robert
Mercer funded Breitbart see Banias ahead
of Breitbart then they take Breitbart
I'm sorry see Bannen and Kellyanne
Conway and the Mercer's had them and
they were part of a contingent that was
actually originally supporting Ted Cruz
they'd given thirteen million dollars to
Ted Cruz then they moved them once Ted
Cruz loses over to Donald Trump and they
tell Donald Trump hey we're coming with
our bag of money but you're gonna put
these two people into your campaign
Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway so
they insert them into that campaign
meanwhile Mercer is also funded
Cambridge analytical and Cambridge
analytical then goes and basically
steals 50 million people's private
information which they then used to help
Trump now the Blackwater guys come in
now they have private contractors that
do security work is another word for
mercenaries so they have mercenaries
that used to operate in America
Blackwater we actually started that
mercenary group by funding it during the
Iraq war to go kill people in Iraq with
no accountability at all once week once
it became so public at how many people
they were murdering totally
indiscriminately and they were brought
up on charges here in America they did a
cute little thing you'll love this they
changed the name from Blackwater to Z I
think they changed it one more time so
changing the name to another company is
old hat for these guys and so what
happens here Cambridge at Nauticus
caught with their hand in the cookie jar
they're in a world of trouble they take
the same exact cast of characters they
move it to a new company with a
different name member data but the
parent group of CLC see S or s CL group
is the same they have the same addresses
Amer data they are the ones who started
care in Cambridge analytical in the
first place it's all the same s CL group
it's the most obvious thing in the world
and part of what Cambridge analytical
got caught on was the taking of 50
million years
information phrases the other part was
channel foreign Britain did a wonderful
sting operation on them sent in an
undercover reporter pretending to be
from a less developed country saying how
can you help manipulate my elections I
think you did a wonderful job for Trump
there like for did we we did a great job
for Trump and you should see the
elections we fixed in Africa who else
operates in Africa as mercenaries oh
right Erick Prince's group frontier
which is also on the board of this cut a
new company right so and then they
bragged about oh we blackmail
politicians all the time we get them
prostitutes then we get them on tape
I've also heard that's somewhere else
before by getting caught on tape and
being extorted anyway hey and so and by
the way Eric Prince is the guy who went
to a secret meeting in seashells island
that was recently revealed where he met
with some of the top Russian officials
as an envoy for Donald Trump so this is
a tangled web that they have weaved but
it is not with your best interest in
mind so they want to make money they
want to manipulate elections and the
bottom line is their bottom line and
that's it since they're now so publicly
known in the West so a US UK it's gonna
be hard for Republicans for example to
use Emmer data even though it's it's not
because it's obvious that it's Cambridge
analytic I it's obvious to us some of
them use it anyway and go oh no no
Cambridge analytical no there are at
least two or three new people in this
company okay I don't know what you're
talking about oh that's some conspiracy
theory right but mainly they're gonna go
make money from manipulating elections
in other countries so what they bragged
about in that undercover investigation
is they're like there's no check in a
lot of these African countries and in
and in the West we have to kind of
basically they didn't say steal the
information but it is in fact what they
did in mining the information from
Facebook
but in African countries the leader who
wants to get reelected and by the way
it's not just African countries but that
was the example that they were using
they just hand us all the data of
everyone in the country and then it's so
much
easier to manipulate them and another
guy on the tape that works for Cambridge
analytical says now remember you have to
try to do propaganda without them
realizing that it's propaganda and by
the way where have I seen that movie
before yeah I think I that movie was
released in 2016 but it's interesting
you say that there was so well known in
America
well they they already got their
president and they got their tax break
yeah mission accomplished that tax break
looked created a one and a half trillion
dollar deficit but when you take into
account the money they took out from
other parts of the budget and everything
else they moved around some estimates
say that that was a six trillion dollar
tax cut for the rich now what wouldn't
you do for six trillion dollars and so
what if they get caught and Oh golly gee
you'll never work in this town again oh
well I'll just have to settle for my six
trillion dollars you just watch the
video by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
