there's one other aspect of this story
in trying to figure out why the Austin
bomber attacked the the people that he
did attacked in two places that he did
Fox News host Geraldo had a theory and
he's getting a lot of criticism for it
here is him explaining what he thinks
because I believe that there is in the
location in the nexus of these crimes
there is some explanation as to what he
was doing Austin is not only the capital
of Texas it is a dot of deep blue in
state a sea of red a very liberal town
there was a lot of attention to this
liberal island in the in the
conservative seas that might have had
something to do with his choice of
targets and you know this the timing of
this mm-hmm so of course Fox News
viewers needed a safe space after that
they were trace cushon yeah look I think
that it was very clearly speculating uh
it looks like the guy who did it was a
conservative now but a lot of the stuff
was written seven years ago and we did
it might have been that he was very
conservative but that's not why he did
the bombings who knows yeah right so we
don't know yet the authorities will tell
us is it interesting or fair speculation
to think well he's got a lot of really
conservative writings online and he
attacked the most liberal part of Texas
it's fine speculation you might not
agree with it you might not like it but
it's nothing to get triggered over it's
a perfectly normal hypothesis yeah but I
mean dick the comments were they did not
like what her elders said obviously they
were as we said triggered um yeah look I
honestly don't know I think it's
possible that there was some sort of
political thing I mean you have the
reason someone wants to commit an attack
and then you have why they choose the
targets that they do which are sort of
separate things we might have some sort
of political explanation later on as to
why he chose to do the attacks at all
but in terms of attacking around Austin
he lived around Austin and it seems to
me that people typically attack the
places that they're around like
conservatives are constantly shocked
like
why the this shooter went into the
school and shot it up it must have been
because it was a gun-free zone when nine
times out of ten or more they went to
that school or they currently go to that
school which seems like a more relevant
fact than the fact that it's a gun-free
zone it might simply be that he lived a
little bit north of Austin in a suburb
and so he attacked the place around it's
not always the case the terrorists that
were just talking about the mosque in
the abortion bombing they drove quite
far to attack different places but it
doesn't seem Rayner yeah so is John
point on this tweet after tweet from the
right-wing who are like how conservative
me by the way let's note for the record
that those are the same people who
scream at the top of their lungs the
minute that it we it's a Muslim name now
when you say hey the guy might have a
zero how good you are melting right now
so a little bit of balance here it's
what it Heraldo dude is generally
harmless and I'm gonna give one more
piece of context here just take one of
the tweets you're Jay Richards rice I'm
a little perplexed once again Geraldo
Rivera is saying a white male may be
getting revenge of the City of Austin
for being a sanctuary city what is wrong
then was saying an illegal Brown male
drives drunk and kills an entire family
or innocent white person first of all I
don't think that were all to emphasize
the whiteness of the person he
emphasized that he was conservative
mainly there he just emphasized that the
location attacked was liberal yeah even
it might have been a longer clip but he
didn't really talk about the guy yeah
and in the beginning the authorities not
her although the authorities were
concerned that it might have been a hate
crime because it targeted my the first
three or four bombs three bombs at least
targeted just minorities and they
thought that was disproportionate and
curious they didn't make no conclusions
later there were other random bombs that
went off that had nothing to do with
minorities but but they were concerned
that a person might be targeting people
for their race yeah okay
whereas when an undocumented immigrant
is involved in any tragic situation
including driving drunk and killing
one there is no one charging and he did
it to kill white people he got drunk and
killed somebody because he was drunk
driving there's no intent to go kill
white people so you're bringing race
into it for no reason at all and the
fact that they just cannot distinguish
that is I think telling ya for them
everything is about race but then they
will project and say I can't believe
Geraldo's talking about race when he
didn't mention race at all yeah and I
and on the bomber one last thing here we
mentioned his hypocrisy and the other
story about how he was criticizing
terrorists and and turns out he was a
terrorist but he was consistent on one
issue he argued fervently for the death
penalty and then gave himself one so
well it wasn't be hypocritical yeah
that's right he was consistent on that
and that's about the only thing
apparently that we could say positive
about him yeah yeah anyway just as a I
mean I lived in Austin for over five
years and the whole time this was going
on over the past few weeks I've been
thinking about how awful it must be to
live there every moment terrified of
what might happen and so it's obviously
a huge load off their minds and mine is
a former resident that finally the
situation seems to be resolved you just
watch the video by the young turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
