so here we are at the end of the night
we cover the Illinois primary for you
guys tonight a long night of coverage
and every primary night by the way in
all the states TYT Network comm / live -
check us out we were checking on a
number of races Daniel Biss was a
progressive challenger in the governor's
race against JB Pritzker who's a
billionaire spirited fight but it came
out short and to be honest significantly
short losing by about 20 points we
thought it'd be closer than that so
that's the disappointing results Chris
Kennedy and Biss split the what appears
to be the progressive vote and they both
got around here in fact here we are
alive I'll tell you the exact results
with 91% reporting so pretty much over
forty five point eight and it has been
called JP Pritzker 45.8% this was a
twenty six point one and Chris can be a
twenty four point when yes combined II
would it be prettier but that's not how
it works so they lost and and
unfortunately significantly so we were
also checking in on Justice Democratic
races and there was for just Democrats
in the race and unfortunately they also
lost it with one exception that's not
called yet Murray Newman I'll get to her
in a second but Samina
Mostafa lost in the Illinois's fifth
District and then Anthony Clark lost in
Illinois seventh District and that was
in a race against the incumbent Danny
Davis who had just too big a name
recognition and then David Gill in
illinois's 13th district also lost so
finally that brings us to Murray newman
versus dan Lipinski Lipinski is the
incumbent and he was the very
conservative Democrat he's against
choice he voted to defund Planned
Parenthood and and the list goes on I
mean it's just an abhorrent exactly the
kind of conservative corporatist
Democrat takes a ton of corporate money
that did we try to fight against you
voted against Obamacare you voted
against affordable care
it's ridiculous but nonetheless most of
the incumbents supported him because
he's in their club now Murray Newman was
supported by the just Democrats and then
many other almost all other progressive
groups and even some of the movable
so-called progressive groups from
Washington finally came to her side and
it was a close race and as we stand here
live at the end of the night 95 percent
reporting 95 percent reporting fifty
point nine to forty nine point one so
she won't be able to close that gap
something extraordinary could happen but
it is very unlikely so the the last five
percent might take all night to report
bottom line right now is with two point
lead Lipinsky it looks like he's gonna
hang on for the win so there are some
great nights and there's some bad nights
when you cover elections and look I
remember 2008 when Obama beat Bush I
kept saying we docked a ship I thought
for sure the Bush and Cheney we're gonna
attack or Iran on top of Iraq and caused
a worldwide disaster we couldn't recover
from but we docked the ship and we got
Obama in now Obama had his issues but he
won in 2012 and we covered that and that
was an interesting and amazing night and
then the disaster in 2016 now in this
2018 cycle we had a great night in Texas
there were seven just Democrats up three
won outright they were already going up
against the Republicans to made it into
the runoffs and to lost and even among
the one that lost there at crow is now
supporting Mary Wilson was a wonderful
progressive in that race so we went
basically five for seven that night and
it was a great night tonight not a good
night
Oh for for for the Justice Democrats
plus Daniel Biss losses so in Illinois
the machine unfortunately wins again one
more time that big machine that a lot of
people charged with corruption in
Illinois prevails the progressives
tonight did not come out victorious the
establishment wins won and you got to
give the devil its due and tonight they
got their due whether we like it or not
that's the results from tonight
