yet another motive school shooting
because it's Tuesday and that's how it
is in America one school shooting after
another one mass shooting after another
one massacre after another in this case
there's one dead and it is the shooter
but there are several injured it's in
Maryland let me tell you all about it um
I'm a seventeen year old male student
opened fire using a handgun around 8:00
a.m. in a hallway great Mills high
school striking a 16 year old female
student and a 14 year old male student
st. Mary's County Sheriff Tim Cameron
said during a press conference that's
Health Post reporting that you see the
map on where that happened and obviously
a lot of people concerned there was a
lockdown of the school the parents are
were rightfully terrified at what might
have happened to their kids it now looks
like based on the latest reporting as we
go live here that the female who was
shot might have had a relationship with
the shooter who was also a student so
that was HuffPost now let's go to the
New York Times the shooting suspect
Austin white Rollins
Wyatt Rollins 17 was confirmed dead at
1041 a.m. said sheriff Timothy Cameron
adding that it was not immediately clear
whether or not a round fired by the
officer struck the suspect so a couple
of things here one we try to not give
the name of the suspect after the first
day but on the first day we think it's
important for you to know who was and in
this case the relevant part is that he
went to that same school so it's a
another student and and in this case a
security guard was the one who fired the
shot and whether it's teachers or
security guards they are put in this
terrible position where they're gonna
have to shoot the students but in this
case it was appears to be definitely the
right decision and the security guard
actually responded in under a minute
apparently excellent response time they
are not sure and I watched the press
conference with the sheriff whether it
was in fact the security officer who
shot the suspect or if the suspects
wounds were self-inflicted
so but either way the security officer
did
Jim did fire at him and either shot him
and killed him or scared him enough or
brought him to the end of his rope
enough that he killed himself we'll find
out more about that I'm sure have much
more details in the next 24 hours so I
want to give you more context here
sheriff Cameron said the officer deputy
first class
Blaine Gasko was not injured in the
shooting he said a 14 year old male
student who was also shot was
transported to a hospital in stable
condition and a female student was
transported to a Shock Trauma facility
where she was in critical condition and
it appears that she is far worse hurt
and she was the intended target of the
shooting so our hearts go out to her and
we hope she's okay obviously as well as
the male student who appears to have a
shot at some point in the shootout and
one more from sheriff Cameron he said
the notion of it can't happen here is no
longer a notion unfortunately this is
exactly what we've been telling you guys
all along in the young turks I don't
know why anybody's got it in their head
that it can't happen in their neck of
the woods of course they can and it's
America and there's 250 million guns it
almost certainly will happen either
somewhere near you or a place near
someone you know a family member a
friend etc because they're everywhere
there's one mass shooting per day on
average how could it not affect you it's
just a matter of you know massacre
lottery that we're all involved in here
with in America and and of course when
the massacres happen at the schools is
far more heartbreaking and so if you're
still under this crazy assumption or
notion that it couldn't happen near you
but that's not remotely true it
definitely can happen near you and
probably will so unless we put an end to
the massacres in the first place round
and round they go
so which then leads us to the victims of
the last massacre and that was in
Parkland of course in Florida and a lot
of those students have been speaking out
and they continue to speak out today
when they saw the shooting
another school one of the more famous
one of the students at this point having
deliver some dramatic speeches both on
television and that rallies emma
gonzales tweeted in we are here for you
students of great mills together we can
stop this from ever happening again that
is a good and hopeful thought from
amigaos alice some of the other students
from florida were a little bit more
upset and I think rightfully so
sarah chadwick writes in we are begging
for our lives and politicians continue
to ignore us this is on their hands this
is what happens when we beg for common
sense gun laws and you don't listen and
then in all caps do something instead of
just sitting in your fancy chairs to
which I say here here more from the
Parkland students Jacqueline Koren
writes in less than a week ago
great Mills high school students walked
out with us to protest gun violence now
they're experiencing it for themselves
the state of our country's disgusting
I'm so sorry great mills by the way
right now the NRA has an ad out
attacking the parkland Florida students
is there really classy that's what you
want to do you want to attack students
who suffer through that massacre so as
they are running the ad against the
other students who were almost murdered
and saw their friends getting murdered
there is another school shooting where
again students are shot and friends are
worried about someone passing away
luckily so far both of the victims have
not passed away in Maryland obviously we
will keep tabs on that now final tweet
from you guys from and yet another
parkland student Sophie Whitney writes
in each day it becomes more evident that
we need change we won't stop fighting
this won't be the norm
it can't be great Mills High School on
Saturday and every day we stand with you
hashtag March for our lives so
referencing it March that's gonna happen
on Saturday look I like that one
particularly because it says this cannot
be the norm and I think that's the right
message we can't get used to the
massacres we can't get used to the
school shootings if we do what
we become we're just sitting here
waiting for it to be our kids next we're
supposed to live in a democracy and I
keep telling you guys ninety-three
percent of Americans want federal
background checks over 70% of NRA
members want federal background checks
these are really easy sensible gun
control issues they're not hard they're
not on the edges even banning assault
weapons enormous popularity in the
country overall overall and even with
gun owners but not with gun
manufacturers and they fight it tooth
and nail including doing smears against
the students who were the victims so
we've got to regain our democracy and
not let this become something we get
used to but unfortunately for today
another day in America and another
school shooting if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
