we have yet another set of bombings in
Texas just before we can tell you about
the bombing that happened in Austin
again that was the fourth bomb there's
now a fifth bomb and that went off
outside of San Antonio but it was also
directed towards Austin so I'm gonna
show you a map in a little bit to show
you where all these bombings have
happened but first let me tell you about
what happened yesterday or the day
before before I get to what happened
yesterday / early this morning so this
is Talking Points Memo reporting fear
escalated across Austin on Monday after
the fourth bombing this month this time
a blast that was triggered by a tripwire
and demonstrated what police said was a
quote a higher level of sophistication
than the package bombs used in previous
attacks who were the people who were
hurt two men in their 20s were wounded
Sunday night as they walked along the
street and were hospitalized in stable
condition that's largely good news
because they were not killed it could
have been far worse again highly skilled
a highly sophisticated bomb in that case
it's not clear whether they stepped on
it or they rode their bicycles over it
but it's obviously terrible they're
wounded but luckily they're not killed
the 22 and 23 year old men injured this
time are white unlike the victims in the
earlier blasts who were black or
Hispanic now the reason to point that
out is because police thought it might
be a hate crime because the first three
bombs targeted only minorities now in
this case it was a tripwire the fourth
bomb and and so anyone could have gone
across it why people weren't necessarily
targeted but certainly neither were
minorities so now the motive becomes
even less clear and and by the way
earlier it was just as we reported to
you guys just an idea that that the
police had they had not made any
conclusions yet so now unfortunately
there is now a fifth bomb so let's go to
the New York Times to explain that the
sender of an explosives Laden package
that detonated the FedEx facility in
Schertz Texas overnight also shipped in
a second suspicious package officials at
the company confirmed on Tuesday
suggesting that the wave of bomb
that has unnerved Austin since the
beginning of the month has now reached
the suburbs of San Antonio now it was
not directed at San Antonio though and
that is important as they're about to
explain authorities believe that both
packages were dispatched from the Austin
area and were intended for delivery to
addresses in Austin where for recent
explosions have killed two people and
injured four others so there you have
the map of where all the different
bombings have happened and the times
that they have happened March 2nd it was
weird that there was a bomb and that was
interesting news news March 12th there's
two sets of bombs at that point these
are all targeted towards minorities in
an area that is largely white of course
there's plenty of minorities there as
well but as a matter of percentages so
that's what got the police interest and
thought it might be a hate crime March
18th appears to hit random people
because it's based on a tripwire left on
the streets March 20th the Senate to
FedEx to send it to addresses now
authorities are hoping that they could
find fingerprints and more evidence
based on the boxes that were sent one
explodes of the fedex plant the other
one does not
and the authorities go and and and grab
that box in our of course analyzing it
and luckily no one was hurt in the FedEx
explosion someone's ears were hurt a
little bit but no one got hit with a
blast which is great news now what is
the state of the investigation more from
the New York Times more than 500 police
and law enforcement agents are working
on the case which congressman Michael
McCaul said on Tuesday was quote
probably the biggest investigation since
the Boston bombings Wow
and so a little bit more context the
four bombings in Austin the first on
March 2nd the most recent on Sunday have
killed two people and injured several
others those explosives were left in
locations where people were likely to
accidentally detonate them none were
delivered by a commercial service like
FedEx but this is the first time they've
tried FedEx and and hence the explosion
inside that plan and one more time I
want to show you the map to give you a
sense of how concentrated
says and authorities have offered a huge
reward for anyone who could lead to them
finding the suspect and convicting him I
believe is about a hundred and fifteen
thousand dollars right now and an FBI
San Antonio spokeswoman Michelle Lee
says we suspect that this latest bombing
is related to our investigation so they
have not again made conclusive findings
that the last bomb the fifth bomb is
also part of the same serial bomber and
they have now declared it to be a serial
bomber but very likely so and you see
the FBI statement there so until we find
out the motives of the person involved
or the people involved very hard to know
why they're doing it and and hopefully
figure out how we can stop the next set
of bombings and that's why you want to
look into motives for the moment being
if you're anywhere near Austin be
incredibly careful especially of
unmarked boxes and especially if you see
wires hanging out from those boxes
obviously a very unnerving time in
Austin Texas and now a little bit
broader in the state as well but the
authorities look like they have put
significant manpower behind we hope that
that we can find the suspect really
really soon if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now TYT Network comm /join get the
whole young turks out every day
