that video that we made about you is
that the first time you saw the Young
Turks sir had you seen it before no I
had seen it many times before I've seen
a lot of stuff that you've done I'm it's
probably not the nicest thing to say but
I wouldn't say I'm a regular viewer but
then I'm not a regular viewer of just
about anybody I try to go all over the
place you know I watch Ben Shapiro and
nod my head sometimes and pull my hair
out sometimes and I'll do the same thing
with you and let's try to jump all over
the place what I like about your show is
that you're very upfront about the fact
that all right here's the news these are
the things that happened and this is my
opinion about it this is my commentary
and you tend to do a really good job of
not letting those two things bleep
together and I really respect that Ken
bone you are America so I America's
obesity epidemic okay well you and me
both too on that brother so I can tell
with listening to both the right and the
left we you've done more hair pulling
than Ben then nodding but uh but I love
that you try out both and that's very
Ken Bonin of you to do that and there be
open-minded and try both sides so and
that's what that's what I said in that
video another videos about you which is
that I like that there's a guy who still
has a certain I don't want to say
innocence I think that was overplayed in
regards to you but an open mind and and
that is willing to hear people out yeah
and and is Nash is enough skeptical as
you explained earlier about Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump and the
politicians but but it's still willing
to to hear things out
