so let's address the elephant in the
room by the inequality townhall and I
mean let's keep it real okay you do I
think I do
okay no I I'm not sure you do okay so
let's have fun find out okay Bernie
Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are in the
same room okay that's actual unity and
they are alleged to that's not what you
thought that's okay I know in the
postgame I will talk about what I
thought you're about to say okay tea
white tea network.com slash join so I
get that postgame so seriously those are
two giant presidential contenders
arguably the top two and they chose to
do a town hall together anyway that's
great that's phenomenal and I think a
lot of standard politicians would have
been like
and by the way more credit in this case
I don't know man they both deserve
amazing credit I was gonna say more
credit Elizabeth Warren because she's
willing to go to Bernie Sanders town
hall event yeah which I think a lot of
other politicians like no if I don't get
top billing there's no way I'm gonna go
oh I know but that's how that's 98% of
them right and so great credit to her
for showing up great credit to Bernie
Sanders for inviting what other people
considered to be other top contender for
the presidential race that's true yes so
great job by them in is showing real
unity for progressives not the fake
unity where we just bow our heads to the
establishment and it was bold and
courageous on on both of their parts and
another thing is I know that the
production values are not great they're
they're holding it in a government
building it's Bernie staff that I
believe in the congressional staff
that's putting it together right it's
hard
yeah and it's super hard and they're not
in the TV business they're not in media
business overall sometimes it'll take
the wrong cameras the some of the tape
is a little ruffle etc but you know what
that item in my mind even more credit to
them because a lot of politicians will
not show up to something unless there's
a ton of gloss and a ton of polish and
everything look
perfect birdie and and Elizabeth Warren
they're like I don't care let's just go
in a room okay
let's talk about the issues let's give
people both the stats and the real human
beings that it affects I show it to them
they never get to see it they brought an
expert to talk about in the devastation
in rural Alabama
yeah and how the UN had to come in and
and say we've never seen this in a
developed country and these people need
to be helped and talked about how open
sewage is next to their schools a set of
those are uncomfortable topics but they
had those uncomfortable conversations in
a relatively plain room as they did with
the same thing for the medicare-for-all
town hall it was just bold and
courageous and different and eye-opening
in so many different ways so I really
respected both of them for doing that
yeah totally on the the Bernie Sanders
and Elizabeth Warren it is interesting I
mean as of right now Liz before Anna's
saying that she's not running for
president Bernie Sanders isn't really
talking about it but he's got a book
coming out the day after the election so
you can do the math on that one but if
they do both run it is gonna be
interesting to see how they run against
each other since you know based on their
policies they appeal to a lot of the
same sort of people at least it seems
like they would but and they they have a
long history of working together a very
cordial sort of relationship and so that
that will be interesting I hope that I
hope that that works without either of
them needing to sort of attack the other
because I kind of don't want to see that
it's like seeing like your parents
attacked each other yeah which I also to
go through growing up and then the other
thing as so the production value and all
that like it's it's gonna be watching
the Internet I think people are more
understanding of that now I don't think
they care about that I think they care
about the substance which is good I
tweeted during the program that CNN
surprisingly had a headline bar in the
front page of their website saying click
here to watch this town hall with Bernie
Sanders and all that and you could watch
it right on there their thing I thought
that's great and Town Hall tunnel CNN
has done town halls with Bernie Sanders
but they've been like with Rick Santorum
debating single-payer health care or
something like that which is good that
is something I'm glad they were doing
that I hope that they continue doing
that but there is no reason that CNN
couldn't have hosted this town hall with
the exact same panel it would have
gotten tons of yours it would have
looked
better in the end it doesn't really
matter but CNN I think is missing like
all of them are they're missing real
opportunities to do something different
than what they're doing now and we know
better than perhaps anyone what is
likely to happen to those channels in
the next 5-10 years and they don't seem
to see it coming they think oh well if
we just poof up wolf Blitzer's hair a
bit more and if we throw a couple more
LCD screens then we're gonna be fine the
kids will start watching but I don't
think that's the case I think that
people want to see things like this and
they're really missing an opportunity to
do it yeah so I finally look it
obviously then being in the same room
leads to one other piece of conjecture
which is maybe they don't run against
each other
maybe they run together okay
and so that's one possibility but the
other possibility by the way there is an
idea that I've championed and then I
think a lot of people that I've talked
to behind the scenes that seem to think
is maybe not such a bad idea which is a
shadow cabinet so imagine if Bernie is
running I knows with Warren really is
not running which she said she's not she
says but all policies have to say that
and I'm not saying that derisively they
she's running for Senate in
Massachusetts it's bad form yeah to tell
people you're gonna run for president
etcetera right in even Bernie's not
saying that he's running for president
right now even though let's keep it real
right yeah so so so I'm not blaming her
for that at all I'm saying even if so
let's assume she's not running could you
imagine if Bernie said if I win she's a
Treasury secretary yeah
okay as a progressive I love that oh we
can go down the line exactly here's my
Attorney General may be looking filly
somewhere maybe we find somebody maybe I
got a name crasner yeah that would be a
great idea yeah and and look I asked Al
Gore on this show he said no but that's
just the first volley wait said no to I
said what if somebody were to offer you
Secretary of State to be the anti
Tillerson to to bring back Paris and
then some head of the EPA Al Gore I'll
take secretary state secretaries okay
that's fine
and we actually fight climate change
imagine these progressive all-stars
with no apologies oh but what will
FoxNews say and wait I can't wait for
what they're gonna say and every time
they attack these people
oh but Elizabeth Warren will take it on
the big banks too much come and get some
right
they will accidentally be doing us a
favor by publicizing those things that's
true so I don't want to get
over-exuberant here
but but I think that seeing them in the
same room fighting on the same issue
fighting together on that was great and
I hope and I don't know I have no inside
information but I hope perhaps a sign of
things to come you just watch the video
by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
