good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
president Trump's war on the FBI
escalated dangerously over the weekend
and we are now in territory that is both
familiar and frightening ly new familiar
in the obvious parallels to President
Nixon a president I knew and who are new
to be obsessed with both power and with
any enemies who might challenge that
power but with the firing of FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe President Trump
has distinguished himself uniquely among
American presidents because while Nixon
subverted the Constitution and waged war
with our institutions he typically did
so under cover of darkness
literally when the Republican Party
burglarized the Democratic officers at
the Watergate Hotel Nixon pursued his
nefarious ends covertly hidden wiretaps
secret orders dirty tricks including
illegal campaign tricks ironically Nixon
respected or at least feared America's
institutions enough to try to circumvent
them rather than challenge their very
existence here is where President Trump
forces us to confront something new
something to be feared it's too early to
judge the assessments made in McCabe by
the FBI's internal watchdogs we don't
know whether he told the truth or not
under oath but however that turns out
it's never too early to defend due
process and that is now under blatant
attack by President Trump yes he
indulges in Nixonian
tactics secret meetings and aides
covering up the truth just tonight a new
report identifies Cambridge analytical
which consulted on the Trump campaign as
using bribes and sexual favors in
political
pains abroad what is new is that
President Trump is also bold enough or
conceited enough to carry out much of
his assault on our traditions and
institutions right out in public view
online in all caps for everyone to see
President Trump is carrying out a
personal crusade against McCabe a
vendetta on Muller and full-out war on
the FBI in the open when you consider
the FBI like all law enforcement does in
fact routinely feed information to the
press half the bureau may feel today
like their gut crosshairs on their back
and that's exactly the point
whether President Trump is doing this
strategically are just acting on impulse
either way it has the effect of
signaling to any individual who stands
up at the spear tip of America's checks
and balances that President Trump will
not respect the institutions that once
might have shielded them will not honor
the due process our traditions once
assured them and will not hesitate to
come after them personally their
families their spouses their financial
well-being Americans will get their say
at the ballot box but that's eight
months away in the meantime we are
called to use fear of the ballot box as
our weapon and our shield today right
now we've seen many Democrats say cast
and they're calling for investigations
to protect our institutions and we
should give the few Republicans who have
joined them some credit credit they can
redeem after we see how said fast they
stand or how fast they fall when the
waters get choppy where mr. Trump
closely most closely resembles Nixon is
in his desire to end the investigation
his personal lawyer is pushing for that
now of course Richard Nixon gave up the
office rather
than see the investigation reaches end
he denied us even that but Donald Trump
shows no inclination of departing the
office and there is at present only a
slender legal case for his impeachment
which means for now that he will stay
which means right now we the people have
a fight on our hands our role in this
fight is not to sit idly by until
November but to tell any and all who
have sworn to uphold the Constitution of
the United States that we are watching
now and expect them to honor their vows
and will mobilize for November based on
what we see not to get mr. Trump because
it's hardly clear the Oval Office would
be in better hands if Trump were to
leave the point of this battle is also
not to defend McCabe Muller or the FBI
but to defend due process itself to
defend the institution's charged with
making the process work as a check and
balance on power for them for us and for
mr. Trump too after all if he's innocent
due process is his only path to
exoneration and if if he's guilty the
upside to mr. Trump's refusal to leave
is that to process is coming for him too
and as long as we hold steady as long as
we will serve as a spear tip of our
checks and balances this time in time
we'll get the truth now I want to share
an exclusive report on the truth about
one of America's biggest gun makers and
I'll tell you about it right after this
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
where the time where it's you cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history we have an exclusive report to
share about one of America's biggest gun
makers an exclusive report that could
mean trouble for the industry it comes
of course just days ahead of the
national March for our lives that March
will be led by survivors of the Parkland
school shooting and they will be joined
by some of the world's biggest stars or
at least that's what my grandkids tell
me just kidding
I'm very interested in this take it
seriously
and recommend that every American do so
and it's not just one March kids around
the country are organizing their own
bringing parents getting friends
involved the goal to organize and
galvanize a national movement aimed at
dragging our politicians toward doing
something about guns not only edges not
just background checks and mental health
scapegoating but something more
something really substantial and
meaningful to battle our deadly virus of
violence that's the political side but
activists are also looking at the
corporate side figuring out how to
financially kneecap corporate gun makers
that spread fear and sell guns as a
macho remedy for it every gun maker that
sells shares of its stock to the public
is required by law to warn investors
about the most significant risks
involved with investing in them but
corporate documents we've looked at
suggest that some of the biggest gun
makers are leaving out some very real
risks that gun companies pose for
investors risks that gun companies have
every reason to avoid technology this
issue arose when one of the world's
biggest hedge funds black
Kwok asked the gun companies in
investing about the risks involved in
making a product intended to kill things
including people Blackrock is the
biggest investor in the gun company
Ruger which made the rifle that killed
26 people at a Texas church last year
Ruger CEO Chris killer is a strong
supporter of the NRA having pumped more
than a million dollars into the group
for all of us it's important to give
back to the industry we work in but in
particular you know just as Americans to
protect our freedoms it's so important
to get the word out and get the
membership dollars and the membership
base energized in this fight to protect
our freedoms in a letter last week
responding to Blackrock killer wrote
that quote any risks involved with
investing in Ruger are listed in their
filings with the SEC which oversees the
buying and selling of stocks so we
looked at Ruger's SEC filings and we
found two possible investment risks that
Ruger has to know about but does not
warn investors about you may not realize
it but you might also know both of them
the first one is politics for years
Ruger has warned investigated that vest
errs that if politicians impose new
regulations that will hurt their profits
warnings like that actually helped drive
profits up under President Obama as the
NRA which ruber supports told Americans
to buy guns now while they still could
but Ruger never warned investors of the
risk if pro-gun politicians win at the
polls and we know Ruger has been aware
of that risk in rugers 2016 annual
report they said that year's political
campaigns drove strong sales and last
month
Ruger CEO killer explicitly blamed the
end of that campaign for slumping sales
the decrease in
estimated sell-through of the company's
products from the independent
distributors to retailers is
attributable to one decreased overall
consumer demand in 2017 due to stronger
than normal demand during most of 2016
likely bolstered by the political
campaigns for the November 2016 election
but Ruger's latest annual report does
not include those very same factors in
its risk warnings to investors even
though mr. Trump's victory has been
widely acknowledged as by far the single
greatest factor in sending gun sales and
stock prices through the floor Ruger
itself has cut more than 700 jobs since
the pro-gun president took the White
House and the other omission Ruger warns
investors that the company's reputation
or finances could be hurt if its
employees or contractors break the law
or commit some other form of misconduct
but none of its filings warn investors
that the company's reputation or
finances could be hurt if its customers
break the law now it used to be that
shares of gun companies rose in value
after mass shootings but that's not
always the case anymore in the days
after partland Ruger's stock price fell
but in their SEC filings one week later
Ruger did not say a word to investors
about the risk that mass shootings might
start hurting their investment
we spoke with andy green former counsel
at the SEC who told us and I quote this
case highlights how major companies are
facing significant risks from failing to
fully incorporate environmental social
and governance factors into their
decision-making and disclosure corporate
management needs to catch up or else
they may well see those investors or the
SEC in court in quote a message we left
for Ruger requesting comment
was not returned now who really killed
America's biggest toy chain tell you
about it in a moment
I was a young Church special election
day coverage
an amazing power modes are about power
like a smart Destiny's Child we're all
too strong we've done a revolution
that's another one aren't you excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount a harry potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what ran me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota crazier than
bombing Yemen crazier than bombing Syria
so much they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts HBO journalists and they Jew
you
ten years after the last financial
meltdown in 2008 and 2009 the House of
Representatives is about to take up a
Senate bill that will make it easier to
blow the economy up again that's
according to a recent Congressional
Budget Office report on the bill which
was sponsored by Republican Mike Crapo
but passed the Senate last week
sixty-seven to 31 with the help of 16
Democrats Democratic leader Chuck
Schumer voted against it but reportedly
said it was okay for Democratic senators
in close races to cross the aisle and
vote with the Republicans on it banks
with assets of up to a quarter trillion
dollars will have fewer T's to cross and
eyes to dot to prove they're not too big
to fail these new rules for what are
called quote smaller banks will affect
at least 25 of the biggest banks in the
country and as we previously reported to
you the Crapo bill will also reduce data
reporting tied to racial discrimination
that will make it harder to find the
patterns that can reveal discriminatory
lending but one of those 25 big banks
has special reason to be interested in
that data on race back in 2015
M&T bank purchased a smaller bank called
Hudson City that sale had been held up
for years in part because hudson city
was under investigation for racial
discrimination hudson city it turned out
opened more new branches in white
neighborhoods around new york city than
it did anywhere else only after M&T
signed up on Hudson said he's settling
the charges for 33 million dollars did
regulators sign off on the purchase if
this Crapo bill passes M&T won't have to
worry as much about that kind of thing
so M&T hired a lobbying firm to push for
the bill
and as the young turks reported last
week three of the lobbyists who went to
the Senate on amenties behalf were
former staffers of the Senate Banking
Committee now chaired by Mike Crapo the
Crapo bill faces opposition in the House
from Republicans who think it doesn't do
enough for the bank's Senate Democrats
held a lion against adding more favors
for the banks if the house puts those
favors in their bill it'll go back to
the Senate again and we'll find out just
where each of those 16 Democrats draws
the line if the bill finally becomes law
which seems likely and some repeat a
worse of 2008 and 9 results don't say
you weren't warned so here's what they
didn't tell you about the toys-r-us
closings and how it ties back to
President Trump when America's largest
retail toy store announced last week
that it would close its Us locations
everyone blamed Amazon and Walmart they
told us toys worse didn't invest in
making its stores fun or competing
online and that's true but why didn't
they after all
last year Toys R Us made more than 350
million dollars but reported a loss of
29 million so where did all go to
understand that you have to go back 13
years when Toys R Us was bought by a
group of three companies buying Toys R
Us costs 6.6 billion dollars but those
three companies only put up 1.3 billion
they borrowed the rest and then they
handed those IOUs to Toys R Us in other
words they borrowed more than 5 billion
dollars to buy toys r us and then told
Toys R Us to pay off the debt the store
has been trying to do so ever since Toys
R Us
been paying 400 million dollars every
year on those debts more than it can
invest in its stores or its website
without that 400 million every year Toys
R Us would have been in the black last
year and you should know that the three
companies has set this all up were Bain
Capital Vornado Realty and the
investment firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts
otherwise known as KKR to be clear none
of this is mr. Trump's fault but when
you hear him talk about creating jobs
and keeping stores open you should know
that the people around President Trump
are very much the people making jobs and
stores go away the most famous of them
is a co-founder of Bain Capital former
Republican presidential candidate Mitt
Romney whom President Trump has recently
endorsed for Senate in Utah if poor NATO
Realty is actually a business partner
President Trump it's billionaire CEO is
Steven Roth a Trump advisor who has
teamed up for decades on real estate
deals with Trump and then there is mr.
Henry Kravitz the billionaire ahead of
KKR Henry Kravis isn't just a fan of
President Trump he gave a million
dollars to the Trump inauguration more
importantly President Trump wanted to
nominate the man who saddled Toys R Us
with crushing debt mr. Kravitz to serve
as America's Treasury secretary folks
it's not just Toys R Us and it's not
just Trump Republicans and Democrats
alike have rewritten the rules of our
economy so that now 40% of every
retailer that goes under is owned in
part by private equity firms like the
ones that own Toys R Us
by putting the price of losing on us we
have freed up a handful of investor
billionaires to gamble in our economy
playing with our lives in the process at
Toys R Us alone it'll mean more than 800
stores closing 33,000 jobs gone at a
company that's making money so the real
problem isn't Toys R Us the problem is
that in the new economy
we are toys now I want to share my
thoughts on what's been happening down
on Austin Texas right after first please
these messages
hey Dave as you can probably see Skype
froze frozen crash you know I was
watching I'm launching that documentary
on the Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing a live
TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese Hut's and it didn't crash and
that was 1965 and who's in Vietnam look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's you cannot
in
sit on the sidelines of history
this has been very much on my mind
police in Austin Texas say whoever
planted and sent bombs that have killed
two people and wounded four more wanted
quote to send a message well I want to
send a message to you picked the wrong
town the first three bombs were sent to
homes of people of color claiming black
and Latino casualties
this weekend's mom injured two white men
but it was random triggered by a trip
wire not sent to anyone's home so police
say they were investigating whether race
or ethnicity is part of the motive I've
had a home in and around Austin for 25
years so I can tell you if these bombs
are meant to sharpen lines between
people based on color or their a Herald
of white supremacy well as I say you've
come to the wrong town
it's not about toughness though Austin
surely has that it's about young people
it's about Austin and cities like it
leaning the way toward an American and
future that cannot and will not be
denied a future in which inclusion not
just tolerance but inclusion is embraced
the road there is neither smooth nor
straight but whoever you're trying to
scare and for whatever reason our young
people are tired of being told to be
afraid of each other I see it in Austin
all the time that's why they're leading
us the young people away from division
and fear and toward an American future
where such horrible acts have no logic
because there's no fear to trigger no
pointless hate to reignite so give
yourself up the battle is over you lost
and Austin's moving on without you and
finally tonight a closing thought
one of the things we try to do in this
program is provide at least some context
and perspective on the news especially
some historical context when appropriate
with that in mind consider the following
spoken this week by one of the nation's
leading historians quote it is likely
that what we are going through now is
going to be seen in the future as a
landmark period similar to 1968 we'll be
looking back and seeing it as the sea
change in American political culture
unquote the speaker was Don Carlton of
the University of Texas I think he's
right
1968 was a milestone decade and there
are some similarities between the
political climate of then and now in
1968 the nation was deeply divided over
race war trust and leadership and rapid
changes in culture and mores and some
political leaders Richard Nixon and
George Wallace among them were trying to
exploit those divisions for their own
personal and partisan political gain now
in 2018 there are clearly echoes
reminders of that past different time
different country in many ways but the
similarities are there for all to hear
see and ponder it took a while but the
nation recovered from the tumult and
turmoil of 1968 will it do so again once
2018 passes this is not assured the arc
of history rises and dips in relation to
each new generation what lessons have
they learned from the past what action
will they take in the present what
response will they have to the
challenges of the future it's my
greatest hope that the answers to these
questions guide us out of this sea
change to calmer waters and to a time of
peace and prosperity
with that I leave you for this new cycle
The Young Turks is next and market at
7:30 Eastern stay tuned for the Bernie
Sanders townhall inequality in America
that'll be at tea white tea network.com
slash live and we'll be back with the
news at this same place in time 5:30
Eastern every Monday until then dan
Rather reporting stay stacking
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us
