we live in the richest country in the
history of the world for the last 40
years the American middle class has been
disappearing how does it happen that we
have to end up 30 50 80 thousand dollars
in debt for the crime of trying to get a
decent education please join us on
Monday night March 19th
7 p.m. for a unique town-hall meeting on
the decline of the American middle class
and the rise of oligarchy all right so
we're getting the burn dad you have not
seen a town meeting like this before
Lizzie Warren and Mikey Moore all
together for a town hall to discuss
income inequality and how it drastically
affects us Millennials it's like the DC
equivalent of the Avengers sent by the
middle class to grab Wall Street buy
their overpriced suits and shake the
shade right out of them no wonder the
kids are going crazy but aside from that
a topic they are uniting to discuss is
painfully important especially if like
the average millennial you graduated
with $30,000 in student loan debt in a
time where job opportunities are scarce
Generation Y generation debt yet people
still find a way to blame you for the
decline of the diamond industry while
you look at buying shrimp as a high risk
investment you'll want to pay attention
to this town hall because income
inequality screws Millennials by now
you've probably heard Bernie talk about
how the 1% in America owns more wealth
than the 99% also break it down even
more sickeningly the three richest
Americans have the same amount of wealth
as the poorest half of the US population
and believe it or not they're only
getting richer from those tax cuts that
was supposed to help out the everyday
American you know everyday Americans
like good old working-class Paul Ryan
he's not billionaire but if you've
reaped the benefits of this tax cut
knows every chance we all will right oh
that's right we all don't have the Koch
brothers wiring us $500,000 in campaign
contributions days after passing a 1.5
trillion dollar tax bill that takes from
the working-class people to give to the
super-rich silly me
but as Millennials we walk into this
unforgiving market with a burden of debt
we graduated from college in the worst
job market in a generation
there were very few open jobs in the
competition for these few jobs were so
intense that people took what they could
in order to avoid drowning in the
student loans
speaking of which according to a credit
Swiss report members of the class of
Oh on average thirty five thousand
dollars that's more than twice what
their counterparts old twenty years ago
you know they same people who shame you
for spending the extra five dollars you
have left in your paycheck on avocado
toast instead of buying a house because
it's really one or the other right and
this trend will continue to worsen for
generations to come because while the
lucky buggers going to college now faced
tuition increases of less than 2% year
over year a much lower percentage
compared to the 2009 ten year when
private nonprofit 4-year institutions
raised tuition and fees by 5.9 percent
some of the largest tuition increases
ever the tuition rates are still growing
now but financial aid is also plummeting
but if you thought going to college was
the most expensive part you're sadly
mistaken research suggests that the
average millennial makes around $30,000
a year while one-quarter of Millennials
live on just $18,000 a year which means
that the average person under 30 had
less income than average person aged 65
to 79 meaning that in the u.s. under 30s
are now poorer than retired people this
has never happened before in America and
while this may have gone underreported
the repercussions of such struggles
having as we get blamed for just about
everything going south in the economy
but how is this a surprise how can you
expect young people to contribute to the
retail industry or the housing market
when the average person makes barely
enough to maintain all of it in a system
that is programmed to make the wealthy
wealthier a system that continues to
work for the top 1% as demonstrated in a
vastly underreported story the Senate
passed a bill deregulated certain banks
that had come under greater federal
scrutiny since the crash in 2008 and
this is why this upcoming town hall is
so important while most Americans can
tell you everything I'm doing wrong and
all the things that we are investing in
as Millennials they can't tell you why
that is why Bernie Sanders resonated so
much with young people because he did
not consider our cries for help about
lower tuition student loan relief in
Bethel job opportunities it's just
whining from those entitled good from
nothing millennial crybabies we can't
sit idly by and watch the wealth gap
continue to grow so please tune in to
the town hall this Monday you can watch
it at facebook.com slash the Young Turks
and I will be live-streaming it on my
page then afterwards you can go to tea
white tea network.com /join to watch the
post townhall coverage and please
encourage your friends and your families
to tune in as well be part of the
conversation and engage follow me on
instagram at Frances max1 on Twitter
also at Frances and Mac so like and
share this video continue to resist
