a Democrat has stepped up in Maine to
challenge a Republican candidate for a
state House seat now the reason why this
particular race is catching headlines is
because Leslie Gibson the Republican
candidate recently was criticized for
some of the statements he made on
Twitter in regard to the survivors of
the mass shooting that took place in
parkland Florida now what he said
infuriated one woman so much that she
decided to challenge him because she
realized that he was running unopposed
her name is Erin Gilchrist and there she
is she's the Democratic candidate and
she met the Thursday filing deadline to
place her name on the ballot against
Leslie Gibson who until then had been
running unopposed
Gibson put himself in the spotlight
earlier this month by verbally attacking
the two Marjory Stoneman Douglas high
school students on Twitter and the two
that were referring to are emma gonzalez
and david hog so here's what he had to
say about Emma Gonzalez and it was
disgusting again this was on Twitter he
wrote there is nothing about this
skinhead lesbian that impresses me and
there is nothing that she has to say
unless you're a frothing at the mouth
Putin moon bat now I want to share a
video it's a montage of Emma Gonzalez so
you can kind of get a sense of why the
right-wing hates her so much and why I
absolutely love her take a look what do
you think about this idea of arming
teachers it's stupid
why first of all they have Douglass ran
out of paper for like two weeks in the
school year and now all of a sudden they
have four hundred million dollars to pay
for teachers to get trained to arm
themselves really really I want you to
know that we will support your two
children in the way that we will not you
will not do you keep it in a lock box or
do you carry it on your person if the
teacher dies and a student who's a good
student is able to get the gun are they
now held responsible to shoot the
student who's coming to the door I think
I'm gonna
if the question is actually do you
believe it should be harder to obtain
these semi-automatic weapons and
modifications to make them fully
automatic such as bump stops I mean
first of all Emma for president but also
can I move to Maine fit fast enough to
vote for Aaron Gilchrist like how long
how a much I think Aaron actually is a
good chance of winning I'll tell you why
one Maine has public financing so
anybody's got a shot right great so in
the private financing of Elections
secondly the number one problem the
local candidates have is no media
attention so the person with more money
usually wins because they have a bigger
megaphone and the media doesn't cover
the local races so here in her case
problem solved everybody that small
local racing in Maine so I think Aaron's
got a perfectly good shot of winning
that race which is great how great would
it be if a citizen who's twenty eight
years old got motivated to action and
she says she had no interest in politics
before but saw that he was running
unopposed was like we can't let this
stand and and got in the race I'm
telling you I think she is a I can't
wait for election night when I tell you
hey remember that story of a guy who
called Emma Gonzales the skin a lesbian
well that's the former representative
from Maine
I that would be fantastic and I want to
know something that I just realized as
we're doing this story we try really
hard to not say the names of the
shooters after the first day or first
couple of days of coverage and I think
that we've done a pretty decent job at
it not perfect and I think the media is
now heading in that direction overall
which I'm thrilled about we've been
talking about it for a decade on the
show but for the first time we have
victims names that are much more
recognizable in the shooters names so
Emma Gonzalez and David hog and some of
the other students are now really well
known which is amazing and in fact what
triggered if you will this republican to
attack Azaz was that Gonzalez's twitter
handle had more followers than the NR
and that's was a news story that that
made him a special little snowflake and
he needed a safe space from so that's
why it was more than my beloved NRA
because conservatives are so obsessed
with like Twitter following Trump and
these guys you know this is a little bit
of a tangent but I had to bring it up
because someone made this point on
Facebook and I thought it was such a
fabulous point you know following this
shooting in parkland Florida there were
people on the right that were arguing
that one of the issues is that you know
this kid was bullied you know he was
tortured by the bullying and if people
were just better toward him treated him
better maybe this wouldn't have happened
but remember it's the right wing that
moans about snowflakes non-stop like oh
special little snowflakes oh do we have
to worry Matt your feelings so I mean
you can't use that argument when it's
convenient for you and this was not an
issue of a kid being bullied this was an
issue of someone who had no reason to
have any access to a gun being able to
easily and legally purchase one so Anna
this such a great point I hadn't thought
of that
in that way either which is their main
argument is no it's not a gun control
issue because if we just given the bully
a safe space right right or this the
shooter a safe space from bullies they
claim right I think that when you shoot
17 people you're the bully but you know
but in the topsy-turvy conservative
world he was the poor kid if he just had
a safe space he'd have been okay and by
the way the same argument was made when
that that mashed that shooter in Santa
Barbara did what he did and and he had
made videos about how women wouldn't
give him a chance or other female
students wouldn't give him a chance and
there were people on the right that
empathized with him hmm so where's your
snowflake argument now they have
selective empathy they love to trot it
out yeah when it's convenient for them
if you liked this video bless your heart
we got a lot more where that came from
we do a full show every day Monday
through Friday come enjoy ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network com
/join
