what BDS stands for is boycott
divestment sanctions now that nailed it
and it's so people are opposed if you
oppose what's going on in Israel with
how they're treating Palestine a lot of
people say that's an apartheid state we
I say that here and when I say that I'm
just repeating what John Kerry said when
he was Secretary of State that does it's
an apartheid state and it's a lot of
people say Gaza is an open-air prison
right so the only way you can fight back
at that and nine violently is to divest
the same thing they did in South Africa
was it in the 90s that they divested in
the night and so the South Africa was an
apartheid state I remember when I was
growing up everybody wanted you to
divest from don't go to I ain't gonna
play Sun City remember that was a song
so it was about people not giving your
economic activity to South Africa until
they changed their apartheid state so
now people are using that same tactic
against Israel except now Israel's
trying to criminalize that behavior here
in the United States with the help of
United States legislators that are
trying to criminalize that in fact there
was a bill that Senators and Democrats
signed off on that wanted to make it
illegal so the there spend some
successes the ACLU immediately pushed
back on that because what that does is
that it makes the political thoughts
crimes so it because if you didn't buy
from Israel because of your political
feelings about apartheid in Israel that
would be illegal but if you just didn't
buy from Israel and you didn't know
anything about it that's not illegal so
what that does is criminalize thought I
mean it's the right yeah it's exactly
what free speech is about I mean this is
like a basic First Amendment issue a
period so you're not criminalizing the
action they're criminalizing the thought
behind the action so you could not you
don't have to buy stuff from Israel but
if you don't buy stuff from Israel and
you say why that's a crime isn't that
something so straight that's what
they're trying to do so the ACLU this is
from that if from their website
in first judge blocks Kansas law aimed
at boycotts of Israel okay
the law which took effect on July 1st
requires that any person or company that
contracts with the state submit a
written certification that they are
quote not currently engaged in a boycott
of Israel end quote the ACLU is also
currently fighting a case filed in
December against a similar law in
Arizona
the ACLU represents Esther coots who
belongs to the Mennonite Church USA in
accordance with calls for boycott made
by members of her congregation and her
church Koons decided not to buy consumer
products made by Israel companies
Israeli companies and international
companies operating in Israeli
settlements in the occupied Palestinian
territories Koons participates in this
boycott in order to protest the Israeli
government's treatment of Palestinians
and to pressure the country to change
its policies having served as a public
school math teacher for nine years
Koontz now develops her school's math
curriculum and trains teachers on how to
implement it she is also qualified to
train teachers statewide as a contractor
with the Kansas Department of Education
x' math and science partnerships program
so she's qualified to do a lot of things
when Koontz was asked to certify that
she does not participate in a boycott of
Israel she said that she could not sign
the form in good conscience as a result
the state refuses to contract with her
and she is unable to participate as a
trainer in the state's program so now if
she would have signed that but still
went ahead and boycotted Israel with her
money nobody would have been the wiser
and she that's not illegal you don't
have to buy stuff from Israel but if you
publicly state why you're not buying
then that's illegal or that breaks her
contract making that a thoughtcrime
literally again it's not the action it's
the thought behind the action the
lawsuit argues that the Kansas law
violates the First Amendment for several
reasons it compels speech regarding
protected political beliefs associations
and expression restricts the political
expression and Association of government
ders and discriminates against protected
expression based on its content and
viewpoint that all seems pretty cut and
dry to me so straightforward so
straightforward in his opinion the US
District Judge Daniel Crabtree wrote the
Supreme Court has held that the First
Amendment protects the right to
participate in a boycott like the one
punished by the Kansas law so Steve
you're a lawyer you're trained as a
lawyer
it seems really cut and dry so cut and
dried it's like the most basic tenants
of First Amendment principles yeah the
government cannot restrict speech
especially political speech so there's
there's more allowance for restricting
commercial speech so for example you
can't put up you know signage for porn
or strippers in certain areas you can
zone that out right that's the
restriction on speech but that's that's
allowable but for a political speech if
you want to restrict that there has to
be a compelling reason as a very very
high bar here there is no stated reason
right and you know if the government
doesn't allow you to take sighs in a
political discourse that's the that's
the definition of Terran tyranny and the
lack of free speech the First Amendment
the most of important amendment in our
constitution the basic foundations of us
of a civil and free society so I don't
understand how this law could have ever
happened how is it that in Kansas the
Kansas State Legislature felt you know
we got to do we can't have people
boycott Israel begins it this is the key
this is the best thing for Kansas and
Jenson's or Kansas in so I don't know
what what are those tangents yeah the
best thing for people living in Kansas
is to prevent people from Kansas from
boycotting Israel what why talk about
this the long arm of APEC right that's
what that is right Steve that's that's
what that's the Israeli Lobby even
working because I don't know if you know
in Kansas this was the big this is where
the Koch brothers decided to target and
they got rid of all the moderate
Republicans and they got Brownback as
their and now so now we're living in the
big
failed experiment of conservatism in
Kansas right now so that's how that
that's what this Koch brothers money
this is a sec money this is to me this
is not you know this is really we talked
about it as a BDS movement impacting
Israel that's not what this is about
this is really about free speech issues
yeah and lobbying and undue influence by
special interest groups and actually you
know foreign countries you know the
crazy and ironic thing is that money in
politics in this instance money from a
PAC or whoever else funded this law
that's considered free speech yeah
however speaking in protests against
Israel in this instance not free spa
right so it's amazing how money which is
defined in this instance as speech and
free speech and you're an American if
you oppose it is being used to stifle
actual political speech
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
