March typically celebrates women known
as Women's Month
however Tucker Carlson feels like he
needs to take over the month and
represent some of the issues that men
are facing today now it's a multi-part
series that Carlson is focusing on and
in the latest video he discusses the
issue of wages that men earn versus
women I don't want to give too much away
let's take a look at the first video
when well-regarded study released last
year found that when men's wages fell
relative to women's families didn't form
according to the authors of falling male
wage reduced quote the attractiveness of
men as potential spouses thus reducing
fertility and especially marriage rates
researchers also noted a dramatic
increase in out of wedlock births when
men made less in the words of one of the
authors an economics professor at MIT
quote we see a decline in fertility a
decline in marriage but a rise in the
fraction of births that are
disadvantaged as a consequence that kids
are living in pretty tough circumstances
numerous academic studies have reached
the very same conclusion research from
2015 found that quote when a randomly
chosen woman becomes more likely to earn
more than a randomly chosen man marriage
rates decline those who do marry report
being less satisfied and are more likely
to divorce low male wages are a driving
force in family dissolution and that's
why affluent neighborhoods in which men
make more have a higher proportion of
married couples and fewer divorces the
opposite is also true
and that leads to a cascade of social
problems which over time become a
disaster
men who make lower wages marry less and
father more children out of wedlock
these children growing up without
fathers tend to make lower wages
themselves in later life I watched the
full segment which we don't have time to
show you in on our show and you know he
keeps referencing academic research
research from 2015 and he never states
where the research is from who did the
research the only time he referenced
research was a study done by MIT which
actually did have some fascinating
results and we'll talk about that in
just a minute
but he twists
the results of that study to suit his
narrative and no right so he made it
seem as though you know society is
really screwing men over women are
getting paid a lot more now and as a
result it's destroying the you know the
sanctity of marriage and in that same
video that we just showed you he talked
about how men earning less leads to
lower fertility but increases the number
of children born out of wedlock does he
know what fertility is that kind of
contradicts the message whatever message
he's trying to spread okay no but you
know it's funny I'm sure that his
service took away from it what you saw
there and what he intended but as a
progressive as I looked at that I
thought and like okay so you say a men
are making less than women in some cases
and and that's making men feel bad and
and make them seem less attractive to
women so what are we supposed to do
about it knock down women's wages well
why don't men just step up their game I
mean for my whole life conservatives
have gone around saying take personal
responsibility pick yourself up by the
bootstraps now that men in some rare
cases or not even rare in limited cases
certain professions in and etc right are
making less money why don't we throw the
same bootstraps at the guys well I you
just yes you just made a great point and
the MIT study focuses a component of
that focuses on the point that you just
made right now okay because there are
jobs that were typically male-dominated
that are now disappearing because of
automation because of you know
competition from an outsourcing to China
and other countries and so it's a
legitimate concern but there's also the
issue of the types of jobs men are and
are not willing to take and we'll get to
that in a minute but I first want to
toss to the second video let's take a
look what's striking is how little
notice these facts get from our policy
makers their overriding aim is to raise
women's wages to parity or above men's
there's nothing inherently wrong with
that but these are complex questions
with numerous
profound unintended consequences so they
deserve a vigorous public debate it's
notable that most women the very
population on whose behalf these
policies are supposedly devised strongly
prefer to marry men who make more than
they do but what's beyond debate is that
Washington and corporate America aren't
thinking a lot about how to solve the
male wage crisis if anything they're
exacerbating it lawmakers in both
parties for example have heartily
embraced self-driving vehicles and drone
delivery of packages it's all impressive
technology but what would be the effect
on employment has anyone asked that ok
so yeah there there are kernels of truth
to what he's saying there right yeah so
I actually want to break I want to give
him credit for an earlier segment that
he did on the same men's issue in a
second and because some of the stuff
that he says is true then but then he
gives a person Alice's on it that's
twisted right so I let me break down the
the deceptive tactics he used in those
two clips in the earlier clips he talked
about now in the affluent neighborhoods
they stay together more and that's
because the men are making more no wait
wait wait that's not what the study
shows it doesn't show it's because the
men are making more it's because they
have more money hence less strife so a
lot a lot of times couples fight over
limited resources it's the fact that
they the household has more money not
that men have more money than women so
you totally twisted that so secondly in
that case when their second clip he said
now a lot of lawmakers are pushing their
women get the same amount of money or
more than men wait who's pushing for
that I have literally never seen anyone
know and you say no women should make
more than men no one has ever said that
so that that wasn't a mistake that was
an intentional you know a little message
that he snuck in there because the
reality is there is this fear among some
usually on the right wing that that
women are fighting to be more powerful
than men to make more than men when in
reality they want equality and I'm
talking about equality of opportunities
okay no one wants anything handed to
them we just want equality of
opportunities if we are working the same
job then we deserve the same
hey and and you know they will take that
message and twist it to essentially pit
men against women on this issue that
everyone should be behind because guess
what men and women get married they they
you have a dual income household the
more money and the more resources that
households has the more successful that
household will be and so it's just weird
it's a contradiction
after contradiction in his messaging and
at least one more deception that he had
in that second video he said you know
they they say that they want women to
make the same amount of money as men or
more but did you know that women prefer
to marry men who are making more than
them wait those two things are not
logically connected so just because the
women would like to marry someone who
also has money or even more money than
them because then the household would
have more money that doesn't mean that
they would like to make less money
unfairly right that those things are not
logically connected they'd like to be
able to get paid for what they're worth
and get paid at the same rate as men the
and they'd also like that marry someone
who has more money so they could feel
more comfortable which every person does
know but again again there's a
contradiction there right women want to
make more money than men women want to
marry men that make more money than them
what in other words humans like to have
money it makes life a little bit better
but that doesn't mean that women want to
get paid less and that seems to be what
he's implying a woman they want men who
make more money than them so it's okay
if we pay them less all right those
subtle little deceptions so let's get to
the one study that he actually did cite
in making his argument and again there
are kernels of truth in what he is
saying there are certain blue-collar
workers who have lost their jobs in
manufacturing for a variety of reasons
but women are not making significantly
more money than those men did in fact
women typically work in professions that
pay significantly less which is the
reason why men are less likely and less
willing to transition to those
professions let me give you those
details so the two occupations predicted
by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to
decline the most quickly from 2014 to
2024 are
Lokomotiv fires shrinking 70% and
vehicle electronics installers and
repairs down 50%
they are 96% and 98% male of the fastest
growing jobs many are various types of
health aides which are about 90% female
when men take these so called pink
collar jobs they have more job security
and wage growth than in blue-collar work
according to recent research but they
are paid less and feel stigmatized so
the MIT economist that Tucker Carlson
referenced in that piece or in that
segment said the following this is his
quote the jobs being created are very
different than the jobs being eliminated
I'm not worried about whether there will
be jobs I'm very worried about whether
there will be jobs for low educated
adults especially the males who seem
very reluctant to take the new jobs so
here's an example of one man who was
interviewed by the New York Times he
said the following I ain't gonna be a
nurse I don't have the tolerance for
people I don't want it to sound bad but
I've always seen a woman in the position
of a nurse or some kind of health care
worker I see it as more of a woman's
touch so a sociologist who was also
interviewed by The Times said
traditional masculinity is standing in
the way of working-class men's
employment and I think it's a problem so
there is a cultural issue and there's
also an education issue because the very
party that continues to dismantle
education defund education and also give
it a bad name with all sorts of
defamatory statements in regard to
elitism are convincing people to not
pursue their education and remain low
skilled and yes automation is happening
there is nothing we can do to stop that
we're not gonna get rid of technology it
will continue to advance and our only
fight against that is to continue
educating Americans for higher paying
high-skilled jobs so last week he did a
similar segment about men in America it
was like poor men so a lot of people
made fun of it and I did too a little
bit because he was blaming feminists and
that's preposterous
but when I watched the whole segment I
just
not to do a story on it because a lot of
the stuff he was saying was okay it's
just his interpretation was wrong so for
example you pointed out that women are
getting educated at greater rates and
they're going deeper into education
getting more masters more doctorate
degrees more lawyers doctors etc so I
see that same issue and it's real that
that's true and I don't think damn
feminists or oh my god our culture made
men worse or somehow unnaturally
bolstered women I think no women are
doing a good job of getting educated now
what we need to do is to help our
brothers realize that you should
education too you know you could also do
better and we should push men and our
society to be if you will stronger and
and smarter and and I don't mean in
terms of IQ I mean in terms of making
the right decisions I'm also a man so
what we end as progressives you know
what we want we want equality that's it
equality we don't want women to make
more we won't don't want women to be
above men we want women to have the
equality of opportunity that men do but
we also want men to have that same
equality of opportunity so yes men in
America are in some cases falling behind
education retraining these things those
parts are true but the prescription to
that is not to blame feminists and the
culture the prescription is to actually
help men get beyond those problems get
more of an education get more acclimated
to the new economy and hence make more
money so the whole country will be
better off if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now tea why tea network.com slash join
get the whole Yonkers show every day
