the Trump administration is finalizing
their plan to combat the opioid epidemic
and it turns out that there's a little
bit of infighting between the Department
of Justice and Health and Human Services
now they're coming at it from two
different approaches which is why the
legislation that's being proposed by the
Trump administration has some relatively
good components but some pretty bad
proposals as well now to be sure the
legislation is not finalized nothing has
been released yet
however Politico did get its hands on a
version of the legislation and here's
what we know so far first I always want
to talk about the severity of this
epidemic because the numbers are
mind-boggling so there were more than
64,000 drug overdose deaths in 2016
emergency rooms recorded a 30 percent
spike in opioid overdoses last summer
indicating that the devastating crisis
is actually worsening it is not getting
better so there is a lot of urgency when
it comes to dealing with this and
remember Trump said that he would deal
with it immediately after coming to
office and that is not what he has done
now here's what he is potentially going
to propose Trump is finalizing a plan
that calls for law enforcement measures
like the death penalty for some drug
dealers that public health advocates and
congressional Republicans warned will
detract from efforts to reverse the
epidemic so the law enforcement
component of the proposal obviously
comes from the Department of Justice
they want to really beef up the war on
drugs and their idea is no punitive
measures punitive measures that's the
way to go even though we've had decades
of failed policy involving the war on
drugs now it does also include
prevention and treatment measures and
those are the components that come from
Health and Human Services so that's
where you see a little bit of a divide
when it comes to the Trump
administration yes so actually there are
good parts of this bill in fact there's
parts that are so good in treating
people with opioid addictions that they
think it's totally unrealistic that
Congress will pass a bill that large
because conservatives will want to kill
it they'll say no it's definite
spending which they did in mind when
they were passing the trillions of
dollars in tax cuts for the rich but
anyway in this case they say it's
unlikely to pass and and the amount of
money that Trump himself is allocated is
wildly unrealistic given this not just
the scope of the problem with the scope
of the proposed solutions the positive
ones coming from the health community
okay and then of course I'm amused by
the Justice Department guys like no you
know what we'll do what break up yeah
show them no they were already broken
that's they're addicted we're trying to
help them right but when you all you
have is a hammer everything seems like
nails I know you don't do hammer these
guys they're in trouble you need you
need to help them well remember they're
the reason why the war on drugs
continues till this day and the reason
why there's still a federal prohibition
on relatively harmless drugs like
marijuana is because people have made
careers off of the prohibition of it so
those are the very people that are
employed by the Department of Justice
which is why they want to come at it
from a more trakone Ian and and punitive
perspective now let's give you some more
details on this the Trump administration
proposes to change how the government
pays for opioid prescriptions to limit
access to powerful painkillers it also
calls on Congress to change how medicaid
pays for treatment seeking to make it
easier for patients with addictions to
get inpatient care it would also create
a new Justice Department task force that
more aggressively monitors internet
sales now remember we've talked about
that task force before and Kellyanne
Conway is likely to be the head of that
task force even though she has no
experience with it but nonetheless there
are the good components that would help
those with addiction they would take
some preventative measures and also they
would expand access to naloxone which is
the drug that first responders can give
to someone as they're overdosing on
prescription painkillers or heroin so
that should of course be readily
available to all the first responders so
it's about time they did that that's
great and I want to actually even
compliment one part from the Justice
Department proposal they'd be empowered
to step up prosecutions of
negligent doctors pharmacies and other
providers but let's note that there is
one really important part of that that
is missing in fact the most important
part prosecutors would not be encouraged
or empowered to go after the biggest
drug dealers which are the
pharmaceutical companies and their
distributors they're the ones selling
the drugs to the pill mills in the first
place they're the ones that know that
Eric a tidal wave of opioids went into
West Virginia like that all the people
in West Virginia a decade they they know
exactly where their drugs are going
they're literally the drug dealers but
they're the only ones who aren't gonna
be touched at all right I think it's
interesting that you know they don't
want to approach the root of the problem
and they want to go after the pharmacist
and the doctors and look there are
definitely bad actors you know who are
pharmacists and doctors but that's not
the root of the problem and there was a
lot of tough talk by Trump during the
election in regard to these
pharmaceutical companies and he has done
nothing to rein them in so and actually
leads to two other things right
so first of all 64,000 drug deaths is
you know we talked about and you keep
continue talking about this is amazing
and it's brought up down the life
expectancy of the average American by
itself that's how many deaths there are
related to opioids it said so we were
losing years of our lives because of
this abuse on on average okay so Trump
said he was gonna stop opioid abuse
period so under this proposal if it
works perfectly
they say that it'll eventually get rid
of a third of the problem what happened
I thought he was gonna fix it overnight
period yeah look what a preposterous set
of lies that he told during the campaign
and that people believed so now but he's
had a year he's had over a year to do
something about it why is the proposal
coming all like 14 months later but okay
fine so what happened in that year
because trumps are magically gonna solve
everything right well it turns out that
the CDC reported just last week that
emergency rooms recorded a 30 percent
spike and overall
overdoses last summer so it got 30%
worse under Trump because he didn't she
sat on his hands and didn't do anything
for over a year now he does this
proposal some parts are good some parts
are clearly deficient some parts are
preposterous
so now let's get through executing the
drug dealers so even deeply Republican
senators like Shelley Moore Moore Capito
in West Virginia say no no that doesn't
make any sense
she said I don't see that's going to
solve the problem and West Virginia has
hit the hardest and she's and he won
that state by I think forty nine points
and the Republican senator from there is
no dumbass executing the drug dealers
what are you gonna do go execute the CEO
Purdue Pharma that's right that isn't
gonna solve the problem because the
problem isn't some shady drug dealers
standing on a dark street street corner
somewhere it is you know this system
that we have set up with the
pharmaceutical industry and it's cozy
ties to doctors you know some of these
trips that they take these doctors on
how they persuade these doctors to over
prescribe some of these incredibly
addictive drugs I mean that is the heart
of the problem what is he gonna do is
gonna execute the pharmaceutical CEOs of
course he's not so it's just a nonsense
arm tough-on-crime stance that isn't
gonna materialize into anything
beneficial but i do want to give you a
quote from trump and then give you the
reality of how he's helped black market
drug dealers in the past so he said in
regard to executing drug dealers
recently
if you shoot one person they give you
life meaning life in prison they give
you the death penalty these people can
kill two thousand three thousand people
and nothing happens to them well first
of all no a lot of them do get caught
and they do spend a lot of time behind
bars but what is the reality when it
comes to trump and drug dealers well
according to The Daily Beast back in the
1980s Trump helped a multi kilo cocaine
dealer escape with a minimal sentence a
little over a decade ago Trump worked
with a convicted pill pusher this is
another drug dealer pill pusher to
develop Trump Tower Philadelphia a real
estate deal that also involved Don jr.
and
evanka so i'll give you more details on
who those drug dealers are but when it
came to one of these dealers he
literally wrote a letter to the judge in
order to give this individual a minimal
sentence and you know refer to this
person as a good member of society a
credit to the community
conscientious forthright and diligent
because it was one of his buddies it was
someone that he was doing deals with so
when it comes to that know doesn't care
about being tough on crime and this is
not hey guy got caught with a couple of
joints on the street and they said oh
you were gonna deal it to your friends
no he brought in tons of ecstasy from
Belgium and then he did it over and over
again and he brought in different kinds
of trucks he was a drug dealer yes and
and but he was rich and he had come from
a rich family so trumps like as long as
you're rich what do I care and they so
they were gonna do Trump Tower together
in Philadelphia and he's like well he's
a swell guy now but if it's a poor drug
dealer let's execute the song bitch okay
the other guy from the 1980s he also had
to deal with they used to use his
helicopters he also stayed in Trump
Tower in New York and they would use his
helicopters to bring people to his
Trump's Atlantic City casinos so then he
writes a glowing letter and that guy's
case got moved from Cincinnati for no
reason to New Jersey and guess what the
judge was Donald Trump's sister it was
John but then later she did recuse
herself to her credit but no only when
they found out that she was also using
the helicopters then she had to recuse
herself then they handed it off to a
friend of hers in that same court and of
course the guy got a lenient sentence
yeah only 18 months and then was
released to a halfway house in one of
these cases the drug dealer himself got
at the end of everything finally three
years after constantly violating the law
the people lower on the chain got 20
years why cuz they weren't rich it's
sick it's absolutely sick and as usual
the same thing with him when he uses
illegal immigrants Una's buildings when
he brings in more immigrants today even
when he's president with visas foreign
workers when he's railing against that
all his products are made
the country he had another case of
hypocrisy he says execute the drug
dealers but not my buddies who are drug
dealers who I love
I mean look he bragged about lying to
Justin Trudeau what makes anyone think
that he wouldn't lie to the American
people just to get their votes of course
and then finally senator Dan Sullivan
another right-wing Republican this time
from Alaska
when asked you guys really gonna vote to
execute drug dealers he said quote I
don't know if the president was serious
or just set it off the cuff' in other
words even the Republican senators are
like look the guy's a joker
you want me to take him seriously but it
turns out he is serious it's in the
actual proposal so now they're gonna
have to vote on whether to execute drug
dealers and if we have to bother telling
you we will all the research shows that
that in other countries where they've
tried execution as a way of stopping the
demand for drugs and the amount of drugs
that are in the country it has never
worked you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
