United Nations investigators are calling
out Facebook for what is happening in
Myanmar so the row hanga are being
massacred unfortunately at a tremendous
rate first of all more than six hundred
eighty eight thousand row hangared
refugees have already fled Myanmar to go
to Bangladesh so it is an absolutely
epic catastrophe there and and not a lot
of help from the rest of the world
certainly the American government is is
nearly non-existent in our concern about
that issue a lot of evidence that people
are being butchered massacred
institutionalized rape in the country
now the it happens to be Buddhists in
this case who are driving out the Muslim
minority it's almost as if it has to do
with socio-economic Geographic and
political issues rather than race or
religion mm-hmm okay but we've talked
about that in the past we're a rare show
that actually covers this issue a lot
but and and I'm an enormous advocate of
the United Nations overall in the UN
Human Rights Council but here when
investigator yang Li says yang Healy I
should say everything is done through
Facebook and Myanmar and I'm afraid that
Facebook has now turned into a beast and
not what is originally intended I happen
to think that that's unfair and so I'm
overwhelmingly concerned about what's
happening there but blaming Facebook is
like blaming radio for the Rwandan
genocide in that case the people who did
the genocide organized over the radio
and they would tell people okay here's
where the Tutsis are and you should
attack them and they're the worst etc
back in the day in germany dated
propaganda in other forms of media it
reminds me of when everybody's panicked
over the Craigslist killer like well in
the old days he would have just gone
through the yellow pages but nobody ever
called him the yellow pages killer so I
get it I understand the concern but when
they tell Facebook that you have to cut
down on hate speech and boy I mean I
can't tell you how much I want this
these massacres and what is now being
called a genocide
to end and we've spoken forcefully about
it over and over again and shutting down
particular pages okay but blaming
Facebook and I'm not sure it's okay if
it's saying go murder people it's
definitely okay that is not acceptable
right but when you start getting into
political points of view I think it's a
really hard territory you're blaming
Facebook for being in media outlet but
you it is what it is they're gonna
organize Facebook you're just blaming
them for being popular in a sense so I
don't want them shutting down unpopular
opinions although in Myanmar
unfortunately it's not an unpopular
opinion and I don't know how you deal
with the government in that context it's
just a matter for me of does Facebook
first have standards that are smart and
right and protect the kind of free
speech that you're talking about while
not just creating a legalized way for
people to do illegal things not good or
bad things but like illegal things that
we agree are wrong to do and then
secondly are are they enforcing it
properly that's where I come down and I
am all for I always come down with ACLU
and stuff like this where it's just like
Liz and I there's people I don't agree
with and there's terrible thing that
said legally there is hate speech in
America which is different from its if
you have certain kinds of hate speech it
gets into illegal territory when it's I
think threatening in you know incipient
violence or something like that then and
and there's a specific threat of
violence in that sense it becomes
illegal and only in that sense would I
police certain kinds of speech that's
one thing but if it's like a group is
taking advantage of them a certain form
of media you're right that's a timeless
you know a a historically standard way
that people mobilize their own political
movements and sometimes they turn
violent sometimes they don't you I do
second that concern that we need to
maintain those utilities open so that
the good side can use them as well yeah
so look there are some bright lines that
are relatively straightforward and easy
assignment to
big violence you can't do that so
Facebook shutting that down makes
perfect sense
go kill Bob Bob's not Bob's the wrong
religion the wrong race or we just don't
like Bob you can't have that on Facebook
everybody knows that Facebook knows that
they shut that down right but the rest
of it gets really hard and for all these
social media outlets look free and I'll
be upfront with you guys you guys know
Facebook's a partner of ours but that's
not why I'm saying this I'm telling you
that all these social media platforms
have a nearly impossible job so so okay
illegal is that's a bright line maybe in
America that's a bright line then that's
easy but when the Chinese government
says it is illegal to speak out against
the Chinese government in any way shape
or form shut down all political
dissidents not so easy right in the case
of Myanmar it might not be illegal
because the government is backing the
massacres right so that's also not easy
now the last part in the core of this
which is shutting down hate speech I
don't want Facebook or any of these
platforms to be in that business now I'm
a progressive so I'm massively against
hate speech it's easy super easy for me
to say shut down hate speech that
benefits mean it doesn't benefit other
people but where do you draw the line
so the Buddhists in Myanmar that are
that are fundamentalists and that are
doing these specific attacks obviously
not all Buddhist and Myanmar and
obviously not all Buddhists across the
world we're not eating at right-wingers
we don't make generalizations like that
but the particular fundamentalists that
are doing this in Myanmar what do they
say they say Muslims are the problem
what do right-wingers in this country
say Muslims are the problem including
our president what are we gonna do ban
our president from Facebook he said we
should ban all Muslims from the country
until we figure out what the hell is
going on and what is and what's
happening Aroha they're literally
throwing out the Muslims from the
country as they I guess suppose figure
out what's going on and while they
continue to murder them right these
these are the questions of Facebook
first of all if you're living in a place
like Myanmar doesn't have the same kind
of infrastructure and alternative media
distribution mechanisms that you have
elsewhere in the world
this this is a dynamic that is
everywhere when there where there is
limited infrastructure certain things
that you would take for granted or
discredit or whatever certainly become
suddenly become very important I did
studies unlike in Alabama it's a non
collective-bargaining state they
shouldn't have unions but you know
throughout the early 2000s all the way
up through the early 2000s the teachers
union was like the strongest means of
political organization in the state
shouldn't have been on paper but they
had very little other infrastructure
politically and they had teachers
everywhere so this is the means by which
people rally around a cause and then in
Facebook it seems like in Myanmar that's
the only thing and then you know things
like the media the radio you said the
radio you relied on the radio and
fireside chats from the president and
one of the few you know radio broadcasts
to give you the truth it has always been
difficult when you can't really rely on
the truth to come from the radio and
when people are relying on the truth to
come from Facebook which is their only
means of social media then I would shift
around some of my priorities while still
focusing on maintaining freedom of
speech but making sure that there are
certain lines that are drawn so that it
doesn't get taken advantage of but I
can't say that just because someone said
something mean on Facebook that's what
translated to the violence it was the
violence that I should yeah and lastly
honor guys if Facebook in that sense
especially in that particular country
has gotten so popular that they're
basically a mirror to humanity so when
we're yelling at Facebook we're
basically yelling at ourselves like oh
you everybody is on Facebook and some
people are doing bad things on Facebook
yeah that's kind of how humanity works
so I'm again not to minimize Myanmar I
think it's one of the biggest problems
in the world and we do almost nothing
about it but I'm not sure that this is
the productive approach you just watch
the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
