something fishy is going on right now
with a few very high-profile Bernie
hating social media accounts and we're
going to look at one today this is a
recently profiled set of activities from
a Democratic party consultants tweets
her name is Sally Albright now a Trevor
this is the first name of a Bernie
Sanders supporter who didn't want to
provide his last name because he was
worried about being taxed which is very
reasonable fear these days but goes by
liking online on Twitter notice a
strange pattern of behavior when Sally
Albright responded to him now understand
that her tweets generally are I mean
there's some just generic anti Trump
stuff and some generic Democratic Party
stuff but a lot of it even more than a
year after the election is targeted at
attacking Bernie Sanders supporters
attacking Bernie Sanders you know those
sorts of standard attacks against him
now her tweets addressed to Trevor were
rapidly retweeted by the same series of
accounts every time this created a
barrage of notifications making it look
as though there was an avalanche of
opposition to everything he said they
appeared thus to be BOTS automated
accounts mass masked as real people
being used to amplify a particular
political message and one way that you
can sort of tell this impartial eats by
activity partially by what they type but
also partially it's by the name and the
photo associated with the name for those
who choose to use it so the account
named for iris winter which is
temporarily suspended uses a picture of
a Spanish ice dancer Minnie casseras
picture comes from a Facebook account of
Martina painter who died in January of
2017 the picture used by Georgia miles
is actually a New Jersey woman who was
killed in September 2016 in a high-speed
car chase and so you get the idea that
these accounts are taking real people's
photos to pretend to be unique
individuals now having a post reached
out to Sally Albright about this
activity and she admitted that she had
handed over a number of accounts to an
unnamed client of hers and she also said
that she had changed the pictures for
some of them I don't know if she
specifically admitted that she had taken
the photos of a recently deceased to
then pretend to be concerned citizens
but the idea that they have taken these
accounts and then set them up to
automatically retweet and like
tivity and that had them target that to
enhance the message of one individual in
this case Sally Albright that is clear
at this point yeah so the Democrats who
are screaming on every cable show about
um the Russian BOTS the Washington watch
some BOTS now they're not wrong the
Russians did do the BOTS we every
Intelligence Committee as concluded that
trumps own picks have concluded that at
the CIA national director of
intelligence and the list goes on and on
but they also do their own BOTS the
corporate Democrats do their butts and
but by the way this is this part of the
story is new and then why we bring it to
you today
but the fact that they're doing BOTS is
not new David Brock bragged about it
during the primaries when he was
supporting Hillary Clinton with his
super PAC and somehow everybody
magically forgot about it
and somehow that's not a big deal look I
know the difference and and I am deeply
disturbed by by what the Russians did
and we're very clear on the record
Russia is a foreign country and and
these people are American citizens but
that doesn't make it a good thing it's
still a terrible thing right and and the
it is out of proportion how much focus
has been given a one which i think is oh
like it's overdone by cable but it is a
thing that you should be concerned about
but why is it the other thing not
something you should be concerned about
so cable news never talks about it
they mainstream media almost never talks
about it so don't come crying to me
about Russian BOTS if you do your own
BOTS yeah so we're consistent we're
against all of this fake news if you
will the fake social media etc and a
Democrats go can you believe that these
people did it against us and like Sally
Albright David Brack Brock just a few
obviously I mean organizations do this
as well as well as individuals and
certainly political campaigns that's
what we are being consistent which is
the only logical position on this you
should be against all of these
activities and not selectively choose
which ones to be outraged about and
which ones to attempt to pretend don't
exist
and by the way it's an even if we're
talking about not in the America we're
talking about foreign BOTS it's not just
Russia for instance i'ma jump ahead here
but in Mexico allies of president
Enrique Pena Nieto have deployed swarms
of Twitter BOTS to overwhelm and
effectively shut down online debates the
far-right in Italy has used bot networks
for their own domestic politics
journalists in the u.s. experienced a
similar flood during the 2016 election
from pro Trump neo-nazi sock puppet
accounts posting anti-semitic death
threats this is a thing that is huge in
America it's huge in some countries
targeting America and it's huge and
manipulating other people's own domestic
elections this is something that we need
to universally condemned and push for a
solution for because it hurts everyone
in this particular case it's hurting
Bernie Sanders and that's from the
Democratic side when Bernie becomes the
candidate there will be this exact
person will probably continue with the
bot accounts but he will also be
targeted by foreign bot networks as well
not to mention the fact that many of our
allies that the Democratic contest
inside of their countries are being
perverted and subverted by bot networks
we need to have a unified front against
these sort of activities and not
selectively choose which ones to give a
damn about let's put it this way Clinton
establishment folks you might have been
able to tell that you were not the more
popular candidate when you had to buy
supporters or buy robots to pretend to
be supporters on your side gee I wonder
which side the energy was on and and
they always say like oh yeah but Hillary
won the primaries she was more popular
though that means she had unreal name
recognition and every single cable news
outlet saying 24/7 the super-delegates
have already voted
she's got an overwhelming lead why is
Bernie Sanders still in the race who's
Bernie Sanders don't cover Bernie
Sanders with that massive advantage of
every television station and every major
paper being on her side and the biggest
name recognition anybody's ever had he
still lost a 60 point lead she had a 60
point lead over Bernie Sanders when they
started in 2015 and he almost caught her
with this amount of time to be able to
build up name recognition you know why
because there was energy
Bernie Sanders side he was represented
by actual human beings online or is you
had to buy people to support Hillary
Clinton and that's still going on today
good article in down with tyranny about
how establishment Dems seem to be doing
to Laura Moser in Texas so they the
d-triple-c
attacker publicly did it Oppo research
they're supposed to do that against
Republicans they did it against the
Democrat in a primary against their own
memo that they sent to all the
candidates do not attack in the
primaries and then they viciously
attacked a fellow Democrat because she
had the temerity to be progressive and
not corrupt right so what do they do
they're not done yet oh shoot that
didn't work that backfire she went from
six to second and made it into the
runoff in Texas by the way we'll have
the links down below from to support
Laura Moser to support uncorrupted just
Democrats read the downloads here any
article read the hub post article get
the information for yourself all those
links will be in the description box on
YouTube and comment section on Facebook
and in this case they're still not down
there like oh we did it publicly in that
backfired so let's go do the thing we
normally do spend money to try to
destroy progressives but we can't
actually get volunteers who's gonna sign
up for yeah I'd like to be the scumbag
who sandbags fellow progressives online
can I just make up stuff about it one of
the things that Albright makes up about
Bernie Sanders is that he's racist the
most liberal guy in the country is
somehow also the most conservative
whatever it doesn't have to be true if
you're a liar and a professional one at
that it doesn't have to be true and they
do these smear jobs and they're still
doing it to this day so you should be
pissed about both whether it's coming
from Russia or the democratic hacks
inside this country if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now TYT Network calm
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
