here are I believe this is some of the
students who spoke at the walk out
events we will accept nothing less than
comprehensive gun control and if it's
what it takes we will shame our national
policymakers into protecting us together
we will get stricter gun reform because
it is the right thing to do we will
expand background checks because it is
the right thing to do and we will
optimize our psychiatric evaluations
because it - is the right thing to do
when the commander chief solution to
this country's gun problem is more guns
you know we have a moral problem in this
White House our lives are worth more
than the millions of NRA dollars dumped
into political campaigns when national
policy makers when national policy
makers value the blood money of the NRA
over the lives of children you know we
have a moral problem in the halls of
Congress and on these issues let me be
clear there is no compromise we are not
seeking a Republican solution or a
democratic solution we are seeking an
American resolution their right to own
an assault rifle does not outweigh our
right to live so let's revive the belief
that individuals like my parents had and
the promise of this country so that we
can remove these profound feelings of
fear and anxiety and what should be our
safest institution the adults have
failed us this is in our hands now and
if any elected official gets in our way
we will vote them out and replace them
ourselves
enough is enough enough is enough okay
I won't let me tell you how to do that
tea white tea network.com slash register
that does not go to our website it
redirects to a government website where
you can register it has a messy URL
that's why we use this link and the link
will be down below in the video please
whatever state you're in if you're in
high school and you've turned 18 you're
in college or you're just a decent human
being and you care to end the massacres
of our children go to TOI tea
network.com slash register find out how
to register in your state find out when
primaries are in your states find out
how you could mail in ballots in your
states go out there and vote vote vote
otherwise the current politicians are
not going to do anything about the
massacre of our kids yeah yeah so we
also have some some of those politicians
were coming out to support the marchers
if there were Republicans I didn't see
anything about it I can't discount the
possibility that there were seems
bizarre that they wouldn't want to get
involved with this but I don't have any
evidence that they did however a
BuzzFeed did capture video of some
dozens of Democratic lawmakers and staff
walking down the steps of the Capitol to
join the protest some we're gonna just
play a video right now if - you're
probably gonna recognize them especially
one I hear they are speaking at the
walkouts today I'm proud to be here with
Jana and Erin Turo
Erin organized with congressman Ted
Deutsche Florida our leader on this
issue representing in Congress the
students who had sacrificed so much
spoken so eloquently commanded the
attention of the nation erin has helped
organize the Congressional Solidarity
walkout that all of us are honored to be
a part of
the congressional Solidarity walkout
we're all moved by your eloquence and
your Fearless insistence on action to
prevent gun violence thank you for
bringing your urgency to this fight to
the doorstep of America
I just wanna thank all of you for your
curve and for your indulgence and for
leading the nation in the right
direction so pretty much everyone
reporting on this said that Bernie
Sanders received an amazing reception we
don't have the video but one of the kids
when he first walks out someone yells
holy s it's Bernie Sanders yeah so
they're they're big fans
I actually makes feelings about the
politicians coming out on the one hand
they're the students organize this
amazing protest and for the Democrats to
walk out and enjoin them is a powerful
sign supporting their action and saying
hey you got our attention and this is
wonderful and we encourage it and people
like senator Murphy have more than
earned the right to be there fighting
for gun control all along through all
the tough times so on the other hand
seeing like Democratic politicians get
grabbed the mic I know it's just you
know I don't I want it to be organic and
I and then it is and the these students
have done an amazing job of organizing
all this so I don't want it to be
dismissed as something political on the
third hand if you have what is Bernie
Sanders out there with a megaphone not
at the podium but out there in the
megaphone when he walks out in the crowd
goes nuts and then if Bernie feels like
he's one of them as opposed to one of
the adults hey I mean I think that
Washington would looked at that
derisively but I think that the young
people in America look at that with a
lot of if I might say so love right like
he's here he's got our back on this and
by the way so and Bernie was you know
has some issues with voting on gun
control in the past let's just keep it
real on that now he's strong today and
fighting against it that's why I give
senator Murphy a lot of credit because
he's been strong throughout and so you
have to be realistic about the positions
of everybody no matter who you support
and but anyway so
so even Pelosi Schumer coming out there
and and kind of getting the back of the
kids I like a lot right
on the other hand don't like like the
camera space was taking up a lot by the
politicians well at that point I know I
know
I think as long as they're actually
doing the right thing I mean there's
some some politicians even on the
Democratic side that take money from the
NRA and don't have a good record on this
certainly and we usually point them out
but we also know that this is one of the
most lopsided issues between the
Republicans and the Democrats and I mean
they at one point they passed an assault
weapons ban and there's there they would
pass you know a limitation on the
capacity high-capacity magazines and
things like that so this is one of the
issues where I think at least the people
that were speaking there seemed to
uniformly be right on the issues at the
very least really fast I do want to
point out there was a response to some
extent from the other side no I didn't
see the Republican politicians go out
there even the ones who might be a
little bit supportive of gun control
measures but the NRA did did send out a
tweet so if we could jump ahead to
graphic 26 you're gonna see a little
image I'll control my own guns thank you
oh great and so kids from across the
country are worried about being
massacred in schools and your message to
them is to put a picture of an assault
weapon and basically threaten them
yeah well that's that's the weapon that
was used against them to kill them to
murder them but hey you guys are really
tough and and at least you're making a
buck right hey those weapons
manufacturers every shooting more people
buy guns they love those shootings at
least we know where your loyalties lie
which leads me to the final chord from
Maya Holman who is one of the students
that protested in Palo Alto California
she said seventeen people are dead and
I'm no longer willing to listen to
politicians who deem my life less
valuable than a piece of metal if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
