arnold schwarzenegger the former
governor of california is back in the
news and recently he gave an interview
to Politico politico's off message
podcast to be specific and he said some
pretty fascinating things about the
issue of climate change and these big
oil companies that have been getting
away with pretty bad behavior and keep
in mind Arnold Schwarzenegger still
identifies as a Republican but when it
comes to big oil companies he wants to
get tough and he actually wants to file
a lawsuit against them he explains the
details in the next video take a look I
think it is also important that for
people to really focus on that issue
because this is no different than the
smoking issue that the backhoe industry
knew for years and years and years and
decades that smoking would harm people
would kill people will create cancer and
they were hiding that fact from the
people and denied it then eventually
they were taken to court and they had to
pay hundreds of billions of dollars
because of that because they knew it so
the same thing is now with the oil
companies the oil companies because
people don't know that the oil companies
knew from 1959 on they did their own
study and knew there would be global
warming and climate change happening
because of fossil fuels Anthon top of it
it will be risky for people's lives they
would kill people and they will get
cancer and all this all of this stuff
the oil companies knew and they kept
hiding it from the people this is why we
are now talking to law firms to go into
exactly the same thing as they've done
in a tobacco industry where we sue the
oil companies for knowingly killing
people all over the world so he he uses
very strong language later on he says
this and I quote him to me it's
absolutely irresponsible to know that
your product is killing people and not
have a warning label on it like tobacco
every gas station on it every car should
have a warning label on it every product
that has fossil fuels
have a warning label on it I like this
other quote too he said if you walk into
a room and you know you're going to kill
someone its first-degree murder I think
it's the same thing with the oil
companies I've never seen anyone in
public office talk that way now he's of
course no longer governor that's a
former governor of the largest state in
the Union a former Republican governor
and he still identifies as a Republican
and you know it I listened to the whole
podcast because I thought it was
fascinating and people accused him of
being Republican in name only
he's like no I'm a Republican I don't
know why this turned into a partisan
issue but we should be protecting you
know Americans health we should be
protecting the environment and I don't
agree with him on a lot of things but I
really respect him for standing his
ground on this issue because it is
important so when Schwarzenegger was
governor try disagreed with among dozens
of things he is an actual Republican and
like most Republicans the thing he cares
most about was tax cuts why because he's
rich so but he has credibility in this
respect for two reasons one he's not
doing it for the money he's extremely
wealthy so they can't say to him all
you're just suing just get rich right
and two he's a Republican so it's harder
to make the case that it's some sort of
partisan attack on the oil companies but
putting the politics aside for a second
it's bold it's courageous and I
appreciate it
and he's right they they knew all the
way back then and I did a story about it
a while back when new records were
released from companies like Exxon Mobil
and back when Exxon which before the
merger had done their their research and
the research clearly indicated yes it
will cause climate change yes it will be
incredibly harmful to the planet and
they were like yeah let's not make that
public okay so they knew all along they
knew for decades and decades and decades
as they denied and denied denied it and
then they paid politicians to deny it
for them so I mean that's another crime
it the crime against democracy and and
they took all those trillions of dollars
in profits from all those years from
those decades look these are the most
profitable company
in the world and they've been the most
profitable companies in the world for a
long long time and all that money they
already took home they already built
mansions they already built a you know
got their yachts and all that stuff
Rex Tillerson who just left the
Secretary of State used to be the CEO of
Exxon Mobil he hilariously fought
against fracking in Harris backyard
because it was next to his mansion even
though Exxon Mobil was one of the
biggest frackers in the country okay of
course so they took all the money
already and they put all the costs on us
I mean the Arctic was 45 degrees warmer
than that than average the other day I
mean you look at every chart it's got
temperatures soaring it's got oceans
rising and so guys like Schwarzenegger
for all other things we disagree with
them on looks at him goes well whether
we like it or not that's science and I
got children and grandchildren on this
planet and those oceans are gonna rise
they are in the middle of rising now
it's the severe weather isn't going to
happen at an undetermined later time
it's happening right now California was
just on fire for extraordinary long
period way longer than fire season
normally goes on way more severe let
alone the Hurricanes you all saw last
year so it's real and and they took all
the money at a bare minimum suing them
to get the money back for the American
people and people worldwide is the least
we could do if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person or you might say
I think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
