when you become a TI team member not
only do you get exclusive content you
become a part of our family
click the link in the description box
below to join the home of progressives
this type of propaganda unfortunately
does work with some people and nothing
made that clearer than what Emma biglan
experienced when she went to a trump
rally in Arizona recently you know she
spoke to a number of Trump supporters
but one Trump voter stood out the most
and here's what he believes should be
done with migrants as they attempt
across the border what would solve the
whole thing in the border if they would
just start shooting only shoot a kappa
and they would go home
you think deterrence would work hey if
they would shoot so a lot of these
people are fleeing horrific political
situations themselves and seeking asylum
you still think that we should shoot
they if they just shot Adam a few times
they would go back well if I am ahead in
a good point there she was saying
fleeing political violence and you know
my mother came from El Salvador and she
was undocumented and we know when I
asked her her case then started reading
studies I found that it was not uncommon
that many of these folks are actual
refugees I think and not just seeking
you know necessarily a better life but
literally seeking not to die from a war
zone so in my mother's case she was
fleeing the Civil War there which the US
had played a role in and so now today
when we look at the migrants many of
them are not from Mexico they're from
Honduras where you know our government
unfortunately also had a negative role
after the coup in other in other
countries like that so I think we need
to consider you know this kind of a
context like why are they coming here
it's not necessarily to want to invade
but just to survive
so the right wing they say it all the
time
will take what you said and say well you
see that instead of blaming them they're
blaming us for the problems but why do
you want to blame them they're they're
poor people who are running from
violence and poverty even if it was just
poverty and not the violence like what
what joy do you get out of blaming those
poor people who are looking for a better
life for themselves and their kids and
and I guess if you want to be ignorant
that's your call but did we help to
start a civil
or in El Salvador yes we most definitely
did it's not in dispute it has our war
on drugs created monstrous gangs in
Latin America yes of course every time
we do prohibition it creates gangs like
Al Capone during the prohibition of beer
and and now ms-13 and other gangs in the
prohibition of marijuana and just so
does policy have an effect yes now if
you'd like to be stupid and I'm keepin
it real with you and he said no me no
brown people are bad we good I don't
care about history I don't care about
consequences I don't care about policy
well I can't help you because we don't
speak the same language I speak policy
and facts and consequences and you speak
stupid but look I think that there is a
lot of ignorance right and there's
ignorance across the board regardless of
what your political ideology is because
we'll we just discussed very briefly
right now is something that most
Americans don't know about because our
media doesn't talk about it they always
address the symptoms of a larger problem
okay so this whole military-industrial
complex not only does it have negative
impacts on us as US taxpayers who should
have things like universal health care
who should have our tax payer money
actually helping our lives and
benefiting our lives but it also
negatively impacts other countries and
leads to these situations where people
flee violence from their own countries
and that violence is something that we
played a role in so we need to look if
you don't like brown people okay I
disagree with you wholeheartedly but
that's fine we can actually solve the
root of the issue moving forward rather
than dealing with these symptoms right
because why are things bad in these
countries is there anything that we can
do to help the situation in these
countries so we don't have these you
know math numbers of refugees trying to
come in but we never have that
conversation just use your head why
would people want to leave their homes
because they don't want to leave Miami
either there's a reason if you do and I
feel like if you know we're a part of
that reason not all of it but a part of
it we should try to help a little bit
and so that's why we agree and by the
way we were part of the reason why Japan
and Germany were devastated after World
War two for good reason and what
we do we help rebuild them and instead
of being our enemies they became our top
allies and help to the global economy
which then helped us again it's almost
as if you're when you do smart things
you get good results when you do stupid
things you get bad results but let me go
a little further so at the SS st. Louis
came here in 1939 it had 900 people on
that boat you could almost call it a
caravan right it was on the water and
not on land and it was filled with 900
Jews who were trying to escape Nazi
Germany we turned him back we didn't ask
questions
and we just didn't want him here hey
America first well our people that's you
if you're not from here that's your
problem we don't want this mob coming in
250 of them died in gas chambers when we
sent them back so what do the
Republicans want to do now by the way if
you want to cry over the analogy go
ahead and cry but I'm telling you
historical fact because they're relevant
and important so when those people come
here and Trump's ideas don't even let
them seek asylum I don't want to know I
don't want to know if they're refugees
are not refugees I don't care just send
him back well we did that in 1939 and
it's one of the most shameful things
we've ever done in American history so
if you want to repeat things like that
you could have this thoughtless policy
and the thing that drives me crazy is
again as always with the right-wing they
can told two contradictory thoughts in
their head at the same time see Donald
Trump is tough and he's been great at
the border and he's so much better than
Democrats that's why everybody's coming
in at the same time what then why are
people still coming
I thought Donald Trump was a genius who
figured out how to make them stop coming
but it turns out they're coming in
larger numbers than ever because it
isn't about Donald Trump it isn't about
deterrence and even if you shoot them
that's not gonna help because they're
shooting from the other side and they're
shooting more from the other side
they've got their kids and they're
running for their lives and so the
answer to that particular Republican
gave the em'ly in that rally was let's
shoot them as well and if you'd given
that answer in 1939 that would be
the only answer worse than the one we
actually gave oh you're running from the
Nazis we'll shoot at you and that'll
teach you a lesson so it doesn't mean
you have to let everyone into the
country that's a total figment of
right-wing imagination when the Canon
comes and they seek asylum we have a
process and some of them are likely to
be seeking asylum for legitimate reasons
and some not and the ones that are not
which is probably the majority we don't
allow them into the country they're not
ramming through any gate they're going
through legal process and when they do
unfortunately in my opinion a lot of
them get sent back okay we actually do
have laws in this country so when you
hear on Fox News or Donald Trump saying
we don't have any borders and we don't
have any laws in this country it's not
remotely true we have a process that
we've applied for decade after decade
and is it perfect no people cross the
border without permission of course they
do it's not anywhere near perfect but
this Caravan
it's a giant Caravan they're not hiding
all the cameras in the world are trained
on them they're not trying to sneak in
there in a caravan but they're gonna go
to a port and seek asylum do the right
thing do the American thing talk to them
for a second and figure out which ones
are refugees and which ones or not yeah
follow the law
actually go through our legal process
instead of doing what Trump is
suggesting which is breaking the law and
not hearing them out at all and turning
them back like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
