Rex Tillerson is out oh here we go oops
well that's true too but I meant ladies
and gentlemen we got him okay is this
something to celebrate well kind of Rex
Tillerson started out as a bad guy
continued as a bad guy throughout but at
the end a little bit of a saving grace
so he was the former CEO of Exxon Mobil
he was picked as the Secretary of State
for reasons that I'm going to explain to
you in a second in fact I explained it
to you five days ago in a prediction
that I made about out Rex Tillerson
would be out very very soon as you'll
see right but we were told by Donald
Trump that Rex Tillerson was not going
to be out just a couple of months ago he
tweeted this the media has been
speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson
or that he would be leaving soon fake
news he's not leaving and while we
disagree on certain subjects I call the
final shots we work well together and
America is highly respected again why
does the president have to put in in
brackets I call the final shots you
thin-skinned clown everyone knows that
you are so deeply insecure but back
there just of course I'm not gonna fire
we're not in discussions over that now
today as he fired them listen to what
Trump says in the middle of this
explanation of why he fired Rex
Tillerson watch I've worked with Mike
Pompeo now for quite some time
tremendous energy tremendous intellect
we're always on the same wavelength the
relationship has been very good and
that's what I need as a secretary of
state
I wish Rex Tillerson well and I'm really
at a point where we're getting very
close to having the cabinet and other
things that I want Rex and I have been
talking about this for a long time we
got along actually quite well but we
disagreed on things when you look at the
Iran deal I think it's terrible I can't
see fit it was okay
I wanted to either break it or do
something and he felt a little bit
differently so we were not really
thinking the same as you know I wish Rex
a lot of good things I think he's going
to do I think he's gonna be very happy
I think Rex will be much happier now
well I agree with that last part who
wouldn't be happier leaving the insanity
of the Donald Trump administration and
his non-stop harassment and changing of
his mind and berating of his own
officials I mean it is absolute madness
but did you notice in the middle there
he said Rex and I have been talking
about this for a long time wait a minute
I thought you tweeted that it was fake
news that you guys were talking about it
huh look about the millionth lie in a
row from Donald Trump who would have
guessed that now he says it was partly
about Iran I'm going to expose that lie
in a second okay but first let's just
note The Washington Post says in fact a
president drop out the Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson and replaced them
with CIA director Mike Pompeo
orchestrating a major change to his
national security team so Pompeo zento
loosens out I wonder if anyone predicted
this about five days ago well let's find
out now as usual I have a fun prediction
for you guys and I will say it ahead of
time of when you'll get to see if I'm
right or wrong
I believe Rex Tillerson will leave the
administration very soon so tick-tock
tick-tock
five days later so if you notice I said
very soon and of course I sent it ahead
of time look let me just pause here to
say something really important about my
fun predictions yeah it's an tinning
it's fun I think I got a pretty good
record you can check YouTube goes back
12 years right but that's not why I do
it I do it because I want you to
understand that we're not Monday morning
quarterbacking it so when I tell you why
it's going to happen it later people
will say oh no was for other reasons I
want you to know ahead of time that the
reason I'm calling it is because people
will try to deny the real reason that it
happened now if I was full of it well my
predictions wouldn't come
and that person would not be leaving
office right but he did leave office the
reason I predicted it five days ago is
because I wanted you to know the real
reason why he's leaving so the real
reason is not reported in any of this
press
it's that Exxon Mobil had a deal with
Russia two new oil exploration it was a
half a trillion dollar deal but the
revenue could equal nine trillion
dollars and I explained that to you last
week and I said Exxon Mobil cancelled
the deal once that deal was cancelled
with Ross Neff the Russian oil company
Rex Tillerson reign was over a Secretary
of State the rest was just playing out
the string that's why I was in a hurry
to make that prediction as soon as I saw
the Exxon Mobil news because I knew that
it was a matter of time so let me show
you that part of the the prediction here
as well now the banks are mobile deal is
not going to happen with Ross theft he
has no reason to say oh hold of him
going there was to do lift the sanctions
and do this deal now as I explained that
and as I explained over a year ago when
he was first appointed you don't
randomly pick the CEO of Exxon Mobil to
do a job he's never done before that he
has no experience in which the Secretary
of State he's never worked in any
government in any foreign relations
never done any of that you don't pick
that guy out of a weird coincidence you
do it because Exxon Mobil had a deal
okay with Russia now that that deal is
not relevant there's no reason for
Tillison to be there and that's exactly
what happened here so now there is one
part that I got a little wrong now
you'll see that most of the stuff I said
here at the end it also came to fruition
but the part that's a little off is
actually important and I want to talk
about that and its ramifications but
first let me show you the ending of that
video from last week Rex Tillerson
wanted huge deals for example where he
worked now that he's not going to get
that he's gonna leave and at the time
they will say oh no his he you don't
want to spend more time with his family
and he disagreed with Trump on some
trifling issue that's not really the
issue at hand
but he is gone he's gone because exons
not doing the deal anymore so the part
that was again correct was the
misdirection on why so Trump mentioned
Iran you'll see in the Washington Post
later they mention North Korea I'll get
to that in a second but the part that's
a little off is that ice Lord Tennyson
with Lee because the whole point was to
get that trillion-dollar deal for his ex
company etc but it turns out Trump fired
him to me that is actually more
important and and more of a pressing
issue today so let me explain why and
let me explain the chronology of what
happened so apparently John Kelly calls
Tillerson when he is on diplomatic trip
to Africa on Friday and says hey Rex you
might be getting a tweet from Trump soon
so now that's a heads-up to his friend
Rex Tillerson saying you might want to
resign because Trump's about to fire you
with a random tweet now no other
president ever fires anybody with a
tweet but Trump is Trump so now Rex
solution does not resign so then Trump
I'm sorry John Kelly's chief of staff
then sends another message to Tillerson
saying
Trump's gonna send the tweet in other
words come on dude don't get embarrassed
resign and Tillerson
I guess partly to his credit it's like
know if he's gonna fire me I demand that
he have the courage to fire me so he
does not resign and then in fact
Tillerson says as you're gonna see in a
second on Monday oh the poisoning that
happened in Britain that was Russia
clearly Russia boom hours later he's
fired okay so it's definitely about
Russia it's not about a rod it's not
about North Korea it's about Russia no
question about him now it Towson's
playing cat-and-mouse with him there
he's like are you gonna fire me over
Russia go ahead big guy fire me in fact
I'll tell you it was clearly Russia who
did the poisoning fine okay at least you
had the courage to fire me because I'm
not resigning to do your job so why if
it's not Tillerson mazzani because he he
cared about the exxon mobil deal why
does Trump fire because
back channel still exists the Russians
were furious with Tillerson the Russians
were furious that Exxon canceled a deal
I told you yesterday and read you the
quotes of roastin F to the Russians
saying I mean weak this deal it's not
we shouldn't cancel it and I also showed
you that Exxon was the only company who
had to know how to be able to drill
where the Russians need to be need to
drill so when Exxon cancelled the deal
the Russians were furious
so Tillerson had to go and that is why
till erson is sniping at the Russians on
his way out Trump in as this story is
playing out appears to still be taking
direction in a lifetime from the
Russians that's amazing so let me give
you the rest of the drama here so at
Trump says what he said that we showed
you about toeses exit officially put out
a long statement bragging about Pompeo
coming the State Department Haspel who
will be replacing him as CIA and at the
very end just as one little note on
Tillerson it says this finally I want to
thank Rex Tolson for a service a great
deal has been accomplished over the last
14 months and I wish him and his family
well and that's it so normally they're
do big thank yous back and forth
Tillerson has a press conference where
he doesn't think Trump at all people
think that's big drama I don't think so
he was fired why would he think him wait
and and then Tilson takes a party shop a
shot at Russia again in the press
conference today these are veiled
comments but I think if you know the
whole story they it's very clear what's
going on back and forth here so now the
Washington Post gives the nonsense
reason look I'm not blaming the
Washington Post in the mainstream media
too much it's harder for them to connect
the dots they have to say well look it
would be nice if they made an effort at
it but instead they go with the standard
line that the government gave them so
the president who has long class with
Tillerson they explain who he believes
is to establishment and his thinking
felt it was important to make the change
now as he prepares for possible
high-stakes talk with North Korean
leader Kim jong-un as
upcoming trade negotiations three White
House officials said so look that's the
Washington Post second out of these what
the White House official said I think
that they should go deeper in this story
but why is the White House saying it now
look they just said North Korea and Iran
and trade deals and to establishment in
other words squirrel squirrel squirrel
squirrel which one is it
what was so bad enough that you're to
publicly fire your Secretary of State
which again if you don't follow politics
closely that's a giant move that's an
earthquake if if obama or george w bush
or any of those guys had to fire their
secretary of state not resign
not amicably part ways and talk about
how i spending time with the family etc
that's gigantic it ain't over small
disagreements on these other issues is
he a little too establishment is he not
establishment it's over the motherlode
or the motherland if you will it's the
one unspoken thing that they keep making
references to but not actually stating
it's over the russian exxon mobil deal
he's the former CEO of Exxon Mobil what
ifs it gonna get through people's heads
that's what it was about okay so now
there's the issue the poisoning now I
told you Telus and took some shots of
when he explained those in a second to
you but I want to be clear this is about
the ex Russian agent in the UK so on
Monday the British Prime Minister
Theresa May said it was highly likely
that the Russian government was behind
the attack that has left Sergei scrape
all and his daughter Yulia critically
ill calling it quote an unlawful use of
force by the Russian State against the
United Kingdom and when Sarah could be
Sanders was asked about it in a press
conference yesterday she answered with
yes sir look no no okay I got it you
condemn the attacks everybody condemns
attacks but was it Russia well we are
with our friends in UK in other words
she wouldn't say she would say finally
today they were forced to say it I'll
get to that in a second but how do they
know it was Russia the UK government has
said it has identified the nerve agent
used on screw Paul's on March 4th as
being from the Nova Chunk family Nova
choked nerve agents were developed by
Russia during the Cold War and are
highly toxic as much as ten times more
deadly than the lethal xvii nerve agent
so anyone in the intelligence community
knows if it's this Nova choke agent that
means it was the Russians they're the
ones who developed it and everybody says
almost no one else has their hands on on
this particular nerve agent and hence as
NBC reports hours before being ousted as
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called
the poisoning of annex Russia spying his
daughter with a military-grade nerve
agent in the UK quote a really egregious
act that appears to have quote clearly
come from Russia now at the time Sarah
Huckabee Sanders and Donald Trump are
cyclotrons Racha part of what they're
angry about is Rex Tillerson forces
their hand their own Secretary of State
says come on it was clearly Russia well
I want you to which should then ask them
begs the question of the rest of the
White House why won't you say it Theresa
May says that you keep waiting your own
Secretary of State says it you keep
waiting and it forces their hand which
it did today but I want to give you more
details on what Tillerson said in a
statement released by the State
Department on Monday evening before
Tollison was fired Tillison called
Russia quote an irresponsible force of
instability in the world acting with
open disregard for the sovereignty of
other states and the life of their
citizens and he wasn't done he said that
he was quote extremely concerned about
Russia and that's before he knew that
Russia was gonna fire him okay and then
finally he said it certainly will
trigger a response I'll leave it at that
but the Russians did not leave it at
that because apparently they sent a
message to Trump to get rid of
restitution and hours later he did look
you you can say Oh Jake no that's too
much saying that the Russians ordered
this they wanted that Exxon deal thanks
on deal gets canceled I predict to Lucis
gone to Sue's gone within five days he
takes a parting shot over and over again
at Russia before he's fired and after
he's fired and you're telling me there's
no connection to Russia no it was their
philosophical differences about how to
do negotiations with North Korea
Trump has philosophical differences
please come on
so finally after the British government
says over and over that it's the
Russians they pause and delay in
delaying today Trump administration
finally says and this reporter by media
tour the White House says President
Trump agreed with Prime Minister May
that the government of the Russian
Federation must provide unambiguous
answers regarding how this chemical
weapon developed in Russia I came to be
used in the United Kingdom but even in
that official statement they didn't say
it was Russia they just said well there
are answers that need to be questions
that need to be answered by the Russians
in an unambiguous way in fact Trump has
asked about it and again listen to how
he parse the words here even as he's
saying it's Russia he's not quite saying
it watch I'm thinking dude to reach the
mate today it sounds to me like it would
be Russia based on all of the evidence
they have I don't know if they've come
to a conclusion
to me like they believed it was Russia
and I would certainly take that finding
as fat and we're speaking with Theresa
made today and as soon as we get the
facts straight if we agree with them we
will condemn Russia or wherever it may
be even there he says we will condemn
Russia if we agree with them or whoever
it might be this guy works for Putin
he's every opportunity he to criticize
Russia he will not take it
I mean North Korea talked about their
nuclear button and he went ballistic on
them what buttons bigger than yours
we're gonna destroy you we're gonna you
know pulverize you Center recently Putin
in a video showing Russian missiles
landing in Florida saying you better not
mess with us no tweets now one comment
from Trump who loves the fight every
other person they passed new sanctions
on Russia they're supposed to implement
them in January were in March Trump will
do it no I'm not gonna put the new
sanctions in now the Russia wants to
loosen gun
all of a sudden tiller says gone and
guys look I'm telling you for the last
time I don't do the Monday Morning
Quarterback because it's easy to say
afterwards oh well that's a theory that
you've got but I don't know about that
I tell you ahead of time because that's
what the real deal is so then if it
turns out that the circumstances unfold
as I told you it's because of that
reason so yes that the back-channel with
Russia continues to this day
Trump almost under penalty of law will
not criticize Russia they have a deal it
is the most obvious thing in the world
it's right in front of you
hopefully it's also right in front of
Muller and it look there's two different
things one is is it real and the other
is can it be proven I think based on the
evidence we already have it is
overwhelming that Trump has some deal
with Russia okay now can they prove it
and you if you're charged with something
that's one standard of proof
if the president is charged with
something it's a different standard of
proof so Moeller has to have
overwhelming direct evidence of some
sort of deal will he be able to get that
with all the people that he has flipped
like Rick gates and Jorge Nader and
Papadopoulos and Flynn and the list goes
on and on that we're gonna see soon but
but I think that he will get him because
Muller is smart and Trump is not and
when he does finally we'll have the last
act of this drama if you become a member
of the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash join
get the whole young turks out every day
