so yesterday we had what was billed as
big news the House Intelligence
Committee that was investigating whether
Donald Trump was connected the Russians
and whether the Russians interfered in
our elections came in with their
findings actually it wasn't the whole
Intelligence Committee even one of the
Republicans on the committee didn't
agree it was just the rest of the
Republicans the Democrats didn't agree
it wasn't bipartisan and the effort was
engineered in a lot of ways by Devin
Nunez who was not only part of the Trump
transition but earlier was shown to have
colluded with Trump in getting the
information from that committee and
giving it to the White House oh they
came in with a conclusion did they Wow
how interesting
so let me read to you what it is from
the New York Times and then I'll break
it down even as a special counsel
expanses inquiry and pursues criminal
charges against at least four trump
associates House Intelligence Committee
Republicans said on Monday that their
investigation had found no evidence of
collusion between Donald J Trump's
presidential campaign and Russia to sway
the 2016 election now the guy ostensibly
at the head of the investigation was
Representative K Michael Conaway and he
said this the bottom line the Russians
did commit active measures against our
election in 16 and we think they will do
that in the future we disagree with the
narrative that they were trying to help
Trump
why is this even news I mean I get it
it's a portion of the House Intelligence
Committee and I guess people have a duty
to report what they said and it's
interesting in the case of politics but
anyone's still pretending that this
investigation is real it's preposterous
how can anyone in their right mind think
that can we just stop with the Kabuki
theater if people keep saying things
from yesteryear that don't apply to
today at all so a lot of pundits in
Washington will say things like Tip
O'Neill said all politics is local yeah
all politics was local back when there
was no internet and most people got
their news from
local paper in Rochester all politics is
not local now so oh they're having a
bipartisan committee to investigate this
yes after Watergate he did wonderful
bipartisan committees and they were
actually bipartisan at that point we
didn't have the divisive 'no stood in
have the politics a wash in money we
didn't have congressmen and senators who
basically work for their donors they're
like the racecar drivers with all the
logos on their suits so back then they
actually had opinions and ideology as
sometimes worked across the aisle now
they only do what they're paid to do so
the idea that we're having this Kabuki
theater where reporters in washington
pretend that they could get to a
bipartisan conclusion then anyone think
that devin newness and the republicans
we're gonna go out there and go oh wow
look at this it turns out the evidence
they intelligence officials were right
it turns out that that trump got helped
by the russians in the 2016 election
yeah our party was the guilty ones of
course they weren't gonna say that of
course they weren't this is absolute
garbage useless garbage why is anyone
taking it seriously and by the way one
more thing on it in terms of the timing
when cut why stop the investigation
today the democrats are saying oh we
were gonna call so many more witnesses
that whatever and by the way don't get
me wrong i'm not partisan I don't care
what the Democrats on that committee
concluded either they have deeply
political motors too now they might
happen to be correct but using Adam
Schiff doesn't care about politics he's
like Oh golly gee I'm just doing this
for the country no they both care about
politics they're politicians
snap out of it stop treating them like
they're honest actors they don't give a
damn every one of these committees is
partisan and is supposed to prove a
partisan point like when the reporters
pretend anything otherwise it drives me
nuts now finally in the Trump
administration the veil is being lifted
a little bit but they got a long way to
go so the timing they did it this way
because Muller has not yet talked to
Donald Trump and he might
and he's asking to talk to Donald Trump
and other key witnesses this way Trump
can go what do you mean it's already
been concluded that there was no
collusion the House Intelligence
Committee said so and all last night on
Fox News Sean Hannity go oh we win we
win it's you guys saying you win it's
like saying oh we had a secret
basketball game and I can't tell you
what the score I won't let the other
side to tell you what the score is
in fact the referees have already
reported the score the Intelligence
Committee I'm sorry the intelligence
agencies already said yes they were
trying to help Trump don't listen to
what the refs say I won't let the
Democrats talk but trust me
I won the game because I'm kind of
Awesome yeah you'll excuse me if I don't
trust you so this is so the Trump can
turn around and say no this matter is
concluded
so of course I'm not gonna testify I'm
not gonna talk to Muller and I'm gonna
try to block all the witnesses from
doing that and of course right after the
case this report comes in Trump now he
loves to do big caps but this was a
tweet where everything was all caps so
basically screaming into the Internet
this message the House Intelligence
Committee has after a 14 month long
in-depth investigation found no evidence
of collusion or coordination between the
Trump campaign and Russia to influence
the 2016 presidential election yeah yeah
yeah look yeah that's like your opinion
man there's a guy named Robert Muller
who's called a special council I think
that the evidence he collects is far
more interesting than the Republican
opinion about whether Republican
president included with the Russians or
not and by the way they couldn't even
get all the Republicans on the same
message represented rumi Rooney Tom
Rooney from Florida went on CNN and
basically said oh come on who are we
kidding watch if you're saying yes you
have seen evidence of this but it sounds
like there's disagreement frankly
between Republicans on your committee
welcome exactly where it is if the
Senate again emphasizing the Senate has
intended there's Bob Muller has intended
there's what why are you all ending it
well two things for what I said last
week that we've gone completely off the
rails and now we're just
basically a political forum for people
to leak information to drive the day's
news so we've as use as you alluded to
we've lost all credibility and we're
going to issue probably two different
reports unfortunately look they never
had credibility in the first place for
people that live on planet earth but
fine yeah for the reporters who were
pretending that they had credibility
there is a Republican congressman
telling you on national television
we've lost all credibility ignore these
reports the Republican one and the
Democratic one their partisan hack jobs
are totally useless if you're wondering
why Rooney's allowed to say the truth
he's retiring he's not up for
re-election so you could say what he
wants if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
