qit investigates has broken a good story
or covered a story about the race in
Pennsylvania the special election that's
going on it's Rick's a Cohen versus
Connor lamb secona is the Republican in
the race there's a lot of other press
talking about how secona is not doing
well in fundraising personally now what
they're missing is the bigger picture
about the overall money in the race and
and they independent expenditures and
that's where sir Cohen is doing
excellent and so we want to show you
what the real numbers are and then talk
about why Ciccone is doing well in that
in that regard so as Alec Scott reports
here as of March 12th the top six
outside spending groups in the race have
all sided with Ciccone a counter for ten
point three million dollars or eighty
four percent of the total independent
spending according to a campaign finance
data compiled by Pro Publica so the
outside money is going almost exclusive
to lead to second why well the
incredibly rich companies and people
want more tax cuts they want more
deregulation in Ciccone is their boy and
he will do as instructed so let's give
you more context overall including
campaign spending the race has cost
roughly 16 million dollars for ciccone
outside money as a counter for 94
percent of total spending in his favor
so does he have popular support in the
district that's how a lot of the
right-wing especially in national
politicians paint money in the race like
well he's got popular support no does it
it's not from the district 94% is
outside money they don't care about that
district they care about getting another
congressman who vote for more tax cuts
for the rich more deregulation of their
industries that's why that money is
pouring in by the way do we have a
democracy 16 million dollars for a house
race this is an auction it's not a
democracy so let's look at the people
who are participating in this auction
and buying this particular candidate
since late November Charles Koch whoa
look at that his wife Elizabeth son
chase and Koch Industries have
contributed hundreds of thousands of
dollars to
committee is involved in the
pennsylvania 18 race so the koch
brothers in in all the different ways
that alex explains are pouring money
into this race and the link to the full
article is down below in the description
box if you're watching on youtube or
comment section on facebook you should
always look there for the links to the
stories that we talked about he lays out
all the different ways that the koch
brothers are funneling money into the
race so why well a lot of the Koch
brothers care so much well you're not
going to be surprised it's the same old
story as I've been telling you the Koch
Network pushed hard for the GOP tax cut
bill last year spending twenty million
dollars pressuring lawmakers to give
corporations and the richest Americans
enormous tax breaks and that was money
really well spent that is why they try
to buy politicians like Rick sarcone
because that twenty million dollars is a
drop in the bucket from what they made
from those tax breaks they benefit the
tune of not millions but billions of
dollars the Koch family got billions and
that's before their state tax we're
talking about pass-through income we're
talking about the top rate being lowered
corporate taxes being lowered
traumatically which is gonna a it's
either going to help the Koch Industries
this is the lower corporate tax rate or
through their pass-through entities and
their own personal taxes and then you
get to these state tax billions upon
billions of dollars in savings to the
Koch brothers
so sprinkling in a couple of percentage
points the cheap politicians like Rick
sarcone is actually a good return on
investment perhaps we shouldn't let them
privately finance our elections so that
they don't buy all of our politicians
but in this case it's not working so
well because he's losing the race even
though that is a heavily Republican
district because all the TV ads they're
buying is not working as much anymore
but they keep going that well so more on
why they might want to purchase Rick
sarcone for the cokes and their business
interests are Cohn is a good bet Koch
explains the small government
conservative as touted his support for
the recent tax cuts and outside groups
have bought ads attacking lamb for his
opposition to the cuts and here's what's
a corn
esta Cohen told supporters quote we had
a great tax
bill that we just passed so good pat on
the head for Rick good job good job
keep voting for those tax cuts that are
worth overall trillions of dollars for
the rich and for multinational
corporations so it's not the only issue
they care about again Alec Scotch lays
out of several different issues they
care about including oil and gas
interests which Koch Industries has a
lot of money tied up in those industries
secona is of course in favor of more
fracking and more fossil fuel energy
industries as a win-win for Coke and and
now one more here Sukkot is surely the
better candidate for the coaxes Koch
explains whose corporate conglomerate
includes oil and gas drilling pipelining
chemical businesses Koch Industries has
an abysmal pollution record having had
to pay over seven hundred and thirty six
million dollars in fines for numerous
environmental violations since 2000 the
deregulation is not so that America has
more freedom its deregulation so the
Koch brothers don't have to keep paying
hundreds of millions of dollars in fines
when they pollute the pollution goes
into the air and the water that you and
your kids breathe and drink well that's
inconvenient for them they don't want to
pay those fines they want to be able to
pollute the rivers in the air without
having people bothering them so what do
they do they get it a guy like Chris
OCONUS is altered you want trillions and
tax cuts can do you don't want to
protect the environment or people's kids
or families can do no problem mr. Koch
what else do you need mr. Koch oh you'd
like me to end the unions because the
union's actually stand up for your
workers they collect them together so
they have some sort of leverage over you
guys who have a collective about 85
billion dollars between Charles and
David Koch well no problem attack the
union's attack the workers attack the
people who are receiving wages from Koch
Industries whatever the cokes wants
Ciccone will give to them that is why
they poured in all this money luckily
for the moan being at least it appears
that it's not working very well
tomorrow's election and if you live in
that district you might want to do
something about that but they
is one candidate in the race that is
clearly interested in representing one
family in particular and that is rick
ciccone and Koch Industries the Koch
family overall has to be very pleased
about the policy positions of their
candidate though not pleased that people
aren't buying what they're selling
anymore if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks o every day
