we've recently learned that Donald Trump
does plan to meet with kim jeong-hoon
the dictator of north korea and we have
a few more details about that meeting
although at the moment we don't know
exactly when it'll take place or where
it'll take place now South Korean envoys
announced that Kim told them he is
willing to begin negotiations with the
United States on abandoning nuclear
weapons and that he would suspend all
nuclear and missile tests while engaged
in talks now Sarah Huckabee Sanders says
that Trump will accept the invitation to
meet with Kim jong-un at a place in time
to be determined she also had this to
say take a look this maximum pressure
campaign and this process has been
ongoing since the president first took
office for the first time in a long time
the United States is actually having
conversations from a position of
strength not a position of weakness like
the one that North Korea finds itself in
due to the maximum pressure campaign
look what we know is that the maximum
pressure campaign has clearly been
effective we know that it has put a
tremendous amount of pressure on North
Korea the maximum pressure campaign
we're not letting up we're not gonna
step back or make any changes to that so
the reason why she keeps talking about
the maximum pressure campaign and how
trump is going at it with from a place
of strength is because we know that the
right wing typically argues that you
should never have conversations with we
DIPP lazar terrorists you shouldn't
negotiate with them and it seems as
though Trump is entering diplomatic
talks and so they're kind of having to
you know cover up for some of the
statements that they had previously made
now a senior administrative official
said the following at this point we're
not even talking about negotiations
we're talking what we're talking about
is an invitation by the leader of North
Korea to meet face to face with the
President of the United States and there
are understandably some people who are
skeptical about this considering what
has happened historically with North
Korea now to be clear Trump is the first
sitting president who's agreed to meet
with the new
Korean dictator in the past former
presidents have done so and in the past
North Korea has made promises that they
have reneged on so for instance the 1994
armed framework got North Korea to
freeze its plutonium production for a
time but eventually fell apart during
George Bush's administration after the
US intelligence discovered that North
Korea was secretly pursuing technology
for uranium enrichment program and so
another fear that I am hearing and I
myself have is that Trump's an idiot so
smoothly delivered so III think that you
know diplomatic talks are much better
than then acting like a juvenile on
Twitter however I am a little concern
that Trump will somehow get tricked or
baited into something that could be
disastrous
okay I gotta add Lindsey Graham's quote
tonight because I thought this is the
funniest thing and I'm gonna agree with
Trump in a second so that'll be fun but
Lindsey Graham Republican of South
Carolina says a word of warning to North
Korean president Kim jong-eun the worst
possible thing you can do is to meet
with President Trump in person and try
to play him don't try to play him right
he's gonna mess you up real good if you
do that it will be the end of you and
your regime okay in other words this
hath Carol in her senator thinks the
president's an idiot
yes gonna get played so and he's telling
this actually really young leader of
North Korea who we have no reason to
believe is anything but an idiot hey
listen there's no way you're gonna out
stupid our guy so don't try to play him
okay the rest of us are watching no I
have a different read on it and maybe
I'm wrong but I think that Lindsey
Graham and also Cory Gardner who's also
a senator are setting the stage for
potential war yeah they are yeah we're
both right yeah yeah so the reason why I
think they're pushing for is because get
a load of Cory Gardner's quote he says
the following if the result of this
meeting is not verifiable concrete steps
to dnews
zatia it won't be a failure and the
president is going to be under
tremendous pressure because the new red
line has been set to act and he falls
that up with if a meeting with the
President of the United States doesn't
achieve this result what is left to
diplomacy so let me just yeah let me
just say a couple really important
things here first of all I can't stand
when both established establishment
politicians and establishment media talk
about red lines shut the hell up about
red lines all it does is push us further
towards war but they both like revel in
it like oh right like it's gonna be a
red line if we don't get everything we
want out of these negotiations it's a
red line we've gotta go to war we gotta
go to work across the red line shut off
right and so and Lindsey Graham has in
the past said who cares about the the
Koreans not just North Koreans he said a
life in America's were so much more than
South Korean lives so in other words if
we go to war and like millions of South
Koreans die who cares they're not
Americans we don't value their lives
even though South Korea's one of our top
allies so yes anagh they are
bloodthirsty war mongers but also the
only other reason to say don't play him
is because you think Trump's an idiot
Yeah right you he would have never said
that about Dick Cheney there Cheney and
his mind wouldn't get played right
nobody had to warn people not to play
Obama cuz they know he's smart
right so it's both things are true now
so what why do I agree with Trump look
am i naive do I not realize that this is
partly deflection on his part of course
it is he's got a world of trouble here
the Muller investigation stormy Daniels
the chaos in the White House everybody's
leaving panic after panic so he go comes
out and makes a bold statement
everybody's like oh well squirrel right
hey so I know that that's part of the
strategy here but nonetheless we should
talk to our enemies
because talking to your friends doesn't
do any good you're already friends in
order to have peace you must talk to
your enemies even if they are terrible
people like the leaders of North Korea
they have concentration camps for their
people we're not on
where that even if their perpetual Liars
but on that front you'll never outline
our guy okay and so and for all the
times they renege I'm not unaware that
I'm perfectly aware of that but
nonetheless talking is better than not
talking this idiotic conservative idea
of no me no talk to any me me right
about everything
me draw a red line no no no so Trump's
gonna go talk to them I don't care for
what reason god bless go forward who
knows maybe the two idiots will get in a
room and hey go hey we're just like each
other and maybe they'll get a peace deal
it's unlikely but it's better than not
trying tonight yeah can I say two things
the first thing is that North Korea it
was interesting when they agreed to that
framework before to freeze his plutonium
production and but then it fell apart
during the George Bush administration
because the George Bush intelligence
community said that they found out they
were cheating I don't know if there's
ever been an intelligence failure during
the Bush administration but I'm guessing
maybe that was one if so the number two
thing is North Korea has wanted to end
their nuclear program for a while
they've offered to end their nuclear
program and we keep turning them down
last someone Barack Obama turned them
down and their demand was hey could you
quit doing war games with b1 bombers off
our coast I would really appreciate it
and Barack Obama said go pounce and
we're not gonna stop doing that and so
they were like okay well we see what you
did in Libya we see what you did in Iraq
and we're gonna try to keep getting our
nuclear weapon and so that's what's been
going on and I think it's a really good
chance that Trump actually does pull
this off and get them to agree to
dismantle their nuclear because they've
been wanting to for a while so one I
want to know how Trump's gonna respond
when he finds out that talking to your
enemies was Obama's idea because that
was what Obama said with Iran what he
wanted to do is open up diplomatic
relations with your enemy that's that's
Obama's idea I hate to break it to you
also typically what happens the reason
that sitting presidents haven't ever met
with that leader North Korea Clinton was
about to at the end of his term but the
North Korean leader backed out of a
promise it found out they backed out of
it and so the idea was
that meeting with the president of the
United States is a way for North Korean
leaders to elevate their image to be
able to see the two next to each other
the difference is in previous situations
the president of the United States
hasn't viewed a meeting with a North
Korean leader as a way to elevate his
own image and that's that's what Trump
is doing he sees this as a way to do
something that no one else has done
without questioning why no one else has
done it and I will say this the
fundamental dynamic of North Korean
sanctions is we levy sanctions against
them they have either some actor they
have some act of contrition we go back
to the negotiating table not sending the
sitting president we said a former one
or some diplomat and then we ease
sanctions and then once the food runs
out the North Koreans start rattling
their sabers and then they we reveal
that there's some other way they've
enriched plutonium and then we get mad
again
and then we levy more sanctions and it
just goes in circles and the only
difference is who we sent and what we
said to them and in this situation Trump
thinks he's gonna make some grand new
breakthrough when in reality this is
just the part where we send some
diplomat to talk to the head of North
Korea and the final thing I'll say is
it's very possible to me that the all of
the escalation that we saw recently in
terms of developing nuclear weapons was
just so the North Koreans could
participate in the freakin Olympics
these guys thought it was so awesome
then you know Dennis Rodman came to
visit they use their their nuclear
arsenal as a bargaining chip to gain
credibility not not abroad but at home
so they can say that they went and did
what they could do and they keep
everything in line it's very tenuous but
I think that who knows but to be able to
show that picture to everyone and not
have to photoshop it anymore when they
put it on whatever closed-circuit
television they run 24/7 there and is
used and they've used you know
terroristic threats as a bargaining chip
for the previous Olympics
with the grenade in the movie being like
new yeah IIIi understand all that and
look guys so we want to criticize Trump
it's super easy and on this one for
example he said when they asked them is
this for negotiations because his White
House is saying it's not negotiations
because if it's considered negotiations
and they and they don't achieve any
results it'll seem like a failure but
Trump's an idiot doesn't know that so
when they asked her if it's negotiations
he says quote it's almost beyond that oh
no don't do that and then he says if the
negotiations go well quote hopefully you
will give me credit oh oh yeah okay now
having said that guys I depart I don't
agree with it I want to be clear about
this is like so they want credibility
okay but what are we were playing
nonsense games whether we give them
credibility or not they control North
Korea period
it's like Hamas I will not recognize
Israel okay it's right there right so it
says such a stupid diplomatic game and I
normally I love diplomacy I believe in
diplomacy that's why I think Trump
should go but these things were they're
like no technically we will not
recognize you in and you you want
credibility but they already have North
Korea yeah they already have it so we
might as well at least negotiate and try
to do something with it there's an
element of also we just told South Korea
to go eff itself when it came to steel
and the current president of South Korea
ran on a platform of de-escalating
tension with North Korea and won and so
that is like maybe a bargaining chip I
do think that the thing that takes
priority is Trump trying to get be the
first one to do something and he wants
to reinforce the notion that he's a
great negotiators right thing that
obviously we're very skeptical about you
just have to be able to offer some
better set up within to North Korea than
the fact that they can shoot off a
missile and everyone's afraid to die
yeah yeah good luck by the way how did
they get Trump to agree to the meeting
the South Korean national security
office had no but he he said to him they
said we have to thank Trump for his
leadership and
maximum pressure policy and together
with international solidarity it brought
the parties to the verge of talks in
other words he was like Oh Donald Trump
you're so good with your maximum
pressure policy Trump's like yes okay
what do you need me to do and yes they
want to ease the steel tariffs he's like
we can talk about that how about how
bigger my hands they're big aren't they
right and you want me to do talks with
the North Koreans done but nonetheless
it is the right thing to do if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
calm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
