Big Pharma has been spending big bucks
on their lobbyists very recently trying
to prevent Congress from taking action
to stop their price gouging we know it's
it's out of control but so far it isn't
working in the American citizens
apparently are getting sick and tired of
paying ridiculous markup prizes now this
is this is an incredible story because
most of the time the American public has
fallen right behind certainly Congress
has has always fallen right behind the I
do
poor pharma industry they have to do all
this research and development they have
to pay out all this money let me talk
first of all they're those let me talk
about those myths a the research and
development you know in if it's 12%
that's extraordinary sometimes they like
to say it's as high as 20%
the real outlay you see on in that MSNBC
ABC advertising at night where you watch
you're watching the news and you see
nine pharma commercials right telling
you the theory you know your legs are
restless that you you know you can't
sleep you got erectile dysfunction
sports yeah it is it's so humid us so
they're spending all that money that
they want to say oh we're poor us we're
having to do research and development
that's the first part of it second part
most of the most of the research and
development doesn't even come from the
pharmaceutical industry it comes from
the National Health Organization it
comes from universities taxpayers have
already paid for all this and then all
that happens is they swoop in they make
it into a cash cow drug and they fly out
of their CEOs make a ton of money
they don't do any kind of really
meaningful clinicals as far as safety
anymore they don't have to they they
simply don't have they make ten billion
dollars on a drug if it kills a few
people they pay out a billion dollars
and they go home with nine nine billion
so it's a real good deal for me but this
story what I love about this story I'm
not sold on this by the way I'm not
completely which part but that well it
this comes from the hill the parts
saying that that that that they're
losing pharma is losing where it comes
to telling their story oh poor pitiful
me what is your take on this I don't
think they're losing my god their mark
they're marketable 7,000 Percy gonna do
is look at their earnings per share the
stock prices you didn't go up so I mean
there's no way that that big farm is
losing me that's ludicrous you just
gotta look at at the profits and the
market capitalization they're hardly
losing and no one no one questions
whether they may need a solid return
based on the drugs they make but at the
end of the day you can't no no no no I'm
not saying but at the end of the day
there's got to be some rationalization
some correlation between the price of
the drug and what they've spent it's no
different say hurricanes coming I mean
at the end of the day you and I both
live in hurricane now you got a
hurricane coming we had a home depot and
and in Lowe's everyone else can't can't
jack up the prices of plywood to protect
your doors you can't jack up the prices
of gas but you can jack up the prices of
farmers there's something that can save
your life it's okay to price couch but
the plywood you stick on the door or the
gas that you use you run your generator
that's illegal
out you can price guard when price gouge
when it comes to saving or why every
time Congress has been asked why don't
you just make why don't you do the same
thing with pharma that you do for the VA
and that is under no circumstances may
you charge more than this price right
men are no certainties
okay so do you know how many times in
the last in the last three years this
has come up in one form or another at
least four or five times that I don't
remember far it's come up to where
Congress has asked to set some standards
go ahead and give us the ceiling let me
tell you something I'd you know this is
something I specialize in is suing
pharmaceutical companies that kill
people with dangerous products I you
know it's what I've done for 30 years in
there I've been able to take depositions
over the years everywhere from you know
most of time we have to end up going to
Europe to take the depositions because
they hide behind the fact that the
companies in Europe and they won't give
a deposition unless you go to Europe so
you go to Europe yes if the last three
pharmaceutical cases that I've handled
taking deposition I always ask the
question why is it that you charge $20
for a pill over here in Germany right
but you for that same pill you charge a
hundred and fifty dollars in the United
States what's the answer the answer is
because we can because government says
well there they let us therefore we can
they don't even hide behind that anymore
they don't even hide behind oh gee they
are and these difference really is
embarrassing I may at the end of the day
I mean what would they dump so much
money into lobbyists there's so much
pressure in in DC that the pharma
controls what decisions are being made
that we allow Big Pharma to take
advantage of the American public and no
one takes a step to protect them what
they're doing here Peter this is this is
the ugly part of this story to this this
story talks about the idea that they're
trying to confuse the American public by
saying they'll come out with an ad
they've got these ads series that you're
going to be seen in the next few weeks
it's called share the savings as part of
their ad series or the other series is
called let's talk about cost now what
they do with this is they make it so
damn confusing as they're doing the
segment they try to say they do it they
30-second spot and at the end of 30
seconds they try to blame they try to
blame bureaucrats they try to blame
hospitals they blame the insurance
industry and they say well that's the
problem
you know what that you know what the the
actual landing line on that should be
they uniquely and only them control the
right to reduce cost of pharmaceuticals
okay when Valiant you remember the story
value right Valiant was caught they were
raising pharmaceutical prices seven
thousand and eight thousand percent
right on life-saving drugs and in
between the time that they first started
doing that and somebody would object
they'd say oh well that's because of
insurance it's because of government
involvement the government's really
responsible for this what they really
found out if they had to admit that yes
none of that really matters we can we
can we can lower our number today we can
go from 7,000 percent that back down to
10% for the day why don't they and that
begs
question of why they do but where does
that money end up at the end of the day
and I think this is what's fasting so
you got some senior management and how
do they get paid
you've heard me talk about this trapeze
they get paid with stock options that's
where most of the money comes so blindly
they are going to maximize profit why
because they want to drive the stock
prices up now what is a stock option
stock options mr. CEO gets paid some
small salary but his big bonus pop is
all tied to the stock price so he says I
can buy the stock price at 40 but if you
can drive the price of the stock up to
eighty or ninety or hundred he buys the
stock at forty and then sells at 80 or
90 or hundred so the the senior
management of these pharma companies
want to drive up profits and just
insanely and artificially as much as
humanly possible so they can exercise
their options and capture what's called
the spread so if we would change that
and say you can't you cannot make you
can't have so much your compensation
Tigers easy Congress could do that
tomorrow this stuff go away okay but
here's one of the problems we're talking
about Congress those greedy little
freaks this this is an industry that
spends a lot you know about two billion
dollars a year spreading money around
right so I mean you're never gonna have
Cory Booker remember Cory Booker comes
out the issue comes up in front of Cory
Booker who's gone by the way another
potential presidential candidate he
comes out and says I can't support
forcing Pharma to reduce their prices do
you remember this and I do and everybody
asked Cory Booker what are you talking
about Cory Booker goes back to the
argument oh it's Rd somebody shows him
no it's not RDR deniz about 12% the rest
goes to advertising he still takes the
position that he's going to support Big
Pharma because they've given Cory Booker
he's their boy they'd give him so much
