new report by the Electronic Frontier
Foundation found that the FBI was
working with members of the Geek Squad
at Best Buy in order to catch
individuals who had child pornography on
their computers so the idea here was
that if someone had computer issues and
the Geek Squad was working on that
computer issue the FBI would pay members
of the Geek Squad to turn in that person
if they had pornographic child
pornography on that computer so this is
a little bit of an issue because of
course the FBI any law enforcement
should have a warrant before going
through anyone's computer and in this
case the Geek Squad essentially worked
as an arm of the FBI because they were
informants the FBI paid Best Buy Geek
Squad employees as informants rewarding
them for flagging indecent material when
people brought their computers in for
repair so how did this case even come
about well of course it involved one
specific individual who fought back his
name is Mark Retton Maher he's from
Orange County California a physician and
surgeon he took his computer in for
repair when it wouldn't boot up now he
faced child pornography charges after a
Geek Squad employee flagged his computer
to the FBI so he had child pornography
on his computer that's obviously an
issue but here's the thing if you obtain
evidence in an unlawful way that
evidence gets thrown out in court and
that's exactly what happened here
a federal judge threw out almost all the
evidence because of false and misleading
statements an FBI agent made in an
affidavit to get a search warrant for
the defendants house so again it it
doesn't even lead to the results that
the FBI would want because they're
obtaining this evidence in an unlawful
fashion so a couple of issues here
look everybody wants the guys looking at
child porn to get caught but you can't
let that cloud your judgment on how we
run justice in this country we've got to
abide by the United States Constitution
so and this is actually a pretty good
case showing you why if you don't the
trouble that it can create so they catch
a couple people on child porn great okay
but there the FBI is asking them the
flag indecent material all right where
is your line on indecent material and
then the question is are they
if the doesn't just pop up on the
computer and they're like oh well I'd
saw there's nothing I can't unsee it I'm
gonna report it or are they going
fishing and in the case that Ana was
telling you about they went to a
different part of this computer that had
nothing to do with fixing it to go find
that stuff why the FBI is paying 500
bucks a pop so now you have incentivized
every person that you're working with at
the Geek Squad to go fishing look at all
parts of the computer to see if you
could find anything on this person who
asked you for help
okay this is supposed to be a private
corporation whose job it is to help you
with your computer instead they're
looking to entrap you and so totally
unacceptable not even close and then
after they give them that evidence the
FBI then goes and gets a warrant and
then tears your place that's right
exactly so so the way in which they
obtain that warrant is is not valid
because they can't do that they can't
tell Geek Squad employees we'll give you
money if you fish around and you find
indecent material so Best Buy has
responded to this and Best Buy has said
look if in the process of fixing the
computer our employees come across child
pornography they have not only a moral
obligation but in 20 states in the u.s.
they have a legal or yeah legal
obligation to come forward but
understand that you know this case is
different because the employees
implicated in this case or in these
cases essentially went through the
consumers computers in order to find the
indecent material and Best Buy said
three out of four employees don't work
there anymore
and the fourth employee was reprimanded
and reassigned because they took money
so if you're taking money to try to find
incriminating stuff on people's
computers who trusted you to fix it
that's obviously a problem for Best Buy
all this a huge problem for Best Buy
because at this point you know how many
other informants is the FBI
inside the Geek Squad and do you trust
your computer to be handed over to them
so Best Buy has got to be in a bit of a
panic here in terms of what it does to
its customers and and look one last
thing they find the child porn we've got
to follow the right procedure but
nobody's broken up about the defendants
in those cases right right but with the
government this slope always slips right
we just did a story about how the cops
used tasers they were supposed to use
them initially in in in place of
shooting someone now they just use them
willy-nilly
whenever the defendant whenever the guy
is not listening to him right right so
it starts with child porn whichever is
like yeah go get the sons of bitches
right and then all of a sudden it's
indecent material and all of a sudden
they're fishing all of your computer to
find any kind of dirt on you so you're I
usually don't like slippery slope
arguments but I think in this case
you're absolutely right I mean we see it
with the NSA for instance and what
Edward Snowden leaked to the public I
mean they were just indiscriminately
spying on all of us every single one of
us with you know no probable cause and
collecting metadata on us so government
overreach in that regard is already you
know there's precedent for that now with
that said though what I find interesting
is every job has rules right every job
requires you to conduct your work
ethically and to follow certain rules so
for instance in our case we could make
up super scandalous salacious stories
and probably increase our views but
we're making up stories you can't do
that right that is a fireable offense
why is it that with law enforcement in
this case the FBI they do something
unlawful you need a warrant to search
people but oh now they got caught let's
focus on the Best Buy employees and
whether or not there were consequences
for them but for the FBI did they get
punished for this guy whoever child porn
goes off exactly yes so I'm not sure I'm
happy about that
but the guys who started the problem in
the first place the FBI of course
they're the people in power so no
ramifications until Trump hears this
story then he'll probably use it like oh
your FBI knew it I bet you that
we cave / Hillary Clinton made them do
it okay
but you know guys I actually do have one
last point about this site because I
think it's important for all the people
they didn't find child porn on that
didn't mean that doesn't mean they
didn't go through your computer and look
at all your porn anyway right right or
look at all the other your your finances
your I don't know if you've got medical
information on your computer I don't
know what kind of info you have
basically FBI told these guys go look
rummage through their whole computer and
so they know all that embarrassing stuff
about you because the FBI was paying
them in case they could find something
illegal in your computer that's a
terrible idea and a horrible invasion of
privacy you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
