thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the trump
administration is lucid loosening even
more regulations this time on how much
radiation is safe for you to be exposed
to that sounds ridiculous it sounds like
the beginning of a Marvel movie like
clearly this is some sort of
supervillain who wants you to be sprayed
with gamma radiation but no it's
actually happening but don't worry
they're not just changing the radiation
they actually have a sort of silver
lining on this and in this particular
case I guess I was gonna say that
they're sort of gas lighting you about
why but it's actually radiation gas
leaving you on why they need to do this
so as it stands right now pre regulation
change the government's current
decades-old guidance says that any
exposure to harmful radiation is a
cancer risk and I looked into why they
say that that's because that is true and
that is what scientists say if you're
exposed to more radiation even by the
way purposefully consensually CT scans
things like that it raises the chance of
a number of different types of cancers
affecting you that is just what happens
when you're exposed to radiation but
they have found people to testify for
them that don't believe any of that
stuff so in this case we have lead
witness Edward Calabresi
who's going to talk to Congress him and
his supporters argue that small
exposures to cell damaging radiation and
other carcinogens can serve as stressors
that activate the body's repair
mechanisms and can make people healthier
they compare it to physical exercise or
sunlight they do that because they're
insane that's like saying well sure if I
stab you in the heart that's me but that
would be bad but what if I just poked
you with a knife a little bit that'll
release some of the bad blood don't
think I'm joking this is actually what
there's two hits you fire it up again Oh
yep you have to turn off of turn off
your common sense sensors to point out
the things that people openly saying to
folks now you know when you go to the
dentist I'm gonna we just talked about
the nest and they do some x-rays you
know they throw across your whole chest
and almost your face this
really big heavy flak jacket feeling
things you like Jesus is heavy because
there's this thing called radiation that
they're pumping in into the room and
they want to make sure they protect you
as much as possible so if this is so
true had they gone to all the dentists
offices around the country yet and been
like you know you guys you know to
purchase any more of those big heavy
radiation jackets just leave them to the
side cuz you can tell your dental
patients hey if you get some if you get
some good radiation on your teeth those
cavities are gonna are just gonna seal
up on their own because that's your
superpower now exactly look it's it's
ridiculous it's insulting and it's
particularly insulting that now this is
the EPA doing this because the EPA has
been turned into a zombie version of
itself it is no longer there to protect
you from the environment it is to
protect corporations from any sort of
regulations that the EPA has set up in
the past and they will they will go to
comical lengths to save corporations
money but they will at least admit what
they're doing you know okay so they say
that radiation is like physical exercise
or sunlight and I guess technically
sunlight is a form of radiation there is
radiation in it that's true but it's not
good for you
also sunlight causes cancer so that's a
particularly bad analogy what they're
making there I don't know what he's
thinking - the sunscreen the sunscreen
Corporation of America oh yeah then I
make any money off this sunscreen
because the people on the Sun no one
thinks I'm gonna put something on to him
this might give me cancer yeah well you
know what else it'll do Edward Calabrese
II that same person toxicologists at the
University of Massachusetts says that
this change would have a positive effect
on human health as well as save billions
and billions and billions of dollars but
don't get excited
it's not saving you any money it is
saving corporations money because in
many different sectors they have to
spend money to stop radiation leaks and
from both regular people customers but
primarily workers from being exposed to
radiation in a number of different ways
they don't want to spend that money
anymore
so the Trump administration comes to the
rescue takes away the regulations they
will no longer have to do that and look
if a bunch of working-class Americans
get cancer and die well their profits to
think of all they gotta do is go get
their universal health care and get it
taken care of lickety-split cheap and
free Oh
well but also again it comes to people
who are paying these representatives to
do this type of stuff so then explosion
accidents nuclear plant accidents all
the stuff that happens once they're
exposed to is that's a small amount that
then you say is okay yeah it's it
doesn't make any sense and it fits into
like look I have been doing everything I
can to make sure that we check in on all
of these changes that are being done at
the EPA environmental regulations this
is just the latest in a long string of
things that are making the country
effectively more dangerous for you in
the surface of corporate profits
they've already targeted a range of
other regulations on toxins and
pollutants including coal power plant
emissions car exhaust also dumping and
streams methane emissions the list goes
on and on effectively in every way that
they can if it makes a single cent more
for shareholders they're willing to
expose you to a number of different
toxins of both the radioactive and
carcinogenic of varieties by the way I
don't even know why I'm going to say
this it's not necessary but what he's
saying about radiation of course is not
true the National Council on radiation
protection and measurements conducted a
review of 29 different public health
studies on cancer rates among people
exposed to exactly the sort of low-dose
radiation that he is advocating for 20
of the 29 studies directly support the
principle that even low dose exposures
caused a significant increase in cancer
rates nuns supported the theory that
there is some safe threshold for
radiation if they had evidence of that
they would present it they do not
because there is no evidence they are
simply willing to have more Americans
get cancer so the corporations can make
more money and but to be fair these
corporations once they get those
billions and billions and billions of
dollars saved what they do is they give
it out to the you know they pay the
workers great wages they pay their fair
share of taxes and the economy rises up
more jobs are created everyone's healthy
and happy and no one dies that's not
true because it was also Summit's I mean
when there was I think ahead I wish I
had the deep exact details cuz I just
remembered with some head of
corporations someone who was a CEO of a
company and they were asking would you
live near this power plant that you own
and operate it's like hell no you
kidding me
cuz you better keep that stuff away from
me in my kids my kids don't deserve this
yeah and it was like this moment of
truthfulness for a second about
they don't want to live next to it
somehow that their exposure to they
didn't want to become x-men but as long
as you become excellent and it's all
good you spring some wings and fly
that's cool for you yeah but then for us
we don't we're too good for that like
what you see click this subscribe button
below and don't forget to ring the bell
to never miss another video from the
Young Turks
