Rex Tillerson is our secretary of state
he was the former CEO of ExxonMobil and
I've been telling you for a long time
that he was put in to that position
because of a deal that the Russian
government cared a lot about it was a
deal between Ross theft which is the
huge oil and gas company in Russia and
ExxonMobil they were going to explore a
portion of Russian and mainly this
ceases you'll see in a second
above Russia and and it was a half a
trillion dollar deal on paper it the
proceeds were supposed to net out the
revenue overall from the oil that they
would get their nine trillion dollars
absorb that number that is not 9 million
that is not 9 billion that is 9 trillion
so that's a lot of money at stake and
and why Russia cares so much about this
so that's why Donald Trump out of
nowhere picked the CEO of ExxonMobil to
be our Secretary of State which makes no
sense at all so they wanted to lift the
sanctions so I saw Mobil could go
forward with that deal with the rose
snap now it didn't work out because
Congress said hell no Senate for example
voted 98 to 2 to maintain those
sanctions and even add more sanctions on
top now Trump has not been has not put
the new sanctions into place
but he can't lift the old sanctions so
those are still in place but then the
second thing happened oil prices dropped
making that really expensive exploration
not as worth it economically as it used
to be so today the news is Exxon Mobil
has cancelled that deal which is going
to lead to my prediction in a second but
first let me give you the full context
here go to The Wall Street Journal mr.
Tillison touted the agreement as a
breakthrough giving Exxon access to one
of the world's greatest unexplored oil
and gas bases this was back when they'd
made the deal the company reportedly
spent about seven hundred million
dollars to drill the first well likely
making it the most expensive ever struck
oil according to Ross neft
but further exploration was halted
because of US sanctions imposed by the
Obama administration following Russia's
intervention in Ukraine in 2014 in case
you were wondering why Russia supports
Donald Trump in the Republican Party and
not the Democrats both Obama and Hillary
Clinton were in favor of those sanctions
and the Russians had nine trillion
reasons why they didn't want the
Democrats in charge in America so now
why does Exxon care so much for similar
reasons the joint venture between Exxon
and rose NEFT
included exploration in the Cara Sea as
well as other collaborative efforts in
Russia and in the u.s. Exxon funded the
exploration work entirely earning a 33.3
stake in any discoveries so if they were
gonna have nine trillion in revenue I
can do the quick math for you on that
that's three trillion dollars on the
line so everybody that was involved in
that deal desperately wanted that deal
to go through
hence a lot of the drama that we have
seen about Trump and the Russian
collusion I believe so
but now I saw saying we're done we can't
reverse a 98 to 2 vote from the Senate
besides which at this at these oil
prices not worth it so the company said
it would formally begin to withdraw from
the roastin F joint ventures this year
taking a two hundred million dollar loss
after taxes so look two hundred million
dollars a significant that's painful and
that's why they didn't want to let it go
but given the amount of money they could
have made it's a drop in the bucket
so they just cut their losses at this
point but they could come back to it and
in fact the Russians in the Wall Street
Journal article kept saying no no no you
never know you never know we were open
to doing it again and you know I
wondered it so you might have wondered
why didn't the Russians just do a deal
with someone else why do they want to
bother going into so much trouble and
making sure there's a recent story that
just came out a couple of days ago about
how the Russia's apparently back channel
to trump this is what Muller is
investigating at least that they did not
want mit romney as Secretary of State
he had had some tough rhetoric against
Russia they wanted their friend and and
that is literal Rex Tillerson is a
friend of Vladimir Putin has gotten a
medal from him is a very good friend of
the guy who runs Ross Neff they go they
used to go biking together featuring him
on bicycles going up a hill motorcycles
anyway
and and so they wanted their friend in
that position to lift the sanctions
again that didn't work out but why Exxon
well experts say it is unlikely that
roastin eft will be able to find another
company able to step into Exxon's role
either due to European sanctions or a
lack of technical capabilities to drill
offshore wells so one more piece of
context on that Russia's federal budget
relies on oil and gas sales for around
one third of its revenues without
technology from partners such as Exxon
Russia will struggle to access those
resources so if you're wondering why
Russia went through all that effort I
told you 9 trillion but look it's a
third of their federal budget it is
gigantic what wouldn't you do for a
third of your federal budget and that is
why I believe and I have maintained from
day one that that is what all this
collusion is about it's not about
trifling twitter impressions and 21
tumblr accounts this was the deal they
were concerned about so now as usual I
have a fun prediction for you guys and I
will say it ahead of time and you'll get
to see if I'm right or wrong
I believe Rex Tillerson will leave the
administration very soon so tick-tock
tick-tock
now that the Exxon Mobil deal is not
going to happen with Ross left he has no
reason to say the whole point of him
going there was to do lift the sanctions
and do this deal now they're gonna start
handing out indictments soon at the
Trump White House anyone with two bits
of sense is running for the hills hope
Hicks is gone McMasters leaving
obviously Garrett Cohen just left
everybody had a different agenda Garrick
hones agenda was passed trillions of
dollars in tax cuts for the rich and for
huge corporations like Goldman Sachs
where he worked Rex Tillerson wanted
huge deals for example where he worked
now that he's not gonna get that he's
gonna leave and at the time they will
say oh no his he you don't want to spend
more time with his family and he
disagreed with Trump on some trifling
issue that's not really the issue at
hand but he is gone
he's gone because exons not doing the
deal anymore this is how corruption
works you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become
member tea white tea network.com slash
join
