so Eric Prince is the former head of
Blackwater he wants the government to do
to privatize Porsches the military and
the intelligence services and by the way
in the last budget bill they did not the
military part but the intelligence
services they provided a blackops budget
that would go to private mercenaries and
Eric prince is the one that has been
lobbying for that he's also the brother
of Betsy DeVos who was education
secretary he's also part of the family
that was one of the biggest donors to
Donald Trump and his 2016 campaign so
when he met with some very important
Russian officials in a tiny island
called sea shells in the middle of the
ocean I thought that's curious and that
was during the transition period well
turns out that that might have been for
a back-channel communications of the
Russians exactly as we suspect it and I
talked about on this show at the time so
we're gonna show you that clip in a
second but let me give you some
background in January 2017 so again as
part of the transition time Eric Prince
the founder of the private security
company Blackwater met with a Russian
official close to Russian President
Vladimir Putin and later described a
meeting to congressional investigators
as a chance encounter that was not a
planned discussion of us-russia
relations now let me show you how
amusing that is I'll show you a map of
where sea shells island is yeah Eric
prince deeply connected to Donald Trump
happened to be off the coast of Africa
and this random island in the middle of
the ocean
hello behold so is what a Putin's top
henchman what a wonderful hilarious
coincidence come on now when the story
of that meeting was first reported
almost a year ago I had this to say
about it so let me get this right
Eric Prince there's a secret meeting
with the Russians in Seychelles Islands
and at the same time we've got Russian
banks and the other part of the divorce
family that Eric Prince is part of
pinging this Trump server in the middle
of Pennsylvania and you think those
things are not connected
I Got News for you they are
significantly connected now the question
that will could change history and I'm
not using hyperbole here I mean it
literally is can they prove it well it
turns out robert muller the special
counsel is now looking into if they are
in fact connected and in fact is part of
the deal so one more context and amusing
denials here last year prince told
lawmakers and the news media that his
seashells meeting with a carol dimitri
of the head of the russian government
controlled wealth fund was an unplanned
unimportant encounter that came about by
chance because he happened to be at a
luxury hotel in the Indian Ocean island
nation with officials from the United
Arab Emirates that's another funny part
of the story the UAE brokered the deal
apparently the guy named Georgia Nader
that I'm going to tell you about in a
second and so they've got incredibly
important people from the UAE government
you got Eric Prince and according to
other witnesses he represented himself
as the Trump envoy at that meeting
meeting with the head of the global
wealth fund for the Russians and he says
of all the bars to walk into in the
middle of the Indian Ocean they happen
to walk into mine who is naive enough to
believe that that was an actual quinces
that's preposterous okay so we find out
today in the Washington Post special
counsel robert muller has gathered
evidence that a secret meeting in
seashells just before the inauguration
of donald trump was an effort to
establish a back-channel between the
incoming administration and the kremlin
hmm so how did they get this evidence
well there's a lot of different ways
they could have gotten it but one guy is
george nader a wealthy businessman from
the Middle East who brokers these kind
of deals and meetings so George nadir a
Lebanese American businessman who helped
organize an attended seashells meeting
has testified on the matter before a
grand jury gathering evidence about the
discussions between Trump transition
team and the emissaries of the Kremlin
if Nader was in the meetings where they
actually discussed the back-channel
deliberations and how the Trump
administration was secretly talk to the
Kremlin and Nader testified about it
good night Irene but we don't know
because this secret it's part of the
grand troop jury proceeding so we know
that they've got somebody who was there
and he has testified ok we're nearing
the endgame here guys
investigators now suspect the seashells
meeting may have been one of the first
efforts to establish such a line of
communications between the two
governments these people set Nader's
account is considered key evidence but
not the only evidence about what
transpired and sea shells according to
people familiar with the matter ok well
if they've got a number of different
kinds of evidence on that there the
Trump administration is in even bigger
trouble if you're wondering well it's
the big deal the Russians and the
Americans we communicate we communicate
with the Canadians the Chinese there's
official communication lines but those
are monitored they wanted unmonitored
unofficial communication but the rest of
the US government didn't know about gee
I wonder why I wonder if it was to do
perfectly legal things that they could
have done under normal channels or to
perhaps do things that they didn't want
monitored because they were not so
illegal
come on this is so obvious it's so
obvious ok anyway let's finish up here
Nader by the way not related as far as I
know to Ralph Nader who would be deeply
embarrassed about all this anyway George
Nader and the seashells meeting are also
of interest to molars team as it
examines whether any foreign money or
assistance fueled the Trump campaign and
how Trump officials during the
transition and early days of the
administration communicated with foreign
officials particularly Russians look
I've always maintained that I think that
the Russian interference in the election
is very important as it relates to them
getting into the voter registration
rolls they didn't get into the votes but
that would be the next step but I'm very
concerned about that I am not that
concerned about Twitter trolls that they
had or 21 tumblr accounts that they had
and so the Russians funneling money into
the election there was another story out
about how they funneled 10 million today
an array
then gave it to trump that would be
problematic that's a significant issue
foreign interference and money being
funneled which is illegal you cannot
have foreign money in our elections but
overall I don't think that's why Hillary
Clinton lost the election I think she
was a terrible candidate there were many
reasons why she lost election I'm not
worried about that nearly as much as I
am about does Donald Trump have a secret
deal with them maybe relating into the
sanctions being lifted for the exxon
mobil Rosneft deal that was the original
idea I believe back then but whatever
the the particulars of that deal might
be does he have a deal where he is
asking the Russians for what to do when
he's our president that is massively
problematic and of course would and
should cost them the presidency would
but probably won't I should say should
but probably won't get him jail time but
it's not the investigation has not
concluded and if it turns out I'm wrong
and they just happen to run into each
other at seashells and have a drink and
they talked about fantasy football and
went home okay then
Malraux find out and those witnesses
will tell him if it turns out that I was
right about it and by the way if I'm
wrong about it I'll come out here and
I'll tell you guys hey sorry I thought
it was a secret deal but it turns out it
wasn't my bad if it turns out it was a
secret deal and Trump was getting notes
from the Russians
for what to do with American policy I'm
sure that everyone will also come back
and apologize to us saying our bad you
were right all along I'm sure that'll
happen right what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
