now this is an interview I'm really
excited by it's Gayle Jordan and I think
you're like her when you meet her
and Timmy Gayle is a real American I'm
going to explain why first Gayle welcome
thank you
so Gayle you are a character so first of
all you've been called a dangerous
atheist you you've got Republicans
saying I love this quote in my 40 years
plus in politics I've seen few
candidates as dangerous as Gayle Jordan
that's from the Lieutenant Governor
apparently in Tennessee apparently yes
so I can't white wait to find out how
dangerous you are but you also have an
interesting background
you're an Ironman competitor you've got
a small farm farm in Rutherford County
you raise longhorn cattle goats donkeys
and chickens that's me and you decided
to attend law school at 50 years old
that's it that's right
wow that's a life and a half so are you
a lawyer now I am I am I became a lawyer
in 2015 mm-hmm okay
so then you thought why not get into
politics while I'm at it sure sure why
not get into politics Tennessee we have
a Republican super majority here in
Tennessee very very rural very
Republican area and and the Republicans
have been in control for about eight
years
complete control so there are so many
voices there are so many progressive
liberal voices in Tennessee whose ideas
are not getting out and I know that in
order to run for office you have to have
a big mouth and a thick skin and I have
both and so I decide for this seat in
2016 and I did about as well as every
other Democrat in Tennessee this is an
area that Trump won by about 50 points
and so this became the seat became
available became an open seat when the
Republican in this seat took a trump
appointment in agriculture so now it's
an open seat and election day is Tuesday
so now this is a state Senate seat in
Tennessee in the 14th district now they
say
they you you can't win because you're an
atheist sure and well in Tennessee's
literally against the law although it's
an unconstitutional law so tell us why
you think you can win because the the
voices that haven't been heard the
Democratic voices understand that being
an atheist isn't is not it's not
disqualifying we all understand here
what freedom of religion is we
understand that that's the foundation of
our country and I have had the most
positive experience this is a highly
religious area and even my Christian
supporters are trying to explain to
other folks what the true meaning of
freedom of religion is you know I'm an I
advertise that that's I'm an advocate of
religious freedom if my opponents
religious freedom were under attack I'd
be first in line to be able to defend
that and so we I know the statistics
about an atheist holding office bla bla
bla but we have found that that's that
may be true somewhere it may not be true
here we have had so much positive
support and there have been so many
voices that have spoken out including
Republican voices because of the because
of the Tennessee Republican Party's
attack on religious liberty and Gail I'm
curious did you consider hiding the fact
that you were an atheist when you were
gonna run um I have been an atheist for
about 10 years I was a religious person
for about 45 years chanc and when my
children reached their teenager hood and
they began asking me questions I had
raised them in church we were all
believers I had four children real close
together and when they began to ask me
those questions I agreed to study with
them and search with them and the long
and short of it is we came out the other
side having lost the confidence that our
beliefs the beliefs that we had grown up
with the beliefs that we were embracing
were true it was just a loss of
confidence so for about ten years I have
not been a believer I've been a secular
person the word atheist you know has
negative connotations and so we've tried
to educate our folks about the meaning
of the word and I've tried to tell my
story over and over again I
I when I ran for the seat in 2016 yes I
consider I couldn't hide it all together
I'm the executive director of an
organization called recovering from
religion which supports and provides
hope healing and community for folks who
are struggling with religion so I
couldn't hide it nor did I want to I
thought I would try to minimize it and
in 2016 when the Democrats were not
being listened to or paid any attention
to it never even came up but this this
go it has become something of an issue
yeah look never run never hide right so
right you gotta be who you are it's you
can live with yourself if you lose
giving them what you got you can't live
with yourself
if you lose being someone else and and I
think that what people respect in
politics is strength and so whether they
agree with you or disagree with you if
you come in strong and say this Who I am
and I'm gonna fight for everybody's
religious liberty including the
libertine to not have a religion I think
people get it I think that the
mainstream media and a lot of the
conventional wisdom in both political
parties don't give people enough credit
I think if you're honest with them and
you're not a greasy politician and
you're forthright they'll at least
respect you for it and and shang-chi I
agree with you and that's the sentiment
coming from so many of the supporters
and and the funny thing as my opponent
is is a very religious person and he's
put that on all of his literature and
all of his website and I understand that
and as I said this is an area that Trump
won by 50 points so why they're coming
so hard at me you know it gives you it
makes you pause it makes you wonder this
is this is today's card I don't know if
you can see this this is the this is the
post card I got in today's mail because
I have kooky ideas they have come at me
so hard as you said the lieutenant
governor has tweeted it the lieutenant
governor has sent emails about it his
kid my opponent's campaign manager
actually wrote an email to the pastor's
of the churches saying you need to tell
your congregation to you know to vote
for the Republican candidate because
this lady is an atheist and of course
she has no morals and it's just been
it has done nothing but inflame our
folks because it's such an attack on
religious liberty yeah and and they
wouldn't do all that and spend money on
those mailers if they weren't worried
Gail you got a running okay like that
yeah I love it and so now they talk
about your dangerous ideas so it says
here you're running on a pro cannabis
platform yeah because there there wasn't
enough curveballs in this race so I love
it why here in Tennessee we have a
terrible opioid addiction problem as to
many as do many areas but particularly
here in Tennessee and so our Pro
cannabis platform has to do both with it
has to do with the pain relief obviously
there are diseases whose symptoms
respond favorably to cannabis but it
also has to do with this application to
our opioid addiction problem our opioid
addiction crisis in addition to that we
have the business and tax revenue and we
have the criminal justice reform these
are all things that are a win-win-win
for our area in Tennessee we desperately
need the relief that cannabis can give
us in our opioid addiction problem and
then as as I said the other things that
we've mentioned my opponent is a wealthy
pharmacist so surprised he's against
cannabis and we are just we need it so
we need it so badly we also we're
campaigning on the expansion of Medicaid
Tennessee did not take the ACA so we
every year we walk away from millions
and millions of dollars that we've
already paid into in our federal dollars
and we leave our folks uninsured and
then we have the additional problem when
those uninsured folks need care and they
visit our rural hospitals the hospitals
try as much as they can and they can't
sustain without any kind of
reimbursement so they eventually closed
we've lost 10 rural hospitals in the
eight years that the Republicans have
been in control wow that's a stunning
number yep so and then we're running
short on time but I know you want to fix
the roads down there you and you know
obviously you care about the education
down there as well and those are
issues that resonate with people but
look I think that they're scared of you
for a good reason I think that people
vastly underestimate the power of the
your idea of about cannabis I think the
people already get it the politicians
don't get it the government doesn't get
it but the people yet are they know that
the opioid addiction problem is and as
trump says drug dealers coming in from
new mexico they know it's actually
coming from the pharmaceutical companies
we're not stupid we see where it's
coming from right and we know that we
can do cannabis for painkiller it's
cheap it doesn't cause addiction it
doesn't kill and destroy your family are
less dangerous than alcohol yeah I think
on that alone you can win it let alone
all the other things that you're doing
to actually appeal to the voters in that
district so Gail if you turn a +50
district until good man you'll have
lived up to the building of the most
dangerous grandmother in Tennessee at
least at least with the Republican Party
all right I want to show everybody your
links Gail Jordan for Senate tiene 14
calm there and we'll have all the links
down below in description box on YouTube
and then in a comment section on
Facebook obviously go check out all of
Gail's positions because she's coming
for the Republicans and she's gonna
represent you go get them yeah thank you
Jane thanks so much all right
