actress Amber Tamblyn recently tweeted
about an incident that she experienced
in New York and asked some of her
followers on social media to help her
out if they recognize a specific
individual who targeted her if anyone in
Brooklyn near the intersection of
Washington Avenue and Atlantic Avenue
just saw Hasidic man in a gray van tried
to hit a woman and her baby in a
stroller as she crossed a crosswalk
honking and touching the stroller with
the car's bumper please
DM me that woman was me and she
apparently got a ton of reaction in
response to that tweet so she followed
it up with the following thank you to
everyone for your kind words of support
today we are fine but this is not the
first time a man from the Hasidic
community in New York City has attempted
to harm me or other women I know any
woman riding a bike through South
Williamsburg can attest I hope this guy
is caught now that led to both support
and a ton of criticism people accusing
her of being anti-semitic just to give
you an example one woman tweeted to her
I don't understand your tweets for
someone who is so politically woke can
we just stop with the politically woke
stuff it's anyway I don't understand
your generalizations of the Hasidic
Jewish community it sounds racist hmm
it's not yeah so I'll explain it for you
okay and then there was people there
were people who agreed with her and said
that they experienced similar harassment
man by the name of Benjamin shared his
story and she responded to that with the
following I'm so sorry to hear this
Benjamin and I completely agree with you
here and will not be silenced or bullied
or intimidated by anyone who wants to
twist my words into anything other than
what it is okay so on this show we
defend all different communities Muslim
Jewish if Christians are attacked
Christians they happen to be the
majority in this case in this country
but they are attacked in other countries
where they are the minority of blacks
Latinos you name it right so our Hasidic
Jews the same as other people of course
we're all Homo sapiens we roughly have
the same genetic makeup and so thinking
that they are some
how inherently different is preposterous
okay now I am NOT like other liberals
though I judge cultures so it doesn't
mean that everybody in the culture is
wrong it doesn't mean that you should
make blanket assumptions but it does
mean that some parts of some cultures
are not right they're just they're wrong
and so we can argue over that we can
debate over that and you and other
people can say no Jake I think they're
wonderful or some people think no
cultures are just untouchable and a lot
of liberals think this and I disagree
right and so oh no you can't judge their
culture no I can there's a lot of
terrible cultures in the world so I give
you a million examples here let's give
you an example from Central Asia
okay these are Turkic people okay so you
can roughly my people there are nomadic
people so in the old days they would go
and and do raids and they would get
their brides and they'd kidnapped them
and they'd take them home so that stuck
as part of the culture even to today in
small parts of Central Asia and they go
and kidnap a woman rape her and then her
parents come over and convince her to
marry her rapist that part of the
culture sucks
totally outdated you got to get rid of
it okay
slavery was part of our culture that
sucked we got to get rid of it okay
so whether it's Hasidic Jews Muslim
fundamentalist or Christian evangelicals
what brings them together is not the
religion it's the fundamentalism and do
some fundamentalists react negatively in
ways that are counterproductive and that
I disagree with and I think are wrong
hell yes they do so if it's a habit of a
Hasidic Jew in that case judging women
and doing whatever they're doing and in
this case if she's right bumping her
baby stroller with his car are you
insane
why oh she's not covered up right but
she's not in your religion the Muslim
fundamentalist you're not allowed to
draw a prophet Mohammed no you're not
allowed to draw a prophet mom and I can
draw whatever I like I'm not in your
religion so I so are you allowed to
criticize parts of the city of Jewish
culture goddamn right you're allowed to
I mean are we a free country or are we
not that is not judging Jews overall if
you did that that I'm a billion percent
against you
there's a huge difference so I'm gonna
say something that probably will rub
some people the wrong way and that's
fine but I think it's important to talk
about it so I think that a lot of
dialogue is crippled by accusations of
racism or bigotry or homophobia or
transphobia whatever it is and I think
that you know hindering dialog
immediately leads to you know stopping
education about important issues and and
I think we need to take a step back and
by the way I myself have been guilty of
this in the past and now I'm a lot more
cognizant of what I'm saying it or how
I'm reacting to certain dialogue that
might you know maybe that I might find
offensive but maybe it's important for
me to kind of hear out what that
dialogue is and then make a decision
about what I think in this case I feel
like immediately writing her off as
anti-semitic first of all anti-semitism
that is a very heavy charged racism it's
a very heavy charge and I think before
we start labeling people as such simply
because they want to share their
perspective on something we need to
really consider what the ramifications
of those labels are and so she is
experienced something very real in her
life that she wants to speak out about
and if people feel that she's
generalizing too much I think there's a
way of approaching her and telling her
hey you know maybe you had this
experience but it's not fair to
generalize all Hasidic men this way and
then have a discussion about the culture
but the most important thing to take
away from this story for me
is that we need to stop immediately
prejudging people based on the
experiences that they want to share with
the world and the dialogue that they
want to have yeah you know and I guess
look I have a slightly different take
and and to me look these these are hard
questions right and just because you
shouldn't immediately jump to
conclusions doesn't mean that some
people aren't racist or that there is an
institutional racism or that some people
are not anti-semitic for example then
you've got on the other end of the
spectrum
Alex Jones talking about how brian
Stelter Michael Wolff okay
a are
going to drink your children's blood and
they not only run the media but they run
the banks
that's not subtle those are the oldest
hateful anti-semitic tropes that we've
seen throughout the world so you've got
to have the courage to call that out and
not call it even and not go oh maybe
drink the kids blood that's what that's
the oldest thing that they said about
Jews in Europe that let the pogrom after
pogrom and then eventually for the
Holocaust so on the other hand and this
is why we get stuck in no man's land
Anna it happens those all the time to
the best of our abilities we think we're
trying to be fair and calls things as
they are so you got out the courage to
not call things even every time on the
other hand you can't say just because
someone said something about Hasidic
Jews or Muslims or Christians or
whatever it might be that they are by
definition guilty hold on just make a
judgment call right and go hey what did
she say about his city Jews why did she
say that about his city Jews wasn't
because she's they're Jewish
does she say they're gonna drink your
kids blood then I'd be like no I can't
stand all right but if in the context of
fighting fundamentalism and you're
jumping to conclusions then you're wrong
so I don't think it's a matter of
prejudging or not prejudging it's a
matter of making the right judgment call
and that's and it's not a black and
white world and it gets complicated and
we got to make those calls and we do a
talk show so we're constantly talking
about these people that are in the news
but I'm asking everybody keep an open
mind and by the way we we walked a walk
so I I said Don Imus shouldn't get fired
when he said the racial comments he said
but back when he was on cable news often
times I've said rush limbaugh shouldn't
get fired now I don't agree with them I
call them out on it well let's continue
the dialogue about Imus all the way back
in the day I say you know what they
should have done they should have
brought him back on TV and then brought
in the players that the african-american
players he criticized and had a dialogue
wouldn't that be much more interesting
so instead of shouting down people let's
go back and forth and if you need to
call someone out call him out right but
if you need to listen to someone also
listen to them
and have a conversation if you like this
video bless your heart we got a lot more
where that came from we do a full show
every day Monday through Friday come
enjoy ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm /
join
