there were six crashes involving
autonomous cars in California so far
this year and the reports that were sent
in to the DMV are fascinating especially
when you consider the fact that in at
least two of those six crashes drivers
in other vehicles got out of their car
and started physically attacking the
autonomous car now these are the
driverless cars but right now the cars
are still in the the stages where an
individual still needs to be in the
vehicle now in three of these crashes
the vehicles were in autonomous mode in
the other three crashes an individual
was manipulating them but let's take a
little look at the people that attack
these cars physically of the six crash
reports involving robot cars filed in
California so far this year two involved
a human approaching the car and
attacking it
I've never gets old so first example on
January 2nd a Chevy Volt evie operated
by General Motors crews driverless car
division was waiting in a green light
for pedestrians to cross when a man ran
across the street you know and it
completely ignored the do not walk
symbol shouting and struck the left side
of the Cruze a v's rear bumper and hatch
with his entire body damaging a
taillight so I don't know what provoked
him maybe he was just fed up with these
advancements in technology maybe he's
very much concerned about you know taxi
drivers and uber and lyft drivers but
you know we can only speculate at this
point all we know is this person went
after this autonomous car second example
On January 28th a GM crews bolt evie
with a human driving the car stopped
behind a taxi when the driver of the
taxi exited his vehicle approached the
crews AV and slapped the front bumper
window causing a scratch yeah and so
first of all let's just be fair the
title says there are six crashes
involved in these cars but three were
when people were driving so they don't
count at all so out of all those cars on
the road there's only three crashes and
then two of them and I can't tell if
it's the same two or different two is
guys attacking the colors
look I know that we're worried about
out-of-control robots attacking us but I
don't think we need a preemptive strike
yeah and you know I recently changed my
mind about this I have you know why cuz
I'm the most reasonable man in America
so I believe I've changed my mind once
or twice in the past anyway yeah so look
in the beginning like everybody else I'm
old school I was flipped out I was like
no no I'm not gonna let these cars drive
all around and they'll figure it out
what if there's a glitch and then the
other day I was driving these couple
guys were driving like maniacs and I was
like what am I talking about you know
who has glitches humans a lot all the
time
terrible glitches fell asleep drunk
driving got mad wasn't paying attention
texting so as a man as a matter of
percentages we're way better off with
the computers driving now having said
that look don't get me wrong it takes a
little bit of the joy out of life if you
like driving I hate driving so it
doesn't ache any of my joy out but
people like to and and by the way
they're not gonna force you to stop
driver you could still drive as a person
right and I'm worried that at some point
the NSA is going to be like all right
time to come in dear all these cars they
are computerized now and I yeah you know
they're already computer even if we
don't do the autonomous vehicles all
these cars all these newer models are
computerized so that data is available
yeah and and been experts have shown
they could tap into your car and so that
stuff's really really scary but having
said that if you want to avoid accidents
one stop running into cars if you're
humans with your hands but but seriously
they're gonna do the driving better than
we would it's just a fact so if you are
living in the Northern California area
you can expect to see some of these
autonomous cars out on the streets the
permits to be driven on public roads
with no human driver on board begins
April 2nd Wow
and by the way another downside to this
which is unfortunate because it's
otherwise funny story and an interesting
story all the truck drivers out there I
know that's honest
my number-one concern when it comes to
autonomous vehicle and the uber drivers
and the taxi drivers so I don't know
what we're gonna do to replace that part
of the economy but that's coming if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
