thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt as we speak
senators and a limited number of aides
have a limited amount of time to look at
the one copy of the finished bi
investigation
there's one printed up document in a
very secure location that they can go
into for a very short period of time and
take a look at it there's gonna be no
leaks
you and I will probably never see what
is in that document but we can sort of
get an idea of what's in it from what
different people are saying so the White
House initially last night said they
were very pleased with what was in it
and what wasn't in it and that is based
on not looking at it for even a second
like with all of Donald Trump's book
reviews that he tweets out he didn't
read it but he also doesn't care and
he's he doesn't need to see it there's
also people like Lindsey Graham who said
that they're not going to read the
entire thing because they already know
how they're gonna vote obviously but I
want to talk about the actual conduct of
the FBI what was investigated what
wasn't investigated there were concerns
along the way that the investigation was
being purposefully hamstrung and its
scope was limited both in time and you
know how many people they could talk to
that was how they announced it remember
last weekend was that it would be
limited in scope but they haven't liked
the media attention around that they
want the aura if not the reality of
having an actual substantive
investigation designed to get to the
truth and so a president Trump has
insisted publicly that he was not
curtailing the inquiry but privately the
White House restricted the FBI from
delving deeply into Cavanaugh's drinking
in high school in college and exploring
whether he lied to Congress about his
alcohol use according to officials who
spoke on the condition of anonymity to
discuss a sensitive matter and beyond
that there were many other limitations
on the investigation first of all the
Senate Republicans have tried to
distance themselves from these concerns
about too much control being put over
the FBI saying that they haven't
provided any sort of limited lists of
who the FBI can talk to and they should
have communicated
that with the white house though because
the white house came out and said that
the Senate had given them a list of four
witnesses that they wanted the FBI to
talk to and that's it and wait until you
hear who was and was that on that list
of witnesses because here's the thing
this is about a sexual assault
accusation it's about more than one but
it's primarily about one and there's the
accuser and there's the accused and
neither of them were interviewed for
this investing because apparently during
the of course the the testimony that
went down last Thursday I believe was
yeah both got to speak so then they said
we're gonna submit that into the record
the FBI hasn't anything to do with it
but actually during that entire time
that was that inquiry or that testimony
was conducted by senators from both
sides Ohio of course some they were in
support of Cavanaugh and it happens vice
versa ones that were in support of
Cavanaugh the questions weren't really
questions when they got to talk to him
and also when when dr. blase Ford was
there the questions were conducted by
the special investigator or the
prosecutor right yeah so that was that
was taken care of in that way that's not
the FBI that's not their expertise many
centers don't have any expertise for
anything they gotta be honest instead of
being politicians because their staff
does all the work so when you have that
that scenario where they're there to ask
both of them questions and that's what
we're going to submit to the FBI what
would we need the FBI for anyway yeah so
if I see a crime happened or I think I
saw a crime happen am I qualified to go
and conduct investigation or do I call
the police and say you guys can conduct
this investigation about how my car got
stolen or should I go out on the streets
and start trying to find someone who
stole my car and conduct investigation
no it's not my place yeah that's for the
authorities to handle well look that's
one angle the other angle is if you're
accused of a crime and you're worried
about you know perhaps cracking under
the questioning that you might face just
for court a selfie video of you talking
about what happened and as long as
you've got that why should any
experienced interrogator actually talk
to you it's ridiculous of course it's
ridiculous Republican senators don't
mind they think it's perfectly fine
because they don't want any additional
information every bit of information
that has come out since this FBI
investigation started has hurt
Cavanaugh's credibility and so they
don't want anymore
Republican voters don't care at all
because they've never been interested in
the actual facts of weather Cavanaugh
assaulted Christine Blasi Ford and
honestly more importantly and perhaps
more scary
they don't care either way whether it
happened or didn't happen they don't
find that to be something that should
disqualify you from being on the session
of course there was something else that
I thought if you do fine you have their
submitted testimony their sworn
testimony from last week
now if the FBI in FBI interrogate each
of them you might have some
discrepancies in their own stories
that's the first thing I thought I was
like well of course you're gonna view
the first two players in the whole
scenario first maybe there's any
discrepancies in their stories you're
thinking oh what point were they not
telling the same truth who knows again
if you're looking for the truth maybe
the accuser is the one who's not telling
the truth to the FBI don't you want that
answer those were their dad to
interrogate her and ask her the same
thing that she was asked no for not
interested so her lawyers have put out a
statement saying that this is it cannot
be called an investigation since it
didn't interview her nor the witnesses
that they put forward who could
corroborate her testimony they're
profoundly disappointed and they should
be because they had between eight and
twenty depending on who you talk to
witnesses that they said could
corroborate what happened 36 years ago
the FBI talked to literally none of them
they were not interested that is there's
a similar sort of situation with some of
the other accusations so Deborah Ramirez
they did actually interview that was the
second accuser but all of the various
people that say that they can
corroborate that at the time they knew
that Brett Kavanaugh had done what
Deborah Ramirez alleges she did they did
an interview because they don't care
mark judge they talked to mark judge but
did they go and talk to the supermarket
that she says she saw him working at
that could sort of hone in on exactly
when this alleged assault happened no
they didn't do that and apparently were
barred from doing it so again the Senate
Republicans and the White House want to
say that they're not you know getting
involved in this they're not limiting it
but that is what actually happened in
terms of the witnesses and in terms of
what areas of investigation they could
actually go into I want to give you a
little bit more information about what
the FBI could have gotten from some of
those witnesses that Deborah Ramirez
suggested
one has gone forward and gone public I
should say because he tried to get in
touch with the FBI and the FBI would not
return his calls this is Kenneth up hold
this is one of Brett Cavanaugh's college
roommates
he was alluded to in a Cavanaugh's
testimony there was talk of some sort of
issue with a third roommate and that was
supposed to mean that what he had said
didn't matter but he has a lot to say
about what Cavanaugh said in that
testimony and the actual veracity of it
I polled said that he was 100% certain
that he was told that Cavanaugh was the
male student who exposed himself to
Deborah Ramirez he said that he never
discussed the allegation with Ramirez
whom he said he barely knew in college
but he recalled details which he said
and eyewitness described him at the time
that match Ramirez his memory of what
happened he says specifically I can
corroborate Debbie's account
I believe her because it matches the
same story I heard 35 years ago although
the two of us have never talked so if
the fallback is that this is some sort
of political vendetta something
something Clinton's and they're all
working together he says he didn't know
her then he doesn't know her now but he
knows what he heard at the time so again
they will say no evidence no
corroboration they're not interested in
the evidence they're not interested in
the ground won't get any corroborating
evidence
if you don't ever get the evidence but
you never get the accounts and again
yeah sure many people could be lying
that's why first of all you need more
than five days wasn't even a week first
of all you need more than five days to
collect information that then compared
to other information from other folks
again he said he didn't really know her
that well but he'd heard about the
stories there's multiple who said they'd
heard of the story again versus what
judge Cavanaugh said in the hearings
last week saying you know if something
like this had happened it had been the
talk of campus I'm not sure if you're
gonna get to this but one of those
people did say I heard him say that and
I was like actually this is in the 80s
in early early 90s late 80s where
something like this happens you don't
want it to be the talk of campus you
kind of keep it on the hush you go man
that was kind of uncomfortable I'm not
sure if I shouldn't say anything cuz
there's no one to say it to again the
title nine things weren't put in a place
where you have someone to report this
type of stuff we talk about the changing
of times and how things things were
different then no it wouldn't have been
that way cuz that's the way things were
well there was at least a little bit of
talk cast up hold was involved in that
talk absolutely it'll stay monitored
people if you talk to those several
people
you might get some evidence that it all
makes sense someone who never talked to
one person or another or even the
potential victim herself and say you're
not heard about that I was even there
yeah they the FBI like we cannot
overlook this they talked to nine people
total there were five people at that
first party there are at least four
accusers plus Cavanaugh that's five they
only talked to nine people they're
literally a couple of dozen people they
could do that in a couple of extra days
I know the thing is no no you guys just
want to delay delay delay it's like 48
extra hours you can't do that to get to
the truth we're talking about a lifetime
appointment to the Supreme Court he will
rule on hundreds of cases that'll have
far-reaching consequences in every area
of policy and we can't afford like a
three-day weekend added to this
investigation - I don't know actually
talk to the guy being accused of
multiple sexual assaults that is
ridiculous
hey people go to for minor crimes go to
jail and wait if they can't make bail we
know how that system works if they can't
they sit there for an undetermined
amount of time but while our judicial
system gets things together and put
together some way to prove or disprove
or he tries to chance prove himself
innocent or so you know he's supposed to
consider that in the first place but
that that process takes some time so
again for a lifetime appointment you
don't have the time to wait or to figure
this whole thing out to put it in place
what are you in a rush for what is the
big rush is he is the lifetime
appointment gonna is there an expiration
date on this nomination process are you
worried about something else do you know
that there's there's a potential for
more and more information about this
person that come out that the public
will know that they really don't want to
be heard yeah like all the evidence
leads to them wanting to cover things up
if it was a transparent feel to this
tone to their approach maybe people
might believe you when you say I've
known judge Kavanaugh for 25 years
you've never do this sure but let's find
out I haven't known him for five years
and if you do rush then maybe we'll get
to finally find out in this country what
it's like when you impeach a Supreme
Court justice that'll be an exciting
time buckle up thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
