the mayor of Nashville Tennessee has
officially stepped down following a sex
scandal that she was involved in the
former mayor Megan Berry was caught
having an affair with the head of her
security sergeant Rob Forrest and the
affair was consensual yes they're both
married but having an affair is not
breaking the law or committing a crime
however an investigation did find that
they did use some taxpayer money during
their affair which led to her promptly
stepping down now she pleaded guilty in
court as part of the negotiated
agreement with the district attorney
Glenn funk - felony theft over $10,000
related to her affair with her former
police bodyguard now as part of her plea
deal Berry was sentenced to three years
of probation and has agreed to reimburse
the city 11 thousand dollars in unlawful
expenses so to give you an example of
how she committed this crime go on work
trips and of course the head of her
security the man that she was having the
affair with would travel along with her
and then they would stay an extra day
and you know carry out whatever
situation was going on there okay you
guys get it Forrest the sergeant here
also pleaded guilty to property theft
and was sentenced to three years of
probation as part of his plea agreement
he's required to reimburse the city
$45,000 that was paid to him as salary
and overtime during times when he was
not performing his duties so he would be
on the clock while he was carrying out
this affair and as a result he was you
know using taxpayer money and he will
have to reimburse the city that amount
now an affidavit detailed nude photos
that the Tennessee Bureau of
Investigation said appear to be beary
taken on the phone of forest during city
trips they also highlighted hundreds of
deleted phone chats on forests phone
this story seems odd to me now they did
something wrong they did use taxpayer
money and they should be punished as a
result of that but I feel like the
investigation and
hyper focus on Megan Barry is odd
considering how politicians throughout
the country typically behave let her go
No
okay let me explain so I first see the
headline and sorry I guess this is a bad
admission on my part but I didn't know
if the Nashville Mayor was democrat or
republican
I'm not that involved in Tennessee
politics so I and I thought to myself
and you look you believe me if you want
don't believe me if you don't want but
but I'm telling you right now that
before I read the story I saw the
headline that she slept with her
bodyguard and had to step down and I
thought who cares right and so and I
said I don't care if she's a Republican
or a Democrat and I'm curious to find
out but if that's all there is to the
story
she shouldn't step down at all now I was
curious if she's a Republican if she was
a hypocrite talked about family values
that I would care about but even so I'm
tired of judging people you know it just
it depends on the severity of it right
so then we looked into it now of course
turns out she is Democrat she's
apparently progressive and was very
popular in Nashville and and so by the
way another southern popular progressive
who then winds up having a scandal and
then is taken down anyway so now that
I've read all the details of it not
quite as easy to say let her go because
they really shouldn't have done a couple
things here right so one you can say
they shouldn't have the sex yes but
that's not our problem man that's not
our issue and they were married you were
so easy to judge people on sex Oh easy
right no I don't want to I don't want to
judge them whether they're Democrats or
Republicans on the sex alone I don't
care right so and we have been
consistent on this show if they ran on
Family Values we point that out there's
been a couple of Republicans involved in
sex scandals who did not run on Family
Values and I said let them go I don't
see what the problem is
that's their problem not our problem so
anyway in this case yes they shouldn't
have stayed an extra day in Athens
Greece and the different trips that they
took yes
use taxpayer money more problematic even
than that was they then switch instead
of his boss keeping his timesheet to the
mayor her keeping the timesheet and he
starts putting those hours on overtime
now you can't do that why did you do
that because that that looks like that's
intent it looks like they switched it so
that they get charged more hours I don't
care if you sleep with them but you
can't charge more hours on purpose and
some of these trips she didn't have
security on before but after their fair
she has security with her all the time
that's still racking up the bills right
for taxpayers so it's strong so I'm half
kidding when I say let her go on the
other hand it is so easy to do political
assassinations of people all you have to
do is look into their sex life for guys
it's you're gonna get a hit eight out of
ten times okay but now apparently for
some women you're gonna get a hit a
couple of times I've seen a Republican
women have issues with this too but but
most of the time the people looking at
Republicans so they get progresses far
more often right look I actually don't
have a problem with the outcome of this
story because of the fact that they you
know misused taxpayer money you can't do
that you're stealing from your very
constituents so I think that it makes
sense for her to step down if it was
simply the two of them having an affair
that I don't even think it's a story I
wouldn't even bother talking about it on
the show but the thing that I do want to
point out is how it's interesting how
this country works right so there's one
form of theft by politicians that's
completely acceptable and then there's
this form of theft from taxpayers that
is not unacceptable and so what I mean
by that is politicians throughout the
country will will push for insane tax
cuts for the wealthy and then what are
they turn around and do they do
regressive taxes on the working class
and the middle class essentially robbing
the people who need that money the most
that cut that form of theft is totally
fine but this form is unacceptable I
just think that
you know we need to focus on what the
real issue is yeah $10,000 is pretty
serious but think about how much money
gets taken away from you know Americans
throughout the country on a regular
basis in the form of these tax cuts
which then further defund programs that
we need and I'm not talking just about
you know welfare programs I'm talking
about quality education which has been
completely underfunded and dismantled as
a result of politicians pushing for
taxes yeah and I want to be super clear
about this it isn't just policy
differences so what level should taxes
be no we just in a story today the TYT
broke about Heidi Heitkamp she's a
Democrat from North Dakota
so she voted for banking deregulation
and it turns out she's got a million
dollars invested in the banks that she
deregulated right okay and it turns out
she's the number one recipient of
campaign donations from the bank's what
come on now look that's not a policy
difference that's corruption 101 and
that doesn't involve $10,000 that
involves billions of dollars an amazing
stat is over a five year period in the
top 200 corporations that donate the
politicians gave 5.8 billion dollars
that's a lot of money okay but they
spent on donations and lobbying you know
what they got a return from taxpayer
subsidies four point four trillion
dollars so we're putting people she's
got she's on probation she's out of
office instead of for 10,000 bucks but
four point four trillion dollars taken
from our pockets and that's business as
usual so I mean I'm partly tired of the
judging of people's sex lives and how
easy it is to do political
assassinations of your opponents because
everybody makes mistakes and especially
when you make one about sex it usually
is compounded because you know what
people do when they're having an affair
or the wrong kind of sex they lie so
it's super easy to get them right and
the right wing does it over and over
again meanwhile four trillion dollars
left the building and you weren't paying
attention right you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
