does a Florida middle school teacher
also run a white nationalist podcast
we're going to show you two pictures
here they are
one is of Tiana dal cough and the other
is of Diana voltage one is a known
middle school teacher the other is a
known host of a white nationalist
podcast the question is are they the
same person having to pose pointed this
out in kind of an expose things that
lead me to believe they are the same
person
is they have the same earrings and the
same face they're you when you were to
get to the fact that they're the same
person the earrings are the tip-off but
the face thing that's harder to purchase
but who knows and also the fact that
they point out that all but two of the
letters are the exact same and they're
both 25 and the woman on the podcast
said she's a local teacher in Florida
and now there was a local teacher in
Florida and their tenures that they said
at the schools at which they work are
the same length they've been there for a
year it seems pretty obvious now the
puzzling the the troubling thing
obviously is if this is true there is a
teacher who runs a white nationalist
podcast and not just that that on that
podcast she had a guest on Tiana dollars
job that said they the white
nationalists don't have to be vocal
about their views but get in there be
more covert and just start taking over
those places talking about schools in
different areas where they can kind of
get influenced whenever they can and
Dalek voltage wrote back said right I'm
absolutely one of them so if this is the
same person who's a teacher that person
just admitted to using their position of
power to influence young minds by
interjecting elements of white
nationalism into a classroom environment
so let us begin the troubling aspects of
this store summon okay so first of all a
note the irony of the right-wing who had
attacked Obama for once going to a
school saying he's trying to
indoctrinate the children well first of
all all the presidents go to schools
George
bush was famously at an elementary
school on 9/11 when we were attacked and
stayed there for quite some time reading
a book upside down Soho but look at this
it turns out now this is the extreme
right wing to be fair right but they're
trying to indoctrinate the kids and they
say it she said on the podcast talking
about and her and her guests like oh you
got to sneak in there make sure you do
your propaganda and get the kids to
believe it yeah so the reason they say
that about the left wing is its
projection they assume that whatever
they're doing and whatever they're
thinking you're also thinking and doing
but it's not true
we'd like to indoctrinate them with
things like math I love it well there
was one moment that I don't have a
graphic for where she said that science
has proven that certain races are
smarter than others so she's using
science oh well there you go that
wrongly she also some tweets from tyanna
of dollars off the alter ego who hosts a
podcast
it isn't supremacists or hateful to
prefer your own people over others and
then also this one this is if you see
the graphic below it is a reference to
kind of a teacher a teacher manual that
says confronting racism in classrooms
and she writes you know America's
students education system is designed to
enable victimization when teachers are
forced to learn about institutional
racism and prove it's real when it isn't
I literally feel brain cells dying as I
read this bull s hashtag Sunday morning
well science proves that you actually
can't feel that at all and that you're
wrong about it yeah and that was just at
a portion of a teacher guide book simply
saying that you should acknowledge that
institutional racism exists and also
that people are reticent to bring that
up because it means that they have to
acknowledge their own preconceived
notion notions about racism and their
own internal feelings about racism and
that's what someone addressing their
their deep-seated hatred looks like when
they're fighting back against it yeah I
love what she says it isn't supremacist
or hateful to prefer your own people
over others no it actually kind of is
that's kind of the point of racism which
is my people are better than your people
yeah I mean it's not like you're not
allowed to have tea with people that are
the same race as you are and the
background have at it off go out drink
and do whatever you want but if you say
I prefer my people over your people yeah
that's that's racism
I went previously she said that they are
better they learn better certain races
are smarter than other that is supremacy
you're saying that you're superior to
others let alone when you think that
science has proven it and you're gonna
teach that to the kids that was in the
context of conference issues having on
our podcast with another racist and and
that guy was saying like they pretend
that people for a quote a kid from
Nigeria and a kid who came from Sweden
are supposed to learn exactly the same
and have quote the same IQ but not to be
fair Brett maybe they think the Nigerian
is smarter than the guy right miss
Sweden did not clarify the scores we
didn't see the box score on that but as
I pointed out and you could go look this
up as well that actually Nigerian
students do exceedingly well so weird
that they pick the windows like in the
studies as like their doctors man it's
almost as if they didn't look up the
science that's what it is
and you can listen to clips from the
podcast and it's just that it's just
people saying what they feel like saying
to make themselves feel better and
superior to others another one of my
favorites was when she said that the JQ
is complicated Oh God a Jewish question
yeah I didn't know what the JQ was I was
like I don't think I've read the JQ in a
while what what fashion are they there's
the EQ of the IQ and the GQ he's a great
manga it's a great read but anyway it
turns out it means the Jewish Question
and I what I'm pretty sure it's not a
question if it is it's not complicated
she's Oh turns out she's reading some
anti-semitic book about how the Jews
control everything
shocking I didn't see that one coming
yeah oh and of course you'd like to
eradicate all the Muslims so but I would
like to thank the extreme right-wing for
bringing Jews and Muslims together in
America
hey thank you we appreciate that the
thing though is I hate she's right she's
right in that when you're a teacher in a
school you are in an extreme position of
power and what you say to kids is very
important because you never know what
kids are gonna hold on to and it is very
terrifying and the curriculum that she
is teaching she's right that people have
chosen that and it is true that that has
developed over time but I like to say
that it's developed in a good way
like if you look back there's a viewer
who asked me like from a different
country who asked how are Native
Americans portrayed in schools and I
thought back and I'm like well that's
changed over time
from you know you know how they were
portrayed back in the old days when it
was like Cowboys vs. Indians and then it
developed into a position where we were
taught about you know smallpox and and
dizzy and blankets and diseases and and
buying Manhattan for a ridiculous sum to
someone who doesn't have any concept of
like land ownership we do develop it
over time and it is super important
which is why we have to be on alert when
these kinds of things rear their head
and there are other situations where
this has come to the to the fore in June
the principle of a charter school in New
Orleans was fired from his job after
video surfaced that that showed him
wearing rings associated with white
nationalism I don't know if you remember
that he had similarly appeared on white
nationalist podcast and a former
Catholic substitute teacher and field
hockey coach in Maryland was fired
earlier this year after his school
learned that he was also employed by the
National Policy Institute white
supremacist Richard Spencer's think-tank
and the website Albright calm like
voluntary posted on social media under a
pseudonym and the initial response from
the school was to confront this teacher
that they thought was affiliated with it
she denied it and the principal back
down but after pressing the issue the
Huffington Post was able to create some
kind of more pressure and in the wake of
it the alter ego
Tiana doll ovitch or whatever pulled
down a lot of her profiles but I'm sure
that it was a coincidence that when they
found the person who appeared to
her who was a teacher who was now in
trouble that the alter ego pull down all
of our social media immediately it's
crazy a wild coincidence but but what
Brett said there at the end is probably
the most important for her in terms of
whether she's gonna get to keep that job
on the podcast she bragged about how she
lied to the principal that a teacher had
complained that she was indoctrinating
the students and she basically said now
I just liked him and and they believed
me haha they might want to rethink that
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm /join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
