the d-triple-c is supposed to help
Democrats running for office in the
house and they do if you agree to their
rules The Young Turks sorry about a memo
they sent to a lot of the candidates
saying that you got to spend 75% of your
money on paid communication then they
send them a list of consultants
coincidentally happened to be linked to
the people who work at the d-triple-c
who they should use to spend that money
and now they're going around the country
attacking progressives who have not been
preordained as their pick what does the
d-triple-c
demand when they're looking to back you
one that you have a lot of money either
you're a millionaire or billionaire
yourself where you know a lot of
millionaires and can raise a lot of
money
do they ask you what your policy
positions are no do they care if you're
more progressive well they fight but in
the wrong direction but they don't even
bother asking you in the beginning and
the second thing they want is to make
sure that if you have that money you're
gonna spend it with their friends so
some of the progressive candidates have
actually raised more money than the
establishment candidates but since it's
not growing the consultant friends that
the d-triple-c they are furious about it
so they attack they're progressive in
Texas Laura Moser she's got her primary
coming up tomorrow be very interesting
to see what happens there and I want to
tell you a little bit about that at the
end of this story
but it turns out now they are attacking
another progressive in Pennsylvania his
name is Greg Edwards he's also a Justice
Democrat which means he does not take
corporate cash the people in Washington
do not like that their bread and butter
is corporate cash so look at this load
be holder against Greg Edwards as well
huh so let's find out how now we go to
the Washington Post David Weigel with
another good story here he says the
drama in Pennsylvania is centered on
Greg Edwards a pastor running for a
newly drawn swing state in the Lehigh
Valley and once Thursday he told The
Washington Post that the d-triple-c had
approached the local Democrats to ask
whether he could be persuaded to seek
another office
let me be clear a lower office you are
not welcome here a pastor running as a
Democrat
here to be a good story unless of course
the pastor was uncorrupted edward says
as far as i know they only targeted one
candidate to leave this race the most
progressive candidate the only candidate
of color their inability to understand
why that's fundamentally wrong says
everything when we come back to that
reasoning in a second but more from why
go here the D strip will see pushed back
on Edwards claims saying that the unique
situation in Pennsylvania where a Court
struck down a gerrymandered map and
created 18 new districts just weeks
before party's primaries prompted them
to ask several candidates if they might
run instead for offices further down the
ballot okay before I get to why they
might do that and whether that's
legitimate or not let's figure out if
they actually did do that
so temper Prosecco a d-triple-c
operative had indeed asked local
Democrats if Edwards or ex Allentown
solicitor Susan Wilde might leave the
crowded primary to run for state Senate
so a lower seat the united states
representative which is what they're
running for and meredith kelly the
communications director for the
d-triple-c doesn't quite deny she says
that at the end that it's not exactly
right
but let me give you a full quote she
says Pennsylvania's congressional maps
were just completely redrawn and it's
very typical for candidates to
recalculate their campaign plans as a
result as a Pennsylvania native Tim
knows the importance of local politics
in the state and went to Allentown for
an early on-the-ground assessment of the
political landscape in this newly drawn
district particularly regarding the
multiple Democratic candidates next
steps this is completely normal
he did not however ask anyone to drop
out of the congressional race I think
that she phrased it a little bit wrong
there if she had said he didn't demand
that anyone drop out of the race he
didn't force them to drop out of the
race that would be technically correct
but it appears he literally asked them
hey do you mind dropping out of the race
and going to a you know further down the
ballot in fact here is more confirmation
David Marshall who runs the Pennsylvania
Democrats state Senate campaign
committee said that prosecco had only
asked them
if we'd be interested in any of these
folks if they dropped into down ballot
races
well that appears to be a confirmation
he might think that that's perfectly
normal but that is a confirmation and
Greg AdWords the candidate response I
just say that the d-triple-c got caught
red-handed
and admitted as much to us and
apparently they did talk to the campaign
and the AdWords campaign took it as an
admission as well they were trying to
get him out of the race now does it make
sense or does it not make sense look
some of these races are crowded they all
have different dynamics that depending
on the states and if they are trying if
you have a runoff primary sometimes they
say well if there's too many Democrats
in the race it'll help the few
Republicans get into the runoff I don't
really believe in that either but I you
know that's an argument that could be
made but the main reason they do it
especially in a place like Pennsylvania
is they think no we want the guy who is
most electable and I think they
genuinely believe that and they also
want a guy who is gonna funnel money to
them but I think that they have gotten
themselves to believe that they are
looking for someone who is electable the
problem comes in the next step which is
their assumptions about who's electable
so there's several different layers to
it for them there is no other layer
there's one layer basically how much
money do you have and are you willing to
spend it with our consultants okay and
because that's their only metric of
viability then number two layer is okay
you know maybe Greg Edwards has more
volunteers maybe he's got more media
attention maybe he is winning a straw
poll as now Laura Moser is right but
they don't look at those metrics whereas
I think they should look at those
metrics and they've been told and now
have internalized from the Rahm
Emmanuel's of the world
that's quote unquote centrist are the
ones more likely to win it in a district
that you used to be Republican but what
does it mean to be centrist they have
interpreted that to mean if you
take corporate cash and you're willing
to vote with the Republicans either from
time to time or quite often is there
good evidence to prove that those
Republican like candidates do better
electorally the answer is no there isn't
the intercept ran a great piece about
the 2006 elections that was supposed to
be the test case for rahm emanuel being
right because rahm emanuel was running
the d-triple-c at the time and they had
a wave election where the democrats
swept into office but if you actually
broke down the people who won that race
it was often the candidates that rahm
emanuel did not back he wouldn't even
send them any money and they won that
race anyway and they a lot of the
candidates the Rahm Emanuel did back
with a ton of corporate cash that ran as
a Republican light actually lost
receipts that could have been winnable
they don't have good evidence on their
side and they think because they've been
told by the realm manuals of the world
all progressives don't know anything
progresses should be you know avoided
they're not practical they're not
pragmatic all these things or they don't
understand politics no you don't
understand politics you don't understand
that a populist message is more likely
to work that a guy like Greg Edwards
who's a pastor from the community saying
I'm going to look out for the community
and yes I'm gonna fight to raise your
wages that's not an impractical message
you're idiotic message of I will help
corporations and they might or might not
help you at a later time it's not
resonating it's not working with voters
and your obsession with corporate money
has now become clearly counterproductive
and by the way all the money you're
throwing in television is no longer
working so all those old assumptions
about who is electable are wrong and
then there's a third layer which is in
this case race now I would be surprised
and and some of you might disagree but I
would be surprised if the guys that the
Triple C are some sort of rabid racist
who are like we've got to chase that
black pastor out of the race but do they
have certain assumptions about who's
electable in a Republican district they
might
thing all in a district that again used
to be Republican all the districts have
been redrawn in Pennsylvania so that is
totally up in there and and and by the
way if there's a wave coming that's the
whole point you unseat Republicans and
get Democrats to win do you have this
assumption that those districts are like
incredibly right-wing and all they care
about is giving everything in
corporations and perhaps discriminating
as certain people so given their
assumptions then it becomes less
surprising that they would think maybe
Greg Edwards is not electable
I can't wait to prove them wrong okay
I I think progressives are farm
electable I think we're gonna find out
because we're gonna have these primaries
the Pennsylvania primaries are coming up
soon by the way if you'd like for this
inane strategy of the corporate
establishment Democrats that backfire go
help Greg Edwards we're not afraid to
share his links with you guys Edwards
for PA com get Greg on the ballot
Edwards for PA comm slash events donate
so that he can compete with a big donor
money that's being poured in by the
Democrats justice Democrats calm slash
Edwards attack so we'll have all those
links down below in the description box
on YouTube and the comment section on
Facebook now did it work in the case of
Laura Moser cuz now they're attacking
Greg Edwards but we already have the
test case from last week when they
attacked Laura Moser who's another just
Democrat also uncorrupted also deeply
progressive running in Texas who has an
election tomorrow by the way of primary
we're gonna find out definitively
tomorrow night you should check out our
live coverage of that on TYT Network com
tomorrow night at eight o'clock Eastern
now here's a report from The Washington
Post about that according to a poll
conducted I was 726 likely Democratic
primary voters Moser has moved from
sixth to second place since January
which was secured a place in the May
runoff exactly what the d-triple-c had
tried to prevent oops they attacked her
publicly and said she's the real
progressive of the race and people like
oh thank you appreciate that we'll move
her up to second place and hopefully get
her in the run
so now that poll by the way done by the
Republicans so take it with a grain of
salt but you know it no one is disputing
the numbers involved and and the
Republicans also have totally wrong
assumptions about who is and it was not
electable so now finally back to now
Politico on the Laura Moser situation
and update on it the d-triple-c has
warned for months they explained that it
would wade into crowded primary fields
here and elsewhere either to pick
favorites or harm candidates it sees as
weaker in the general election but there
are a few signs here that the D triple
C's punches have landed instead Mosers
fundraising has ticked up she's
collected more than a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars since the d-triple-c
Post on February 22nd oops all you did
was help her so I hope that is the case
with Greg Edwards as well at least the
d-triple-c has now told you who the real
progressive in the race is you might
want to act based on that information by
the way we will also have Laura Mosers
links down below and if you want to find
out all of the uncorrupted candidates go
to just Democrats comm and you'll see
there are 52 candidates across the
country and apparently the Democratic
establishment is now running scared you
just watch the video by the Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
