Sam Nonnberg is a former aide of Donald
Trump he worked on the campaign he's now
not in Trump's good graces apparently
Trump's not in his good graces either
but nonetheless he's going to not
testify with Robert Muller who's asking
him to but not asking him to as a
courtesy but legally asking him to so
I'm gonna give you the details on that
in a second but I want to let you know
and I'm gonna show you the clips here
today
he went out three different television
programs first he went on MSNBC with
Katy tur then he went on CNN with Gloria
Borger and then finally I stayed on CNN
with Jake Tapper and then he said some
things that are very important and very
interesting and very curious so before
we get into those clips though let me
give you context as to who he is and and
why he's speaking out now Washington
Post explains former Trump 8 Sam
Nonnberg said Monday that he has been
subpoenaed to appear in front of a
federal grand jury investigating
Russia's interference in the 2016
presidential election but that he will
refuse to go I'm not sure that that's
really an option so let's continue among
those the subpoena requests information
about our departing White House
communications director hope Hicks
former White House strategist Steve K
Bannon he meshes Bannen in one of the
clips that you'll see in a second which
is very important Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen former Trump campaign manager
Corey Lewandowski
and advisor Roger stone Nonnberg said he
does not plan to comply with the
subpoena including either providing
testimony or the documents again it's
not really optional once you get a
subpoena if you don't do as the subpoena
tells you to the you know overwhelming
majority of the cases the judge will
eventually find you in contempt and yes
put you in prison
well nunberg says to the Washington Post
let him arrest me mr. Muller should
understand I am NOT going in on Friday
well likely the answer to that will be
ask and ye shall receive so we'll see
how long he continues this attitude from
a jail sentence maybe as early as Friday
the rush
and Trump he says did not collude Putin
is too smart to collude with Donald
Trump hmm it's a curious statement but
as you're about to see he then
contradicts himself a little bit later
nunberg says I'm not spending 80 hours
going over my emails with Roger stone
and Steve banning and producing them
Donald Trump won this election on his
own he campaigned his ass off and there
is nobody who hates him more than me
so obviously they're not in good terms
but he's saying that Trump did not
collude with the Russians at least
that's what he was saying to the
Washington Post changes his tune in a
second as you'll see but but why why
would he say that they're not colluding
and then not cooperate with Muller
because if he can't really thinks
that'll Trump didn't collude with the
Russians why not just going to Muller
and tell him that especially if he has
evidence showing that it didn't happen
because he claims it didn't happen
well it's probably because he doesn't
want to turn those emails over because
those emails are not going to only
incriminating old Trump
they might also incriminates am nunberg
now and they might not incriminate him
about the Russian collusion
they might not incriminate him even
legally but he might have said some
things in those emails that would
incriminate him politically or
societally so he might not want those
emails to go out under any circumstance
but there is a circumstance under which
they will probably come out which is a
lengthy enough visit to prison so we'll
see if that happens on Friday but for
the moment being interestingly nunberg
decided that even though he's not going
to talk to prosecutors and he's not
gonna comply with the law he will talk
to reporters on air great let's find out
what he's got in store here's his first
clip for a skate eater let's see what
mr. Muller does are you worried about
getting arrested I think it would be
funny if they arrested me they're held
in Creole II really funny if they wanted
to arrest me because I don't want to
spend 80 hours going over emails I had
with Steve bana to Roger stone I don't
Trump being involved in conservative
politics was not good for his business
by the way I think my lawyers
what do I have to produce them all my
communication are you ready to go to
kill I'm not gonna go to jail
mmm greedy disagree okay we'll find out
on Friday though so he says my lawyers
are gonna dump me there's a good chance
that'll happen yes this is not a well
advised interview to go out there and
and spill the beans as he's about to
even more importantly in the next clip
while not cooperating with special
prosecutors he assists over and over
that he is not going to jail and that it
would be funny if they arrested him I
don't not sure that's the word I'd use
and he says why do I have to turn over
my emails because you have a subpoena
saying turn over your emails this is a
criminal investigation
I don't just because they're
embarrassing doesn't mean you have the
right not to turn them over
oh now remember he had said earlier to
the Washington Post that he thinks Trump
did not collude but wait till you hear
what he says next watch what you're
doing is surprising to say the least
but you sat there in that room being
questioned by Muller's investigators I
want to hear directly from you do you
think that they have something on the
president I think they may well I think
that he may have done something during
the election what what you do think he
colluded and you just said it on
national television yeah I think he
might have done something during an
election with the Russians and you think
that they're not going to enforce the
subpoena on you to find out what you
know about what he might have done
during that campaign when you worked on
the campaign it's this guy hi okay which
is what all of social media is asking
today this is an unbelievable interview
as we'll compare it to some of the
legendary Trump eight interviews in a
second but okay wait he's not done
though with the amazing revelations
here's one more
I focused abandoned for the first time
last week I went in there and the first
and I spoke to him and Steve and I were
discussing about how we both feel Katy
like I'm telling you
that truck may have her well done
something during the election so now he
says not only do I think Trump did
something during the election with the
Russians but so does Steve Bannon look I
don't know why they're all admitting
this on national television but I guess
I'm thrilled about it wonderful because
now you're on the record it's clear as
day yes now you're definitely gonna need
to talk to the special counsel and
you're gonna need to tell them what you
know about what Trump did during the
campaign with the Russians and what
Steve Bannon knows as well that is
amazing now in the next interview on CNN
he went even further but this is more I
think those two clips for the most
important this is more speculative let's
watch smaller things that Trump is a
major achievement and I would tell you
like this agree with that okay keeps
going back and forth on whether he
colluded with the Russians or not in in
Trump's case of course it wouldn't be
the Manchurian Candidate with the
Siberian candidate now that is what I
have thought all along for reasons that
are obvious in public and and I think
there's a world of evidence out there
but what I think is not nearly it's
important to say the least as what
robert muller finds in the evidence and
reveals partly by talking to people like
sam Nonnberg who were there ok one more
this is his third show now all today
final clip for you guys I spent I'm
spending a lot of money on legal fees a
lot of other people are and granted
Donald Trump causes because he did any
because he decided to give an interview
to Lester Holt the day after he fired
James Comey and then he decided to have
the Russians in the Oval Office now I
don't know why none Bert keeps saying it
include but right there now for the
third time in interviews today may be a
reference to how Trump seemed to be
obstructing justice in colluding with
the Russians so that the first reference
that in that small clip there was why
did he admit in an unnatural TV to have
fired James Comey because of the Russian
investigation well that's a great
I'm not sure sam nunn Berg is the right
guy to ask that question about why
someone would admit things publicly that
they shouldn't on national television
but it is a fair question and leads to
the obvious conclusion that he's trying
to cover something up and he's saying
I'm got all these legal bills because he
was trying to cover up whatever he did
and then he says he then you know
brought in the rushes to the Oval Office
perhaps another sign of collusion now
look a that's the the weakest of the
evidence but that's none Burke himself
saying Trump did that and which is
causing all of these issues for me and
causing the whole investigation in the
first place can't wait to see what he
says them all are eventually either
before or after prison but this is now
at least the second Trump aid to come
forward and give an interview on
national television that makes no sense
in terms of how it affects them and the
liability that they have and the and
exposing them to further investigations
and subpoenas Carter page had done a
similar interview where he admitted
things that were so incredible that
Chris Hayes at the end of the interview
said I don't know if you know what
you're saying but you should definitely
get a lawyer okay
and maybe they're just emulating their
former boss Donald Trump who also goes
on national television and says things
he shouldn't say but there was a world
of tweets about I only want to share one
with you because I thought this one was
the best
Danielle Kelly said after watching the
the first interview Carter Paige
nobody's better at going on national TV
and incriminating and incriminating
themselves than I am sam nunn Berg hold
my beer okay fun for everybody
especially Robert Muller if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying get home like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
