did you know that Young Turks have 18
different shows become a TYT member and
get all of them click the link in the
description box below as we had
mentioned earlier George Soros had a or
one of his employees had discovered an
explosive device in his mailbox luckily
no one got hurt in the police
successfully and proactively detonated
the explosive device and so far we don't
know of any suspects but the authorities
are looking into it but one other
component of the story that I wanted to
touch on is the reaction that we're
seeing on social media from
right-wingers who have bought into all
of the conspiracy theories and
propaganda regarding George Soros now
look I I usually don't care about what
people say on Twitter because oftentimes
you just come across anonymous you know
eggs and people just say things to
provoke but a lot of these include
people with their full names and I just
think that it's important for us to get
the I like the thought process that some
of these people have so one person wrote
unfortunately Soros doesn't pick up his
own mail this person is anonymous
obviously but what does that even mean
so you'd be happy if he died from an
explosive device yeah of course that's
what it means yeah they're rooting on
terrorism and by the way these are all
in response to a Fox News tweet about it
so Fox News followers yeah exactly
that's an important piece so one other
person David Salvy co jr. says funding
the protesters mobs and whatever else
but it's okay for the Dems to attack the
Republicans that's why karma yeah nobody
like for example the other day we talked
about Mitch McConnell and how he got
yelled at at a Cuban restaurant in
Kentucky let's note for the record
there's Cuban restaurants in Kentucky so
we said it was out of bounds to throw
over a throw out his leftovers onto the
sidewalk a little different than a bomb
okay and that's as far as anyone has
gotten on the gun on the left and and we
say don't do that okay and telling your
elected representatives that you are
unhappy with their votes is the single
most American thing you could do
planting a bomb in someone's house
is the single-most terrorist thing you
could do one other person wrote saudis
haha i never want anything bad to happen
to anyone but i believe there is a very
special very warm place for him in the
very near future / i want something bad
to happen to this guy yeah amazing one
other person wrote finally a positive
start to our morning
it's Kevin McBride but these go on and
on and on and on right so do these
particular people tweeting represent all
Republicans since we're fair we're gonna
say of course not right and but you know
how Fox News would react if the shoes on
the other foot
if they put up bomb somebody put a bomb
and the Koch brothers mailbox which you
like we would say that is abhorrent
terrible disastrous right and Fox News a
host would find some get random dude on
Twitter and it would only take two they
like good enough it's all the Democrats
look at their mobs look at their
violence look at all their stuff big
they don't have that and they still say
it yep right and that so this whole talk
of you know how the left is violence is
both hilarious and sickening when the
right-wing literally in this case and in
many cases revels in violence violence
is there unfortunately their go-to move
and and so look again mainstream media
is not allowed to say because they don't
want to offend their viewers but they
had 17 people to pick from and
Republican voters picked Donald Trump so
if you think Donald Trump is vile and
his attack against Latinos Muslims
George Soros reporters you name it they
didn't pick him despite that they picked
them because of that the most accurate
thing Hillary Clinton has ever said in
her life was to say about half of
Trump's voters are the deplorable
unfortunately with this kind of reaction
to the applauding the terrorists on the
right wing I'm afraid the numbers a
little higher than half on the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to T YT at our new
caste Network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
