all of West Virginia's schools are
closed once again now of the seventh day
of this ongoing strike as negotiations
continue into a number of different
issues affecting the teachers there in
West Virginia also teachers around the
country but in West Virginia they're
fighting back right now
issues like low pay and especially
rising insurance costs there now we
thought briefly yesterday that there was
a deal but it didn't actually go through
earlier this week the governor announced
a plan to raise teachers salaries by
five percent and state union leaders
said teachers would return to work
yesterday but teachers across the state
of refused saying they will not return
until the state legislature compete
completes the deal and counties across
the state have kept schools closed and
turns out the teachers actually knew
something there because the deal didn't
go through the state Senate's Republican
majority refused Thursday to take up
legislation to give them that 5% raise
after four years without any raise
whatsoever but at least to their credit
the house had actually passed it so look
if they'd gone back yesterday to school
they wouldn't have actually gotten the
raise and then there would've been no
pressure anymore to do the race so
thankfully they stuck to their guns and
the strike continues now at this point
the strike is leaving two hundred and
fifty thousand children out of school
but students are planning to show
support there's a student-led protests
in Charleston actually right about now
I'm considering the times of it might
have already happened but the students
are thankfully standing with their
teachers so a lot of the Republican
ideologies
I help incredibly rich people and at
some point it trickles down on you what
the teachers are saying is my one I
haven't seen it - how about you just
help me like you know you have this
grand plan of like I'll give all the
money to the rich and you might get a
little piece of it they're like look
we're not asking for all the money we
haven't gotten a raise in four years can
we just get a 5% raise after four years
and and they I love that they didn't buy
into what the people in power told them
that the sorry the governor of West
Virginia is not to be trusted
at all donor justice switch from
Democrat to Republican for political
expedience but either way
he'd always served his corporate donors
and and not the people and then he made
a deal with the unions and they even the
union said okay now it's okay it's okay
go back to work everybody right
everything's gonna be fine and the House
passed it and the teachers had an
inkling as John pointed out that was
right there like maybe these scumbags
who've been lying to us our entire lives
are lying to us again this time and it
turns out they were right they were
lying and this Senate would scuttle the
deal I don't know that's the agreement
they had all along like Oh will hey
Republicans in the house go ahead pass
it 98 to one and the Democrats vote with
it too and then when they go back to
work the suckers will just have the
Senate kill it so no no kicky stay on
strike I love this people West Virginia
man I know you vote in Republican
because they told you that it's good
that if you don't you'll lose your job
and everything is gonna go bad a lot of
you've already lost your job and you've
already lost the races and the wages are
already miserable it's not too much to
ask for to fight back for you instead of
the people at the very top and the
reason that they're insisting on this 5%
is because the pay raise that they had
been given didn't cover the increase in
their health care costs which is the
state health care that they've been
receiving so they would be actually
getting less money because they're
paying more in for their health care and
I think West Virginia ranks around 48th
out of 50th in the country in terms of
teacher salaries so they're really
really low down there another state
where which is and I think the bottom
five is Oklahoma and there have been
reports that some counties have moved to
four-day school weeks because student
teachers excuse me are taking second
jobs at Walmart because they just can't
afford it so let this be a lesson I mean
I just want to bring it back to at least
some positive messaging if Democrats six
a single-payer this will resonate in
places like West Virginia because they
say hey look I can't even even if I get
a little raise it's not going to cover
my healthcare it's going I'm gonna be
making less money than I did before this
health insurance kept going up and up
and up so the reason they're sticking to
5% is so that they can actually get a
raise that's how they will get a raise
with the health with the health care
costs going up and I think even the most
important and I you know of course I
totally believe in Medicare for all but
I think the
most important thing to campaign on is
higher wages for you not for the rich
and then maybe they share it with you
know higher wages for you okay it's not
too much to ask for and in West Virginia
for example apology and Swearengen who's
just Democrat running on yes this health
care kit costs are out of control we
should do Medicare for all Medicare
works let us in but also higher wages
for the average person but all and and
it's not too much to ask for to have a
job and not to have your streams
poisoned like thanking the Republicans
in West Virginia have captured the state
in a way and they've created Stockholm
Syndrome like oh no my abusers has my
best interests in mind and if I don't do
what my abuser says they'll take
whatever little amount I have away why
does West Virginia have to be so poor
why do your teachers have to get paid
the worst that's not a fact it's not
something that has to happen it's a
thing that was created by the decisions
made by the politicians in your state so
why don't you throw the bums out yeah
now what's what's great there is that
you see the house went for it although
as we know maybe they didn't actually
mean it the Senate didn't go for it but
there's a convenient sort of out that
miraculously happens this year actually
happens a frequently it turns out that
all 100 seats in the house in West
Virginia are up for a lecture this year
along with half the 34 seats in the
Senate and teachers are saying that
they're going to pay attention to how
people vote and then they will vote
accordingly this might be an election
issue might be how many people have kids
come on yeah
look I I mentioned the just Democrats
and Paul gene Swearengen in West
Virginia running as a Democrat joe
Manchin corporate Democrat is one of
them because they don't take corporate
PAC money so that you know that they
serve you and and not their donors
instead the reason we can't trust any of
these politicians were they're Democrats
or Republicans is because they keep
taking that corporate money and then lo
and behold their solutions give all the
money to corporations and and we'll
worry about you guys later
I love that the teachers are saying no
you'll worry about us right that hell
now
okay that's supposed to be the fighting
spirit of West Virginia and finally if
you don't know there's a little-known
fact a governor Jim Justice Reese
switch from Democrat to Republican
because otherwise he would have been at
justice Democrat and we wouldn't have it
so there's some chance that's not true
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole Yonkers
show every day
