we've got a number of amazing updates
from yesterday's announcement that there
would be new tariffs on both steel and
aluminum 25% tariffs on steel 10%
tariffs on aluminum now that the first
part is that there are very real
concerns that this could spark some sort
of new international trade war and in
fact today we have indications that that
might be underway officials in China are
said to be considering some sort of
strike back in the forms of tariffs or
something related to that but we already
have details on one area the president
of the European Union said that they're
going to be instituting new tariffs on
products like Harley Davidsons Kentucky
Bourbon and blue jeans and I don't
remember the exact breakdown but for
each of those
they are chiefly manufactured in the
states of the leaders of the Senate and
the House you have a pelosi you have
mcconnell and ryan for those products so
they're sending a message and there's
some of sort of the most typically
american products but this is what we
can expect and indeed did expect when we
were talking about this topic over the
past couple of years but despite that
Trump isn't worried at all about a trade
war he tweeted this this morning when a
country USA he had to be clear is losing
many billions of dollars on trade with
virtually every country it does business
with trade wars are good and easy to win
example when we are down 100 billion
with a certain country and they get cute
don't trade anymore we win big it's easy
okay I love that example in because that
was confused and so example my god well
that clarifies it in it just think of
the cutest country you can think of
clearly that's Luxembourg as I was
thinking Japan Hello Kitty oh yeah so I
was led to believe that the trade was
complicated and nuanced but it turns out
it's actually really easy if you have a
trade deficit with a country stop
trading with them and then you won't
have a deficit is he and so some people
have a theory that Donald Trump is just
trying to make it more simple that he
could relate to his host no Jeremy
he doesn't understand yeah it's not for
the purpose of his voters for the
edification or to appeal to them in some
way he does not understand complex
issues in fact you will come out and say
things like no one new health care was
complicated ya know all the rest of us
knew it was complicated except for you
so trade deficits are not as easy as
well okay you know we're down a hundred
billion dollars in trade with China for
example to pick a random cute country
and and that means that if we stop
trading well now we're even know there's
that trade affects so many other
industries inside the United States and
and and has ramifications it's not just
a matter of you know there's a deficit
and we just wipe it out by not doing it
that is unbelievably ridiculously not
just simplistic but wrong yeah so you're
implying that there might be some sorts
of ripple effects and indeed there are
and so we're gonna try to educate the
president here it turns out that while
he seems to think that you set up this
big tariff and then the countries say
China just pays for it and then the
products continue on as they always have
that obviously isn't how it actually
works especially when you're talking
about raw materials like steel and
aluminum that are used in so many
different products in the US and so
we're gonna do just a brief and this is
not nearly all encompassing you can go
and find more examples of this an
overview of different areas of the US
economy already talking about how this
is going to affect them first we have in
the automotive industry auto sales have
flattened in recent months and
manufactured this from the American
International Automobile Dealers
Association president Cody Lusk auto
sales have flattened in recent months
and manufacturers are not prepared to
absorb a sharp increase in the cost to
build cars and trucks in America
obviously the burden of these tariffs as
always will be passed on to the American
consumer closes by saying this would
place the US automotive industry which
supports more than seven million
American jobs at a competitive
disadvantage and I was at Wilbur Ross
that went on TV today and said oh it'll
just make your car a few hundred dollars
more who cares about that well perhaps
the billionaires do not care about that
but for most people it will be
significant and you will be the one to
pay for it not the automotive industry
but it's not just cars it's also smaller
products that you're more likely to buy
on a daily basis MillerCoors one of the
biggest sellers of beers in america says
we buy as much domestic can sheet
aluminum as is available however there
simply isn't enough supply to satisfy
the demands
American beverage makers like us
American workers and American consumers
will suffer as a result of this
misguided tariff I'm not even to go
through all these but you have the
boating industry is concerned about this
you have the American retail
Manufacturers Association saying that no
this is going to affect almost every
industry and what it is in effect is a
tax on American consumers every single
American consumer and the less money
that you make the more likely it is that
you will spend all the money you make
and that means you will be affected far
more than those higher up on the
economic ladder because so many things
that are associated with things that we
buy are made up of parts that's not as
though you're buying the entire thing
and many of those parts come from
countries that were now going to be in a
trade war with and as genk says he
doesn't understand our president and and
by the way he was I remember remember
that rap about oh but he's a billionaire
and so he's gonna know you know so much
about the economy as it turns out he
doesn't know anything about the economy
he doesn't know any of the settled he
says know any of the complexities he was
a bad businessman who had six
bankruptcies and basically stiffed a
bunch of contractors and ended up in
court with them so he's that kind of
businessman and now he's having to do
real business and the subtleties of very
delicate economic relationship with with
countries worldwide are lost on him this
is a war you can't win you know he
should just remember you can't win any
war economic war trade war or fighting
war and and we would be better served
but he doesn't get that yeah and his
focus on trade it's not about making
jobs come back to the United States it's
not about raising wages for American
workers it's really just about who's on
top who is going to win in this trade
deficit there's no progressive angle
like when progressives criticized and
after TPP it's because you know it's
it's giving out handouts to corporations
or it's essentially making wages lower
and sending jobs overseas making us
compete with people in Mexico or China
etc there's no nuance in that it's just
essentially we're not winning with this
and it's also just an effort to kind of
just say I'm going after China too yes
so so let me give you a little bit more
context to it as well so okay yeah
and it's not by the way a
black-and-white issue so under no
circumstance would any terror
would ever make sense and by the way
it's not just a right-wing or left-wing
position some on the left are in favor
of protectionism and in fact the labor
you use like afl-cio applauded this move
so it's it's nuanced and in a put in the
political landscape as well but to give
more context to what John was saying
alright so let's say we protect our
steel workers and warned you would and
that's why the labor unions and the
steel companies are happy with it but
now your cars are more expensive so wait
what happened to your trade deficit
because now not only are the cars more
expensive inside the United States but
when you go to sell them in other places
they will also be more expensive hence
less people will buy them which will
create a larger trade deficit so now
let's look and say oh you steal an
aluminum bigger or are the products that
steal an aluminum effect a bigger part
of our industry well there is an answer
to that the industries that use steel
are employed 80 times as many people as
steel producing industries so they
affect 80 times as many employees as
there are in the steel industry just
that's not steel alone so when you
affect has had that effect go all across
our economy and affect our exports this
my tire on eclis actually increase our
trade deficits now again you'll have to
see how it plays out and see it let
alone the consequences of China and most
especially European Union and our allies
like Canada were enraged by this
striking back which would then have a
different effect on our trade deficits
and would move the numbers again but
Trump looks and goes what do you mean
what do you mean I do a tariff I didn't
you know my steel stronger and then I do
the trade deficit drops that's not how
it works and it's unfortunate that we
have a president who done doesn't
understand complicated policy matters
and then makes decisions off-the-cuff on
an issue of great importance for jobs
and the entire world economy and what
you just described is a solitary action
either we were talking earlier about the
solar industry and in a very similar way
he announced massive 30% tariffs on
solar cells in sorts of technology that
are brought into the US and then our
used to install solar like development
and stuff like that
we need that stuff outside of the from
outside of the US and so to to seemingly
to protect the coal industry maybe the
oil industry things like that because we
know that solar power is becoming far
more cost competitive over the past few
years he puts up this big tariff and
it's gonna end up costing more jobs from
the solar industry than it will ever
gain back in the coal industry and it's
possible over the next few years
you might lose more jobs from the solar
industry that are currently working in
the coal industry almost sure yep that's
yeah that's what he went for and if I
could just quickly summarize it's all
willing to talk about the individual
companies and I think that we need to
because I don't think people understand
how many ripple effects this will have
but we know immediately what the I mean
one indicator of the economy anyway
thinks initially stock markets took a
nosedive early today after he doubled
down on the tariffs in his early talk
you know we showed you one of those
tweets the Dow Jones Industrial Average
was down roughly 300 points and the S&P
500 also dropped more than half a
percentage point it's possible some of
that might stabilize over time but
initially it certainly doesn't look like
this is a very popular move and we're
gonna talk a little bit more but we do
have a far more personal component of
this and the area of corruption that is
gonna be very interesting yeah one last
thing on whatever mentioned so the left
is split on this in some ways and it
definitely matters how you do the
execution but one of the reasons that
the left is opposed to a lot of these
trade deals is not because of tariffs
some on the left are right but but I
think the the major concern is certainly
the one that I have is who writes the
trade deals so it's not to say that we
shouldn't have trade that would be
preposterous right so the question is
what's in the trade deals and who's in
charge so the main issue of for example
trans-pacific partnership was that they
were written largely by corporations and
in fact for a long time our congressmen
were not even allowed to see the deal
and now when they were allowed to see it
they were not allowed to bring staff or
lawyers or any help to look at the deal
then that you go well who's in charge
and and for whose benefit are we writing
these deals because just because kokis
ostensibly an American company which
doesn't really mean anything is
shareholders are
all across the world doesn't mean that
that benefits the American citizens and
the government is not supposed to be run
by and for corporations it's supposed to
be run by and for people the actual
citizens so the those are the bigger
issues in trade that of course Donald
Trump doesn't touch and doesn't mind
much cuz he likes the corporate donors
and so he's only done in my opinion the
worst part of protectionism without
actually doing the positive parts yeah
and I will add that it may just dupe a
few people unfortunately the Democrats
have pinned themselves into a corner by
Hillary Clinton being for TPP and then
kind of backing out of it and Obama
being a champion for it a lot of
Democrats being for it you know unions
and people in the middle of the country
hate that and now Trump can at least put
a feather in his cap and say I did this
and so now Democrats look like the party
of shipping job overseas and Trump looks
like at least I'm putting tariffs on
steel and you know making sure that we
keep steel in the country or jobs in the
country but these are trade agreements
and just like he was down on the Iranian
nuclear deal these are trade agreements
that are in place we do have trade
relationships that have been codified
they've been you know it this is a a
real agreement and I mentioned the Iran
deal because just like that he wants to
swim away from that deal and to whatever
extent he wants to bust up these
arrangements that we have with existing
global partners on trade people are
going to be less trusting of the US on
future deals so there is a ripple effect
just from a standpoint of diplomacy and
future economic and trade agreements
that will make worldwide and and look I
saw I opposed this for all the reasons
that we've stated here I think it's a
bad idea overall and I think the
president doesn't understand all the
consequences that will flow for him but
I do want to give him credit on one
thing to Emmas point he promised on the
campaign trail that he would do tariffs
he's doing tariffs so I think that that
is a populist position it might not
necessarily be a great policy position
the Democrats did get outflanked on it
when it comes to unions and the average
American worker now it might wind up
having really bad consequences for our
economy in which case it'll blow up on
Trump but you'd have do have to give him
credit oftentimes politicians say one
thing and do the other which Trump is
done on
thousands of every but on this issue he
said he would do tariffs and he did
tariffs okay I am NOT gonna give a look
at though what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you get a completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
