whoa no way let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration calm
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service speed I know it just gets better
man 10% of the revenue goes to charity I
mean it doesn't get any more Lib than
this and no funding of political
campaigns or industry lobby so if you
were looking for a progressive place to
put your money I think we've got your
answer for you aspiration com Treasury
secretary Steve minutia
went to UCLA to give a talk about the
economy and economics and some of the
students were not in favor of his
appearance or the fact that he was
giving this talk in fact there were
protesters outside who were handing out
some literature that was against
venusian and then as you can probably
predict some of the students spoke out
as he was trying to speak to the
audience now we have two videos to give
you an example of this but before we get
to those videos I want to give you
another important portion of this story
which is the fact that minuchin reached
out to UCLA and essentially told the
administrators that he is rescinding his
agreement to allow the video of the talk
to be posted online so UCLA as an
institution will not post it in fact
UCLA let's go back to that graphic you
see a spokeswoman Peggy McCurry wrote in
an email that minuchin has retracted his
permission for the Burkle Center to post
its video and podcast of yesterday's
event on its website so we are unable to
share either recording with you well the
students made recordings of their own
and we are about to show you what those
recordings are right now take a look
so you know it's it's kind of hard to
pay attention to what they're saying but
you know there are pretty informed
students and they're arguing about how
the tax bill actually tax law now
negatively impacts the poor particularly
minority communities and so they have
legitimate concerns but I'm not sure
this is the best way to handle it
because it's it's easy for people to
dismiss you and make it seem as though
you have no legitimate points when you
go about it this way and I don't want to
be too hard on the students because I
think they're smart and I think they
have good points and they want to be
heard and they're frustrated they're
angry but I I want to go about it in a
strategy that'll be more effective so
yeah so I have mixed feelings look I
love that we hold people in power
accountable and and I my hybrid approach
here is protests in some way that allows
them to speak whether it's you you know
you say something in the beginning and
then stop or you turn your back to them
or whatever it might be
so I don't want to not protest them and
they're making perfectly good points but
but at some point we have to let them
speak and it does put the cops and they
handled it I think okay there but in a
tough position where they've got to
physically take you out of the room
otherwise he can't speak and then we
haven't heard him and look at me
I think tax law is horrific I agree with
the students I think their points are
well-taken I think manoosh is a clown he
also complained
the the host who's the host of
marketplace radio program Kai R is Alan
said to these buyers so what unless
someone agrees with you and thinks that
the tax cuts should go mainly to the
rich that they're biased no he's asking
you questions right right so so minutiae
would have complained about everything
ended complain about everything right so
I actually was on a panel at UCLA last
year actually about a year ago and the
two professors that I was on that panel
with were not progressives at all and it
was great it was a great conversation I
mean we disagreed quite a bit and it was
kind of sad to see these educated men
make some of the points that they made
but it does it doesn't matter we're
having a conversation and even if people
disagreed with me or disagreed with
those professors I wouldn't want anyone
to disrupt that conversation there was a
Q&A portion of it which i think is a
great opportunity to ask the tough
questions and call them out you know
call them out let them speak and during
the Q&A you know say what you need to
say make the comments you need to make
and then ask the tough questions I think
that and that will allow for a situation
where people will take you seriously and
you get that message across effectively
and and look I think about it in my own
context as well when when I was at
Politico and I was invited on one of the
panels and it was about how
conservatives can appeal to Millennials
and the audience was full of
conservatives everyone on that panel
with the exception of maybe one person
were very conservative and they wouldn't
let me talk they just would not let me
talk and it was incredibly frustrating
so I wouldn't want anyone else with a
different political ideology to deal
with that either
I hear the conservator for freedom of
speech so that's kind of weird yeah it's
important especially on a college campus
thing I have an exchange of ideas even
if you're absolutely convinced that that
you're right and I'm convinced that
you're right
and I and I have the facts to back it up
that tax bill in case you're actually
concerned about the substance of it
everybody in the top 1% gets over a
fifty thousand dollar tax break on
average and after 2027 everyone making
less than $75,000 gets their taxes in
so it is redistribution of wealth to the
top so their points about the bill were
fantastic but then you also partly turn
them into a victim and it's just it
doesn't help it really really doesn't
help just let let him say the absurd
points that he's gonna make counter
those points yes that's very important
but I keep I keep saying no we've been
consistent on it all along let him speak
but if he did one freedom of speech by
the way it is also slightly ironic that
he's now banning the video of his own
speech I know it's kind of amazing I
would argue that releasing the full
video would actually be better yeah
because then at least people can see the
full context of what's going on as
opposed to what some of the students are
posting
