whoa no way let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration calm
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service speed I know it just gets better
man 10% of the revenue goes to charity I
mean it doesn't get any more Lib than
this and no funding of political
campaigns or industry lobby so if you
were looking for a progressive place to
put your money I think we've got your
answer for you aspiration com Jared
Kushner this week lost his top-level
security clearance
and so since Muller does not really
speak about his investigation much and
we don't know the details of that
investigation
there has been an investigation by
reporters into some of the business
dealings that Kushner has had that could
have potentially compromised him when it
comes to his job as a member of trumps
administration now this has nothing to
do with Russia so everybody calmed down
it has more to do with banks in the
United States meetings that he had with
these banks while he was in the White
House and the gigantic loans that his
family's business real-estate business
got immediately after those meetings so
let me give you the details on that
so there's Apollo which is a private
equity firm in November Apollo lent 184
million dollars to mr. Kushner's family
real estate firm Kushner companies the
loan was to refinance the mortgage on a
Chicago skyscraper keep in mind that
that amount was a little unusual from
Apollo it was tripled the size of the
average property loan made by Apollo's
real estate lending arm securities
filings show so there's Apollo that's
pretty large amount of money but then
you move on to Citigroup an even larger
loan came from Citigroup which lent the
firm and one of its partners 325 million
dollars to help finance a group of
office buildings in Brooklyn again when
we reference firm here it's Jared
Kushner's family's real estate company
the loan was made in the spring of 2017
shortly after mr. Kushner met
the White House with Citigroup's chief
executive Michael corbat the two men
talked about financial and trade policy
and did not discuss mr. Kushner's family
business one person said so there are
multiple sources that are speaking to
the New York Times about these meetings
and that is what they claimed but some
of you might wonder ok well what would a
private equity firm like Apollo possibly
want
what would Citibank or Citigroup
possibly want well Apollo has sought
ways to benefit from the White House's a
possible infrastructure plan and its
executives had tens of millions of
dollars personally at stake in the tax
overhaul that was making its way through
Washington last year when it got when it
comes to Citigroup one of the country's
largest banks is it's right now heavily
regulated by federal agencies and like
other financial companies it's trying to
get the government to relax its
oversight of the industry all right so
three points here number one this is why
you avoid conflict of interests because
now we'll never know do we know for sure
that Citigroup met with Kushner and they
give them the giant loan to his family
because they wanted tax breaks or other
regulatory issues like by the way
destroying dodd-frank which trump
administration is in the middle of doing
well a lot of people would rightfully
say of course yeah that they want those
things and then the people in power they
Greece by giving them this giant loan
but even if that's not the case
you've obviously created an appearance
of a conflict of interest and an
appearance of corruption
well the comic of interest is definite
but it is an appearance of corruption so
that's why we don't want conflict of
interest issues that's why you shouldn't
meet with people who are you're gonna
pass laws about while they're giving
your family hundreds of millions of
dollars so now that's point one point
two is Apollo
now they got something really important
in return which I'll get to his point
three but they I didn't know this there
they gave the money through their
real-estate fund okay and they real
estate fund apparently is their largest
investor is the government of Qatar
that's interesting that's interesting on
a couple of front
first of all as a foreign government i
hear the foreign governments getting
involved in our politics is really
really bad okay but somehow it's Qatar
and whatever okay all right so but then
the second point is one that this
article from the New York Times did not
connect and I don't know if they're
connected but let me just note that
Kushner was looking for five hundred
million dollars for one of his
properties in New York the biggest one
666 5th Avenue he first tried to sell it
to the Chinese a company called on bond
which is owned by the Chinese government
while he was in the transition period
he's going to go and serve the president
soon dealing with the Chinese government
and they were gonna weigh overpay and it
was so controversial that the Chinese
government's like okay forget it and
they backed out right this is just too
ugly
it's very brazen by the way in the
process of the transition it was unreal
that yeah that was record-breaking
corruption and Kushner's not the one who
backed out the Chinese backed out
they're like look this looks bad even
for us okay then Kushner then went to
the government of Qatar and asked for
five hundred million dollars and again
Qatar backed out because they're like no
everybody's paying attention this
doesn't look good
okay then look at this through two
different properties Kushner companies
gets five hundred million dollars part
of it is from Citibank the other part is
from in a roundabout way the government
of Qatar now it really might be for
those two different properties and not
for Fifth Avenue which is in a lot of
trouble that's that's their biggest
building and in a world of hurt right
it might bankrupt the whole company if
it goes under right so but it does
happen to be five hundred million
dollars in both cases and it is funneled
at least part of it through the
government of Qatar at least and the
conduit is Apollo and he had many
meetings with this guy from Apollo
wasn't just one meeting and they said
why nay he's the founder but does that
he didn't work on that particular loan
oh come on that's totally ridiculous
he's still involved in this family's
business and you know it's the same
situation with Trump where he's like
yeah blind trust I don't even know if he
actually did the blind trust
he claimed he would do it and it doesn't
appear there is no blind trust she Trump
handed off to his kids that's not a
blind trust blind trust is you handed
off to a lawyer and you don't know where
your money is and hence there's no copy
of interest Trump knows exactly where
his money is mar-a-lago all of his
properties run by his kids who he talks
to all the time in the case of Kushner
he says why divested from the company
right actually some of these buildings
he still has money in yes so the
conflict of interest is 100 percent yeah
okay and the final part of it is back to
Apollo so Apollo could fund on the money
that Krishna said maybe they make a
profit it's possible you know we don't
know that part's not clear so that would
give them one incentives the other
incentives to help the guys in power and
what would Apollo want in return well
Trump during the campaign had said that
he was gonna take away a loophole that
allowed private equity companies and
their owners to pay half the taxes they
normally would well guess what happened
they didn't take away the loophole right
so private equity guys like the ones
that run Apollo got to keep their
loophole and cut their taxes in half
well that gives you a lot of incentive
to give a loan even if you're not gonna
get the best rates or the best deal out
of it so mission accomplished
