this morning a very important story
about interfering in our elections by a
potentially foreign sources this time
about Bernie Sanders whoa this is very
interesting leveling the charge among
many others is Howard Dean who believe
it or not at some point wasn't
progressive before he became a lobbyist
in Washington so he tweets out this in
regards to the charges against Bernie
Sanders let's take a look it says and
all in caps very trumpian apparently the
Russians weren't the only ones screwing
around with our elections and then
Sanders fine for accepting foreign
donations in 2016 election Wow jeezum
lord mercy and on the Australians were
trying to buy our elections and and they
were going with a curious path of
backing Bernie Sanders fascinating well
I mean if Howard Dean was paid to say
something then it must be true so let's
take a look at the article and and
figure out how devastating this is okay
senator Bernie Sanders presidential
campaign will pay fourteen thousand five
hundred dollars as part of an agreement
with the Federal Election Commission
over allegations that the campaign
wrongfully accepted in-kind donations
from an Australian political party now
Wow I wonder what they did that they
funneled all sorts of money to him and
then I bought the Facebook pages and
fake news and all that I guess I don't
know I mean it seems really serious it's
fourteen thousand five hundred dollar
fine whoa
okay so let's find out the complaint
centered on a group of seven Australians
who volunteered for the Vermont
independence 2016 presidential bid oh it
was a bunch of volunteers they didn't
funnel any money or just volunteers so
why is this even an issue well the
Australian Labor Party paid a total of
twenty four thousand four hundred twenty
two dollars for the volunteers flights
and stipends according to the FEC
document provided by the Sanders
campaign so apparently they paid for the
flights and these volunteers show up
then they're not donating to Sanders
campaign so the Sanders campaign thinks
Oh
just came in from Australia lovely right
and this is was it so that the
Australian Labor Party could interfere
on our elections no there's seven
Australians who wanted to help Bernie
Sanders and somebody paid for their
Airlines because okay but look if it's a
technical violation god bless first of
all Sanders cooperated 100% all
throughout of course and and okay do
whatever the process is and that's fine
and they pay a fourteen thousand dollar
fine but this is like a big gotchu
really I mean are you seeing it
earnestly for the establishment guys you
really think like Sanders in the bag for
the for the Australian so everybody
knows that he just sell out the country
to the Australians
come on you're saying this with a
straight face you're comparing it to the
Russian interference etc okay one more
piece of context the Sanders campaign
argued that the campaign did not ask the
Australian party to send the volunteers
norther cover their expenses they also
argued that those some campaign staff
members knew that the Australia's
receive stipends they quote mistakenly
believed that the services were
performed by the ALP delegates
constitute exempt volunteer activity
according to the conciliation document
okay so there was a slight
misunderstanding about a rule just to be
safe
Sanders settles anyway according to the
FEC document no volunteers participated
in hands-on activity typical of
volunteers including canvassing and
planning events Wow seems really to
various knocking on doors there is no
money being funneled in nobody's trying
to by anyone to make a federal case out
of this as oh no in fact that goes to
the hypocrisy and the corruption of the
Federal Election Commission so if you
don't know the FEC split into three
Democrats and three Republicans whenever
a Republican has investigated the three
Republicans block it and they grab in
fact there was a recent story we did
about the how the Chinese are funneling
money in through a trade group in
America and the Republicans are like
wait where's the money being funneled to
a Republican candidates yet no I don't
see any problem we're not going to
escape that and if it's a Democratic
candidate Democrats go nope not gonna
investigate it so the FPC almost does
nothing at all but the one guy they
decided to lay a hammer on on the most
inconsequential issue I have ever seen
on this topic Bernie Sanders why the
Republicans are like oh we'd love to
bury Bernie Sanders they'd go to the
Democrats Democrats like we'd love to
burry Bernie Sanders you've got a deal
for the first time ever that PC will do
something by the way where did all this
come from it was a Republican from New
Hampshire named O'Brien he filed a
complaint with the FEC in 2016 after the
release of videos filmed by the
conservative group project Veritas
according to WMUR a local station Howard
Dean and other Hillary Clinton's
supporters you're quoting Project
Veritas one the worst right wing hatchet
job fake news organizations there is an
America how many progressives have they
gone after with lies they these are the
guys who smear Planned Parenthood and
the list goes on and you're gonna back
their claims against Bernie Sanders how
much do you despise progressives how
much do you want to keep that gravy
train going yes you're right Bernie
Sanders might get money out of politics
yes you're right he would end the
corruption and for the rest of us that's
great news
but if you're part of the corrupt who
you do not like that at all but to be
fair now you guys all know that perhaps
one of the major candidates Donald Trump
might have gotten interference on a
different scale not a bunch of
volunteers who wanted to come help him
but Hillary Clinton is the one that
Howard Dean supported she must have been
completely clean of any of this because
I know because the FEC didn't
investigate her except for this from
WikiLeaks the CBS quotes this was from
right before the election Clinton
National Finance Director Dennis Chang
wrote in April that the campaign needed
to make a policy decision
allow those lobbying on behalf of
foreign governments to raise money for
the Clinton campaign after some debate
campaign manager Robby Mook responded
that he was okay just taking the money
in dealing with any attacks and Jennifer
Palmieri agreed take the money
oh I'm sure the FEC is just working
around the clock to make sure that they
put those people away well that's a way
worst case it's not a bunch of
volunteers who came in looking to help a
fellow progressive it was foreign money
they knew it was foreign money campaign
manager and and other top staffers says
take the money I'm okay with taking the
money and dealing with any attacks later
don't worry Robbie you're part of the
establishment there aren't gonna be any
attacks later the FEC is gonna protect
you no matter what and then ironically
they're gonna go after the one guy who
is not corrupt this is how dirty
establishment politics is played by the
way the what happened to Howard Dean
from a progressive fighter to a
supporter of the rich and the powerful
and and going on Morning Joe and and
doing what he's paid to do as a lobbyist
it's just one of the sickest things I've
ever seen it's it's so sad it's so sad
and I really I mean that in all honesty
I defended a howardino billion times on
this show when he was the progressive
when he was being attacked by the
establishment for him to turn around and
do their dirty work I'm not sure I've
ever seen anything sadder in politics if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
