so the president is on a warpath against
his own Attorney General Jeff Sessions
already maniacal and then he's gonna
take you to a different level today at
least in the stories that were broken
today I'm gonna get to that in a second
but first let me give you some
background as you might have seen this
week Donald Trump tweeted why is
Attorney General Jeff Sessions asking
the Inspector General to investigate
investigate potentially massive FISA
abuse because that's what the Inspector
General if there is abuse is supposed to
investigate and in fact sessions is
trying to help you investigate something
that is not necessarily an actual
scandal at all and he says at the end of
the tweet isn't the Inspector General
and Obama guy why not use just
Department lawyers and he says in big
capital letters Trump says about session
it's disgraceful I have never seen a
president call his own attorney general
graceful no one has because it's a crazy
thing to do if you think your attorney
general is this graceful you should fire
him instead of tweeting publicly okay
they asked Jeff Sessions about it
normally he doesn't strike back but this
time he had two answers this is so
unreal over the top he said as long as I
am the Attorney General I will continue
to discharge my duties with integrity
and honor and this department will
continue to do its work in a fair and
impartial manner according to the law
and the Constitution in other words no
I'm not going to cover for you when
we're gonna follow the law here I can't
believe he's got me defending Jeff
Sessions but in this contest of tulo
some people Trump is not only worse but
Sessions is right on the law if you
think there's an abuse you ask the
inspector general you don't do a
political hatchet job because your boss
asks you to okay now Washington Post
will new story out today Trump is
apparently told associates that he has
hired the best lawyers for his entire
life but has stuck with sessions who is
not defending him and is not
sufficiently loyal for the 18th time can
someone educate the president the
Attorney General is the chief law
enforcement officer in the country he is
not your lawyer he's not the president's
personal lawyer he's the chief law
it's been officer in the country so if
you have broken the law Donald Trump he
is supposed to investigate you in this
case he didn't he recused himself and he
let the Deputy Attorney General make the
case or not make the case do the
investigation or not doing the
investigation he recused himself so he's
not part of this right but he's like why
did you recuse yourself you're supposed
to defend me if somebody's doing a valid
investigation of me no he's not he's not
supposed to do that by the way even if
you thought that Donald Trump you're not
supposed to be so stupid as to say it
publicly because then you're admitting
in front of the whole country that you
are trying to obstruct justice but it
gets I mean both worse and funnier I
guess in a sense the post continues
behind the scenes Trump has derisively
referred to sessions as mr. Magoo a
cartoon character who was elderly myopic
and bubbling according to people with
whom he has spoken it's his own attorney
general mr. Magoo I imagine if Obama was
making fun of Hillary Clinton when she
was Secretary of State behind the scenes
and giving her stupid nicknames Hey look
at Daffy Duck over there we likewise he
mentally stable and of course that's the
point here the president is not anywhere
near mentally stable and he is in a
panic to cover up what whatever he did
in with the Russians because he has got
to end that investigation in fact now
the investigation of course is looking
at why he's in a panic why is
obstructing justice in plain view in
front of all of us so in recent months
Muller's team has questioned witnesses
in detail about Trump's private comments
and state of mind in late July and early
August of last year around the time he
issued a series of tweets belittling his
beleaguered Attorney General these
people said the thrust of the questions
was to determine whether the president's
goal was the out sessions in order to
pick a replacement who would exercise
control over the investigation into
possible coordination between Russia and
Trump associates during the 2016
election these people said now
that there's your obstruction of justice
now look it's not easy to prove
if Muller wants to prove that he's gonna
have to show two things one he wanted
that Trump wanted sessions to leave so
he can get someone to do his political
dirty work and kill the investigation
one is he wants sessions to leave for
that reason well Trump has basically
admitted that in public and apparently
in private so that part's easy that
part's already done and Trump did it for
Muller the second part is still really
hard he to have to show specifically
with intent that Trump wanted to remove
sessions so that he could end the
investigation because he thinks the
investigation is going to uncover
something about him look I don't know
that Muller can prove that but it would
have been much harder to prove yet if
you had to prove both parts but Trump
proved the first part for me yeah I
definitely want to get rid of sessions
and it's definitely about this
investigation okay one last thing there
at the time the White House adviser told
The Washington Post reported that Trump
was stunned that sessions had not yet
quit when he was calling him weak and
beleaguered the president said that the
adviser added had been hoping the
Attorney General would be so embarrassed
by Trump's scathing comments that he
would leave Trump in this period also
ordered his then chief of staff Reince
Priebus to get a resignate resignation
letter from sessions again if they have
all that on the record in the
investigation
now they're two-thirds of the way
through proving that he was trying to
obstruct justice
I want sessions to leave I want him to
leave because of the investigation make
him resign don't notice much left there
you know in in order to prove that he's
trying to get him to get out of there
because he wants to end the
investigation of himself which is
obviously illegal obviously it's
obviously everyone except the president
and of course ironically his myopic
followers so speaking of which let's go
to irony now let's have a little bit of
fun that's the serious part so if you
didn't grow up watching mr. Magoo you
might want some background on him and
this is good
the original Magoo Washington Post
reports in a different article
was rich resentful of the youth
pro-business and functionally blind and
there was a riff and it was a riff on
the myopic conservatism of 1950s America
hmm that kinda sounds like the
conservatism of today so mr. Magoo was
actually a character being fun of
conservatives back then
and I get the Trump's attacks against
sessions are not that complicated and
they're not too cerebral and not based
on necessarily the history of the actual
cartoon of mr. Magoo it's probably more
because of looks so let's take a look
here
so that's Jeff Sessions this is mr.
Magoo this is Jeff Sessions and mr.
Magoo
that is a rare point I will concede the
Donald Trump okay now the fact of the
original mr. Magoo here's some
descriptions of him in a book about him
he was an irascible millionaire huh who
does that sound like not Jeff Sessions
but perhaps a certain president that we
know hold on he had quote absolute
self-confidence uh-oh and he wreaked
havoc upon others I'm pretty sure I know
who that is that's that guy and finally
just a fun little fact for you guys to
end the segment having nothing to do
with politics the original voice of mr.
Magoo was Jim Backus Thurston Howell
from Gilligan's Island apparently had a
little niche in doing rich people's
voices so god bless Jim Backus it was a
fun part of my youth okay and what's
gonna be really fun is seeing Donald
Trump in handcuffs if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network com
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
