I ran into a former hedge fund a very
well-known hedge fund guy um without
giving away his identity he said
something to me and he said he was
talking about the economy doesn't
understand why I backed Bernie Sanders
doesn't understand our view of economics
and he looks at me goes you know I just
think by the time 2020 happens people
are just gonna feel like the economy is
better well but they don't and they
don't now and they didn't during Obama
and and clearly there was a retaliation
he goes no but it's just getting better
and this is before the stock market
crash to be fair mmm I said well this is
a it seems to be based on your view of
what the economy is you know the economy
too you might feel better because you're
able to take out money from wherever you
you're liquid or you have you can you
know take out loans but to the average
person it doesn't feel better because
even if they have a job they're not able
to you know she get access to the same
type of finances that you are but
fundamentally I just couldn't understand
how he couldn't see it
and so I guess my question is what
you're describing with mmt to me it
seems logical and it actually works in
favor of a lot of Wall Street executives
but and and maybe even you know
Republicans if they're concerned with
the deficit and if they're concerned
with spending if they have this basic
understanding that of the economy the
way that you look at it why do you think
they're unable to switch their their
their brains and kind of open it up a
little bit and see things through this
lens I mean I think that people we could
look at what Republicans have done both
with the tax cuts and with the 300
billion or so in spending and say they
seem to kind of get mmt right I mean you
could make that argument now this is not
how my colleagues and I those scholars
that have produced the literature that's
now known as mmt these are not the
policies that we would have implemented
but it is the case that you know its
expansion Airy fiscal policies they're
cutting taxes and increasing government
spending and they're hoping that they're
doing it in such a way that they're
gonna generate 3% growth that's their
target right that's the number that the
White House and the administration keep
touting we need three percent we need
three percent so you know it sounds to
me
like what this person your you're not
naming is trying to say is that this is
this is gonna work and that people are
going to start feeling better as a
result of this now Democrats could could
employ the insights of mmt and say
because we understand that we have a
sovereign currency and that we are not
like a business and we're not on a gold
standard that we can better fund
education and infrastructure and R&D and
we can do programs that Democrats like
and we can improve the growth of the
economy employment and all those things
so mmt can be deployed for good or evil
so to speak but it's an interesting
question you know I'm not entirely
convinced that he's wrong in the sense
that you know every tax cut is going to
increase somebody's disposable income
right so it's true that these tax cuts
are disproportionately favored those at
the very top right no question about
that right but when the Joint Committee
on taxation one of the one of
scorekeeping agencies in DC looked at
the Republican tax cuts they said in
every Des aisle of the income
distribution people will on average see
higher take-home pay whether you're the
bottom 10% for the top 10% or any 10% in
between there's going to be an average
on average people are going to take home
more money now those at the very top
take home a lot more and those at the
very bottom take home a little bit more
you might have seen I'm sure you did the
the Paul Ryan deleted tweaked about the
dollar fifty about 50 right about 50 or
whatever but you know people are going
to notice something and how much they
notice and how much better it makes them
feel and then on the other hand how much
do their health care premiums go up how
much do the loss of other deductions and
so forth hurt them on balance I don't
know what's going to happen
