companies who sell life insurance
policies and long-term care policies are
very much concerned about the upper hand
you have as a consumer who has done
genetic testing through services like
23andme and the reason why they're
concerned about it is because you are
armed with knowledge about your own
health that could give you an advantage
over these insurance companies so
according to a recent report insurance
companies particularly those that offer
these long term care programs take a
risk offering these policies insurers
know that the percentage of the general
population will become ill or die at a
particular time in life but they don't
know who exactly so when they offer
these policies of course they do it for
profit and they take a calculated risk
when they grant someone the sale of that
policy you know they can deny the policy
for certain individuals who are
unhealthy or or deemed a risk but now
that we have these tests and now that
they're not connected to our insurance
in any way they don't have to be
reported to the medical industry in any
way these insurance companies are
worried that you know if you know that
you have some sort of genetic
predisposition to an illness you'll sign
up for these services and they'll lose
money that's what they're concerned
about of course so one of these sure's
said now we would never use this
information to discriminate okay what
would you use it for you're gonna find
out what was the guy who's gonna die in
five years but I not die in progress but
it's gonna have an extended end-of-life
which is what this insurance is for but
I won't use that I guess I'll charge of
the same rate right then why do you want
to find out right so during an industry
meeting one of the CEO or one of the
executives for one of these companies
said these tests offer an opportunity to
game the system and apply for long-term
care insurance without the insurance or
the risk and by the way keep in mind
that when it comes to these companies
you know there are luckily for now
regulations that prevent them
obtaining this type of genetic
information so state and federal laws
like the genetic information
non-discrimination Act specifically
forbid health insurers from
discriminating against anyone because of
a genetic predisposition to a particular
disease but come on like so I'll tell
you the loophole they're using to get
around that so if you went to your
doctor and and got some testing well
when they ask you for your doctor's
records when they're giving you the
insurance oh it's in there
so golly gee how did I wind up getting
that information and and that's how they
use it against you by the way it's not a
plug for 23andme but those guys that
they're not your doctors so they it's
harder to get access to that information
right exactly that's why these insurance
companies are really mad at things like
23andme they're like give me that info
they say it's an unfair advantage to the
consumer that they get to have
information that the insurance company
doesn't have oh I know we the consumer
is so unfair to these giant corporations
it's ridiculous by the way look for now
I know that you these companies are have
a very difficult time trying to obtain
this type of information and 23andme
as far as I know and other similar
companies that offer these services are
not sharing this information with these
insurance companies however I don't know
I do worry about what the future holds
because this is you know our genetic
makeup it's data that people have on us
it's still a private company I don't
know what the future holds and I don't
know whether or not the wrong people
will have access to that genetic
material in the future so that's just my
little note of caution but with that
said actually have an interesting
question to ask you Jake are you
interested in knowing what's likely to
kill you yeah I was gonna ask you the
same question and we didn't talk about
that earlier okay
yes definitely and so I know some people
I got I don't want to know know first of
all I know something that a lot of you
don't know which is that we're all going
to die now you think oh I know that
now you theoretically know that
you don't really live it that way so
since our only perspective is one of
being alive it is hard to fathom what it
means to be dead and not exist so
everybody goes around as if they're not
going to die as if every day isn't
precious but if you found out that you
had an illness that is likely to kill
you and your make it up like 50s all of
a sudden you'd panic a little bit
wouldn't you but dude I got news for you
you're gonna die I don't know if you're
gonna die in your 50s or your 80s or
when you're gonna die
but you are and every day is precious
and so if you told me 50s I would change
my game plan oh yeah yeah first of all
sorry guys but I gotta go so no no you
know and maybe I wouldn't maybe I'd like
I you know I'd push just as hard as I am
today to get the amendment to get money
out of politics but the minute I got
money on how things you'd never see me
again
I'm gone I'm in the woods okay they're
never gonna get me no I look I try to
get the most out of life and I don't
know it made me it's cliched to travel
and I'm not that big a traveler but like
I would try to soak it in instead of
grinding away and we do I mean I love
this job but we do grind right and so so
I'd want to know because if I'm lasting
to my 80s I'm gonna have a different
game plan for my life than if I'm going
to my 50s and do you think I'd spend a
little bit more money yeah I mean sorry
kids but like I if you if you leave all
this money behind him
you didn't spend it because you're
worried about oh my god do I have enough
for end-of-life care then you screw it
up go spend it right if you have it so
what do you think yeah I I actually am
now planning on doing it doing this
testing to figure out what I'm
predisposed to and for different reasons
I first of all it doesn't tell you when
you're gonna die but it does tell you
what you know what disease you're likely
to suffer from later in life I think
that there are certain instances where
you can take actions to beat that
disease so for instance if you are
predisposed to certain types of cancer
if you have a certain type of cancer
gene you can do what Angelina Jolie did
for instance
she decided to remove her ovaries and
you know double mastectomy and all of
that so I would want to take those
proper precautions but if there was a
way for me to find out when I'm gonna
die and let's say right now I'm 31 and I
only have another four years to live
yeah I would change my game plan I'd
certainly be more mouthy ER or Maui
borba I would be sorry that grammar was
not right I would be mouthy er yes
absolutely I hold back a lot you guys
don't even know I didn't know that I
mean I hold back I'm there are certain
individuals that I feel like I'm I have
to be civil towards when I don't want to
be civil toward them but you got to be a
decent human being
if I had four years to live I don't
think I'd care about being a decent
human being can't wait to see an
Unleashed but I don't want to see that I
hope you do unleash it when you're 84 if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm /join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
