today while Donald Trump was convening a
bipartisan meeting on possible gun
control measures that he might support
the Republicans might support and
primarily his plan to arm America's
teachers a teacher at Dalton High School
in Georgia fired his pistol inside of a
classroom leaving the students
scrambling through the hallways of the
school attempting to get out because
they reasonably assumed that this was
yet another mass shooting happening at
Dalton High School now thankfully no
students were were shot or were wounded
one student apparently injured their
ankle while attempting to flee the
school but after the one shot the
teacher barricaded himself inside of the
classroom and the police eventually took
him into custody after a 30 to 45
minutes standoff with officers he was
identified later on as a social studies
teacher who also serves as the
play-by-play announcer for High School's
football team and a little bit more
ominous though a week ago police found a
quote threatening note on the floor of a
classroom at the school but it wasn't
clear if it was related to the shooting
Wednesday although later reports seem to
have made clear that it was in fact left
by the same individual implying that he
would harm either himself or potentially
others and since then there has been a
heavier presence of police near the
school that that's what they're saying
now but yes Dalton police putting out
this one statement saying the student
who had previously referenced I was
being treated by EMS the students were
taken out and brought to a location
where they could meet up with their
parents but they're all fine fine yes so
two things one it's just another school
shooting it's Wednesday in America but
it's apparently you got a new debate on
Twitter about whether it was actually
shooting someone saying because no one
was hit it doesn't count as a shooting
although it left I mean I watch the
snapchat videos of kids running through
the hallways saying it's happening it's
happening yeah like no no they thought
it was a shooting I feel like that
counts no no it's not that they thought
it was a shooting it would fire a shot
it was a shooting yes he really could
have hit something yes a shooting is
when something is shocked okay anyway
so it's preposterous it's like and it's
weird because now the right wing is
trying to minimize shootings like what's
the big deal by shootings in a school
what's the big deal hey know what got
murdered this time what's the big deal
okay well obviously someone could Evan
is this a dangerous situation now two
points I'd like to make about this one
it revolves around the question of can
authorities do something ahead of time
so in the parkland case you got the
right wing going out there going oh the
sheriff he should have done something
and authorities the guy left a youtube
comment it should have done something
right what they should have done what so
what would you have done with this
teacher okay there's some sort of note
but they're not positive with the note
was from even if like okay if you're
sure that the notes from the teacher and
he's a teacher yes this is easy you
couldn't you know suspend them you could
do an investigation etcetera but could
you take his guns away almost no chance
of that
because you try to take his guns away
you're gonna have lawsuits on your hand
the NRA is gonna come down there and
ironically who's gonna come to his
rescue the right wing the right wing who
afterwards says hi I should have done
something okay should we take away the
guns of anyone who leaves a note anyone
who seems a little unstable at a school
anyone at least you two yeah I meant
anyone who leaves the wrong YouTube
comments should we take their guns I got
a deal all right we'll make that deal
right now okay no you know you don't
agree to it so don't pretend that you
agree to it okay now and secondly you
people can look at this and go well it's
an unstable guy he happens to be a
teacher and he did this crazy thing and
what can you do exactly we're the only
country in the world that arms everyone
in the country including really unstable
people so a certain percentage of humans
which includes the subset of teachers
will be unstable
we Florida just said that they're going
to arm 37,000 teachers they just passed
that bill what percentage of them are
unstable what percentage of them that
are armed already at the school or
either gonna get angry or depressed or
and and we're lucky this guy barricaded
himself in and the students
there that's true what percentage of
them are not going to do that but start
shooting right away if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
