since the Stoneman Douglas shooting
there's been a lot of pressure across
the country on corporations who have
special deals and discounts and
connections with the NRA people want
them to distance themselves and so far
it actually has been pretty successful
since Thursday more than a dozen brands
of severed ties at the NRA in a
statement on Saturday the NRA called
those decisions decisions quote a
shameful display of political and civic
cowardice which shows a very very
shallow understanding of how capitalism
works since those brands are doing what
they can to protect their profits
because people like don't like the NRA
anymore that wasn't clear to them but
another company that recently signed on
actually was Delta as a gigantic
corporation the airline Delta which said
they would no longer be doing one of
their special discounts provided to NRA
members Delta said in a statement this
last weekend that the decision quote
reflects the airlines neutral status in
the current national debate over gun
control which certainly that seems
accurate they had previously given a
special discount to NRA members now
they're taking that away bringing them
back to neutrality let's see now if the
GOP takes it that way we turn now to the
lieutenant governor of Georgia Casey
Cagle who said I will kill any tax
legislation that benefits Delta unless
the company changes its position and
fully reinstates it's a relationship
which means special discounts with the
NRA corporations cannot attack
conservatives and expect us not to fight
back and now the state's Republicans are
threatening to kill part of a bill
that's currently being debated which
would eliminate a state tax on jet fuel
which is intended to help regular
Americans if it passes the provision is
expected to save Delta tens of millions
of dollars although now who knows if it
will
yeah I'm conflicted on this one because
they shouldn't be getting the tax credit
in the first place and now there's a
race to the bottom
it's well-meaning governors and local
officials who are Democrats across the
country going Delta come here come here
bring up yeah I really here let's bring
those tweets out for a second so on the
one hand a nice opportunity to strike
back at Republicans I think the red
states are gonna have nothing left at
the end nobody's gonna have any health
issue say so here's go
Virginia Ralph Northam who won recently
hey Delta Virginia is for lovers and
airline hubs which is an uncomfortable
sentence you're welcome here anytime
this is my favorite Birmingham Alabama
mayor Randall Woodfin says hey Delta you
know in mathematics Delta represents the
change in something eg change
headquarters let's chat unfortunately
there's not a single Republican that was
able to follow that yeah they're like
mathematics I knew this guy was
dangerous so so that's clever and I
appreciate that there we can't do the
right thing in that sense but I don't
like the race to the bottom and we'll
give you the tax codes we'll give you
the tax cuts and and they're like yeah
it'll help consumers eventually well why
don't you just help the consumers
instead of helping the company who keeps
most of the tax cuts and then passes out
down a little bit to us yeah so on the
other hand punishing a company by taking
away government goodies because you you
know you don't like their positions
that's problematic yeah I mean if you're
saying we will give this individual
corporation special tax discounts now
contingent on providing discounts to one
political organizations members that
doesn't just seem inappropriate that
definitely is gonna be illegal okay you
know I don't know what the tides
foundation does like you remember Glenn
Beck was awfully upset about it at some
point and you know I don't know if
they're connected the source but let's
just assume for the purpose of this
conversation they are right could you
imagine if in a liberal state they're
like Delta you no longer have this deal
with tides foundation then we're going
to punish you no you no longer do what
Soros tells you to do then we're gonna
punish you what would happen to
conservatives don't happen or wait in
just in a philosophical sense to the
Conservatives this is really interesting
because it really makes clear the level
of understanding the conservatives have
of capitalism which as we know is their
God that capital a capital supposed to
work is that your corporation does
better if people like it and want its
products and support and worse if they
don't and
so this is a bunch of regular people
saying we won't support you unless you
do this regular people a distributed
thing the conservative response is we're
going to use government legislative
favors to force you to do what we want
that's the exact opposite of actual
capitalism so if you're going to worship
capitalism and you're going to bring the
entirety of our country down this
terrible path that we've been on for
decades or centuries you could at very
least understand what it is that you're
worshipping because you don't seem to
have a great relationship with it right
now it almost sounds like big government
telling businesses what to do you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
