so there's a guy named Brent welder
running in Kansas and he is deeply
progressive he's adjusted emma-crats
backed by the p triple c that's
progressive change campaign committee
he's backed by all the progressive
groups he's uncorrupted doesn't take any
corporate pac money and he happens to be
a TYT member he washes old school every
week ok I'm not kidding he wrote me an
email there he is brett joins us so
Brent I wanted a look we're raising
money for you because we believe in you
and I want to show people how they can
do that in a second but but you so I
talked about how you gave money for the
building the studio campaign but did you
do both the studio campaign and the
hiring the reporters yes I did yes I did
I gave what you know what I was able to
afford I I decided to go into labor law
representing working people instead of
corporations so you know I don't make a
ton of money as a lawyer but we had a
couple little girls but I made three
separate donations for the studio that I
think amounted to eighty bucks I went
back and checked the other day and then
a couple donations mounting $40 to I get
investigative journalism so thank you
guys so much being on the bleeding front
of all this yeah I love that man so look
I that you might get a good return on
investment there because for that
hundred and twenty bucks we're trying to
get you fifty thousand bucks so I want
to show people a thermometer before we
talk more TYT kansas comm is where you
can donate TYT kansas dot-com and we're
the reason we're trying to get fifty
thousand bucks is so that Brent can have
a field team so Brent can you explain
the good folks at home what is a field
team what do you deal with it why do you
need this money so before I went to law
school my background is actually as a
grassroots organizer in fact I met my
wife 15 years ago when we were up and up
in Iowa as grassroots organizers and did
that throughout my career before law
school and what we're doing is we are
building the biggest grassroots
organization in the country that's what
we need your help with we can do it I've
actually been a geo TV director on a
congressional campaign for the first
Iraq war veteran elected to Congress and
we put together the biggest volunteer up
in the country there and we beat a
Republican in a 60% Republican
registered district and we had 2500
volunteers on Election Day
and we won by 2500 votes one vote from
volunteer and I'll be I'll guarantee you
if I'm doing it for someone else when my
name is on the ballot I'm gonna make
darn sure that we run the biggest
operation possible the only way we're
gonna be able to do it is because of
your help
funding this field program so thank you
so much for what you're doing on this so
now Tea Party Kansas common we keep on
saying it throughout the night we got to
get to 50,000 because warriors beat
mercenaries
so Brent's warriors that he'll be able
to to get with this money will beat the
mercenaries for Yoda I want to talk
about Yoda in a second your opponent
because he is particularly low 'some
there's a stat in there that shocked me
that I was amazed by can i CTR TK is
calm here we see where we are
we gotta get to $50,000 so we'll check
in on that okay almost there by the way
929 929 people have donated so far so I
mean that's gonna lead into the yoader
stat in a second but can I see a
thousand people donate he doesn't matter
where you donate we can I see a thousand
people donating by the end of eight of
you if I can jump in on that
I broke the record in this district for
most donations by a challenger ever in
the year before the election last year
and that was two thousand donations now
through T White's T we have almost a
thousand donations just in the last four
days alone to kind of give you an
example of the enormity of what we're
accomplishing here that's amazing so now
I want to give Yoda as a as a comparison
here so he raised five hundred and
twelve thousand dollars in the fourth
quarter of 2017 so he raised a lot of
money he's gonna have more money than
you and they say well that's because you
know the people of Kansas really like
him and the problem it's the Kansas City
paper researched it and realize any of
the people of Kansas City do you know I
love this that people giving less than
two hundred dollars see odor you know
how much that amounted to four hundred
and eighty nine dollars haha
189 five hundred and twelve thousand oh
that's like a thousand donors we've
raised more money in the last hour
through your TYT thermometer in small
dollar donations then Kevin Yoda raised
in the last three months of 2017 from
small dollar donations oh that's so
amazing thing about that guys
look we'll raise more can we raise more
in the next five minutes from small
dollar donations that Kevin Yoder did in
all the fourth quarter as he raised half
a million dollars from all those
corporations let me see the thermometer
one more time to watch at Kansas com
have I mentioned TYT Kansas calm okay
so it's twenty three thousand seven
hundred and eighty-five I'm not good at
math let's round up and save five
hundred bucks so we got to get to twenty
four thousand two hundred and
eighty-five dollars to get to five
hundred bucks by the animated that's not
much okay so we can outrace Kevin Yoder
in the next five minutes is small dollar
donations yeah no can I also mention we
have an amazing volunteer operation
going right now we had our our office
here filled with volunteers tonight and
I went around and I always talked to him
every single time to thank him and the
same thing happened tonight that happens
I swear every single time when I meet
them at least half of our actual
volunteers in our office here in Kansas
City Kansas came to our campaign because
of TYT and justice Democrats it's
unbelievable there were two there were
two 65 year olds in here tonight that
came to us from the TYT Army I love it I
love it I love it okay so so Brent the
conventional wisdom was that yeah yeah
that's so good and fine but you can't
beat your he's got too much funny and
and he's too entrenched and he's an
incumbent so can you tell me the results
of the last poll in your district and
we'll find out how far down you are to
order
there was a poll conducted last week now
let me mention two since Yoder's been in
office I don't believe there's been a
poll of any Democrat beating him by any
March and I think they always have been
losing their poll but there was a poll
that just came out a few days ago Public
Policy Polling an independent poll that
has us beating Kevin Yoder by 7 points
here in Kansas Wow it's there it's the
largest more
that I know of any Democratic challenger
in the country against an incumbent
Republican and we're doing it by you
know the the crazy idea of actually
taking policies that work for people
that work from the middle class that
work for hardworking people and going
out and making the case on it to the
people and doing that both by you know
me going around knocking doors talking
to people around the district and having
a huge grassroots army of volunteers
going door-to-door for the last six
months
and we're gonna be able to ramp up this
operation we're actually getting ready
to open another office because of the
the donations that TYT army is giving
we're getting ready to hire more staff
and we I promise you are going to be
able to run the biggest grassroots
organization of any congressional
campaign in the entire country if you
know the TYT army continues to step up
the way you have over the last four days
you know what can I ask a question says
Jimmy Dore it's good to talk with you
and you know I love you and I love the
aggressive progressives and I watched
that as well as yes old school and I'm
sorry but let me give a shout out to the
the guys with the Friday post game show
who always say there's only 19 people
watching well I'm one of those nice
people by the way both of whom have
donated to my campaign I get an email
every time someone donates so thank you
to Malcolm and and and steve-o as well
but sorry go ahead Jimmy I love you okay
my question was you know you're leading
in polling right now and just how much
did do you think that the people of
Kansas they've gotten a good look at
what right-wing conservatism economic
policies look like right so they've been
instituting them on steroids right so
they the Koch brothers kind of took over
the state legislature you got an
unbelievably right-wing governor whose
do so they've they've been closing
hospitals and schools and they've really
unfunded the government there and do you
how much do you think that that's making
a dent in how well you're doing you know
as fairly doesn't hurt with Donald Trump
and people like my opponent Kevin Yoder
are nationalizing you know they call it
a failed experiment I think that's
putting extremely nicely it's a it's a
tax
Grahame that gives money to giant
corporations and billionaires and the
way they pay for it is raising taxes on
poor people and raising taxes on the
middle class it's completely insane
completely insane completely
irresponsible frankly it's completely
immoral and the people of Kansas know
better than anybody and they are sick
and tired of it and honestly that is why
we are beating Kevin Yoder in the polls
now the thing is we're not gonna rest on
our laurels
laurels he has a big fundraising margin
over me but we're closing that gap every
single day we have you know you know we
need these volunteers we need thousands
of people out on the streets the way
we're gonna do it is with your guys's
health and people are really catching on
with going on now the thing is don't
worry I mean the Republicans they're
gonna do their vicious attacks but you
know when we have regular people
everywhere blanketing the district
because of your health it's gonna make
just all the difference in the world so
I'm gonna I'm gonna say one more thing
about the district that's really
important that I think is gonna energize
people but I just noticed your pin now
on to know where I got this actually
yeah so I was a delegate for Bernie
Sanders in in Philadelphia at the
National Convention I was always so he
had nominated me to the Democratic
platform committee and Janke
you and Anna and John and jr. held a
meet-and-greet in Philadelphia and the
first thing I did when I got into town
is I came over to the meet-and-greet met
all of you and I bought myself a bag
full of buttons and this is one of them
yeah look the day I get to call you
congressman welder is gonna be one of
the best days of my life
so listen this district is enormous ly
winnable it it voted for Bernie Sanders
in the primary and a voter for Hillary
Clinton in the general election it's
what one of five districts in the
country that is that way so the fact
that you're Bernie Sanders delegate is
is enormous ly helpful people
misunderstand Kansas they certainly
misunderstand your district and given
the makeup of your district it is an
absolute shame that a corporate robot
like Kevin Yoder is is the incumbent
there I mean his donors include of
course the big banks pharmaceutical
companies coke industries of course
and and then what is he in the top ten
and our eight acres and number one for
payday lenders is that right one he take
he has taken more money from the payday
loan sharks than any member of Congress
and that is in the house or the US
Senate Wow what that is senator I think
some hard work
it really does takes a lot of corruption
and what it takes yeah I have an article
that he's a hard campaigner I think by
that they mean like he really knows how
to suck up to corporations yes we have
the Koch brothers here in Kansas too and
a man he loves taking that Koch brother
money I'll tell you that much so let's
check in with T YT k SS calm let's do a
refresh here see where we are so first
of all we almost already hit a thousand
donors so bless your hearts number two
we were trying to get to twenty four
thousand two hundred and eighty-five to
pass Kevin yoader's small dollar
donations in the fourth quarter already
passed it twenty four thousand five
hundred fifty five so we just have to go
a little longer ten more donations and
one at the thousand it's amazing man so
I just Brent another refresh sorry 1046
donors and Brent already had two
thousand small donors now he has three
thousand small donors thanks to the TYT
army we're gonna get to that $50,000
because we need that field team those
volunteers will win this election
I want everybody that's watching to
picture
Brent taking the oath of office and and
think about how great it would be to
have a progressive fighter that you know
that you can trust that doesn't take
corporate PAC money that's gonna fight
for us in Congress so Brent Godspeed to
you brother hey thank you good luck to
my fellow justice Democrat Briana
Westbrook tonight thank you all so much
thank you Jake Anna Jon Jimmy Thank You
TYT army you know we don't take
corporate PAC money the only way we're
able to have six
in this race is by people coming
together across our district across our
state and across their country and you
are the reason that we have a platform
to do that you guys are doing the best
work of anyone in the country I thank
you so much anything you guys ever need
anytime you ever want to have me on
please please bring me on and you know
we'll continue and I want to tell you
this I promise you that when I am in
Congress I will do everything I possibly
can every single day to fight like mad
to bring a voice to all the people out
there that do not have a voice in
Washington we're gonna do great things
together and you guys are such a big
part of this so thank you so much all
right Thank You Brent we appreciate it
everybody is going volunteer to okay go
to Brent's website well if you're
watching this later we'll have the links
down below
Brent welder calm so go get a man and
TYT Kansas calm
