a new memo has been found from the
Republicans this is dating back to after
the Las Vegas massacre right afterwards
and it is disgusting the National
Republican Congressional Committee said
to their candidates you and your
candidate will be understandably
outraged and upset as will your
community however and this is in caps do
not politicize it today so I suppose
we're not that surprised that the
Republicans would do that right but it
was the largest massacre in modern
history Las Vegas and still don't
politicize it remember make sure you
back there the gun manufacturers and the
memo continues there will be time for
politics and policy discussion but any
message today should be on offering
thoughts and prayers for victims and
their families and thanking first
responders who save lives well you know
we see the Republicans doing that so in
some sense it's not surprising but
another sense it's good to have it
verified in a memo oh wait I'm sorry but
we've had a mistake here it turns out
that memo was sent right after the Las
Vegas Massacre by the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee it was
the Democrats who told Democratic
candidates you and your candidate will
be understandably outraged and upset as
will your community however do not
politicize it today
they went on to say this is again the
Democrats not the Republicans there will
be time for politics and policy
discussion but any message today should
be on offering thoughts prayers for the
victims and their families and thanking
first responders who save lives so as
some Democrats I think rightfully so and
earnestly like Chris Murphy are outraged
by this and they are fighting
aggressively on this issue
and and they're calling out the nonsense
of offering thoughts and prayers it
turns out the Democratic Party was
counseling their own candidates only do
thoughts and prayers just when you
thought the d-triple-c and the
Democratic Party couldn't get any lower
they go lower
maybe the slogan was when they go low we
go lower okay the morning after October
1st mass shooting
Huff Post reports the other ones who
broke this story in Vegas a member of
the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee Press staff warned House
candidates and their staffs not to
politicize the shooting that day
Daniel Moran's reporting for outpost
continues politicization according to
the d-triple-c officially included
talking about gun violence prevention
policy here I'll show you the memo
itself put that up and it's not a long
one but as you can see there what
they're saying is look this is
dominating the news today so make sure
you don't do anything about it come back
to it later in the rest of the week when
things have cooled down and nobody will
want to do anything so it sounds almost
word-for-word
what the Republicans would write oh
they're fighting the Republicans so hard
oh they're resisting Trump
well gun control groups are furious
about it rightfully so director of one
pulse for America lad ever writes it is
quote pathetic mark lace senior advisor
to guns down says it's straight out of
the NRA stalking points and Willie
Shaheed whose spokesman for just
Democrats those are the uncorrupted
program progressive Democrats in the
country say politics is exactly how
people come together to make change and
hold those in power accountable in other
words the reason that you do politics is
to get policy differences and policy
changes and when people are upset about
something because people just got
massacred that is exactly when they need
change in their lives and that is
exactly when the Democratic Party comes
in and goes don't no change no change no
change gee I wonder why people think
you're the party of the status quo and
the establishment they really can't tell
why this is among the thousands of
reasons why so now to be fair that was
after the Las Vegas Massacre now we've
had another Massacre this time at a
school again so for some Democrats
they've finally had enough
so the hill reports today a number of
rank-and-file lawmakers view this month
shooting at part of Florida high school
as a potential tipping point in the
years long
congressional stalemate over new gun
restrictions shedding caution this
growing chorus of Democrats is calling
for extensive reforms including a ban on
military-style weapons so some of them
are out there
and an even Nancy Pelosi sign up as a
co-sponsor now I'm gonna tell you what
Nancy Pelosi didn't do when she had the
chance and the power to do it but for
now credit where credit is due
okay bud Holt don't get too excited
because the Hill has quotes from a
former Democratic leadership aide also
explaining some of the other Democrats
positions on this right now he explains
this one of those fundamental issues
that rise up American politics it's up
there with abortion and immigration and
they need to be very careful here we go
again Democrats call shit cause you
don't do anything don't do anything
whatever you do don't do anything
cowards okay he continues if a
Democratic candidate or the party as a
whole over extends on this issue then it
becomes incredibly easy for the
Republicans to play that up and in a lot
of districts good we have the American
people on our side if you have the moral
high ground and the polling high ground
you want them to play it up so it's not
theoretical and it's not because I'm a
progressive look at the poll numbers
this is a CNN poll okay it's not some
sort of you know far-left poll or
anything it's CNN this is the
establishment the Democratic Party
should love this 70% support stricter
gun control in the country only 27
percent opposed stricter gun control
that's overall across the board you have
7 out of 10 Americans saying yes gun
control I wanted I'm in and Deborah Kerr
said well don't overextend so I mean we
only have 70%
how about universal background checks
Quinnipiac poll 97 percent support 97
percent I mean you don't over extend
what if you lose all the three percent
back to that same Democratic leadership
aid you risk over reaching as a party if
you try to make it a one
fits-all issue I explained this to you a
couple of days ago what they're saying
is if you're Chris Murphy and you're
running in the Northeast go ahead and be
for gun control if you're Joe Manchin or
Heidi Heitkamp and you're running West
for here in North Dakota be against gun
control now if they just left it there I
wouldn't be in a rage I wouldn't agree
but I wouldn't you know I get it all
these districts are different we're not
unaware of that right but then they say
because we're worried about hike camp
and Manchin unilaterally disarm and
don't make it a national issue all the
Democrats power down don't go on TV
talking about it don't make it a
national issue even though seven out of
ten Americans agree with us on some of
the issues 97 out of 100 agree with us
don't overextend an overreach Henry
Cuellar who is Democrat down in Texas
oftentimes votes with the Conservatives
last time around voted with a bill to
limit gun control by about this much it
was a miniscule limit and I know that
because the Republicans agree to it and
the NRA agree to it even so they turn
around and use it against them and he
says that was a very narrow tailored
solution even there they were saying we
were trying to take guns away yeah if
they say you're trying to take guns away
no matter what you do no matter how
little the changes why don't you try for
big change because they're gonna say it
no matter what anyway we this is what we
said for eight straight years under
Obama they're gonna call you all Marxist
socialist far-left
liberal anyway I mean with Fox News
criticized how you ate hamburgers and
how you held coffee and what color pants
you wore so you my toes will actually be
progressive what an overwhelming
majority the country agrees with you I
keep saying this is so obvious but to
the people in Washington they're so
honestly corrupted and oblivious and
they're in their bubble and they're so
scared they're so scared of Fox News
they're so scared of the Republicans
like only 97 percent agree with us don't
do anything come on
God's sake okay so remember what
happened when they were in charge in
2010 we've got the Democrats have got
all the the levers of power the House
the Senate Obama they got a
supermajority the health reports indeed
where Democrats on the house judiciary
committee requested background check
hearings back in 2010 when they control
the gab oh they were refused Pelosi
defended that decision this month saying
it was a practical one which then makes
me question her co-sponsoring today
because she didn't defend that decision
back in 20 2010 she just defended it
last month saying it when we were in
charge it wasn't practical to do
anything now that they're not in charge
and she knows there's no way it's gonna
pass all of a sudden she's like oh yeah
yeah yeah I'm for gun control and they
wonder why we don't trust them and when
you get in power all of a sudden all the
Democratic leaders said don't do
anything don't do anything it yeah when
you're not in power we're not in power
yet it might jeopardize us getting power
when you are a power it might jeopardize
our power who gives a goddamn about your
power we're asking for policy changes I
don't care if you have more power and
you feel great about yourself and you're
gonna get a lobbyist contract later and
you're gonna go on CNN if you're not
gonna represent us get the hell out of
the way again back to today yet the
Democrats campaign arm is shying away
from the notion that the party will
adopt any national message on gun reform
citing regional and cultural differences
across the country and a second
leadership aide suggests that Democrats
won't go too far with their proposals
and the final twist here in a separate
story in Talking Points Memo a
Republican lawmaker from Florida who has
an A+ rating from the National Rifle
Association has publicly called for a
ban on assault rifles this week and told
CNN Tuesday that his GOP colleagues are
privately receptive to his proposals the
Republicans are gonna outflank them
again
how could you lose an issue about gun
control to Republicans when you have 97
percent of the American people behind
you the Democrats it seems have found a
way they're amazing
well to all the donors who paid these
Democrats to lose mission accomplished
you have hired the most brilliant set of
losers I have ever seen
Young Turks if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say loose
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
