Eric Trump is gonna make a curious case
on fox news for his daddy now in the
past they were saying rushing interferes
to the elections
that's a Chinese hoax that's just not
true it's a hoax sorry climate chases a
chinese hoax this is an FBI hoax they
got a lot of hoaxes now
the Trump family has changed their tune
the Trobe family says well yeah
interference I mean oh we got the
indictments and stuff yes but it wasn't
us oh okay well then who was responsible
for the Russian interference fascinating
let's find out she's being bold enough
to meddle has to be stopped and I hope
that by the way I wish I wish I bomber
would have done that if you knew which
he clearly did I wish he would have
stopped that and the big question is why
did he do nothing about it oh so now
it's Obama's fault so it's not that the
interference was on behalf of Trump and
he's done nothing about it it's Bhama
why didn't you just why didn't you stop
the Russians from helping my dad okay so
there's two really important parts of
this first is never ever agree with a
Republican they will always use it
against you Joe Biden recently clarified
something that we all knew based on all
this reporting but he admitted it he
said we went up and Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell who I get on with
well smart guy wanted no part of having
a bipartisan commitment that we would
say essentially Russia is doing this
stop so during the election they go up
and they ask the congressional leaders
can't we know we have evidence here that
Russia is interfering with the election
can we all say it publicly so it doesn't
come across as partisan Mitch McConnell
said no they're helping my guy I'm not
gonna help you yeah let the Russians
interfere to help Trump know if you say
those facts which I can see our facts
which now even the Trump administration
and Fox News agrees to I will say that
you're being biased so Biden admits they
were afraid of what Mitch McConnell was
gonna say so they said Oh Mitch
McConnell you're I get along so well
with you Mitch oh you you don't want to
do anything about it and you want to
help Trump who okay well you agreed with
Mitch McConnell and now they're blaming
you for agreeing with Mitch McConnell
losers Democrats are the words all right
one more from Biden
he said can you imagine if the President
of the United States called a press
conference in October with this fella
and Steve Bannon and company and said
tell you what the Russians are trying to
interfere in our elections that we have
to do something about it
what do you think would have happened
would things have gotten better or would
it further look like we were attempting
to deal each item eyes the electoral
process because of our opponent in other
words they were afraid that Steve Bannon
was gonna yell at them and it turns out
Fox News is yelling at you anyway but
this time because you didn't do anything
to stop Trump in the Russians just act
already be courageous be bold fight
Republicans instead of constantly
agreeing with them if you ever do they
use it against you now we get to point
number two wait a minute Obama should
have done something about the Russian
interference but he's not president
anymore
lucky for you Eric your dad is president
he can do something right now so is he
imposing the sanctions that he signed
into law because they were passed
overwhelmingly in Congress
there's just no in fact his own top US
intelligence official under Trump says
he's not doing anything here let me give
you a report from the hill a top US
intelligence official told lawmakers on
Tuesday that he has not received
specific direction from the Trump
administration to disrupt Russian
cyberattacks targeting US elections
that's not even about the past
that's about hey are you doing something
right now to make sure that they don't
do any cyber attacks in the next
election and Trump's basically go nope
and then Eric Trump has the nerve to go
on television and go it's Obama's fault
why don't you do something now okay so
speaking of which that's Mike Rogers
were referring to
so Mike Rogers says I've been I haven't
been granted any additional authorities
now he's the NSA director National
Security Agency director and he's saying
I I asked Trump and he he just didn't
grant me the authority to do anything
about it it's also in charge of fighting
cyber attacks oops
one more for Mike Rogers he said I need
a policy decision that indicates there
is a specific direction to do that
the president ultimately would make this
decision in accordance with the
recommendation from the Secretary of
Defense in other words the president has
to authorize it it's not my fault don't
blame me I would like to do something to
make sure
last time the Russians got into the
voter registration rolls but not to the
voting booths to affect actual votes as
far as we know and they got into those
rolls in about 22 states that's pretty
deep in I mean forget the collusion and
the Facebook and Twitter impressions
that to me is really minor but they're
trying to go way further than that
so again if you say all what Trump is
awesome and who cares and he should have
won anyway in Hillary's the worst
candidate there's a lot of truth in the
that in the latter part of that
statement etc and then nothing I don't
care I don't care put that aside man
then okay let's talk about the future
make sure they don't do anything now
Trump still like Oh still on my side huh
well I don't worry about the sanctions
Russia cyber tanks protect against that
why would we do that
yeah I don't worry about that either in
fact sorry one last one for Mike Rogers
are we where we need to be in terms of
protecting the actual vote quote we're
not where we need to be or where we want
to be but Trump won't do anything so if
you're in the camp of what what what
does Trump ever done for the Russians
how about this where he under no
circumstances will take action to
protect our elections the voting
integrity and by the way if you are
progressive voting integrity should be
at the very top of your list I want to
see paper ballots I want to make sure
those are verified I want to make sure
they're triple checked but we got a
president in there going if it's my
buddies over in Russia I'm not gonna do
anything about it he says which last
time around they helped me so why
wouldn't I want them to interfere
where's the action where is the beef
okay
Trump isn't doing anything what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you can watch it a video or
listen to it as all
you can download it you can stream it
you can get it completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm / join
