our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt yesterday amazon
received quite a bit of positive
attention after it was announced that
they would be increasing the minimum
wage of its employees from $7.25 the
federal minimum wage to $15 an hour now
it's being reported that Amazon is
planning on making up for that cost I
guess by cutting monthly bonuses and
also stock awards for the individuals
who will be getting these increases in
their wages so no more monthly bonuses
or stock Awards just to give you an idea
of how this all worked before warehouse
workers would receive one Amazon share
which is worth nearly $2,000 at the
moment at the end of every year on top
of another single share reward every
five years so Yahoo News is also noting
that warehouse workers can earn up to 8%
of their monthly income every month
which could be as much as $3,000 a year
for some workers the workers were also
notified about this change today
so yesterday there was this video that
went viral showing a warehouse workers
celebrating and unfortunately today they
were notified that the other bonuses
that they've been enjoying will be taken
away yeah
I'm afraid that the bezos's biggest
critics were right and so after all
these years we you know sometimes I get
mad at myself because I'm still an
optimist and it leads to not naivete
that's too strong but a little bit of
hopefulness when we got good news
yesterday that I Amazon was gonna
increase its wages to $15 for all their
workers we got excited it seemed and in
a lot of ways it was a progressive
victory and and Bernie Sanders and Roe
Cano worked hard to make that happen but
I should know better I
know that that corporations are amoral
they have no morality at all - and but
in in the case of Bezos a comment I
often make in is that the founders have
a lot more leverage for public
corporations that don't have their
founders anymore they're just machines
and they don't have any choice and if
you're a CEO of that machine and you
don't crush your workers and you don't
crush every citizen to make an extra
penny you'll be fired you have a
fiduciary responsibility to make every
single penny you have right
but Bezos cannot be fired he's a founder
and he has all the power in the world he
could choose to do whatever he wants and
here it seemed like look he got it
heavy heavy pressure to do it but at
least he did the right thing we gave him
credit for yesterday but it turns out it
might have been a trick all along
because I want to explain to you one
thing that I don't think that the rest
of the the press is covering well enough
okay so he gives us one hand and takes
away with with the other hand and still
some of the workers might be in better
shape because their wages rising might
be give them a better financial outcome
at the end and losing these is some of
the press explains for other workers
they'll actually be in worse financial
shape so that's most of the story but
it's another part that's really
important they said that employers
prefer this is an Amazon's announcement
the quote the predictability and
immediacy of cash
compared with stock Awards no no no no
I'll interpret that for you what that
means is we prefer the immediacy and the
predictability of giving them slightly
higher wages instead of not knowing how
much we're going to owe them cuz our
stock won't stop rising Amazon stock has
gone through the roof it's doubled in
the last year it's now at as Anna I
think just said at around 2000 dollars a
share that we alluded to that and so as
Amazon's this that's why this might have
been a trick all along they might have
had a meeting
you're so right you're so right
and the meaning is we got to stop giving
our employees stock options because the
stocks so damn high they're gonna make
too much money how do we get the
employees to not get the stock if we
just take away their stock options it's
going to see monstrous oh I got an idea
we'll give them a raise first but then
cost them more money by taking away
their stock options and have more
predictability for our bottom line you
know what makes me realize how right you
are the fact that they didn't announce
this part of the deal until today of
course and by the way everyone covered
Amazon raising their their wages and
that was good news and we covered it and
that makes sense and a lot of people are
covering this but will it get this same
amount of press no way no way you lead
with what's positive for you and then
you do the bad stuff later 18d did
something very similar
oh we're giving bonuses just kidding
we're firing a lot of people firing a
lot of people got almost no press the
bonuses got a gigantic amount of press
sack right yeah and and by the way one
of the people that are that work at
Amazon and that helped them with press
is Jay Carney the former White House
spokesperson for Barack Obama so Jay you
must be awfully proud it was a trick
well played the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT com slash
app
