we've all heard about certain political
groups utilizing social media or
manipulating social media to spread
propaganda a lot of times that
conversation centers around the role of
the Russian government but what about
groups of people who might have radical
political beliefs who want to spread
propaganda and misinformation in a way
that suits their agenda well recently
right-wing leaks on Twitter shared some
leaked footage from discord which is a
chat platform that was usually utilized
by people who like gaming and and video
games gaming those very two very
different topics it's a chat platform
for gamers for the most part now with
that said it turns out that there were
all right individuals who were using
discord to discuss ways in which they
could manipulate trending videos on
YouTube now the group of all right
people that I'm about to talk about are
mostly based in Germany and they're
involved in German politics like they're
not elected officials but what they're
doing is trying to basically get videos
trending on YouTube that spread messages
that they like to influence German
politics okay
now that said in the clips of an audio
chat from discord published by the
alt-right leaks Twitter account members
can be heard discussing the use of fake
accounts or sock accounts to raid
YouTube videos by commenting on those
they seek to popularize and by using the
dislike button to bury those of their
political opponents so we have examples
of that leaked footage for you so I want
to go ahead and toss to the first one
video 10 I should declare member Leslie
well that's the America's fallen and
that's it see from Iceland a normal cook
is you know the V filler W lebrandt
accounts coming in at some moments
bizarrely habits form transfer
if it's it Knockaround can assign and
consume our vendor - it's a visa so
what's always ok last kind of extra so
luckily that didn't sound even more
scary in German okay okay real quick for
our radio audience I just want to
summarize that video because obviously
it was in a foreign language you can't
read the subtitles but they're talking
about how many fake YouTube accounts
they can create in order to go after
certain videos and get get the videos
they want trending and they said
basically infinite and and they said
pretend to be a foreigner and it they
will have a harder time criticizing you
presumably talking about the left mm-hmm
so that's particularly tricky so it's
alright guys who hate immigrants posing
as immigrants right so the platform's
trending mechanism this is for YouTube
determined by an algorithm that does not
account for the accuracy of a videos
content or whether it is intended as
harassment these vulnerabilities were
most recently exploited when a
conspiracy theory claiming one of the
survivors of the parkland Florida High
School shooting was a crisis actor and
that was boosted into YouTube's trending
category overnight despite it's
demonstrably false content so that's an
example of how the trending mechanism on
YouTube was gamed in that case right
because that was obviously a video with
propaganda that was not a crisis actor
he was an actual victim of that shooting
who was speaking out in favor of gun
control so look I don't know what the
solution is for this kind of stuff but
we know that it happens and I think the
important thing is to make sure the
public knows about it so when they come
across certain types of content that has
a very clear political motivation they
just inform themselves so they're not
susceptible to that propaganda well look
this breaks out into two different
categories and it's really important to
make the distinction one is the sock
puppets so presumably there is something
that could be done about that I
certainly wouldn't know how to do it but
YouTube has a lot of people that are
employed by it that a great attack and
the other platforms who's not just a
YouTube issue so you ought to get rid of
fake accounts great wonderful no and as
I saw the other day thought Wright was
complaining that some of their fake
followers on Twitter were taken away by
Twitter is that really embarrassing to
complain about wait I had all these
wonderful thing followers what why did
you guys think them away okay so that's
one thing and I think that they should
do something about that I don't think
they should do anything about false
content because they have a right to say
things that aren't true and if you tried
to police that you'd have to get rid of
almost every right-wing video on YouTube
and I don't think they should so and
what and by the way some of it is
popular so Alex Jones is a lunatic but
apparently there's a good market for
lunatics so so some people believe oh he
nailed it man the frogs are all gay and
all these gorillas Pig human hybrids are
running around I think it's a free
country he's allowed to be a lunatic
look so I think there's some nuance to
what you're saying and I think for the
most part we agree but I think look if
you have someone like Alex Jones saying
that lizard people are running around
okay do you boo right because he's not
going after a specific person my concern
is and and I've seen a lot of these
videos on YouTube my concern is when you
have a group of people who will target a
specific individual and defame that
individual as something that he or she
is not or something that he or she has
not even said so and look I mean we know
what that's like
I'm Armenian my family was victimized by
the Armenian Genocide there's a ton of
videos out there claiming I'm an
Armenian Genocide denier even though
I've talked about the genocide on
multiple occasions on this show and so
that defamatory content actually leads
to violent threats toward me credible
violent threats by Armenians okay so
that's the kind of stuff that YouTube
should be policing but they don't you
can have rules on obviously I mean it's
not we can't have just complete noter
anarchy but I would argue yeah direct
threats of violence not allowed that's
clear mm-hmm Doxey
not allowed mm-hmm
but outside of that I really don't think
I could come up with anything where I'm
comfortable saying okay do something
about that and my reasoning is it will
always inevitably come back to be used
against us and people like us because
for example I always think of the fact
that you know the United States were
obviously embedded with Saudi Arabia and
through Saudi Arabia we've armed rebels
in Syria many of those rebels are
jihadists so when I go on my show
secular talk and I point out oh my
goodness we're in bed with jihadists I
sound like Alex Jones when I say that
and it's easy for somebody who pointed
me go Confessor theory but it's what I'm
saying is true
and so I'm afraid if you open the door
to start taking down a whole bunch of
stuff that it always inevitably gets
flipped back around on the left and they
come after us for saying things that are
accurate yeah and again we discuss this
at that in the last we gana it's hard to
like if you say okay no conspiracy
theories allowed well where do you draw
a line yeah sorry you're gonna say
you're not allowed to talk about the JFK
shooting and that's a perfectly valid
thing to discuss at least so on the
other hand you know when you there's a
specific attack on someone along the
lines of the you mention Ana mhm well so
it's super hard for an algorithm to pick
that up how do they know what your
position on the Armenian Genocide is
that's right I know so now then if you
go to the report to the authorities for
example not not that case cuz that's
just a lie right buddy but someone who
then takes the next level and then says
maybe somebody should do something about
it etc that standard if you've never
done it is super high so and I'm not
sure that it can even be breached for
the FBI to give a damn so that's why in
the parkland Florida shooting when they
say oh the FBI got complaints though
that this guy left a youtube comment I
should have done something about it are
you kidding me the FBI would all they
would do is police YouTube comments if
that's all they were gonna do to the
point where they will not act unless
you're the President or someone
incredibly powerful and there is a super
credible threat of violence specific
violence and at you
so I don't know how in the world we're
gonna solve the issue of non-stop lies
not just on YouTube but all over the
internet without then creating a
backlash like Kyle's talking about where
the mainstream media gets to go I'm the
only one saying the official yeah right
we also just say that these people are
just the biggest losers I've ever seen
in my life I know let's create 12
accounts like really this is what you're
doing with your time but it works it
works I mean III I see it on YouTube on
a regular basis and and you know it's
it's interesting to see how certain
content gets manipulated as well where
people who are outspoken political
commentators on YouTube will have their
content taken out of context on purpose
and misrepresented in conservative
videos and I'm not talking about you
know mistakes I'm talking about
intentional misrepresentation of what
someone says and look my concern goes
even further than oh this is propaganda
and it's going to miss inform people I'm
worried about actual violence against
the people that they're targeting in
these videos and so I hear what you're
saying and I have the same concerns I
don't want you two going too far and and
hindering you know just like this
democracy that I see at YouTube where
you know different perceptions are
represented but what I do want is at
least an avenue in which people can
protect themselves so if they see that
type of misrepresentation or that type
of defamation they can at least take
some sort of action to get that content
down but even that is hard so you the
case that you lay out is really black
and white you've been overwhelmingly
clear on the Armenian Genocide you've
done it a thousand times they're 100%
lying about your position etc but let's
say when they get into our positions on
policy or whatever else there's a
thousand lies and some of them are black
and white and some of them are a little
grayer and and etc etc and Jesus what
does YouTube supposed to do about that
well they're already D ranking videos
like so as a result of the the Russia
scenario they admitted that oh yeah well
we're D ranking them so what else do you
want us to do almost
a defensive way cuz everybody's like you
gotta do more and they're like no but we
did do you rank them so relax like
that's taken care of and again that goes
back to my main point I don't need to
reiterate it but that means that all of
us are feeling the effects of that as
well because we're not viewed kindly by
the establishment and so they'll lump us
in with our tea and just throw us out
the window yeah I mean look again so
let's take the Armenian Genocide example
so I did write an article about it when
I was in college now I retracted that
article I don't deny it
nonetheless they will say to a thousand
times we've talked about on the show
we've etcetera a hundred times it
doesn't matter you can talk about it two
times a hundred times it doesn't matter
they say he denies it non-stop right so
I'm gonna get every one of those YouTube
commenters banned just know it's just
not recognizable the video is about it
not bad so the Internet has democratized
media it has an enormous upside where we
don't just have to listen to that news
actor on television telling us
manufacturing consent basically and
telling us what the establishment
version of the truth is and that that
advantages monumental the disadvantages
it is also unleashed a swarm of lies oh
yeah and it is nearly impossible to pull
back all those lies and so and and
that's and by the way the last point and
to Anna's point even if you're a right
winger and you get a laugh out of it
like how we spared you and those guys
smeared those other people and we're so
wonderfully evil and I guess
congratulations or whatever right but
think about this those guys that are
creating the fake accounts and that are
clearly spreading lies on purpose
they're gonna get you banned okay if
you're a right winger they're not gonna
make this fictions they're just gonna go
that's a good pub you know what that guy
lies I mean you said this and I don't
really true either right or somebody
thinks that's not true or CNN says it's
not true right and off you go
so as much as these guys might be our
literal enemies they're gonna hurt you
just as much man they're gonna get all
of you banned if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network
calm /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
