one of the things that the teenagers who
unfortunately had to experience the mass
shooting in parkland Florida are now
pointing to is political corruption they
are very well aware of how the NRA
funds politicians they know how the NRA
is funded by weapons manufacturers that
just want to make a buck by loosening
whatever gun laws we have in place now
and so they are going after the
politicians who are either being funded
by the NRA or refused to give up that
funding by the NRA case-in-point Marco
Rubio I love this story recently a
student from parkland Florida said the
following we should change the names of
ar-15s to Marco Rubio because they are
so easy to buy Sarah Chadwick is the
name of that student and she's
incredible
by the way Rubio has an A+ rating from
the NRA and has received 3.3 million
dollars in donations from the
organization over the course of his
political career um this is an earnest
question did you just call him ruby ho
no all right no I don't care yes he by
the way Donald Trump has taken ten times
as much in just one election cycle he
took about over there anything over 31
million dollars from the NRA both to
support him and to attack Hillary
Clinton there's some questions about
where some of that money came from maybe
from abroad which would be illegal by
the way and there that's being
investigated apparently but so if that's
why it's not a coincidence that both
Donald Trump and Marco Rubio haven't
taken millions of dollars from the NRA
who takes millions of dollars from gun
manufacturers I've decided that they
don't want to slow down the sales of gun
manufacturers and so for a lot of people
in DC and unfortunately on TV that's
verboten you're not allowed to talk
about donors as so no almost no
television anchor ever asked the
politicians about their donors and and
in fact when when that became an issue
in the 2016 primary on the Democratic
side they kept badgering Bernie Sanders
like are you
saying that Hillary Clinton might have
James a vote based on our donors with
unbelievable disbelief but these kids
they don't work on television they don't
know what's forbidden to say for
whatever crazy reason they're not in
politics to like well it's kind of
obvious he Marco Rubio took 3.3 million
dollars and then he refuses to to to you
know counter the NRA and refuses to buck
this system he has an A+ rating from the
NRA gee I wonder why right right and so
and by the way not just credit to Sarah
Chadwick for that great great quote but
also to Cameron Caskey who asked him in
the first place in the town hall will
you give up the NRA money and he
absolutely refused to incoming was
relentless follow up after follow up
after thought more follow ups the most
journalists do write those kids and put
them on cable news I swear to God way
more than I would have those current
cable news anchors because they don't
know what the unwritten rules are the
unwritten rules are political money goes
into cable news it goes into cable news
and billions of dollars so Shh so I have
to jump in because I think for the most
part you're right but I think it's
certainly the case when it comes to
income inequality regulating the banking
system anything that has to do with
financial reform they never talk about
corruption in politics ever ever ever
they won't touch it because a lot of
those banks a lot of the people who are
in favor of crony capitalist capitalism
do buy advertisements on cable news but
there is something a little different
that I'm noticing when it comes to
political corruption in regard to the
NRA usually after a mass shooting they
will talk about that political
corruption for a day or so and then
they'll move on but you know why because
gun manufacturers don't buy ads on cable
news that's right I was gonna get to
that so they feel a lot more look this
is my speculation obviously but I feel
like they're a lot more comfortable
talking about that form of political
corruption as opposed to the corruption
that we see with Wall Street or
pharmaceutical companies which are you
Japanese etc yeah so just to validate
something you both have been saying for
years we
been recently doing some focus groups
around the country Trump voters you know
drop off Democratic base voters and one
thing that unites voters everywhere is
this lack of faith in the system the
idea that the system is bought and again
one silver lining here will be that
these issues of systemic corruption are
being mainstreamed and you know for the
long haul hopefully so it's pretty it's
pretty amazing you know it also is
notable that Rubio's response to this
was no they're not buying me off they're
buying into my agenda right as if that's
a great great so I my agenda includes
kids getting killed in school like
that's a horrible thing for him to say
yeah and you know it's kind of a
lose-lose and it's amazing to be to see
the tables turned on Republican
politicians like this so that either way
they answer it you're looking pretty bad
right now it's just a matter of the
spotlight finally being shined no look
when you've got deeply establishment
figures like senators Gillibrand and
Booker now saying no corporate PAC money
I'm not gonna take it anymore the tide
has turned
so wolf dash pack.com get in the fight
find a way if it's not Wolf Pack make it
another group but make sure you fight to
get money out of politics because the
cavalry with these younger generation
has arrived so up and Adam let's go
fight let's go win what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
