lawmakers in Florida are now proposing
gun control policy Wow
gun control Paul in Florida not in
California not in New York but in
Florida and I would like to speculate
that the reason why is because some of
the victims in the parkland Florida
shooting have been aggressive in going
after these politicians who for decades
have done absolutely nothing to protect
Americans from gun violence
so recently Florida Governor Rick Scott
gave a press conference and shared what
his proposals are take a look I want to
make it virtually impossible for anyone
who has mental issues to use a gun I
want to make it virtually impossible for
anyone who is a danger to themselves or
others to use a gun I want to create a
new program in Florida I call it the
violent threat restraining order this
will allow a court to prohibit a violent
or mentally ill person from purchasing
or possessing a firearm or any other
weapon when either a family member
community welfare expert our law
enforcement officer files a sworn
request and presents evidence to the
court of a threat of violence involving
firearms or other weapons also we will
we will require all individuals
purchasing firearms to be 21 or older
there will be exceptions for active duty
and reserve military and spouses
National Guard members and law
enforcement next we will prohibit a
person from possessing or purchasing a
firearm if they are subject to an
injunction for protection against
stalking cyber stalking dating violence
repeat violence sexual violence or
domestic violence and we will completely
ban the purchase or sale of bump stocks
so these are his proposals of course it
is now up to lawmakers in Florida to
vote on will draft this legislation and
then vote on it but it appears as though
they are in favor of it we'll see how it
plays out also Scott's plan would not
arm teachers which is interesting
because you hear that from
of Republican lawmakers though lawmakers
said their own proposals would create a
quote marshal program to allow teachers
who have had enough hours of training
with law enforcement to be armed on
campus so that's a hybrid model you
don't have to arm all the teachers but
if a teacher has gone through the
training they will allow them to be
armed which i think is a disastrous idea
yes so this is a mixed bag so are these
proposals good enough not remotely so it
still doesn't ban assault rifles like
the ar-15 and that is what most of the
survivors are calling for that's what
the whole country not the whole country
but a majority of the country is calling
for there's a lot more here closing the
loophole on gun shows is not in here and
I can go on and on but is it good news
that the immoveable Republicans funded
by the NRA have moved a little bit
it is nearly shocking and yes that is
good news
so bump stocks is a small thing but I'll
take it
moving the age up to 21 is tiny I mean
so in the state of Florida as is the
case in most of the country you could
buy you could buy an ar-15
but you couldn't buy a beer and and of
course the NRA is livid about this
they're like how dare you we bought you
lock stock and barrel and now you have
deviated from us by about 5 percent it
is intolerable we were making money
selling 280 into 19 and 20 year olds and
now you've foreclosed that a tiny amount
of that will affect our profit margins
how dare you right so and what what did
the NRA say they said this restricts a
constitutional right for those poor kids
who are 19 and 20 years old in the state
of Florida but by that logic are we not
allowed to put any age limit on weapons
and you are gonna call that a
constitutional right is that a
constitutional right of 13 year olds 7
year olds 4 year olds to have automatic
weapons that could cut down dozens of
people
at a time I mean that was coming that
was coming I mean they they work so
aggressively to loosen any and all gun
laws that we currently have in place but
I also want to note that even if even if
Rick Scott proposed the strictest gun
laws and somehow lawmakers in Florida
voted in favor of it we live in one
country that's right right Florida isn't
an island
I mean sometimes we wish it was but
Florida isn't an island right it is
connected to mainland USA and so it
doesn't matter what you do in one state
or the other it's very easy to cross
state lines and purchase weapons from a
state where it's much easier to you know
buy these weapons without the
restrictions that you have in a more
strict state I'll give you a really
small caveat to that a studies show that
states with tighter gun controls do have
less gun violence now it's true that you
could just cross over the border and
they do and these are small effects the
much larger effects are countries that
do gun control over all have way lower
violence than we do in America and and
that is because we are physically
separate Japan has almost no gun
violence because they don't allow guns
Wow it's not that complicated well
they'll get goes anyway no they won't
they don't get them in Japan that's why
almost nobody dies from guns from in
Japan being that so so many of these
people who are doing these mass murders
do buy their guns legally then this is
you know this makes sense I'm from
Florida and you know it's really
interesting I was thinking about that
when I was reading that article what
about the rest of the country what about
the rest of America I tell you I when I
saw those kids you know I'm from Florida
and I experienced gun violence in my
high school and it was and here I go
telling one of my stories I can't cuz
that's what I do
but it was it's it's something that is
just a reality when you're in the south
and in your in South Florida but you
know like who when do these people sit
down and decide what are the ages of
mental capacity accountability you know
it's it's so interesting that it always
shifts for the benefit of an
organization that makes money yeah and
everything is so interesting when
you know the age for an abortion
consenting for this consenting for sex
with statutory rate was how old you it
people get so caught up in this of the
regular people who don't realize that
the motivation behind a lot of this
stuff has to do with profit and gain and
so I just think about this stuff and the
casualties of you know those children we
don't get to see the bodies of those
little kids from Sandy Hook we don't see
the bodies right so we don't we walk
away it's a hashtag
rest in peace we make our post and we go
on about our days but those people are
preparing for funerals and the rest of
their lives without their children which
feels so unnatural to have to bury your
child so when I saw this video on them
on this man that went viral who had the
nra tattoo and was very Pro Second
Amendment and he had one of those guns
and he got it he got a he burned it in
in half and said that he couldn't with
good conscience that that gun would not
be available for a mass murder he wasn't
going to resell it he destroyed it and
and he's a second Amendment guy like you
know III spoke out about this and then I
got all these guys saying well when the
government comes to get us good luck
with that did you not see what happened
to that dude who shot the cops in Dallas
and they sent a robot for him you know
like do you really think that your guns
and your ammo and your master plan is
gonna take down the US government and
their militia you're crazy
government has already come for us
absolutely just think about how many of
our freedoms we've willy-nilly given up
in the name of national security think
about you know the opportunities that
have been taken away from us the doors
that have been shut by the very people
who took advantage of those
opportunities in this country rightly
those I mean the government's already
come for us and Americans have been
complacent they've sat back and they've
taken it the gun the gun rights
activists who make that argument they
use the same fear-mongering tactic that
we see from the NRA they know that they
don't stand a chance against the US
military with their drones with their
tanks that's right good luck with your
guns but look by the way I also don't
like the framing that they use when they
make it seem as though if if you want
some form of gun control you're anti
Second Amendment that's right does not
mean you're anti Second Amendment right
I believe in the Second Amendment I do
not want to ban guns in fact the
majority of the students that I've heard
from from parkland Florida do not want
to ban guns but they did think it was a
little strange that in the state of
Florida there was an age limit when it
came to buying handguns but there wasn't
an age limit when it came to a ar-15s
you know that is common-sense gun
legislation that maybe you know the
country should consider so one last
thing so they think that they're gonna
pressure the government to keep their
rights if the Second Amendment protects
all the other amendments okay
let's talk about reality so how would
you use the Second Amendment to
guarantee your other right so what you
would threaten to shoot cops politicians
how would you do that right
in reality what did the kids who were
the survivors of the shooting did they
applied political pressure and Rick
Scott is gonna run very likely to run
for Senate so he's now the governor and
he wants to run for Senator so he
responded to the political pressure so
he was worried they're not gonna vote
for him so all of a sudden he gives you
a concession if you had gone and
exercised your second Amendment rights
and said Rick Scott I'm gonna shoot you
he would not have responded to that
pressure you would be sitting in prison
today
so be sensible be practical and be
American and the American way to address
these issues is through politics and
democracy what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
