the city of Richmond California recently
became the ninth state to join a lawsuit
that's being filed against fossil fuel
companies for not only contributing to
climate change but for covering up the
dangers from the American public these
kinds of lawsuits are springing up all
over the country and it may be our only
real chance to save the planet because
obviously Congress doesn't give a damn
regulators don't give a damn in the
industry itself well they would they
would have us all breathe our last
breath so they can make another dollar
what's your take on this is a great case
I mean this is Richmond California they
say we want to be paid back all the
costs that we've lost for paying for
your fraud I really like this I'm gonna
tell you why I call this kind of the
private attorney general we don't have
government doing what their job should
be we got the Trump administration
trying to repeal back a lot of what
President Obama did with the with the
gas is going in the ozone we have the
the water rising we have water coming
into our communities so we have these
communities pushing back they're saying
look if you're not going to do anything
mr. government I'm gonna go ahead and
try to invoke it what I also really like
is some of these huge pension funds and
some of these huge endowments they're
selling their fossil fuel stocks and
we're not gonna participate in this
that's gonna cause some problems the
downward pricing pressure with these
huge institutional clients selling
fossil fuel stocks that's gonna make
money it's gonna make all these cases
are winnable I think so the first few
cases won't be one
but once the methodology is put in place
once all the documents are out there
Exxon you understand it in was it 2000
to 2005 the the chief scientist for
Exxon the cheap the guy in charge then
was black came forward and he said
listen we're creating climate change
it's not it's not natural it is
occurring and we're helping to create it
and what the what Exxon did after that
constantly every year was they created
their own stories they created I think I
don't know a hundred and forty-seven
stories or something like that with that
they had internally where internally
their scientists about 83% of those
stories all concluded yeah we are
can we are creating climate change and
we're responsible but what they did
Peter is own it was less than 10% of
those stories that ever went out to the
public where the public knew what exxon
what's interesting about the theory of
these cases though is it it what
essentially the the foundation of that
case is it says mr. fossil fuel company
Chevron BP whoever it is you shouldn't
be allowed to profit from your conduct
and then push the ramifications on the
cities and county so when we have water
levels rising and we're having to shore
up like Miami juice you spent hundreds
of millions the taxpayers are man why
should the taxpayers pay it yeah and
Mister this mr. CEO of Chevron makes a
gazillion dollars and then forcing the
ramifications of the conduct on the
taxpayers it's not fair and all we're
doing is is if you're gonna take the
profits you've got to hold the
accountability for actions it seems like
a pretty simple formula yeah well I mean
the it's a formula that that in the end
is going to work exons got some big
problems ahead of
