this is a story where Chiquita
International reached a settlement with
a families of six Americans who were
killed by the Colombia FARC terrorist
group there's a blast from the past yeah
it is it sounds a lot like some of the
stories we've heard whether it's Chevron
shell I mean some of the big companies
that have been caught up in this very
same kind of thing but here in this case
you had Chiquita reported that they paid
well in excess of $200,000 now the
problem is when they made the first
payment Chiquita makes this first
payment to this terrorist group
I mean it's FARC their terrorist group
they understand that what they want to
do is use that terrorist group to
control people citizens that are
objecting to the way that Chiquita is
doing business there in Colombia in
other words they're hiring their own
thugs they're hiring murderers they know
who these new FARC is right my muscle if
that's muscle they're paying for muscle
now the first what is your take on it I
mean first of all this isn't it's even
close to being enough I mean you know
their needs here again how do you how do
you pay for murder and there'd be
nothing more serious than this take you
give me a it was a long period of time
that the story's been kind of leaking
out for over a decade that Chiquita paid
close to two million dollars over time
where they were folks that 1.7 million
over time but over time that 1.7 million
dollars and this isn't the emphasis
organization the beginning when they
were cash starved so what did they do
with that money over time they bought
more of ammo they bought more guns they
they they better armed themselves and
they just increase their operations so
it fed they fed that organization until
they started to go in and I think it was
like you said it was five missionaries
and a geologist kidnapped her right out
of their own home and what was
government she to me this is back in the
early 90s this mother was 23 years old
they barged into her house two young
kids were asleep they dragged one of the
missionaries out handcuffed them took it
off into the jungle never saw him again
and what do they do they made they made
ransoms they made ransoms because
Chiquita is right there
nobody paid in this instance the guy
ends up getting executed never sees him
again my heart went out to this this
family the mother said it was the
hardest time was Christmas every year
Christmas time the girls would ask that
their dad would come home they never got
any remains and here's Chiquita behind
the scenes paying money a lot of money
over time funding this yeah here's what
I think is really Chiquita said Oh
gee-whiz we funded both sides there was
you know both sides that we had to pay
money to to keep art and their argument
was to keep our employees said which is
an absolute crazy it's absolute crazy
talk what the money was paid for was
because you would have something that
Chiquita would do they would they would
you know they would use pesticides that
would affect people in the area they
would take property of people in the
area they were doing things that
citizens around the the around their
operation would object to the
missionaries would of course side with
these people and so what what Chiquita
said is well okay
we're gonna pay out this money now now
follow this just a second it's one thing
to say and they said oh we had no idea
really yeah so the first year that let's
say over time they pay out in excess of
a million dollars which they did so they
pay out in excess they make the first
payment let's say it's two hundred
thousand dollars that they pay out the
next two weeks after they pay the money
something happens
arms are brought in you start seeing as
people start dying things start
escalating okay that's the first time
then they pay at another five hundred
thousand dollars and it escalates even
more well it doesn't take a rocket
scientist for the people in management
at Chiquita understand clearly what's
happening throwing gas on the fire yeah
it just got worse and worse and worse
than it escalated and people lost their
lives and I mean that's a that's a huge
international company that is feeding a
terrorist organization time we've heard
this story we this is a story that's
repeated a zoo of this yeah it is part
to this story but it's it's something
that's repeated itself a time of time
now here's the real twist on it now this
only happened because you had the
anti-terrorism act that came into being
thank goodness
we have ways that we can deal with with
with tools for dealing with this type of
terrorism that's exactly what it is
they're funding terrorists as you are
working on the same case I'm working on
our law firms working on the case where
we're finding that banks are washing
money for terrorists so they the
terrorists
you know the terror the money goes from
UBS it's washed and then it ends up on
the street in the hands of terrorists
and we're representing people of course
who have been victims of terrorism I
mean that's where that's where this ends
so we're suing not you know we're suing
our we're suing the banks because they
understand clearly what's happening with
the money just like Chiquita understood
here what you're trying to connect the
dots it's none of those two stories I
think what's interesting is that without
Chiquita without the banks washing the
money you wouldn't have these problems
the people wouldn't have as many
military folks coming home without
without limbs and without hours and
without our missionaries widowed and
kids that grow up without a parent so
the the travesty of this is big
corporate America taking the the profits
taken the and paying off terrorists to
keep themselves and their bottom lines
and emotive goods it's at the expense of
records about money today so what we
lose missionaries so hundreds of
millions of dollars in deposits in from
these terrorist organizations we're
gonna wash it up scrub it up nobody's
gonna know where it's coming through or
that it's going back to Iran again this
was only happening because of the
anti-terrorism act now what I predict is
you're going to see banks in companies
like Chiquita doing everything they can
to make this anti-terrorism that go away
