now I told you guys about a candidate
running in the middle of Kansas who's a
real diehard progressive his name is
Brent welder and Brent is an interesting
guy he cares so much about getting money
out of politics he volunteered for a
wolf pack wolf dash pack.com it's
awesome where where'd he find out about
wolf pack turns out TYT turns out not
only has he been a qit viewer he's a -
our team member now he's running for
Congress but is he gonna win it's a
really a member of the TYT army going to
win a seat in the middle of Kansas he's
running against your door who's a deeply
right-wing Republican in the middle of
Kansas now we get to the interesting
news first of all he was endorsed and
picked by the just Democrats so just
Democrats were fully on board today a
new endorsement our revolution that is
Bernie Sanders group six million strong
wait were not done and another one
progressive change campaign committee
bold progressives org p triple c also
endorsing brandt welder hmm looks like
momentum but hold you ready for this
there is a new poll out public policy
polling Brandt welder the new leader in
the race winning against Kevin Yoder the
incumbent Republican 49 to 42 I love it
hey that's not forty nine forty two in
the primary that's 49 42 against the
incumbent a Republican in the middle of
Kansas what did I tell you they're not
coming for us we're coming for them
Brent welder is an amazing candidate
that's why he did this I'm gonna tell
you more about him but look this is so
important that you get involved so we
set up a website TYT kansas calm you
gotta get in the fight right now we got
to get in fifty thousand dollars I'll
tell you why okay but I need to see that
thermometer go up and up and up and up
until we hit at least fifty thousand
dollars
okay so couple reasons one one if we
help him he's gonna win what is he gonna
use the $50,000 for he's gonna use it
for a field team the number one way you
and I have talked to politicians all
across the country the national level
and the state level whenever I asked him
how did you defeat an incumbent
especially at the state level the number
one answer is knocking on doors but you
can't knock on doors if you don't have a
field team the $50,000 is to hire a
field team you've got to give it to
Brent you got to back him up you got to
bring the TYT Calvary let me tell you
something else about Brandon reason
number two when we were raising money
for this studio Brent gave money it's
time to pay him back okay one of our own
one of you guys is about to become a
United States congressman this is when
you bring the cavalry at a minimum
50,000 he's not taking he's a just
Democrat so he's not taking any
corporate PAC money our revolution and p
triple c would never back him if he
wasn't a die-hard progressive who's
gonna fight for you guys and by the way
what does that mean if you live in the
middle of cases you live in his district
what does it mean it means that he's
gonna fight for the average guy he wants
your wages to be higher don't you
deserve that you work so hard the
Republicans keep telling you no no no
your wage has got to be lowered no no if
you want any jobs you gotta have low
wages that's that is not a fair equation
it's not right you're working your ass
off you deserve higher wages your kids
deserve a chance at college your family
deserves health care you're working so
hard but if you won you know disaster
and a health care situation could wipe
you out
well Brent's not gonna let that happen
he doesn't take corporate money so he
doesn't represent that gonna represent
corporations he's gonna represent you
guys now how much does he already raised
is he already viable in that sense get a
load of this and this is again this is
not a California candidate it's not on
New York Kennedy this is the middle of
Kansas as of the filing deadline ending
December 31st welder reporter raising
two hundred and fifty five thousand
seven hundred forty nine dollars from
over two thousand grassroots donations
can I see four thousand grassroot
donations let's make this happen
now before he gets to the general
election though he does have a
Democratic primary opponent of course
an establishment corporate Democrat who
says that no no no in Kansas you should
compromise and that's wait till you get
a load of the guy's slogans his opponent
has two slogans one is leading from the
middle Oh
oh my god that might be the worst slogan
I have ever seen in my entire life until
you get to his next slogan the courage
to compromise what you haven't even
gotten into office and you're already
compromising the search slogan might as
well be pre-emptive surrender to the
Republicans no we're not interested in
surrender anymore we're interested in
guys like Brent welder who's gonna fight
who's gonna fight for you okay by the
way is this feat winnable look you know
it's easy to say the middle of Kansas
everybody things like oh my god it's got
to be a huge uphill fight look in 2016
that particular district Hillary Clinton
won Kansas third District over Donald
Trump by forty seven point two two forty
six so it's a tight margin so you got to
make sure that you're involved if you're
there volunteer and we'll put all the
links to how to volunteer donate etc
down below in the description box if
you're watching on YouTube in a comment
section on Facebook and obviously TYT
Kansas comm TYT Kansas comm to
contribute to get him to where he needs
to be but Hillary won that district by
one point so there's no reason why a
Democrat can't win especially a strong
Democrat in fact let me give you the
last couple of polls here that show you
how great a chance he has do you approve
or disapprove of Trump's performance so
far in this district in Kansas only
forty-one percent approve and 56 percent
disapproved so if Brent goes to the
general election he's gonna be in great
great shape but he needs a field team
alright and two issues for you guys to
give you a sense of no matter where you
are in the country don't buy into the
establishment hype that you got to go
further right-wing you gotta appease the
Republicans to win boats not not at all
look at these poll numbers also from
Public Policy Polling save billions of
dollars reversing tax cuts for the rich
and eliminating tax loopholes for the
large corporations and use that
money to make long-term investments in
rebuilding our roads bridges in schools
so do you want to do that reverse the
billionaire tax cuts and new
infrastructure sixty five percent
support twenty one percent opposed
they tell you old Kansas they love
giving billionaires tax cuts no they
don't
why not give it to the middle class and
finally should that you should Congress
fully investigate the Wall Street
bankers who caused the financial
meltdown and if they broke the law
prosecute and jail them seventy seven
percent support only ten percent opposed
yes they do frauded us I know that they
are represented by almost everybody else
in Congress why because they take
corporate money
Brent welder doesn't take corporate
money so he's gonna represent actual
people the citizens of Kansas make him
your representative and let them fight
for you
TYT Kansas calm we got to make that
happen we will check back in to see
where we are with that throughout this
show and every show until we get to that
mark you go get them Brett if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now TYT Network comm
/join get the whole younger so every day
