all right I want to tell you real quick
how I met Alison Hartson she was
volunteer for Wolfpack
and I started getting calls from
California saying we've got this teacher
from Orange County and she is a machine
she's killing it and eventually she rose
up the ranks and became the leader of
for wolf packing in the whole state of
California she organized over a thousand
volunteers and got a jr1 past and a jr1
is a resolution to call for a convention
to get that amendment we need to fix
money in politics she's in she's an
absolutely amazing woman she we then
promoted her all the way to national
director of Wolfpack and I can't imagine
someone who would be a better not just
candidate but senator from California so
the next senator from California
who's ready to take back our government
that's right that's right all right I'm
gonna ask you to do something weird I
want you to finish my sentences for me
and I'm not gonna prep you for it cuz
you know what our rights are you ready
Medicare for college for higher wages
for justice for justice boy that's right
you know why I'm running for office
because we are done asking our
legislators to do the right thing we are
done begging Dianne Feinstein to
represent us we are going on the offense
Bernie Sanders in 2016
electrified the world didn't he he
transformed the consciousness of this
country in a way that we haven't seen
since occupy in 2010 and now the most
popular senator in the country needs a
little backup right so it is incumbent
upon us that we make sure that the
revolution continues to move forward
that's why we're here that is why I'm
running for United States Senate because
when we stand strong together and we
show the corporate machine that we will
not stand down we will not be
intimidated
we will not be scared into inaction that
is how you start a revolution
and when we lock arms and we show the
corporate machine yes we will fight for
our families yes we will fight for our
neighbors yes we will do so with the
fierce urgency of now that is how you
remove fear and inject hope in its place
and that is how we win now you just saw
that lovely video a volunteer put that
together for me isn't that great his
name's Jason Cabral I didn't even know
Jason existed he just threw it at me on
Twitter was like here you go I hope it
helps
amazing people in this world and so I
want to elaborate a little bit on what
that talked about as as Genk was was
saying as well so I was born and raised
in Orange County I come from a large
family a brothers and sisters and I was
told by many people that I would not
graduate high school so I went on to
become the first person in my family to
graduate college we know how much that
can transform the trajectory of a family
then I was told that I would not be an
effective public high school teacher so
I went on to design and teach an
intervention program for our most
at-risk teenagers to help them achieve
the things they were told they couldn't
do and it was my experience teaching in
this low-income neighborhood with
predominantly first and
second-generation students from Mexico
where I realized that I thought I had
experienced the rigged economy the
effects of wealth and income inequality
on my own family but when I started
teaching in a community of color I saw
it on a whole new scale and I couldn't
stomach it I had to take action so I did
what I always told my students to do I
studied I looked into the root cause so
that we can actually solve these
problems and I found what we know that
the root cause of all of it is the
corrupting influence of money in our
political system
and that was it for me there was no
turning back
I drove in headfirst and so I got my
hands on every single group working to
get big money out of politics that I
possibly could and I soon landed on
Wolfpack which as you know Genki ogre
founded and I soon became the California
state director while I was teaching high
school it was like working two full-time
jobs and almost every single person I
knew told me it wasn't possible so you
know what I did I did what I do with
everything I didn't listen to him I took
I took that negativity and I used it to
fuel my passion to fuel my motivation
and I organized thousands of volunteers
throughout the state of California and
together we got our measure passed in a
little over a year through the
California State Legislature and then I
did the same thing in New Jersey and
then the same thing in Rhode Island and
now we've passed our measure in five
states and we have Wolfpack chapters and
almost all 50 states tell me it can't be
done
and what I learned at Wolfpack is well
what happened was I made the difficult
decision to step down from teaching and
to join Wolfpack full-time I became the
National Director and so I'm travelling
around the country and I'm working with
legislators in blue states red states
purple states I'm knocking on doors
talking to voters from California to
Missouri to New York New Mexico Hawaii
Oregon you name it I'm talking to people
who voted for Trump I'm talking to
people who voted for Bernie and Clinton
and I see what we know that the
propaganda machine is dividing us and
conquering us and it's true and I see it
and I'm talking to everybody all over
the country and then I know I realize if
we're going to get the policies passed
that we need to we're going to have to
do it ourselves that means that we have
got to start running for office and that
we have got to make sure that we only
vote for true progressives what is a
true progressive somebody who does not
take corporate money
somebody who does not take dark money
none of it that's why I'm not we in
order to take back our government we are
gonna have to take them on from every
single angle from the inside out from
the outside in from the ground up and we
have to make sure that we start voting
in the primaries right look let's keep
it real we have been trained to vote
every four years during the presidential
election in November and then we wonder
why the only options we ever have are to
neoliberals one on the left and one on
the right you know why it's because the
people who vote in the primaries are the
neoliberals the corporate Democrats and
the corporate Republicans but there are
more of us than there are of them so we
have to start getting out in the
primaries so I want you to mark your
calendars the primary in California is
June 5th of this year you can only vote
for me in November if you vote for me on
June 5th and if you don't live in
California find out what your primary
date is so here I am like you I am
pissed pumped and passionate and what
keeps me going every single day is
knowing what we are capable of when we
band together and we refuse to take no
for an answer when we refuse to say
thank you to the wealthy overlords who
passed down their crumbs to us in
exchange for our silence well no thank
you
you can keep your crumbs Dianne
Feinstein we're coming for our house
when we realize the power of our vote of
our voice of our movement we will be
unstoppable and it's already happening
dr. Martin Luther King said our weapon
is our vote so now it is up to us to
decide are we going to continue down the
same path fighting the same battles
using the same weapons or are we truly
truly going to be the very change that
we seek and if I'm going to do this if
I'm going to have the honor to represent
you in Washington DC and go and give old
Bernie some backup I'm gonna need your
backup I need you starting now to join
me to fight with me to fight for me
every single day do something go to my
website
Allison Hartson com tweet one day
Facebook the next day riding off to and
off Edie the next day volunteer donate
anything that you can because ladies and
gentlemen this is going to be a huge
battle make no mistake about it
they do not want us inside those halls
of power because they know that when we
get in there we're taking that power
back and we are going to invest in our
children we are going to invest in our
communities we are going to invest in
the next generation and we are going to
show the world that we do care about
them that we do care about people we do
care about our planet and we do value
diversity and we're doing this together
thank you very much and happy birthday
to whitey
we've never said this before I don't
know why and we haven't talked it
through so I don't know what I'm about
to say is kosher or not but part of the
reason why you only have millionaires
running for office and and why they
don't understand what we go through is
the the system that we have now the laws
that we have now so you're not allowed
to until you hit a certain point you're
not allowed to take any money from your
campaign for your salary well Allison
had to stop working at Wolf Pack in
order to run for Senate so she has no
salary and has not had any salary since
she started running for Senate she
emptied her whole retirement account to
do this she's not Dianne Feinstein she
doesn't have 80 million dollars her
husband doesn't have a billion dollars
she doesn't even have a husband okay so
and that's okay
so look you you get you get a sense that
she's gonna fight for you but you
haven't seen what I've seen you don't
know how brave she is that's a hell of a
jump I don't know that I could do that I
don't know if any of us could do that
but she did that and so it you're not
gonna have to convince her to fight for
our priorities aren't you so tired of
that oh well if we beg and we plead and
we push then maybe we can get a
Democratic senator to do what we want
why don't we just elect someone who
agrees with us who's lived what we've
lived and I've seen her make sacrifice
after sacrifice look at Wolfpack there's
no good pay so you know Jimmy was joking
around before about how bad it pays to
be a teacher
she took a massive pay cut from being a
teacher to become the National Director
of Wolfpack so she has kept going down
in salary she she men to get money out
of politics I think she got it out of
her own bank account first but so for
her to do all that in the sacrifices
she's gone through we got to all fight
together we got to all fight together so
if we do that volunteer army and we go
in and knock on those doors and make
those calls go to Alison Hartson comm
they're not gonna be able to stop her
she doesn't take corporate PAC money but
she doesn't take any PAC money and and
so I heard her say this and it floored
me she said look III I was a teacher I
was in the teachers union I don't want
to take Union money because I don't want
anyone to think that when I stand up for
the Union did I did it for the wrong
reason so let's elect one of us to
represent us
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get it completely ad-free if you could
become a member of the young turks TYT
Network comm / join
