lawmakers in Florida are hoping with a
public safety concern and if you think
it might have to do with mass shootings
you're wrong they're actually worried
about sex they're worried about porn and
so even though they have refused to even
debate the issue of gun control they
have decided that they will do something
about pornography so just to focus a
little more on what the Florida what
Florida State House failed to do
yesterday they rejected a ban on many
semi-automatic guns and large capacity
magazines but they not only rejected
that ban they rejected an opportunity to
even debate the issue okay
lawmakers voted down a motion to
consider the ban during a session that
opened with a prayer for the 17 people
killed by a former student last
Wednesday the vote in the Republican
dominated body was 36 to 71 of course 71
voting against the opportunity to debate
this legislation now some students have
weighed in on this one student says it
shows that they don't care about us it
was just so heartbreaking to see how
many voters names were up there
especially after after it was my school
it seemed almost heartless how they
immediately pushed the button to say no
but one thing that Florida lawmakers are
planning on protecting their
constituents from is the evils of
pornography the Florida Legislature is
declaring pornography as a health risk a
health risk a health risk and and that's
not from like 20 years ago or 200 years
ago they just did it they just did it
they're like oh high-capacity magazines
that allows people to massacre kids at a
school no problem we're not even going
to debate that it's such an obvious no
problem that we're not going to debate
it okay but porn oh that's a risk to
your health
no it's a risk your health a bullet
that's the significant risk to your
health but no that gets no hearing so
let's find out why they thought this is
such a big risk
Republican representative Ross Spano
said that it could lead to mental and
physical illness what physical illness I
mean the sex can lead to physical
illness you get a CD or whatever
what is por leading to that's I mean
maybe you hurt yourself I don't know you
don't overdo it okay and by the way I
guess he's this guy's also a candidate
for attorney general so if he becomes
Attorney General in Florida then he gets
to make sure that all of this then he
enforces these laws so one of the things
that they're doing here is they want to
do education but what does that mean
what does that mean what does that mean
sometimes please tell me what that means
like you're gonna sit people down and
talk to them about porn you're everyone
I mean pornhub should be super excited
their traffic is gonna like skyrocket
now my favorite yes I don't know like
would you just say no good luck with
that campaign please I mean you're gonna
waste taxpayer dollars and just say no
to porn to kids all right good luck good
luck okay see how that turns out order
adults by the way this is implies to
everybody okay
policy changes which means that at some
point I might want to ban it
but my favorite research my guess is
Ross Spanos gonna raise his hand right
away I'm taking the research part I'm
taking the research part okay I have got
to figure out what kind of illnesses I
can get how many people have died from
porn that 17 people just died from porn
in Florida no zero people died from porn
in Florida you know how many people die
after somebody watches porn no one
because they go to sleep okay
anyway anyway last part of this is that
he says that he's worried and this one
it's it one comfortably in a voice vote
didn't even bother taking account out
there like obviously porn is so
dangerous to our health that that not
bullets but for is okay the last part
why they voted YES on this was because
porn could lead to deviant sexual
behavior good so what is none of your
business none of your business you know
what is your business is a lawmaker
doing something about gun violence in
your state seventeen people just got
shot and killed they didn't do it sound
like they passed this resolution three
weeks ago they did it on the same day
that they voted against even having a
discussion of debate about gun
legislation like how they they have no
shame they have no shame it's a
amazing Republicans led this you're
talking about deviant sexual behavior
you just had a Senate candidate in
Alabama who molested fourteen-year-old
girls in the woods but you're saying
porn is what is deviant no you don't and
you have a president who's been accused
by 19 different women of sexual
harassment and sexual assault you're not
worried about actual illegal or deviant
behavior that causes harm to others but
some guy or some woman likes this kind
of sex or that kind of sex and they'd
like to watch it in the comforter in
their own homes but you're gonna go the
guys who are against big government are
gonna come into your homes cut look at
what you're watching on your computer go
into your phones and be like no I'm
judging you I'm judging you you're
immoral your deviant etc in under the
guise of protecting your health right
and by the way just to be clear there is
no scientific consensus on porn being
damaging to people so you know they they
like to cherry-pick whatever they can
find that meets their agenda they're
wasting their time they are literally
getting paid by taxpayers to do this
kind of nonsense to literally literally
like you know just waste their time on
issues that don't really affect people
in the meantime there's a bunch of
students in their very state in tears
protesting trying to get something
substantive done and they're just
completely ignoring them if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now tea why tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
