once more Samuels life again is going to
try to talk some some sense into the
president I fully respect all of our
amendments including the second but in
Maryland they have proven that the
Second Amendment does not protect these
types of weapons they have banned over
45 different kinds of a soul weapons
including the AR includin a or they have
banned Maggie's they have limited
magazine sizes they have proven that
it's not like we have to lose our Second
Amendment you know these the Second
Amendment I believe was for defense and
I fully respect that like I said but
these these are not weapons of Defence
these are weapons of war and I just I
still can't fathom that I'm myself I'm
able to purchase one these are extremely
specific extremely doable changes you
could you could ban specific types of
weapons you could limit magazine sites
you can do all of that and we know that
it would have a good effect but we also
know that if you are forced into doing
it just in the state level as some
states have done you have the problem of
the fact that you're surrounded by a sea
of places where you can go and you can
buy one of these weapons in a few
minutes if you want to weapons that are
literally better than what some armed
forces around the world have any jackass
can go and buy one and then if you can
cross state borders if he wants to yeah
look the Second Amendment is is for
malicious it just is you they just
ignore half of their Amendment they're
just like oh that's inconvenient I'd
like to buy whatever weapon I like and
have fun it's not for well-regulated
militia so I'm just not gonna read half
the Amendment I don't care I don't care
I just want a gun and since I feel like
it I needed for whatever reason okay
fill in the blank
I'm okay with kids dying with ar-15s so
this is not what the Second Amendment
says I know as a country we've lost our
minds so we're like just ignore it but
it is for a well-regulated militia it
was a couple hundred years ago when we
didn't have an organized military you
needed it for militia to protect your
community in case foreign invaders came
in partly and partly in the south the
militias were at a second name they were
called slave patrols so that that's the
history of the Second Amendment I know
it makes people uncomfortable but that's
the reality of it and did the even if
you believe the Second Amendment has
nothing to do with the militia even
though it says militia in it and you
think no it means that the Thomas
Jefferson wanted me to have an ar-15 did
he want you to have a tank did he want
you to have an RPG did he want you to
have grenades bombs mustard gas how
about a nuclear bomb is there no limit
on the Second Amendment if there is a
limit on the Second Amendment which of
course there is there is on each
Amendment right it you can't yell fire
in a crowded theater
you also can't fire into a crowded
theater or whether ar-15 there's limit
on the First Amendment and the Second
Amendment and if there is a limit then
we get to recently decided a democracy
what that limit should be and maryland
has decided hey you know what we don't
want to solve weapons and there's no
problem with that even if you fully
believe in the Second Amendment that is
perfectly normal and acceptable and
correct just the continuous that stage
for this movie gets a what Trump's final
thoughts were there was a decent mix of
people who agreed with him on these
things like arming teachers and and
putting up barricades in schools people
each had their stories people are just
the mental health part too we won't
better hear it but people there was a
Sandy Hook mother that said there's a
mental health issue that we're talking
about but how do you determine that
sometimes the mental health issues are
shit the vast majority of people with
mental health issues aren't aggressive
they're depressed or they have their
issues within themselves that they're
just quietly going through your life
with to identify that it's different
than locking them up or arresting them
before we assume they're all carrying
out these crimes that was ignored as
well which we'll find out if we go to
that last part too which will eventually
he ignored the mental health aspect the
reality of it and also the gun legislate
was going through there was a lot of
smart things said none of them were
acknowledged was the most frustrating
part of this okay well why don't we go
if you can get videos sixteen ready were
to go to one last video of Trump showing
that he wasn't listening it wasn't
saying as the kid was giving his ideas
so we're gonna show you that and then I
have a little bit of a prediction if you
have suggestions you have to age and
they do purchase and also the
there yeah they're not gonna stop
they're not gonna stop yeah he's gonna
look at men's health of course we have
to give him credit he did already look
at mental health last year when he
signed a bill allowing people with
exactly those sorts of problems to still
get their guns we already know what his
stance is on that we know exactly what's
gonna happen more guns I think it's my
prediction I think right now we've got
this popular movement largely led by the
survivors of tragedies like this that I
think are gonna do an amazing amount of
good at the state and local level to put
pressure on politicians hopefully scare
some congressmen and Senators and it
doing the right thing but I also know
because I've been alive and breathing
for the past year and a half exactly
what's gonna happen the federal level he
is going to say I want Democrats and
Republicans to come together and do some
kind of bill we're gonna fight for you
and you give it to me and I'm gonna sign
it and then the absolute troglodytes and
monsters in Congress are going to do the
most minor background check possible and
say if you want that you need to do
concealed carry reciprocity you need to
do this long list of absolute insane
extreme right-wing fantasies of gun
control and if they don't give them
everything there he is going to begin
Twitter tirades attacking cryin chuck
and whoever insane juvenile nicknames
and he's gonna make it seem as if the
Democrats who aren't leading on this
issue but at least would do something
are the actual cause of no progress
whatsoever we've seen this played out a
million times it's about to happen again
on guns and there at the end when he
went through his so-called solutions a
believe me we're gonna solve it gun
control was not among the solutions that
he mentioned cuz they're not gonna do
gun control that that's not what they do
the Donald Trump got 30 million dollars
from the NRA when he ran he's bought
lock stock and barrel in this case kind
of literally yeah and and so he doesn't
care what those kids say that's why he
just he listened to those kids and
ignored him and he's like oh you want
gun control that is not on my to-do list
instead I'm gonna talk about mental
health when in reality we have the same
mental health problems that the whole
rest of the world is same rate as the
rest of the developed world that is not
the issue what is different about us
where we have far more gun violence of
the rest of the belt war world is we
have far more guns it is how many times
here we see a hundred and thirty
different studies prove it out but
nonetheless we have this insane
conversation because our politicians are
corrupt that's what they are and so I
just last point on on John's point about
mental health look if you don't know
that was one of the first things that
Trump did he reversed an Obama
regulation saying that now if you are so
mentally incompetent that Social
Security cannot trust you with a check
they're giving you they must give it to
someone who's gonna take care of you
you're still allowed to buy a gun Obama
said well I mean if they're mentally
incompetent that they can't even handle
one dollar
maybe we shouldn't let them buy a gun
Trump says no we should let those people
buy guns he doesn't care about mental
help and he just in his own in his
budget he just cut mental health by over
six hundred and fifty million dollars so
what happened so you were gonna do no
it's all a lie they're not gonna do a
goddamn thing because Trump is the swamp
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
