hey guys we're starting week six of our
membership drive and I want to thank a
lot of you for participating a lot of
you signed up to be activists and
insiders and we're excited that you're
part of the first hundred thousand and
and we really do think of it as a family
so thank you for joining our TYT family
so for all of you new members you're in
for a treat that's what we believe and I
think you're gonna really enjoy some of
the benefits so you're gonna gain access
the TYT member shows on our app and at
TYT calm you're gonna have exclusive
postgame extras an opportunity to
interact with hosts and a celebrity
guest during our live T YT Town Hall's
we've got Members Only merchandise and
discounts at shop T y-t-dot-com and you
have access to our special
behind-the-scenes content so you're used
to seeing me and a John or Haas on our
shows but people love to peek behind the
curtain and see what goes on behind the
scenes every day like this video with
John here's one do it I've got a bunch
of browsers open I'm looking for news
breaking I'm also going into that so
that we just filmed we just had actress
and activist my Perabo was on you might
notice by the way as some people put on
an Instagram my monitors are yellow
anyway that's how much I strain I get it
takes about the monitor and the glasses
working in tandem for me to not die
I was mainly looking for tabs on his
computer the whole time until we got to
the end and that was like oh that was
awesome and I get it now that was the
whole point of the video John and the
dog get all that fun stuff for
membership and be on the left side of
history T y-t-dot-com slash join to
become a member today
