Rachele crooks is one of the many women
who has accused Donald Trump of sexual
misconduct and she is not allowing some
of the death threats and some of the
intimidation that has been launched in
her direction to deter her from sharing
her story in fact she has made a
decision to run as a lawmaker in her
state of Ohio just so she has a platform
necessary to keep spreading the message
of what she experienced by Donald Trump
when she was only 22 years old now at
that time she had actually left her
small town of Seneca County Ohio and
moved to New York City in an effort to
start her career and she was excited to
be in New York and she was especially
excited to land a job as a receptionist
at Trump Tower
now she was working for a specific
company that operated out of Trump Tower
and she came into contact with Donald
Trump and she alleged that without any
warning he proceeded to kiss her
without any consent now I want to share
her story with you in a little more
detail according to her account in early
February she did launch a campaign to
become a democratic state representative
in Ohio in part so she can share her
story more widely with voters across the
state no she's already had a couple
events where she has talked about her
story in one of the events she said the
following it all happened at Trump Tower
I had just moved to New York and I was
working as a secretary for another
company in the building that's where he
forced himself on me he took hold of my
hand and held me in place he started
kissing me on one cheek then the other
cheek he was talking to me in between
kisses asking where I was from or if I
wanted to be a model he wouldn't let go
of my hand and then he went right in and
started kissing me on the lips it felt
like a long kiss the whole thing
probably lasted two minutes maybe less
now she says it she doesn't want any
money or any attention because of this
story she just wants to point out her
story involving his misconduct she says
I don't want money I don't need a
lawsuit I just want people to listen how
many women have to come forward what
will it take to get a response and I
think that's a question that a lot of
people are asking right
now it seems as though Donald Trump is
completely untouched by all of these
allegations and more importantly it
seems as though his base the people who
voted for him just either refused to
believe this women or more importantly
do believe the women but don't care
yeah and so context about her story is
if she wanted to get rich or famous she
could have sued Donald Trump at the time
or made allegations publicly at the time
she didn't now if you just stopped there
the Trump supporters will say well so
that how do you know it happened and of
course conveniently right before the
election she comes forward well you know
it happened because she sent emails the
time there verified they were in 2006
she said unto her mom to her sister and
then and to another friend a couple of
days later it's the same exact story
that she's saying now and she said
before the Alexan elections so she could
have done a thousand different things
for the money at the time and she didn't
she just noted it to her friends and of
course as with a lot of the people who
have gone through an ordeal like this
she was worried that she didn't do
enough and so she started to blame
herself it's the same story that we see
over and over again
maybe I should have been more forceful
maybe I should have bit his lip maybe I
should have told other people at work
but where does she work she works at a
place that had business dealings with
Donald Trump and she's afraid that she's
not gonna be believed well exactly so
you're working in Trump Tower as a 22
year old woman who are you gonna tell
you're gonna go and complain to whom
security and let them know hey the the
guy who this building is named after
kiss me without my consent I mean what
chance do you have of anyone you know
going after Trump if you make those
types of allegations and keep in mind
she's 22 years old at the time brand-new
to New York really wants to succeed now
here's the part of the story that really
got to me she is in a part of Ohio that
overwhelmingly voted for Trump it seems
as though some of her immediate family
also voted for Trump even though she had
email
evidence of the account that she is
sharing publicly now back in 2006 when
this happened she emailed her mom about
it she emailed her sister about it she
emailed other family members about it
and we'll share those emails with you in
just a second but people in her town
started coming after her to give you
some examples she got comments like you
ignorant attention-seeking cow nobody
would touch you especially not Trump you
look like a boy a gun to your head would
be good for our nation we know Trump has
class so why would he waste his time on
some average chick like this yeah with
that guy seems like he knows a lot about
class so I guess he's an expert on the
topic and and everyone so all the right
wing will scream oh like these people
they want attention to they want money
and there is no downside to it no
downside to nothing but downside yeah
and or they'll say like oh why didn't
they just come forward or earlier that
well because they were afraid stuff like
this is gonna happen and and so when
they do come out often times they're not
believed she said the security guards
literally had the word Trump on their
suits right so I'm gonna go and complain
to them etc and then just to prove her
point when she does come forward and say
it you Cal you this you should shoot
yourself etc gee I wonder why people are
a little reluctant to come forward so
the issue of sexual assault has now like
everything else in the country become so
politicized where you have people on the
right specifically Trump voters who
pretend who pretend like they care about
sexual assault who pretend like they
care about the well-being of women and
making sure that they're not victims of
misconduct if there's someone on the
left wing involved but if there's
someone on the right wing involved
whether it's Roy Moore Donald Trump or
whoever whatever goon that they have on
their side nope doesn't matter in fact
this is what should worry every single
one of us okay
94% of Trump supporters told pollsters
that their views were not impacted by
the sexual harassment allegations
against him because they don't care
they don't care they loved running their
mouths about Bill Clinton and by the way
Bill Clinton not an angel deserve the
criticism that he got but it's
interesting how they would run around
talking about how he you know is guilty
of sexual misconduct but they won't do
the same thing when it comes to the
president that they voted for and and so
we get nothing for our principled
position nothing nothing so if we say
hey Bill Clinton shouldn't have done the
things that he did nobody comes and goes
hey progressives way to be principled
right and the Republicans don't go oh
you know what ecology they're being
principled maybe we should be principled
to know they don't care about their
hypocrisy at all they probably don't
even realize it they probably think well
of course Clinton's a monster and Al
Franken's a monster Trump who is alleged
to have done things far worse by 19
different women oh no he's perfectly
great he's wonderful I don't care that
he did it to them hypocrisy is not an
issue they just don't care they're gonna
support their guy no matter what and so
by the way if you're a Republican woman
or any kind of woman with these guys in
charge god help you but don't call those
women stupid for voting for people like
Donald Trump don't talk about how you
don't respect the women who vote for
Donald Trump
the guy who himself on tape said that he
grabs women by the genitals and kisses
them without consent I apologize if I
hurt your feelings for telling you that
I don't respect you for voting for this
clown okay but it's because he doesn't
respect you as a woman he thinks that
you're either a pig if you disagree with
him he will run his mouth and talk about
how worthless you are if you know you
have the audacity to go up against him I
mean he has disrespected women time and
time again he's done it publicly time
and time again so if it hurts your
feelings if another woman says that she
disrespects your decision to vote for
him sorry but that's the reality of the
situation yeah who cares they get so
fucking hurt sorry about you know
someone criticizing them in their
decision to support a monster like
Donald Trump but then they turn around
and talk about how much they love how
Trump tells it like it is I'm telling it
like it is I don't respect you okay and
so they get super triggered by that yeah
they do and David Brooks and others are
out there now going like you know the
Democrats need and progressives need to
respect gun owners more what respect did
they show us when's the last time you
saw a Republican or a conservative or a
trump supporter going you know what guys
we really need to deeply respect
liberals okay so don't look to Anna's
point there first of all that famous
incident of Donald Trump talking about
how he grabs women's by the genitals and
and kisses them and he can get away with
it because they just let him do it
because he's a star now it's not that
they let him do it it's that they're too
afraid to report him inside Trump
however isn't that tape of Trump saying
that was a couple of months before he
did it to this particular woman so he's
told Billy Bush then a couple months
later he sees a woman and he does
exactly what he said he does in that
tape so racial crooks is saying look
this happened at Trump Tower
why don't we release surveillance that
will prove what I'm saying happened why
won't we do it he is asked several times
and she has not received a single
response by the way she did send emails
to her family on the day that this
happened and she shared that with the
press the email she had sent to her
mother at 127 that afternoon in 2006
said the following hey MA my day started
off rough had a weird incident with mr.
Trump the email she sent a few hours
later to her sister at 3:05 p.m. I must
just appear to be some dumb girl that he
can take advantage of she also sent an
email to another family member later
saying ah yes the Donald kiss very
creepy man let me tell you so that was
back in 2006 when it happened she did
not try to take a like I mean we have to
say absurd things like she didn't try
and take advantage of that situation she
was a victim
there's nothing but like in the insanity
of the right-wing uh-huh uh-huh what did
what does she gain from it all she did
was private emails saying I can't
believe that Donald Trump did this at
that time he's not running for president
he's not anywhere near running for
president there is no other agenda she's
not some sort of FBI plant sent in from
12 years you know in a hot tub
machine etc it actually happened get it
through your thick skull and some of you
if you were Trump supporters and you're
women you think yeah yeah what do you
mean I I got it so he fondles and kisses
women without getting their consent so
what okay then let me go a little
farther than Anna and I'm not saying
this in a way that I hope that it
happens I hope it never happens because
I'm actually a decent person that's why
I'm a progressive but fair warning to
you guys that means Donald Trump and
Republican men can do that to you at any
time and then 94% of your fellow
Republicans will say don't care oh he
sexually assaulted you who cares
oh go next to Donald Trump googa next
other Republican politicians go next to
other Republican leaders let them fondle
you over and over and over again you
know what your fellow Republicans are
gonna say including most of the women
don't care my issue with that is not
only are you enabling that type of
behavior toward you you're enabling that
type of behavior toward all women you
are sending the message that that type
of behavior perpetrated by men is
acceptable how am I supposed to sit here
and be okay with that by the way just as
a reminder here's what Trump famously
said in that Billy Bush tape you know
I'm automatically attracted to beautiful
women I just start kissing them it's
like a magnet just kiss I don't even
wait and when you're a star they let you
do it you can do anything that's exactly
what he did here you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
