a state senator in Idaho had a scheduled
meeting with students from the
University of Idaho they wanted to meet
with him to talk about legislation
involving the availability and
accessibility of birth control and they
also wanted to reform sex education in
schools in the state
now even though state senator Dan
Foreman had a scheduled meeting with
them he decided to cancel last minute
because he wasn't really interested in
hearing what they had to say and then
there was a video circulating on the
internet involving him getting
confronted by said students now they had
driven more than 300 miles to make it to
that meeting and when he canceled last
minute without any warning they were
upset
so they come they cross paths in a
hallway and here's how things played out
take a look you're not I am Roman
Catholic I'm a conservative Republican I
think what you guys do what's your
choice
damn right it's my choice stay out of my
life
okay so he starts ranting about abortion
the students did not schedule a meeting
to discuss abortion they scheduled a
meeting to discuss birth control and
comprehensive sex education but once he
realized what they wanted to talk to him
about he had no interest he doesn't care
what his constituents think or what they
have to say he immediately ran away from
that meeting ran away from those
students once he got confronted by them
in in that hallway because he doesn't
care he doesn't care by the way he's had
some outbursts like this in the past we
have a video to show you but Jake what
do you think look I might have a unique
position here I actually don't mind him
yelling I mind him not taking the
meeting and I mind him a little bit
yelling about the wrong topic so they
drove seven hours to get there they
actually are citizens that you're
supposed to be representing but you
don't have to agree with them so they
can come in and they could say hey
listen what we think there should be
comprehensive sex education because it
shows that that if you take away sex
education actually teen pregnancy goes
up and so do abortions for example you
could say more abortions I guess if
you're against comprehensive sex
education you factually you are for more
abortions so anyway you but you
screaming yell any way you like but but
at least hear them out instead of
banning them from your office and saying
you're gonna call security on your own
citizens right and then and then try to
keep to the topic so if you don't like
that or you think birth control is
terrible and you disagree with ninety
nine percent of women who take it okay
all right yell to him ah you people are
bad people for taking birth control you
should have a million babies and I'm
gonna make you because I'm your
legislator oh oh that not only would he
like to force people to have the babies
he also proposed legislation that would
charge women with first-degree murder if
they carry out an abortion obviously
that didn't go anywhere but it gives you
a sense of what kind of right-wing
zealot he really is oh so that's you
know a lot of people make the argument
if you're pro-life it doesn't make any
sense for you to be for the death
penalty now they get around like as they
say that's guilty and the person here is
innocent but this guy closes the loop on
it I'm so pro life that I will charge
you with murder and give you the death
penalty and kill you if you do an
abortion okay great that's wonderful
logic and as I tell you every time read
the Bible and the Bible in numbers it
explains that God is pro-abortion I
didn't write it you think God wrote it
take it up with him
he says if you think your wife cheated
on you go to a local su ser or whatever
fortune-teller or whatever that was back
then and and have her give a have that
person give her a toxic potion and if
she miscarries good that means the bitch
cheated on you and we and we killed that
fetus and we're done with it
if she didn't cheat on you then she
won't have a miscarriage I didn't write
it
God wrote it read your own Bible God is
pro-abortion so go scream at him by the
way I wanted to end this story with a
video of the state senator getting
approached by a constituent I guess the
constituent had said something to him
that he didn't like and he had a bit of
a meltdown
take a look I'm tired of people like you
walking up and putting out this nonsense
that's what it is
this guy says I'm not doing my job okay
lecturing me on the contracts you go
ahead and don't you take a hike let's
move along April yeah go ahead don't go
for me cuz you did yeah you're a liberal
nut go straight to hell you son
why it's not okay
I you know your representatives doing a
good job when he calls you a Lib nut
tard okay it's very classy and I would
venture to say that perhaps this good
senator from Idaho is going to Hell
himself he's against abortion when God
is for abortion he should read the Bible
so and by the way he might now if he
finds out that God is in favor of
abortion if he actually reads his own
Bible he might find out that he has to
give God the death penalty hmm now how's
that for irony if you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
