so I want you guys to get involved in
all the different groups that we talked
about on the show of course I talked a
lot about Wolfpack that's the group to
get money out of politics that's to get
a constitutional amendment and you'll
hear me say wolf dash pack.com and a lot
of stories and but I want you to be more
involved than just that so if you're
part of Wolf Pack and you're out there
and either knocking on doors or even
making calls or go to state houses I
want you to start taking videos of
yourself look we you don't need
professional cameras we all have cell
phones just use this okay and we started
doing it we had a retreat for all the
Wolfpack leaders and we decided hey you
know what if we're gonna tell all the
volunteers at Wolfpack to start making
videos about their fight maybe we'll
make put them into a movie one day I
don't know I don't know let's lead by
example and and do one ourselves so we
did one I think you're gonna like it
I'm gonna show to you in a second but I
want you to know that if you can do your
own go to send them to community at wolf
dash pack.com okay and on Twitter you
can use the hashtag be the wolf okay but
once you make the videos on your phone
send them to community at wolf dash
pack.com and we'll have the link down
below on youtube and in the comment
section on Facebook all right so here's
the first ever be the wolf video we did
it with the wolf pack leaders when we
were all together hey guys this is our
first wolf pack video that's informal
and we're team wolf and we're being the
wolf we're doing a lot of things okay
this is are a lot of our crew here hey
what what jaws in the background okay
okay as Arianna and I'm now going to try
to flip this let's see if I'm successful
no of course not because I don't know
what I'm doing
no all right so I'm gonna walk around
okay so this is the whole Wolfpack team
this is leadership so you're even Jones
here but she's not because one drone
strike will not take us out
you'll never get Joan she's in a bunker
okay you'll never get her that's right
she's she's our Kiefer Sutherland okay
hey she's the survivor okay and here's
more of the guys and gals okay hey
everybody all right real quick go
through nicknames aces well that was
Josh's aces John closer okay I don't
know if I'm taping this right and you're
in the dark anyway hold on I'm not good
at taping all right Alexis did we come
up with one yet the agent that's right
Ariana do we have one for you the
general that's a badass that's a really
good one and Richard you're just wolf
pack wolf packs apple wolf pack sample I
like how you took the whole group Bryan
has arguably though might may be as cool
as anyone with the best one the mechanic
okay Eric you got one enough Silver Fox
coming at you
Silver Fox okay Jagger the jaggernots
good jag was a dagger
and Mike I found out I didn't even know
Mike's our leader I didn't know you were
IPA there it is look at that look at
this handle on that okay it's whoop up
session IPA that's perfect forum and
also used to get intoxicated all right
and and and Joan and we have a big new
for you yet what's that I'm here you're
here you know what maybe we'll call our
bunker Joan because you'll never get her
you'll never get her all right well
we're coming up with great ideas need
you to make some of these you are
whatever you're doing with Wolf Pack
that's right and one of the reasons
we're doing this video is to tell you if
you're fighting for a Wolf Pack wherever
you are make a video about it okay and
let us know and I'll try to put it on
the shows that I do young turks rebel
headquarters etc and so yeah mmunity
community at wolf dash pack.com any
video community at so that's an email
community at wolf dash pack.com so if
you're on the road and you're talking to
a you're going to the State House you're
talking to legislators you're rallying
people make a video
let's feature it and because what I want
is I want people to know who's behind
this movement it's real people there's
no lobbyists we're all regular dudes the
reason Brian's call the mechanic is
because he was a mechanic
okay so Richards a cook at IHOP we just
had him on the show the other day Josh
worked in construction okay oh yeah
grant oh it makes sense a mountain man
is hiding in the back
okay you if if you've seen the mountain
man it's already too late
come join us man we're having fun and
we're getting our democracy back all
right I hope to see you in one of these
videos next so true to my word here's a
video that I'm featuring on one of our
shows so but I want to feature you guys
so I there's so many heroic stories that
I've heard from wolfpack you know and
and the other organizations that I've
been a part of the one that sticks out
for me that and there's so many but was
one of our volunteers in New York had
gotten a broken back and she was in the
hospital and she grambler the phone at
the hospital and kept making calls
I wish we had video of that so if you
guys are out there and you were out
there in the the snow this sunshine in
the rain it doesn't matter you're there
by yourself you're there with friends
make your video send it in the Wolfpack
they'll send it to us and we'll begin to
feature some of these and even if it's
not on the show it'll be featured on
their Facebook page and and you can send
it to loved ones as well so hashtag be
the wolf community at wolf dash pack.com
and i hope to see you guys in a wolf
pack video soon and I hope you're better
at it than I am and know how to hold the
phone so that you don't get the thing
typical jank it's it's not only I've
been doing an Internet show longer than
anyone in the world
anyways do better videos than me
