if employers are refusing to pay their
employees the wage that they have earned
they're supposed to have some sort of
process to go through in order to recoup
their back wages you know some sort of
legal way of doing it some sort of
government entity who has it's hurt his
or her back but a nine-month
investigation by Politico found that
there are several states in the US and
the federal government that have failed
to help employees recoup the money that
they have earned and deserve so what
this investigation found was that six
states have no investigators to handle
minimum wage violations while 26
additional states have fewer than 10
investigators now keep in mind that
there is the federal government okay the
Department of Labor that can get
involved and help you if you've been
screwed over by your employer however
the first line of defense is the state
there's supposed to be an organizational
organization in every state that helps
investigate these matters and if you
have been wronged they're supposed to
help you get that money back now
oftentimes that is not the way things
work out an estimated fifteen billion
dollars in desperately needed income for
workers with lowest wages goes instead
into the pockets of shady bosses so what
often happens is it'll never get
investigated at all because some states
mainly southern states refuse to hire
the employees necessary to investigate
these cases and in other states where
they do have the team of people
necessary to do these investigations
they don't follow through to ensure that
these employers do actually pay their
employees back in some cases the
companies will just rebrand themselves
go under a completely different name and
then there's no way of enforcing these
laws and making sure that they pay their
employees back fully 41 percent of the
wages that employers are ordered to pay
back to their workers aren't recovered
according to a political survey of 15
states by the way all states that have
no minimum wage investigators are in the
south and in 1/7 Florida former Governor
Jeb Bush eliminated the State Department
of Labor
over a period of years in the early
2000s can I just explain to people why
why would you use state money to
investigate your own donors corporations
fund the Republican Party the Republican
Party is dominant in those southern
states they're like you didn't give me
to working at minimum wage were you did
you send your lobbyist to me to give me
gifts
did you give me campaign donations did
you give me dark money no your employer
did so of course I represent them and
not you I'm gonna let him rob you blind
look on a national scale the Republicans
invented a scandal about the IRS now at
the end of the day when they did an
investigation they found out the IRS
actually investigated liberal groups
slightly more than conservative groups
but by that time they'd gotten all this
press attention and no no one even
remembers that the final conclusion was
that they were actually targeted
liberals more than conservatives if you
mentioned the so-called IRS scandal now
everybody like oh yeah the IRS targeting
concerns so why do they do that why did
the Republicans invent that fake scandal
because their donors are the ones that
don't pay their taxes the most so they
don't want them investigated so they
want to neuter the IRS they want to make
sure they have as little money as
possible so that their donors can cheat
on their taxes in this case they're
allowing the the corporations to cheat
in not paying you well if you have a
system based on private financing of
elections of course they're gonna work
for private interests what did you
expect but it's actually a lot worse
than that
because some of these companies are not
massive corporations with big names that
we all know of in fact those
corporations the ones that typically are
the big donors for the Republican Party
have a lot more to lose if they are
screwing over their employees right
that's when the federal government might
get involved and they typically are not
the the corporation's who do this type
of shady dealing with their employees
it's usually the small bean companies
that you know get away with it because
they can easily rebrand themselves you
know dissolve their company or
corporation and then create a new one
under a different
and then it becomes impossible to
enforce you know whatever ruling has
been made in wage cases but and I'm also
a mindset right so it's impossible to
enforce if you don't want to enforce no
that's where I was getting to Jake
that's where I was getting to my point
is it's even worse than what you thought
because the Republican lawmakers in
these states don't care they don't care
they don't care about your minimum wage
they don't care that you've been screwed
over by your employers they don't want
to use the resources necessary to hire
the investigators and do the
investigations to get you the money that
you earned it's worse it's worse than
you know the corporation's paying off
the politicians it's basically
politicians saying no I'm not gonna use
taxpayer money to help actual taxpayers
get their money back because look at
what we're saying winds up at the same
result which is they've been trained
over all these years to only care about
the donors so they've forgotten that
they're supposed to represent you
they're supposed to be they're literally
called your representatives and they
couldn't care less about you and when
Republicans look and again corporate
Democrats do this too they don't do it
at the scale the Republicans they don't
do it nearly as successfully as the
Republicans but when they take money
they also serve their masters okay but
when the Republicans were now become so
corrupted turn around and pretend
they're for the average guy we know the
facts we do the news every day we
deliver the news to you every day this
is a giant investigation by political
looking at all these different things
they didn't make it up they immaculately
looked to see who was actually getting
paid their wages these and the people on
the other end they're not bums what are
the Republicans love to say about the
average guy bombs they won't work
we just throw bootstraps at it why don't
they just pick themselves up right these
are people who are working by definition
working their asses off and they get
minimum wage and then their employer
screws them and it covers says me help
you no no I I'm not here to help you I'm
here to help my donors they've
completely forgotten that they're
supposed to serve these are employees
who work in the restaurant industry they
work in landscape
they work for cleaning companies these
are the people in the country these are
the working poor who are already getting
screwed by a system that's rigged
against them and then you have several
states in the u.s. that don't even want
to hire the investigators necessary to
protect them I mean we see what's
happening with the consumer protection
financial Bureau right the federal
government doesn't care for that they
don't want anyone to protect the actual
consumers why would they and on a state
level it gets even worse so let's take a
look at the states
two states Kansas in Iowa put a monetary
ceiling on wage theft cases they'll
pursue as a matter of policy these
states declined to pursue enforcement
actions if the amount involved is too
high in Kansas the ceiling is $10,000 in
Iowa $5,000
why why would you put a ceiling there so
if someone got screwed over by their
employer to the tune of $25,000 you're
just not gonna investigate that case by
policy so if you got screwed over worse
so we're gonna make sure we definitely
don't help you okay Georgia Louisiana
Alabama South Carolina Tennessee and
Mississippi all have Labor agencies but
workers can't file minimum wage or
overtime claims with them meaning that
they will not investigate issues
involving wage theft because they
represent the robbers you know you look
we're for you know what regulators are
in this case they're the cops they're
making sure that they literally the
other guys don't steal from you it's
stealing from you just as much as if
picking your pocket if they don't pay
you $1,000 that you earned in minimum
wage or overtime it's like they came to
your house and took $1,000 out of your
drawer but there are no cops to help you
because the Republicans fired all the
cops because they represent the robbers
and I say Republicans because these are
all Republican run states if you think
they're for the average guy you ought to
have your head examined
finally if you go to state lawmakers and
they don't help you out with this of
course you can go to the federal
government and hopefully they can help
out now that is a long and difficult
process there's no guarantee that the
federal government will even look into
your case but if they do look into your
case and best-case scenario they rule in
your favor
they can only recoup what the
federal minimum wage is so if you are in
a state where the federal minute of
where the minimum wage is higher than
the federal minimum wage of $7.25 you're
still gonna lose a ton of money because
they can only get you back $7.25 per
hour that you worked and that is if you
had a federal government who gave a damn
about you that's right
and and right now you don't if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole younger
so every day
