the media has been speaking to multiple
victims and their parents following the
mass shooting that took place in
parkland Florida and some of those
interviews some of those appearances are
incredibly difficult to watch but it's
important to hear their stories and
their perspectives for the first time I
feel as though people who have
experienced this type of carnage are
angry at the fact that the only thing
that they've been offered by people like
Donald Trump is prayer or condolences
they really want more and one of the
interviews that I saw that really that I
found compelling was that of Laurie
alder death uh her death and she
tragically lost her daughter in this
shooting 14 year old ELISA and she went
on CNN to essentially demand that Trump
do something about this let's take a
look
President Trump you say what can you do
you can stop the guns from getting into
these children's hands but Meryl
detectors every entrance to the schools
what can you do you can do a lot this is
not fair to our families our children go
to school
I just spent the last two hours putting
the burial arrangements for my
daughter's funeral who's 14 president
Trump please do something it's a
difficult video to watch we didn't even
show you the the full interview and I
feel her anger I mean III not to the
same extent as she did I didn't lose a
daughter
but I I respect the fact that she is
aggressively calling for action because
that's what we desperately need well so
a couple of things here I mean and we'll
have the full link to the full video
below CNN do a good job of getting that
interview and their anchor there was
broken up about it too and I think
rightfully so I got kids it's hard not
to tear up as you watch her she talks
about how she saw her daughter shot
through the heart the head in the hand I
think that that little explosion there
on air is what the whole country is
feeling now are you telling us there's
nothing we can do we just have to sit
there and take it and watch our 14 year
old kids be murdered in front of us and
you tell me there's nothing I could do
and she was desperate to find any
solution I don't know is it metal
detectors the schools what is it
something right and in the realities we
know what the answer is and and we know
what that the politicians will not act
and so it's a certainty I mean we had
the worst mass shooting in recent
history in Las Vegas 58 killed hundreds
upon hundreds wounded we had school
children massacred in Newtown we didn't
know anything we had a congresswoman
Gabby Giffords shot in the head we
didn't do anything we had a Republican
get shot we didn't do anything a
Republican politician I mean we had a
Republican politician get shot and then
he himself said he doesn't want gun
control I mean that NRA money is
powerful it really is so this is what
corruption looks like and that is and
that's the ring
that it that it leads to and so as a
country I feel like we're getting to a
point are you telling me we can't solve
any of our problems no matter how much
we all agree on on the dreamers over 80%
of Americans agree that they should stay
and have a pathway to citizenship nope
you can't get it on guns 93% of
Americans want a federal background
check including overwhelming majority of
NRA members no we can't get it because
then I represents gun manufacturers and
they make more money when your kids die
because right now everybody in a panic
is buying more guns so that woman right
there that mom right there represents us
all you're telling us there's nothing we
can do about any of these things I mean
I can name you a dozen proposals that
have over 80% approval in the country
and none of them can get passed because
the politicians get bribed to do the
opposite it's maddening that's what
happens when we don't run our own
country we've lost our democracy and all
we have left is rage
I think that's after the rider that was
so hard to watch for me because like I
said in the last hour
I grew up 20 minutes from Parkland
parkland is such a peaceful place just
like the town I grew up in and to know
that this town will never be the same
Stoneman Douglas High School will never
be the same the trauma of those kids in
that school building those kids will
never be the same and there's people who
are gonna watch this video and they're
gonna say that we're put we're getting
political and there the answer the
question is you were right we're getting
political because our politicians have a
solemn obligation to protect us they are
supposed to Public Safety is one of the
number-one jobs of government and what
we have here is a case of willful
negligence on behalf of Republicans in
Congress and Republican state
legislators and it is time for this
negligence to end and we've gotten
something this is no mother should have
to bury her 14-year old child because
because we could have fixed this problem
we could have banned ar-15s a long time
ago we could abandon after Sandy Hook we
could abandon after Las Vegas we could
abandon after Columbine but over and
over again as you said Anna the NRA is
money and their ability to
score votes is so powerful that
Republicans quiver and and I the one
moment that from this whole thing that
caught my eye was that press conference
that night that the governor gave when
he was asked the question about the
ar-15s and he just looked like a deer in
headlights like can I cross the NRA can
I not cross the NRA until the sheriff
got up and said listen this sheriff here
who runs this county is it's pretty
clear to me if you are mentally ill
you're getting treated for mental
illness you shouldn't be near guns you
should be able to purchase a gun those
two things don't mix that's what sheriff
Israel said and it couldn't be more
right and the fact that common-sense
cannot prevail because a political lobby
has so much power it's beyond me I
actually want to make one more point
about this that I'm not seeing anywhere
and it's driving me crazy
during the campaign during Trump's
campaign one thing that he said that did
cause quite a stir
even among conservatives that he thought
women who get abortions should be
punished because he believed that these
women are killing babies right those
women should be punished but he doesn't
have the same type of you know rhetoric
when it comes to individuals and their
guns right so women who who carry out
abortions should be punished but we
shouldn't do anything about the gun laws
that allow for 19 year olds like the
shooter in this case to purchase
something like an ar-15 I mean it's
insane it's insane
so is that double standard should anger
everyone I don't care what your
political ideology is we know what the
numbers are when it comes to you know
approval for certain types of gun
legislation and they don't represent us
these politicians don't represent us
they represent the NRA they represent
the gun manufacturers we have such a
deeply corrupt system and it's pathetic
I mean the question answers of is where
are these words the pro-life agenda now
where are they talking about we care
about life we care about the life of
these high schoolers we care about the
life of those kindergarteners at Sandy
Hook they are eerily silent yes but when
it comes to the life of an unborn baby
like oh no we've got to protect when it
comes to women's ears oh no we've got to
protect it but when it comes to being
pro-life for high school students who
want nothing more than to learn
geography I think there's a story
about the beat mr. beagle-like the
geography teacher who opened his
classroom door to saves children and the
process of opening his classroom door
lost his life let where's his pro life
where's his ax building his life I don't
say any pro lifers protesting from the
NRA building you're there to hound women
in the most difficult situation of their
lives but the people who actually pay
our politicians to allow these murders
to happen non-stop yet somehow you can't
figure out how to protest that I'm gonna
show that let's go to the mother one
more time here video 7 Baron goes to
school let's protect Baron and let's not
let's also protect all these other kids
here in parkland in Florida and everyone
everywhere else in the United States of
America because we earned it just like
how you earn the right to protect Baron
you need to help us now that's the
problem the elites are fine barons fine
thank God he's got a lot of protection
and so they think it's not gonna happen
to us and so Rick Scott in that moment
that Richard described cares more about
the NRA than he does about your kids he
cares more about his political career
than all those 14 year olds murdered in
his state so the elites think it's not
my problem it's your problem and I still
keep getting the checks
that's the sorry-sorry state we're in so
well we share that mother's rage you
just watch the video by the young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
