you know some people claim to be fair
and balanced but we actually try to be
balanced here and we don't even claim it
we just just try to do it we have a
channel on YouTube a whole channel
devoted justly Yonkers most view channel
today on YouTube no really
congratulations Ben Mac what's your
ribbon this is the point if it's a still
picture if you if you see like a story
in it yeah it's crazy nothing's moved
but you can see a whole scene and I do
you love the Justin Timberlake he's okay
do you find him breathtakingly hot no
God can you believe that this was coming
out at Princeton before it's destroyed
we should put it in the Library of
Congress so people can see for the ages
that their result is racism
Lonnie Latham he's a senior pastor at
the south Tulsa Baptist Church now I'm
guessing he was involved in some sort of
illicit behavior there are some
exceptions where you do s apostrophe s
so I don't know how it works and it may
be perfectly reasonable I guess I would
have done the possibly s comedian Jimmy
doors with us the left of the right are
crazy I'm in the middle let me tell you
something nothing great was ever
achieved by a guy trying to reach
consensus if the Trump is our president
your fault no it's Hillary Clinton's
fault because if she needs my vote she
has to come get it I want to talk about
a professor and she was recently fired
because of something that she does
during her off time she participates in
a burlesque show in a little less than
two months fans of UT Athletics will
have a whole new way to watch their
favorite teams
when UT and ESPN launched their 24 hour
a day long horn Network we don't know
what the apocalypse is gonna be but if
you could choose an apocalypse
what would your apocalypse be everybody
thinks they want a zombie apocalypse I
think that is the worst idea possible
after watching The Walking Dead we're
out here in UCLA today and we're gonna
be talking to the students about the
undie run - it's gonna be going on
tonight join me in welcoming our new
assistant producer Hannah Kristen
sometimes girls are dissuaded to being
more opinionated and being watts
bookends I'm pretty proud that I am
upholding that quality welcome to think
tank I know what you're thinking right
now this is T Y to you and you are half
right it is do it to you but it's too
much you all grown up it's been brought
to their attention clearly this is a
very popular controversial website go
through and identify legally what
they're bound to do
got comedian grace Baldridge here then
when you come back down you notice like
the crotch harness and you're like oh
welcome to murder with friends the show
where two friends get together and talk
about some of the darker sides to
history the concept is called energy
harvesting and it's nothing new it's a
lot like wind or water
powering electric generators which has
been happening for a long time welcome
to the first ever what the flick we're
your hosts jankier of The Young Turks
Ben mankiewicz of Turner Classic Movies
and Matt actually of Rotten Tomatoes the
entire script is a bunch of pop-culture
references or whatever and they're just
selling it so hard it's funny it's
subversive in a lot of ways as far as
the sort of genre goes it's smart it's
good I like this welcome to the NFL
preview for TYC sports is our first
videos I feel very excited it's the
inaugural version of the channel we've
come up with the top eight hairstyles in
NBA history I'd say the best part is
probably the fangs on the bottom of his
chin to make him that much more
astounding a rebounder Francis Maxwell
is our World Cup expert I think the
Brazil could go all the way they've got
a great chance of winning this
competition my name is Emma and I am
going to be the TYT politics intern for
the summer so this is my first video
blog I hope I don't really screw it up
all top 20 recipients of corporate PAC
money are from states that have less
than the mean population of the country
after the attempt by the Senate to shut
down Elizabeth Warren our correspondent
in DC Brian grim was able to link up
with her so is there any hope that that
you know peace through strength kind of
cliche could actually lead to a more
peaceful outcome or is it just wishful
thinking I think the people the
Democratic Party are brainwashed by the
concept that this is the way you do
things it is my responsibility and the
responsibility of any journalist to
legitimately honestly report and assess
the problems that we have no we're not
gonna be afraid of what we're doing
we're not going to be embarrassed about
what we're doing we're not going to be
reticent about doing it we're just gonna
do it who we are is who we aspire to be
you can pay attention and do the work
we might just build a more perfect union
