you are actually the longest-running
daily stream on the planet later tonight
we've done a revolution yes another one
I asked weave of the Senate to continue
my remarks
answer the question
no one is above the law and that
includes the President of the United
States of America go engage fire
Congrats to the Young Turks they
actually want to stream the award
tonight we'd like to thank Donald Trump
obviously we just crossed seven point
six billion views revolution won't be
televised hello Internet I am the least
anti-semitic person that you've ever
seen
I think there's blame on both sides all
these politicians - worse they had the
beautiful soft towers it's just so wrong
they took your wealth and redistribute
it to them
the government's robbing you and they're
distracting you with fucking nonsense
fake dues the enemy of the people nobody
knew that health care could be so
complicated
I can't speak as dumb as he understands
the market will be destroyed by this
plan and 45 million people will be left
without insurance they will be met with
fire and fury we're just going chicken
and whistles MSNBC shows the bomb is
taking off and Al Jazeera shows you when
they land the profiling and the Muslim
bands have begun today my father and
brother await deportation for rific
active violence
in Charlottesville I want you to see
what hate looks like in America
what a sick country we live in
it's time to get up and fight back giant
protests against Donald Trump women's
marches take over more than 500 cities
across the United States immigrants
throughout the United States do protest
I don't think they're peasants I
actually think that they enrich this
country with their culture I don't want
a resistance I want a revolution history
is not on your side your fundamental
principle is we work together as a
community and we stand up for each other
a total solar eclipse oh my god
climate change is my number one issue
and to be able to help amplify message
and research of these workers is like a
dream come true
: Catholic chose to sit during the
national anthem to protest police
violence against African Americans this
has sparked a new movement more and more
women are sharing their stories of
sexual assault it's happening right in
front of our eyes as the cultural shift
that we have to speak of ourselves and
we have to be movement I found to see it
unfolding in real time as women stand up
together collectively and go no more so
many women came out of that woman's
March and said I'm running for office
you want to talk about the revolution
here it is gonna be awesome
ey e 2x e dy t weiqi Young Turks you do
have the power to change people you do I
hope one day you can all learn to live
together in decent way and
not led oftentimes the media and corrupt
establish system Paris apart
