it's 50 years anniversary this week of
the Memphis sanitation strike and that
was what Martin Luther King was doing in
Memphis he was going down to stand up
for those sanitation workers and when he
got killed and so Reverend William
barber and Reverend Liz at the Harris
they are the co-chairs of the Poor
People's Campaign and that's a national
call for moral revival now Barbara he's
the president of the North Carolina
n-double-a-cp and Theo Harris is the
co-director of the Kairos Center for
religious rights and social justice and
they wrote an article for CNN that
commemorates this is Martin Luther
King's Poor People's Campaign so right
there there's dr. Martin Luther King EDA
plays the poster to be used during his
Poor People's Campaign March 4th 1968
one month before he was shot to death by
a sniper so let's remember that you know
Martin Luther King wasn't just for civil
rights but he was also for economic
rights and he was anti-war and when he
went against the war is when he really
got in trouble that's that's what I
think they allowed that allowed him to
be killed because before then he wasn't
so they wrote this article in CNN for
CNN and and I just want to go through
some of it with you right now because I
think it's interesting 50 years ago
today hundreds of black sanitation
workers in Memphis walked off their jobs
after two of their brothers were crushed
to death by their trucks faulty
compactor for more than 60 days the
striking workers made daily marches from
the local church to city hall wearing
signs that declared I am a man I've seen
I've seen those pictures of those guys
do with that their demands were simple
they wanted a wage they could live on
the recognition of their union and the
basic dignity and respect all of us
should be afforded as children of God
and their struggle became an anchor of
their original Poor People's Campaign
across racial fusion movement led by dr.
Martin Luther King jr. and others aimed
at ending the triple evils of poverty
racism and militarism dr. King saw the
worker struggle for a living wage and a
union
as central to this effort and spoke of
the cause in his final public speech in
Memphis the day before an assassin's
bullet stole him from us on April 4th
1968 as leaders of the effort to carry
on the unfinished work of the Poor
People's Campaign we view the fight for
unions and living wages as central to
our campaign as well that is why the
Poor People's Campaign a national call
for a moral revival is joining thousands
of fast-food workers today as they march
in Memphis following in the footsteps of
the sanitation workers who went on a
strike 50 years ago and carrying their
work forward five decades after our
country declared a war on poverty it now
fights a war against the poor today 64
million Americans are paid less than $15
an hour including roughly half of black
workers and almost 60% of Latino workers
that is a stunning statistic that is
stunning and what a way to put it 605
decades after we declared war on poverty
we're actually fighting a war on the
poor which is exactly so we just
increased the military budget 160
billion dollars over the next two years
and literally the same day Trump is
announcing he's gonna cut cut food
stamps that's that that's that snap that
new blue apron program they're not gonna
give you fresh fruit and vegetables
anymore and they're gonna give you all
can crap and they're going that's how
they're gonna save money so there's
literally a war on the poor that's
what's happening the systemic poverty
and racism America faces today was not
inevitable it is the result of choices
made by politicians and corporations
rather than using their power to lift
Americans out of poverty politicians and
corporations over the last 50 years have
worked hand in hand to cut wages cut
jobs and cut workers freedom to stick
together in a union and our country's
moral malady is only growing more severe
in recent years from Alabama to Missouri
white state legislators have snatched
raises away from workers fighting for
higher pay by nullifying local minimum
wage increases the Trump administration
and its enablers in Congress passed a
grossly immoral bill that gives tax
breaks to major corporations and they
plan to pay for it by shredding the
safety net that protects our most
vulnerable meanwhile companies like
McDonald's Target poor communities and
communities of color in their ads to
customers but pay the black and brown
and poor white workers behind the
counter so little they can't afford to
feed themselves more than half workers
at a billion dollar companies like
McDonald's need public assistance
isn't that unbelievable so I was on Joe
Rogan's podcast yesterday and which was
great and Joe broke and I thankful to
have him on but we've talked about
unions and he tells that story about oh
you know in the auto industry they used
to have a guy that they just have an
eight-hour job done by two people so
every other day one of the guys wouldn't
work but they would still be paid and
logged in and they'd make $100,000 a
year and so that's this excess of
somehow the unions have and I'm like
yeah but those jobs are gone I don't
know what you're talking about those
jobs don't exist anymore they went to
Mexico they effed over the workers the
workers are effed over those that isn't
happening anymore so this idea that
people still have of workers which is
it's it's it's it's just ubiquitous nice
idea that somehow unions are there to
protect workers that want to be lazy
even that box recently that one of their
writers said that's one of the freakin
journalists at once said that in a tweet
that he doesn't want a union because of
the most a lot of writers that want to
use it as an excuse to be lazy like this
idea what's happening right now is
workers are working their ass off and
they're not sharing in the profits
that's been happening not happening
since 1980 okay I mean jack has shown
that graph multiple times were from 1980
there's a if you said the graph of
worker productivity is going straight up
it's going up to the right and and up
and workers wages of just flatlined so
that gap between productivity and
workers wages is although office
generated that's going really to the yet
0.1 percent yeah it's one half percent
so if you're against unions I think your
your your what you're really against us
a caricature
the idea of what unions do yeah look
unions did engage in excesses right I
mean we see it even today with the
police unions you know Brian just
protect like the worst of the bunch yeah
I'm up and they're missed so yes do
unions have issues of course a to every
organization does doesn't mean that you
have to destroy them and destroy every
single worker but nothing the pendulum
has swung so far the other way where
workers have so few rights and
management and corporations have all the
rights all the privileges and you know
Reverend barber is someone that I deeply
admire yes he is look like I said many
times I'm not a Christian I don't
believe in any kind of religion but he
is someone that adheres to the
principles of Christianity he's obsessed
with helping the poor people the
regardless of the color and he's
absolutely right that for the past 50
years every institution in our society
from government to corporation and
everything else has worked to benefit
the tiny few who control all the wealth
and power and we've criminalized being
poor you know yes everything from I mean
demonized and criminalized yeah so
things like you know slashing taxes and
trying to recoup the revenue of
government revenue by increasing fines
and speeding tickets and you know fees
for access to parks those are all
regressive policies that really hurt the
poor the poorest of the pet
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
