on the evening of October 1st a gunman
positioned in a room at the Mandalay Bay
Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas started
firing semi-automatic weapons from his
hotel or window down into a crowd below
that had gathered for a music festival
the videos from the tragedy shocked the
nation as thousands of terrified people
ran for their lives in between rounds of
gunfire in the end the shooter 64 year
old Steven paddock killed 58 people and
injured more than 500 but there's a lot
more to the story that the media simply
doesn't grab most of the time including
the failures of the security staff at
the hotel where paddock was located the
concert promoters and the host of others
and that's why lawsuits are being filed
by the victims of this tragedy Peter
again you know to me what I'm always
amazed at is sometimes how reporters are
in the midst of their hearing the facts
but they don't understand how the facts
come together why is it that that there
may be multiple parties involved that
are all you know to some degree
responsible for what happened here I
mean something is basic is these people
being shot at and not being able to have
any kind of escape route some of them
were pinned in between fences and the
the shooters on the 32 30 second floor
and they're simply sitting there yeah
they could not get out what is your
taste what is your take on this well the
lawsuits have been filed I think this is
one of the biggest filings to date at
least in the last few months that there
have been about 400 of these these cases
getting filed against both the hotel for
the lack of security the the lack of
proper training of the employees and
then also the concert promoters because
the ingress and egress people couldn't
get out and they had metal barricades
kind of blocking them in let's just talk
about the employees of the hotel
okay first of all I mean the story we
have heard is well he had a Do Not
Disturb sign on his on his door for
seven days he was using the service
elevator well here's what happens in a
setting like that then again this is not
some has talked about it's almost like
the some of these reporters are living
in a different world but what ends up
happening is a guy like paddock
shows up he's a high roller in Vegas
right shows up he starts spreading money
around okay the people who take care of
his room he spreads money around
everybody gets money they get chips
that's how this guy is able to do things
like use service elevators that's why he
was regarded as such a you know
congenial nice guy before all this
started because money is spread around
you know you and I do a program we do a
program twice year we have for 18 years
out in Vegas either at Wynn Hotel or
Bellagio we see it firsthand money talks
out there and so these employees get
sucked into that what's your take well
why in the world would allow a guest to
use the service elevator there's
absolutely no reason to use the service
elevator and to let it guest use it and
then carrying large bags so that should
have been a red flag a couple of issues
like that I mean seven days with the Do
Not Disturb sign one thing that's
bothering me about this is when he
knocks out the windows you know when he
tries to get access to shoot out with
these scope rifles on people that are
locked in like gold fish in a barrel
essentially I wonder what happened and I
haven't heard this in the president I
wonder what happened when the window got
knocked out or cut out so he had access
was their alarm that went off did
somebody did somebody get notified right
away what took him so long to get up
there you know it's you know he had
barricaded the door there's a lot of
things out here go let's let's
micromanage it a little bit more the
things that he did he barricaded a door
right he had time to set up cameras out
in the hallway this does it's not
something you do just an hour before the
event like in the room service though he
had those carts parked outside with
cameras to see down the hall when people
were coming there was a whole series of
events like yeah so you're right he had
those set up there's a sight I
interesting there's a sight it's called
October 1 dot law October 1 dot law a
lot of information is out on that site
that kind of leads you to believe that
these lawsuits are pretty strong yeah I
mean you know when you first heard it
the you know of course the the defense
of it all is just one crazy man well
yeah he was a crazy man
but when you're in the business of
dealing with people and you go through
the same routine every day and you're in
that kind of atmosphere employees have
to be specially trained they have to
have some sense about the idea there's
been a Do Not Disturb sign on the door
for seven days some cat is using the
service elevator elevator bringing up
huge boxes is a new phenomena what's
what's the name of the school where they
had the shooter in the bell tower back
in like exactly I know this isn't
something happens every day yeah but
it's not like this is just an epiphany
it's whatever yeah exactly the point is
there if when you walk when you walk
down that main drag in in in Vegas you
realize that every one of those places
is a bell tower you realize it's just a
matter of when something like this
happens and and so right now what so 58
dead 58 families affected dead relatives
more five hundred injured you know how
many guns in how much ammo you had to
bring up without anybody noticing to get
off that many rounds to hurt that many
people you're talking about a lot of
stuff to bring into that hotel and get
upstairs with no one noticing I mean
think about how many rounds you had to
show up and that's one thing that when
security went in you heard over and over
was just how many rounds were all over
the floor the shells right and how many
guns he had up in your point being you
don't get rounds up in secret you
getting rounds up in big boxes you get
equipment these types of weapons that he
had he had to bring up boxes in the
service uh but I really when they find
when they start really deposing people
they're gonna find that this guy's
spread around chips you know that's how
that's how the world in Vegas works he
paid the people cleaning his room he
paid the people in the hallways he paid
people downstairs he paid people that
allowed him access through the through
the service elevator that's how that's
how this entire thing works you know I
got to tell you something there is a
responsibility from a legal standpoint
purely legal analysis he was an invitee
as an invitee in a place like that the
standard of due diligence that that
landowner has
huge
