in October of 2014 when the Ebola
outbreak was happening worldwide and I
believe 11 people in the United States
contracted it and two died in October
2014 Donald Trump tweeted out more than
50 times in that month that this whole
thing was a massive failure by the Obama
administration and we should all be
blaming President Obama for Ebola well
here's the thing now Donald Trump is
President Ebola might not be the
greatest threat to American citizens but
you know what's one of the biggest
threats right now the flu 4,000 American
citizens are dying every single week
from complications due to catching the
flu some of them are dying because they
simply can't afford to go to the doctor
and get flu medicine some of them are
dying because they don't have any health
insurance at all and couldn't go to the
doctor even if they had it and Donald
Trump has been completely silent about
this massive public health crisis that
the United States is currently facing
4,000 people a week that is more people
that die every week from certain forms
of cancer and yet Donald Trump isn't
even talking about it he is pretending
that it doesn't exist yet he blamed
Obama for Ebola and two people died this
is a public health crisis and once again
it shows that Donald Trump is not
prepared to be a real leader for the
United States certainly not the leader
that we need we need somebody who looks
at these numbers says that 4,000 of my
countrymen are dying every week because
of a virus shouldn't we be doing
something shouldn't the CDC be doing
something shouldn't we be making the
medicine more readily available
shouldn't I be talking with
pharmaceutical companies about ramping
up production and lowering costs maybe
just I don't know maybe let the
government come in understand that it's
a public health crisis and say all right
you're gonna lower the cost of this
medication and in return we're gonna
give you ten billion dollars you know
what that's a lot of money from the
government but if it helps save 4,000
people a week who couldn't afford
medicine or for whatever reason they're
dying I think that would be worth it I
think that would be an expense that I'm
okay with the government making even if
it goes to the greedy pharma
corporations they're the ones who hold
the keys to preventing tragedies like
this the government is sitting there not
understanding how to react because
Donald Trump is too stupid to be a true
leader and we're left with 4,000 new
graves new coffins every single week
just from the flu the fault of this the
failure of the government to act on it
lies at the feet of Donald Trump and
that is why he's being completely silent
about it he can't blame Obama for this
one he can't blame Hillary Clinton's
emails he can't say that somebody else
screwed up he knows that he's the one
who did it and that's why he's not
saying a word thanks for watching and if
you like what you see here on Ring of
Fire we encourage you to subscribe to
our Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
