our very own emmav Egeland went to yet
another Trump rally and she wanted to
ask the Trump supporters what they think
about this hole that Brett Kavanaugh
case do they believe the accusations
could there possibly be some credibility
to the accusations and without giving
too much away let's take a look at the
first video and see what they had to say
Brett Kavanaugh what do you think of the
allegations of this accuser false I
think he is a good guy
and I don't think it's he said she said
and I believe him so what about the
accusations against Bill Clinton because
there have been numerous just like
Kavanagh he's guilty he's guilty then
there's proof that he's guilty so why is
you know what's the proof versus
Kavanagh we got that blue dress and then
we have wanita Broderick and she had
proof that it was him so there's the
proof but you know Monica Lewinsky
maintains it was consensual even though
she was kind of coerced into it well she
could say what she wants if you get paid
enough he'll say anything that I did not
have sexual relationship with that woman
he lied under oath as the sitting
president not happening it should not
have happened so I'm just drawing the
comparison because obviously there have
been multiple accusations against
Kavanagh as well what do you think is
different about those I think personally
because he's on the Republican side and
is a witch-hunt they're amazing they are
amazing so like if you asked me did bill
couldn't lie yeah of course he lied
right and so they went to look after a
real estate deal they actually would get
a witch-hunt and got into his personal
sex life for reasons that no one even
remembers anymore they were supposed to
be talking about a whitewater land deal
in Arkansas how did we get to the blue
dress from there anyway they went and
they're like dig dig dig who cares who
cares he didn't do the Arkansas thing at
the end Ken Starr said he didn't do it
who cares we got him on something else
we wanted to get him when we got him
right now okay but you did he did lie
right now because we live in the
reality-based world okay but Cavanaugh's
also appears to be lying not appears we
now know and maybe they don't know every
detail to be fair to them right what you
guys saw those testimony
is it your gut instinct is if he's a
Republican but he's telling the truth
he's our honorable man a wonderful
person did that liar he's lying about
him Bill Clinton I hate him he's a
Democrat okay the blue dress Monica
Lewinsky is one thing and it's
consensual Cavanaugh's was not
consensual giant difference right but
Juanita Broderick okay you say that was
like essential but she doesn't have a
blue dress she doesn't there was no
evidence
why do i automatically believe Juanita
Broderick but you don't believe bazi
Ford why politics period so by the way I
thought after I watched that I don't
automatically think oh there Trump
supporters I'm not gonna take them
seriously the first thing that came to
my mind was oh wait a minute maybe
there's something I missed so let me go
back and look at the Broderick
accusations and see if there was any
evidence or something that could
potentially lead to evidence and guess
what I found
no evidence now does that mean that her
accusations were 100% false no it
doesn't mean that right but there was no
evidence in fact back in 1999 1997
Juanita Broderick signed an affidavit
sworn affidavit saying that that there
was no unwanted advances from Bill
Clinton five years later I'm sorry one
year later she came out and said no no
I'm going to recant that okay but so did
he or did he not anyway my point is
there was no evidence and why don't we
compare apples to apples when it comes
to lying so Bill Clinton did lie he said
he had he did not have sexual relations
with Monica Lewinsky we know that that's
a lie and that's unacceptable so I agree
with her on that but please spare me the
crocodile tears about Oh Bill Clinton
lied and he was wrong for that you have
a president now who lies on literally a
daily basis every single day he paid off
an adult actress prior to the election
and lied about it
on multiple occasions just admit it you
don't care about the lying you just
don't care it's so please stop
ironically you're lying
you know Trump's a liar you know he's a
serial liar a pathological liar a he
said he didn't have
to this day he maintains he didn't have
sex with stormy Daniels then he just
randomly paid her one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars for a made-up story
that that he didn't do do you believe
that he by the way had said earlier that
he didn't pay her off then he said he
did pay her off so approve a lot proven
line we have the evidence
oh no Trump's a good man get the hell
out of here all you care about is
politics and so you've been brainwashed
etc and look if we try to have a
consistent standard but maybe we're
suckers you know because they don't play
by the same rules they don't care about
the rules they just don't give a damn
they're like that's my team I wear a red
hat and that stands for my team I don't
give a goddamn what Trump is done or
Cavanaugh has done or what they who they
have sexually assaulted over and over
and the millions Eliza's they ordered
like literally dozens in the case of
Trump hundreds of lies that they have
told your guy told one lie about a
consensual affair are you dirty immoral
people you stay in the office stay in
the office are you kidding me okay so we
have one more video and I do encourage
you to watch the full video and we will
link to it in the description box below
Emma does a great job at these rallies
and you should watch those videos let's
take a look at the next one even if
something did happen you know he would
have been 17 years old
he would have been a juvenile and she
was 15 she was a juvenile why are they
at a house drinking beer in the first
place I would not allow my daughters to
go out in those situations and nor my
sons another question is where was all
her family where was all her support her
husband wanting her her mother what now
her father what her or her children if I
was me at the hearing you know come on
why do you need to see her family at the
hearing how is that relevant at all to
this conversation
I mean it's pathetic but anyway I just
want to quickly address the first guy in
that video who essentially blamed dr.
Blasi Ford for being at that party in
the first place and then followed that
by saying I wouldn't let my daughter or
mice
go to a party like that I have news for
you your daughter or your son or
whatever children you have are going to
go behind your back and do things that
you are not going to want them to do and
if something bad happens to them I sure
hope that you're not going to turn
around and blame them for something
terrible that someone else has done to
them okay yeah some chances kids are at
that party while he's at the Trump house
okay really you're positive you know
where your teenage kids are at all times
I mean to turn around and blame her
parents now after all these years so let
me get this right though because I just
want to understand his logic so the guy
who attempted the rape and covered her
mouth and turn up the radio and tried to
rip her clothes off not guilty
her parents who didn't realize that she
wasn't at the pool but was that a party
or the ones that are guilty like we
should judge them but we should not
judge the guy trying to rip her clothes
off I just want to be clear because he
did say in the beginning even if he did
do it it's really it's so discouraging
to see this stuff and to also experience
people on social media just constantly
smearing the accusers before they know
the facts and but when I say smearing
smearing them as as sluts as whores I
mean you see it all over the place and
it's it's really sad it's sad to see
people turn individuals in positions of
extreme privilege into victims because
that is not what's happening here now
because it's personal and it's actually
more depressing than that because
there's real inexplicable anger in first
of all go on any social media right go
in the comments section of this video
you'll see it you'll see it in every
video we do about Kavanagh and and go on
your own social media and you'll see it
there's this visceral reaction of all
rights her fault she's a liar she's this
she's that I based on what evidence
it's not about evidence it's not about
logic it's about their feelings and
their feelings are maybe I did something
similar and I don't want you looking
into my life so I'm gonna call you a
liar and I'm gonna make this personal
so that's what I see from Lindsey Graham
that's what I see from a lot of the
comments in the social media it's not
usually
she's a lying whore whatever they said
that they say two thousand different
ways it's not usually followed up by and
let me give you the evidence and here's
my evidence against dr. Blasi Ford and
my evidence in favor count no it's just
about their feelings and their feelings
got hurt because one man might actually
be held to account for what he did to a
woman on the go don't worry we got you
covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
