as we had this shooting down in Florida
yet another school shooting yet another
massacre in America we're averaging
about a school shooting every other day
this year which is unreal it's
unbelievable and you're gonna see the
first shark chart I'm going to show you
how off the charts we are in compared to
other countries so I'm giving you
context here so let's start with this
this is mass shooters two guns in the
country so you see we have 300 million
guns in the country or nearly 300
million and we have an enormous amount
of mass shooters so we have 270 million
guns overall 90 mass shooters from 1966
to 2012 and that's just a 2012 obviously
since 2012 things have accelerated now
that we're on the upper right corner
there when you look at all other
countries there in the lower left corner
because they don't have that many guns
and hence they don't have that many mass
shooters they don't have that many guns
they don't have that many massacres so
that is a huge data point it's not the
only data point I'm going to give you a
lot more but if you're wondering if it's
the guns yes it's the guns more guns
more shootings more gun homicides more
mass shootings more massacres and we are
off the charts when you look at the rest
of the world
now don't worry we're gonna get into all
the other theories as to why this might
happen and not related to guns so here's
more context from the New York Times
Americans make up about 4.4 percent of
the global population but own 42 percent
of the world's guns that's unreal men so
we're swimming in an ocean of guns now
if it turns out it's not the guns it's
some other issue mental health etc that
it wouldn't matter Oh
in fact I'm told by the NRA and gun
rights advocates so-called gun rights
advocates that uh that more guns it'll
actually keep us safer now I already
showed you the first chart if that was
true we have more guns than anyone else
by an order of magnitude then we would
be the safest but we're not we're the
least safe we would have the least mass
shootings no we actually have the most
mass shootings
okay from 1996 to 2012 31% of the gunmen
in mass shootings worldwide were
American according to a 2015 study by
Adam Lankford a professor at the
University of Alabama now if you were to
look at this in a black and white way in
an ethnic way as a lot of the right-wing
does on other issues it would be an easy
conclusion you say well obviously
Americans are more violent than anyone
else well and especially if you don't
believe it's the guns you'll say well
who is it come on I just say it just
saying the problem is Americans
Americans are grotesquely violent
there's something intrinsically wrong
with them
now they do say that about Muslims of
course but when you say it about
Americans people how could you well the
reality is of course that's preposterous
Americans are largely like all other
human beings we're all affected by our
culture in degrees but overall yes we're
Homo sapiens it's not the fact that
we're Americans that's causing the
deaths it's the guns okay
adjusted for population only Yemen has a
higher rate of mass shootings among
countries with more than 10 million
people a distinction mr. lankford urge
to avoid outliers Yemen has the world's
second highest rate of gun ownership
after the United States now this was a
time period before Yemen was in the
middle of civil war now there's
shootings non-stop in Yemen but even
before war broke out they also had a
huge rate of mass shootings hmm
turns out the two countries that have
the most guns per capita have the two
highest rates of mass shootings I'm sure
another coincidence no it must be that
Americans by their nature are violent
and people from Yemen by their nature
are violent it's just a just to those
two countries no it's the guns stupid
it's the guns it's not that Americans
are more mentally unfit than anyone else
or that we have more people who are a
lone wolves or terrorists or anything
along those lines it's that the people
who are mentally unfit can't get a gun
anywhere because we're swimming in guns
and the same is true in Yemen okay we
must be so proud we're number two to
Yemen
per capita when you take it outside of
per-capita obviously we're overwhelming
number one America's gun homicide rate
was 33 per million people in 2009 so now
that is not just mass shootings that is
all gun homicides
okay now that far exceeds the average
among developed countries in Canada and
Britain it was five per million and
point seven per million respectively
which also corresponds with differences
in gun ownership so let's think about
that for a second so Great Britain has
severe restrictions on guns and their
gun homicides are point zero point seven
among per million people we have almost
no gun control in this country and our
gun homicide rate is 33 million they
have almost no guns in Britain when
there is a terrorist attack tom was
always done by knife or bike car yes
some people died but a lot less than our
massacres that are non-stop that average
about one a day over the last three
years we do one mass shooting in America
per day that's four casualties in order
to be a mass shooting and that is unreal
do they have that level of mass
shootings in Britain no they don't do
they have that level of gun homicides no
they don't
it's point seven ours is 33 why it's the
guns stupid you still don't get a racial
so now let's go to hold on before let me
give they're giving this quote there's
all the other excuses now hey look one
of them is we have racial diversity I
don't know why that would lead to more
gun homicides or mass shootings one
weird theory is if there's different
cultures they don't interact well with
one another and they kill each other
that's actually not true the
overwhelming majority of black homicides
are against other blacks so overwhelming
majority of whites are against other
whites why because they generally live
closer to one another they're in the
same family etc of course part of the
racial diversity theory not all of it
but some of it is basically a wink and a
nod well we've got more black guys in
the country it is gross so well that's
okay though let's do some science and
luckily they have
and figure out if racial diversity is
what leads to more gun violence racial
diversity or other factors associated
with social cohesion also show little
correlation with gun deaths among
European countries there is little
association between immigration or other
diversity metrics and the rates of gun
murders or mass shootings so they're not
just looking at America these studies
also looked at Europe so in some
countries there are more immigrants some
of those immigrants are Muslims some of
them are African some of them are black
etc and then there are some countries
with less immigrants they looked across
all those different countries and in
America and realize there's almost no
correlation so it's it's not racial
diversity that is not the answer ok so
let's go to another possibility whether
a population plays more or fewer video
games also appears to have no impact
americas are no more likely to play
video games than people in any other
developed country so look at this point
is a disfavored theory among the right
or the left but for a while the right
was obsessed with this how's the video
games it's the movies it's the culture
but our video games that are movies are
all over the world and they're not
killing each other these barbaric rates
in Japan or Britain or France or
anywhere else or Australia so where they
did massive gun control and that had
almost no mass shooting since they've
done gun control Hey look at that less
guns less shootings Wow look this is
super obvious and if you're live outside
of America you you must be thinking Jake
why are you wasting our time this is
your keep telling me that two plus two
equals four of course it's the guns more
guns equals more gun homicides more mass
shootings it's simply the most obvious
thing you have ever said on the show but
here in America we have lost our minds
you have to keep telling people facts
over and over again until they go oh
really guns huh
huh I thought maybe it was the toasters
or or the cars or mental health speaking
of which let's go to mental health and
see if that's the answer
if Mental Health made the difference
then data would show that Americans have
more mental health problems than do
people in other countries with fewer
mass shootings but the mental health
care spending rate in the United States
the number of mental health
professionals per capita and
rate of severe mental disorders are all
in line with those of other wealthy
countries so as an example we have just
as many mentally sick people as per
capita as Australia does Norway does
France does Italy does we can keep on
going
Japan does they have a lot less mass
shootings if it was mental health and it
was same all over we'd have the same
rate of mass shootings would have the
same rate of gun homicides but we don't
because they don't arm the mentally ill
whereas here in Americans walking in
well any Walmart anywhere else we like
be egg to give me a gun and we have
almost no regulations so you can just
walk out with a gun willy-nilly no
problem we have a lobby here who keeps
assisting the people on the terrorist
watch list people who are mentally ill
people have committed crimes people who
want to buy silencers and armor-piercing
boats that they should all have
immediate access to weapons gee I wonder
why we have more shootings but I got to
tell people this because in America they
they keep denying the most obvious
reality because the NRA and the gun
manufacturers have bought all the
politicians they've bought off a lot of
the conservative media so they do
counter-propaganda
over and over again these are the real
facts let's keep going from the New York
Times the United States is not actually
more prone to crime so that's another
theory than other developed countries
according to a landmark 1999 study by
Franklin EES simmering and Gordon
Hawkins of the University of California
Berkeley rather they found in data that
has since been repeatedly confirmed that
American crime is simply more lethal and
New Yorkers just as likely to be robbed
as a Londoner for instance but the New
Yorker is 54 times more likely to be
killed in the process look at what we're
doing each other it's America more
criminal no they tested it we're not
more criminal we're not more crazy it's
just that we let our the crazy people in
the country I'm sorry if you're offended
by that but it's true we let them buy
weapons and then shoot each other and
shoot our us shoot our kids the
criminals it is really hard for them to
buy a gun in Great Britain
you know this any otic talking point
that they have in America
or the good new crime anyway well yes
some people will commit crime no matter
what some people will not commit it if
it's harder
some people will commit it but with a
rope they might or might not be able to
kill one person with a gun they can kill
seventeen fifty eight forty nine we're
making it way way easier for them
somebody might do a mugging anyway who
are you gonna be good at legally yes we
make things illegal to try to deter them
and Jeff it doesn't work every time but
generally it does otherwise we wouldn't
make murder illegal we wouldn't make
robbery or rape illegal which is caja
then we don't want regulation of rape we
don't want regulation of murder they
could do it anyway what a preposterous
argument it's just that our criminals
are loaded with weaponry okay so now
more more gun ownership corresponds with
more gun murders across virtually every
axis among developed countries among
American states among American Towson
cities and when controlling for crime
rates and gun control legislation tends
to reduce gun murders according to a
recent analysis of a hundred and thirty
studies from 10 different countries so
whether you're comparing America to
other countries you find out hey more
guns equals more gun murders shocking a
more American town so you know a lot of
times in the right wing in this country
will say you know they have gun control
in some place like Chicago or a gun-free
zone but there's still emergence there
we win no no you idiot first of all you
the people living in a in a gun-free
school zone and the people that go to
school there it's not like they're on an
island or they're on a different planet
you know you could just walk into that
zone so what we're trying to do is make
it harder for those people to acquire
weapons but the problem is nearby areas
sell the weapons with almost no
restrictions whatsoever so yes people
can walk into schools yes people can
walk into Chicago in New York with
weapons that they bought right across
the border super easy but even so when
you look at the facts of the statistics
the places that have guns
inside America the tighter the gun
control the less des especially when
controlling for crime rates so when you
look at it it is just simply not true
that gun control doesn't work it does
work on an international scale the
difference is stark as I've shown you in
all of these numbers where they have
less guns they have less murders by guns
and less mass shootings and it is that
evidence from 130 studies is
overwhelming the only people who don't
want to hear that are people who just
like their guns that they don't care
that other people die by guns they just
want to keep their hobby and they want
to feel safer they want to feel more
like a man I don't know what it is those
there's those guys and they're actual
citizens and they do actually feel that
way and then there are the corrupt who
say I don't want to see facts because I
get paid not to see facts people like
Marco Rubio who have taken 3.3 million
dollars from the NRA to make sure he
does not see any of these facts so I
know it again if you're outside the
country you got to be amazed by it but
America's unfortunately become one of
the most corrupt countries in the world
because we legalized bribery gun
manufacturers give money to the NRA the
National Rifle Association they then
hand the money over there largely
Republican politicians but some
Democrats as well and they say I don't
care how many kids die I don't even care
how many congressmen get shot in the
head you will never pass gun control
legislation and since they were legally
bribed people like Marco Rubio Donald
Trump and the Republican Party go yes
sir I don't care how many people you
kill in my state I will never regulate
guns I don't care what the facts show I
don't care that there is it's
overwhelming evidence from 130 studies
yes but you didn't bribe me those
scientists didn't bribe me the NRA
bribed me it is sickening what is
happening in this country I'm not done
yet
almost there in 2013 American gun
related deaths included 21,000 175
suicides and those suicides we don't
talk about that nearly enough more
people die from suicides from mass
shootings or homicides or anything else
like that and guns make suicides so much
more likely also overwhelming evidence
to that effect all right they included
over
21,000 suicides 11,000 208 homicides and
505 deaths caused by an accidental
discharge that same year in Japan a
country with one third of America's
population guns were involved in only 13
deaths we had over 32,000 gun deaths in
that year they had 13 well let's do it
per capita so we're three times larger
let's multiply their number by 339 we
have 32,000 they have 39 per capita when
you do it by per capita we're literally
killing ourselves and we do it
willy-nilly we let our politicians take
unlimited money from gun manufacturers
who profit off of our death and they
maximize profit while our kids get
massacred day in day out and that is
literal like I said not just mass
shootings every single day that is a
fact in America in this year in 2018 we
have had a school shooting every other
day this means an American is about 300
times more likely to die by gun homicide
or accident than a Japanese person
America's guns ownership rate is a
hundred and fifty times as high as
Japan's now they have 13 gun this again
if you triple it to match our population
size it's 39 we have over 500 gun deaths
just on accidents oops the kid
accidentally found the gun shot himself
shot his parents the parent was had the
gun in the car accidentally shot the kid
I've covered a million of those stories
so do you think that those gun deaths
would happen accidentally if there were
no guns I mean I don't know how
preposterous you have to be and how many
logical circles you have to go in and
tie yourself up at knots to try to
convince yourself it's not the guns when
it's obviously the guns finally I'm
gonna go to an expert here Dan Hodges he
says and this is really a chilling
thought but unfortunately right now is
the it stands in America and the level
of corruption that we have he's right in
respect he says Sandy Hook marked the
end of the u.s. gun control debate once
America decided killing children was
bearable it was over so that's a British
journalist looking in and recognizing
the cold hard reality in America we're
never gonna do anything about it as long
as we have this system of government
where we allow legalized bribery and our
all of our representatives are up for
auction and I say that because you say
hey look mind their their NRA has real
members and there's a lot of gun rights
guys in the country and they vote yeah
that's true but is it because of that
that we have no gun control in this
country or almost none
no because ninety-three percent of
Americans want stronger federal
background checks including over 70% of
NRA members but the NRA doesn't work for
its members and it doesn't give a damn
about 93 percent of Americans it gets
most of its money from gun manufacturers
they work for the people who profit off
of our death and they give money to the
politicians and the politicians say 93
percent what do you think you live in a
democracy I don't care though every one
of those politicians voting against gun
control have said what Dan Hodges is
pointing out there yeah we're okay with
American kids getting butchered and
massacred on a daily basis as long as
you keep writing those checks yeah I'm
fine with that they didn't do anything
after Sandy Hook they didn't do after
anything after Orlando they didn't do
anything after the Vegas shooting after
the Sutherland Springs shooting where
they were 26 people were killed in a
church in Texas they didn't do anything
after the South Carolina Church shooting
they didn't do it and and do you think
they're gonna do something after this no
and yet another school massacre and our
politicians as long as they keep getting
paid we'll ignore all of these super
obvious facts is the only thing they can
see is dollar signs well all those
politicians
I hope the blood money was worth it
because it's our kids that are dying if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash join get the hole
Yonkers show every day
