the death toll involving the shooting
that took place at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in Broward County
Florida is at 17 casualties so far we
know that 17 people have been shot and
killed by the 19 year old gunman
now we're uncertain as to whether or not
that death toll will rise however there
are more people getting treatment at the
hospital right now at least 14 more
individuals are injured what we also
know is that after an hour of being at
large the suspect is now in custody
we do know that he's a former student at
this high school and he was expelled for
disciplinary reasons apparently at one
point administrators at the school were
concerned about other students safety
and they were concerned that the student
posed a threat so he wasn't allowed to
come on to campus with a backpack he
would brag about his guns on social
media he would share photos of his guns
on social media we know that he had an
ar-15 style semi-automatic rifle with
several magazines were uncertain as to
whether or not he had other weapons on
him at the time of the shooting and we
will fill you in as we get more details
on the shooting obviously this is still
developing an ar-15 you don't say mass
shooter an NRA s best friend an ar-15
you don't need an ar-15 to go hunting
you need an ar-15 if you want to murder
people
so as 12 people died inside the school
building two outside the school building
one dead in the street and two died at
the hospital
so what I found interesting about this
story was the fact that he was a former
student and based on multiple interviews
that I read from current students at the
school everyone would talk about how if
ever there was gonna be a mass shooting
on campus it would be from him he would
be the one to carry it out and one
student was quoted as saying and I'm
paraphrasing his quote
one predicted that the shooting would
happen everyone but the government the
government's thought no who cares give
him a gun give everybody a gun we don't
care if people are mentally unstable or
if they have a political agenda or we
don't care what any of their motives are
we don't care oftentimes if they were
convicted of domestic abuse there's a
lot of things we don't care about we
don't care if your honor they're on the
terrorist watch list we don't care if
they want to have bump stocks there so
they could murder people more
efficiently ar-15s
so many of the mass shooters have use
armor-piercing bullets we don't care we
don't care we don't care you kids got
shot and killed down in Florida died in
the street some of them some inside
their schools you know what the
government officials and the politicians
and and the NRA and the gun
manufacturers say we don't care we're
still making money so your kids are
gonna keep on dying this is terrifying
and it's all too common in the US and to
be quite honest with you when the story
first broke I was uncertain as to
whether or not it would make headlines
because shootings happen every single
day in the United States I mean
obviously this shooting led to a higher
death toll it happened on a high school
campus but shootings like this not like
this but shootings happen every single
day in the United States and we have
become so incredibly desensitized to
them but the reality is there are people
myself included who live in fear you
don't know who's gonna strike next when
they're gonna strike you don't know who
is gonna lose their temper and who might
be carrying a gun at the time I
understand that people have a
constitutional right to bear arms I
understand that but every constitutional
right has limitations
and while gun owners responsible gun
owners should have the liberty to have
firearms
I believe that all Americans should have
the liberty of living in a safe country
where they're not fearful that their
children are gonna be shot dead at any
moment when are we gonna value that form
of Liberty I feel like we're I feel
hopeless when we cover these stories
because it doesn't matter what we do
doesn't
or what we say the outcome is always the
same I thought there might be a little
bit of change after the mass shooting
that happened in Vegas where 58 people
were gunned down I thought at the very
least we would ban the bump stocks but
we couldn't even do that in the NRA in
their usual way lied and said oh yeah
we'll help you a band bump stocks and
then two a couple of days later when
nobody was paying attention like of
course we were lying we've got an extra
nickel to make from bump stocks we're
all representing gun manufacturers and
they love these shootings love them gun
sales go on up after these shootings
because everybody's afraid just like
Hannah said so then they pump more money
into our corrupt politicians and you
know how it goes you want to end all the
mass shootings and have some degree of
sane gun control get money out of
politics because when the NRA is allowed
to buy politicians where they spent over
what fifty or seventy million dollars in
the last election cycle well then you're
never gonna have gun control because you
have private financing of elections okay
look give you some quick stats here to
give you context so the u.s. makes up
less than 5% of the world's population
but we were number one and we hold 31
percent of the global mass shooters and
so if you look at graphic 67 here by the
way coming in at number two the
Philippines also led by an authoritarian
leader who encourages shootings Hey look
at that number three Russia also an
authoritarian leader who is right-wing
and encourages violence and then Yemen
Yemen which is in the middle of a
disastrous epic civil war is number four
is number four it's insane
we dwarf all of these guys five percent
of the world's population thirty one
percent of the mass shooters all right
deaths from gun violence in 2018 with
only six weeks in 1806 people are dead
from just gun violence mass shootings
more stats here 383 mass shootings in
2016 I don't know if you know this the
year
only has 365 days more than one mass
shooting per day in 2017 it dropped a
little bit
346 out of 365 days and 2018 so far 30
out of 45 days have had a mass shooting
that's four mass shootings in 2017
14,000 people killed in mass shootings
alone last year that is almost five 911s
in one year and if for 9/11 we invaded
countries some right countries some
wrong countries killed arguably millions
of innocent civilians in our anger and
frustration but we have five 911s every
single year in America and we're not
allowed to do anything about it because
our politicians get bribed by the NRA
and it's not just the fact that we lack
certain regulation that would make all
the sense in the world to pass it's also
the fact that we don't enforce
regulation that we currently have or the
regulation that we have is so
watered-down and so incredibly weak that
it doesn't function the way that it's
supposed to so I'll give you a very
specific example there was the Texas
shooter who shot up a church and it was
a former military member who was
dishonorably discharged from the
military for bad conduct the military is
supposed to report to the FBI when
someone is dishonorably discharged from
the military because that individual
should not be able to pass a background
check if they choose to purchase a gun
well it turned out that the military had
this insane backlog years and years of
backlog where they were not reporting to
the FBI what they were supposed to
report to them and so after that
shooting happened guess what they did
they rushed to report over 4,000
individuals dating back years ago who
were dishonorably discharged and should
not be able to pass a background check
so for those of you are saying well we
have the background check I mean what
more could you want it doesn't work it
doesn't work because it's a watered-down
nonsensical version of a red
elation that we should really have and
by the way the FBI is only given three
days to do that background check which
is not enough time not enough time I
mean it's it both people people can't
wait longer than three days to purchase
their guns so so and then if you if they
don't make it in time they say give him
the gun or whether they it was gonna
turn out that they were violent or
criminals or terrorists or mentally
deranged it doesn't matter give him the
gun give him the gun give him the gun
why does it have to be three days well
that's because the NRA put pressure on
politicians hurry up don't don't
whatever you do I gotta make an extra
cent from that ar-15 I'm gonna sell and
if that ar-15 murders a lot of people as
it often does and and and helps in in
facilitating those murders well so what
I already made that die maximize profit
at all costs including your kids lives
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
