more bad news for you when it comes to
the environment and the combination of a
heating atmosphere and some of the
things that have been locked in the
Arctic for a long period of time there
may be more than 15 million gallons of
mercury buried in the permafrost of the
northern hemisphere roughly twice as
much mercury as you can find in all of
the rest of the Earth's soils and ocean
and atmosphere which is earth all of
that is locked in the permafrost oh my
god thank God the permafrost is perma
Frost its perma it's always gonna be
locked in there except that it might not
be because according to a 2013 study the
northern hemisphere is gonna lose
anywhere from 30 to 99 percent of its
permafrost by 2100 assuming current
human greenhouse gas emissions continue
unabated which means that amongst other
things and we've talked about other
things like anthrax and other sorts of
long dormant diseases viruses things
like that huge amounts of carbon which
means you get a sort of ironic
acceleration of climate change once the
permafrost is melted we also will have
an unimaginable amount of mercury which
will go from being locked in permanent
ice icy ground in the tundra up there
and now will begin flowing out into the
waterways into the oceans and all of
that accumulating far down the food
chain and then slowly working its way up
to animals like humans they say the
mercury might get in the water once it
melts
of course it's melting from the
permafrost of course it's gonna get in
the water it's impossible to stop it
from getting in the water then you know
what happens there's mercury in the
water we're screwed
so there's we are oh we're almost
literally playing out a lord of the ring
scene you know when the dwarves dig into
the earth and they keep digging and
digging that's what we're doing with
fossil fuels okay we're doing the oil
we're drilling into the ground we're
doing the fracking drilling into the
ground getting the gas and the doors
keep drilling and drilling and drilling
until oops they released the wrong thing
yeah now in their case it was the Balrog
in our case it's mercury and methane so
even if the methane and the mercury was
not released from the permafrost and
from the ice caps we don't still be
doomed on the carbon alone on the
greenhouse gas alone but the methane
makes it so much worse and then there's
the mercury in the water so that's our
Balrog and its release is nearly
inevitable so again I it's not that I'm
being too doom and gloom
it's that most people don't have the
facts at their disposal if you knew all
the facts as the scientists do yeah like
the scientists you'd feel like you're
trapped in some sort of weird science
fiction movie where you keep your at the
beginning but you can't break out of the
beginning you can't tell them the
president and everyone else you don't
understand a disaster is coming it's
Groundhog Day but there's no snow yeah
in the future and the next eight hours
you keep telling them and telling them
but in this movie they never believe you
and so hashtag climate change you shall
not pass hashtag the Balrog is coming if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com sighs joined get the
whole young turks Oh every day
