Marco Rubio and Ivanka Trump are taking
the issue of paid family leave and
championing it they are trying to find a
solution that would basically allow for
families to take time off of work in
order to take care of their children and
not have to deal with the financial
burden of not earning any money while
they do so now we talked about their
upcoming proposal recently and just to
fill you in just to remind you and catch
you up with what they want to do the
Rubio Trump scheme which is based on a
proposal from the conservative
independent women's forum new parents
would fund their parental leave by
tapping into their social security
benefits early to get a little more
specific parents would get 12 weeks of
benefits for what the Independent
Women's Forum claims would be six weeks
or only six weeks of Social Security
retirement benefits down the line okay
so you should watch our previous video
on this we break it down even further
but for the sake of this conversation I
want to focus on how this conservative
organization the Women's Forum or the
independent women's forum is excited
about this because it would essentially
destroy Social Security okay so let me
give you the details on that now if we
start borrowing from Social Security not
only would we have to wait even longer
in order to retire it would also further
defund a program that is taking care of
our elderly right now and also it would
set a precedent if the government says
oh you want to take money out of Social
Security in order to pay for this and
that well maybe we can also use it for
things like food stamps and other
government programs which conservatives
would love right but
there's also you know setting that
standard is something that excites these
conservatives so case in point Kerry
Lucas who wrote for the Federalists and
talked about how this would set this
great standard and it could solve all
the social security problems and
conservatives hate the groups managing
director Kerry Lucas writes that a
policy like this could have the added
benefit of changing Americans thinking
about Social Security as a bedrock
benefit that cannot be changed yeah so
it's worse than you thought
and let me give you more context 82
percent of Americans believe there
should be paid family leave 82 percent
so what do the problems want to do they
want to kill two birds with one stone so
they don't actually want you to have
paid family leave because that might
mean taxes or some corporations chip in
employees would also chip in right but
God forbid that corporations should ever
pay a dime because they own all these
politicians so instead they're gonna
make you pay for it
what part of paid leave is you paying
like if you're paying for this then it's
not paid it's not paid leave exactly
right so you're paying through it
through Social Security either they're
going to make you wait longer before you
can retire or they're gonna cut the
amount of Social Security you're getting
for the rest of your life
so that's mission number one which is
don't actually do paid leave while
pretending to do paid leave because it's
actually incredibly popular okay and
then mission number two is if we at the
same time we could destroy Social
Security by making it a common thing
that hey if you don't want to pay for
something just take it out of their
Social Security that's right keep on
taking it out until they can never
retire god they're loathsome
they're loathsome they don't work for
you they work for their donors and it is
a great redistribution of wealth to the
top that's right that's absolutely right
and by the way I want to give some
conservatives and some libertarians
credit because when this upcoming
proposal by marco rubio was first
reported there were conservatives and
libertarians that thought it was a
really bad idea and criticized it
because it would destroy Social Security
but again Kerry Lucas who is with the
Independent Women's Forum disagrees she
thinks it's great because again it would
fundamentally change the way that we
think of Social Security and it would
essentially set a precedent that would
further destroy it so let me give you
more details about what she writes and
then I'll give you some information
about her where she lives and the type
of system she gets to take advantage of
now she writes importantly unlike other
public assistance programs this Social
Security parental leave program isn't
freebie or a handout people would know
that accessing benefits would mean they
will have to wait for benefits later she
continues to say people support public
assistance but they also don't want
public assistance to be exploited and
used as a long-term crutch this approach
would encourage an important mental
shift with lasting implications for
governments safety nets more broadly so
she comes at it from the perspective of
you know all these people with their
fraudulent behavior are taking advantage
of these social net safety nets like she
comes at it from people are looking for
government handouts okay
by the way she has five children and she
lives in Germany okay where they have
what are the most progressive paid
family leave programs in the world so
I'll give you the details on that in
just a minute so if she's talking about
government handouts in terms of paid
family leave it's not you get the money
from both employers and employees to pay
for that paid family leave and it's the
owe then they're gonna get used to what
do we get used to it it lasts for 12
weeks there's just no way around and
it's only when you have a baby what are
gonna do keep having babies just to get
paid family leave like maybe have like
five babies because you live in a
socialist country that has paid family
leave like Germany I don't know maybe
that was your experience that's why
you're projecting onto others but no
nobody's having babies to get an on paid
leave that they're gonna have to take
out of their retirement and if you're
referring to Social Security all
long-term crutch you know they get there
they're retired and they're gonna stay
retired and then we're gonna have to pay
them with the money they paid into the
system what crutch we pay in the Social
Security we pay in the Medicare what
Grudge know they hate anything that
helps actual citizens know it she goes
further and and just get a load of the
assumption that she makes here which I
would argue is not an accurate
assumption she says many Americans are
perfectly capable and happy to continue
working and tend to be better off
financially than ever before she's
talking about individuals who are
elderly she's saying they'd rather work
longer they'd rather you know postpone
retirement based on what evidence based
on what data she could David and me
social safety net in Germany so in the
Gepard of that safety net she's sitting
there telling us about how no no go back
to the mines okay
look if we prefer to work longer you
know what we could do we could work
longer nobody stopping us so there's a
really easy way to find out if we prefer
that as some people do no that's not
what you're saying you're saying you're
must work longer even though you paid
into Social Security your whole life I'm
not gonna let you retire I'm gonna take
that money and use it for other things
by the way they already spent the Social
Security money they spent on rich taxes
for the rich on Wars defense contractors
oil company subsidies and III if you
ever watched Manas held a movie about us
there's that scene when I'm on MSNBC and
I'm yelling at a former Republican
congressman because he's got this smirk
on his face and he's saying but we
already spent it the worst it gets worse
she says adjustments to the retirement
age might not seem so unthinkable when
put in the context of these trade-offs
so understand what she's saying they're
conservatives notoriously want to
postpone the retirement age as much as
possible that debate comes up every once
in a while and it's so incredibly
frustrating 65 that's too early for
retirement let's postpone it to 67 67
and a half 68 and so by the time my
generation is ready to retire who knows
what age retirement is going to what age
they're gonna decide retirement is
acceptable she continues to say
encouraging people to think about Social
Security's assets as if those benefits
are their property for use now or at
retirement could even encourage people
to want to move more in that direction
and transform the current pay-as-you-go
system into one that pre funds future
benefits and with assets that belong to
individuals so again we all know how
social security works I pay into Social
Security but that's not money that goes
into a savings account for me personally
it's money that goes toward taking care
of the country's elderly so we don't
have elderly homeless people you know
that was the whole point of Social
Security but under this system it would
be like we have our individual accounts
that we borrow from but what happens if
you aren't making a lot of money what
finn's if you're unemployed does that
mean that once you hit retirement age
we're just gonna let you live on the
streets I don't know it seems like
that's the kind of system that she's in
favor of and by the way one other thing
we have an aging population in the u.s.
it's not as as disastrous as it is in
Japan right now but one of the issues
that conservatives are worried about is
that less people are having children
yeah why would people especially people
in my generation want to have children
if we live in the type of country that
has no interest in supporting us and
making it possible for us to raise our
kids and then go back to work so it's
pretty easy for Karen Lucas to say you
shouldn't get paid family leave them
unless we take it out of your Social
Security cuz by German law she might
have had 15 years of paid family leave
Oh
hypocrisy is unreal I don't know how
long she's lived in Germany but it is
very easy to say that out of a comfort
of a socialist country hey by the way
you should leave if you don't like
socialism you don't like that social
safety net that they have in Germany
okay come back here live with the rest
of us and supper so and if you're
outside the country and a lot of our
viewers are I know that you've got to be
in disbelief but do you know that the
United States is the only industrialized
nation that offers no paid time off for
new mothers so theoretically you got a
ship if you like look a lot of most of
the people in the country live paycheck
to paycheck that means you have the baby
you gotta show up to work the next day
the barbarity of that for the rest of
the world is incomprehensible do you
know that in 1993 we've forced pay past
the Family and Medical Leave Act that
allowed for 12 weeks of unpaid leave
before 93 if you took a day off because
you had a baby they could fire you like
oh you had a baby that's really nice
you're fired
you're not back to the mines if you're
not working in the in the coal mines
you're fired okay a baby I don't give a
damn about your baby you're gone because
you're costing me a nickel of profit
okay now you have to allow for 12 weeks
but it's all unpaid
I don't know how you're gonna survive I
don't know how your kid's gonna survive
I don't care that's what the US
government says bootstraps that's what
they throw at you now when we proposed
and it has 82% popularity in the country
because we're all sick of getting
crushed can we have paid family leave
well Marco Rubio and Ivanka Trump have a
special little trick for you let me take
your energy around that issue and use it
against you and give you a terrible
proposal where we don't actually pay for
it and we ruin Social Security look
Donald Trump's a monster I get it I talk
about it all the time his daughter which
gets credit who gets credit for being
moderate is no such thing
she's also along the same lines but most
importantly establishment Republicans
are okay
it's just Donald Trump that's what you
hear on cable news all the time
no establishment Republicans like Marco
Rubio are also monsters they don't
believe in Social Security they don't
believe in paid family leave and he's
the guy and he's getting credit on TV
every day for Marco Rubio's for paid
family leave when it's a goddamn trick
but nobody on TV has two brain cells to
rub together or they don't care that
part of the corruption so they're like
oh don't worry once we get rid of Donald
we'll have a good Republican like Marco
Rubio in and he will more effectively
steal from you you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
