so my uncle is a great guy on my mom's
side on my dad's side I have a great
uncle too but uh my dad my mom's side he
will never ever eat the last bite
it doesn't matter he's not gonna eat
these good wants to make sure that if
somebody else has it if you need a shirt
he'll give you the shirt off his back he
is so incredibly generous that's why my
nickname for him is aspiration calm calm
way too generous okay no monthly service
fees no matter of a monthly bells no
minimum monthly deposit you don't have
to pay for any ATMs anywhere in the
world
Portugal sorry you don't have to pay for
the ATM Las Vegas no ATM fees not
interfere with aspiration calm up to one
percent annual percentage yield that's
the best in the business and and they
give away 10% of the revenue to charity
just like my uncle aspiration calm to
generous if you liked this video bless
your heart we got a lot more where that
came from we do a full show every day
Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
