senator Kirsten Gillibrand is from New
York if I'm being honest
and that's what we do here she has been
more in the establishment wing of the
Democratic Party we believe that she is
likely to run in 2024 a present so today
she came up with a dramatic announcement
and it really is dramatic and I would
argue that it is even maybe a harbinger
of a sea change in democratic politics
let me show you what it is and then I'll
tell you the consequences and why it's
so important
so the fact of corporate money in
politics I've decided from this point on
I am no longer accepting corporate PAC
checks into my campaign so one of the
reasons why I'm so concerned about money
and politics is because of the Supreme
Court decision citizens united we have a
system where corporations can spend
unlimited money that isn't even
disclosed so there's no transparency
since I was first elected in 2006 I've
made it my mission to create more
transparency and accountability in
Congress and so I was the first member
of Congress to actually post my schedule
my earmark requests and my financial
disclosure online and I've since added
to that my taxes so I hope you will
stand with me we really need to make
every effort we can to get rid of the
corporate money and dark money that is
flowing into politics and my effort to
ban corporate pact checks is just a
first step in that direction okay that
is a giant deal so it started a little
bit at a time and there were a lot of us
who were saying hey corporate PAC money
is corrupting and those are true blue
progressives who were saying that and
then some congressmen started saying you
know what I'm not gonna take any
corporate PAC money anymore so
congressman ro Khanna stopped taking
corporate PAC money better o'rourke in
Texas now running for Senate yes Ted
Cruz no corporate PAC money and then it
grew in a groove and then there's a
separate wing of the Democratic Party
called the Justice Democrats none of
them are allowed to take corporate PAC
money they're all uncorrupted there's
now 51 Democratic candidates across the
country that are all just Democrats all
not taking corporate
money and then more incumbents or old
Grijalva is now a justice Democrat Tulsi
Gabbard no corporate PAC money and then
the Senate Elizabeth Warren no corporate
PAC money and now Gillibrand what most
people in politics would consider
bedrock establishment Democrat now
saying no more corporate PAC money now
look I have a sense that some
progressives will be skeptical I'll give
you the full context here in a second
but no when you have one okay we're
nowhere near getting money out of
politics we have a very very long road
to go but when someone comes to your
side
for God's sake celebrate it rewarded and
and feel great about it if you had asked
me if senator Gillibrand is not gonna
take over PAC money a year ago I would
have said no way she's gonna do that but
here she is if you think oh it's because
she wants to win in 2020 great you know
what that means that means people as
savvy as Senator Gillibrand have
realized the Democratic Party is
actually progressive if I want to get
those voters there's no more tricks
there's not enough ads I could buy I
actually have to stop taking the
corporate money that's wonderful so
here's more context from roll call her
prohibition includes contributions from
PACs connected to trade associations and
law firms her spokesman Glenn Caplan
told roll call in an email saying the
goal was to quote get corporate money
out of politics okay now she's still
taking some PAC my let's explain PAC
money from labor unions is still welcome
Kaplan said and also PACs have amounted
to about fifteen percent this is more
context of Jill brands donations over
Korea in the house a Senate according to
data from nonpartisan Center for
Responsive Politics and one more year
labor PACs represented about 14% of Jill
brand's PAC dollars while ideological or
single issue PACs amount under more than
twenty percent the center's data showed
but the overwhelming majority of the PAC
money was corporate PAC money 65 percent
of it and now that is gone
she's putting that money inside and
saying I don't want it I just can't
praise it enough
look Barack Obama said that he was for
change to me change is systemic change
when you change the system you change
the rules why do we need to change the
rules because our democracy's been
corrupted by the corporate money in
politics now Obama talked a good game in
he had a lot of placards that said
change but when he got in office he did
almost nothing for real change in that
regard and the system remained exactly
as it was I remember Obama ran an ad
saying I'm not going to try to play the
Washington politics and games a little
bit better I'm going to change the game
changing the game was getting money out
of politics and he didn't do it so
sometimes the Democrats will say what do
you want unilateral disarmament where we
don't take the money and they do well I
want you to be uncorrupted I believe
that that actually will give you better
electoral results but most importantly I
want you to work towards getting money
out of politics and if you are know if
you're a candidate you're no longer
taking corporate money and corporate PAC
money you know what that means you're
gonna work really hard to make sure that
no one can take corporate PAC money
great its mission accomplished on two
fronts one you're no longer corrupted by
the corporate PAC money as a candidate
and as a senator and number two you're
incentivized to work super hard to get
that money out of politics so no matter
what you think her intentions are or why
she did it
you have to understand that this is a
wonderful moment not just for senator
Gillibrand but for the progressive
movement it doesn't mean that we have
won that big tree when we get a
constitutional amendment to get money
out of politics so a good distance and
organizations like Wolfpack wolf dash
pack.com are working hard and you should
join them to make that happen once you
get the amendment that is rewriting the
rules that is real change that's
changing the game and bringing our
democracy back so that the politicians
serve their voters and not their donors
but this is a very important step in
that direction doesn't mean we've won
but it does mean we have begun to win if
you like this video
bless your heart we've got a lot more
where that came from we do a full show
every day
day through Friday come enjoyed ad-free
by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
