we've got a story of a lovely
second-grade teacher and a Kurd
elementary school and whether Texas her
name is Heather Holland there she is
and like I said she's in the middle of
Texas she's teaching elementary school
and and then she is sick it happens to a
lot of us okay and it is flu season and
she got the flu
Hollan went to a doctor was prescribed
flu medication but when she went to pick
it up and learned that about the 116
dollar copay she decided to forego the
prescription believing it wasn't worth
the money
now this has happened to a lot of us
co-pays too much in our crazy system and
were the only developed nation nation in
the world that does not have universal
health care coverage we're all supposed
to fend for ourselves just bootstraps
okay and so some people have good
insurance
some people have insurance that isn't so
good under the Affordable Care Act you
were supposed to get some degree of
minimum coverage and and now under the
new rules they can make a coverage worse
and worse so your deductibles are higher
and your copay is higher but either way
and I and to be fair I don't know the
kind of coverage that Heather Holland
had I do know that her co-pays really
high for medication for the flu so she
decided did they just it's got two kids
I didn't want to spare the money when
Holland's husband found out about their
copay incident on Thursday night he went
back to the pharmacy and bought the
prescription himself but by that point
her condition had swiftly deteriorated
the flu unfortunately is nothing to mess
with
and it kills a lot of people so you got
to act and you gotta act quick
but in our brutal system people are
worried about 116 dollars that's a lot
of money to people on Sunday morning
Hollen passed away from flu
complications leaving behind her husband
ten year old daughter and a
seven-year-old son we're not supposed to
do this to our own citizens so we have
private health insurance their job is
not to take care of you
their job is to maximize profit man
don't blame me for that their
corporation we created corporations
they're written into the law they did
not exist in nature you can't go into
the woods and find a corporation we
created them and we wrote the laws and
the law says maximize profit at all
costs and then we said oh by the way you
can get into health care but if you're
in the health care you don't really have
to worry about the patients or your
customers your only directive is
maximize profit so you got somebody's
got the flu they can't afford it who
cares
charge them one hundred and sixteen
dollars charge them every single dollar
you think you could squeeze out of them
because that's going to maximize your
profit now other developed countries
believe that they should protect their
citizens that they're dead in a
democracy the whole point is to look out
for your citizens not in America and our
whole government has now been captured
by corporations and their job is to look
out for corporations and if we get
crushed along the way it is what it is
queue reversal health care coverage no
we're not gonna get it if you don't have
insurance at all you certainly will die
even if you have insurance your copay or
deductible can be so high it bankrupts
you and now we're gonna go back to the
days of pre-existing conditions and on
and on it goes this brutal brutal system
I'm gonna quote Frank Holland a husband
here I have to be strong for the kids
but it's still surreal it hasn't all set
in we've been together a long time over
half my life she's my best friend my
soulmate my everything but Heather
Holland is gone because her copay was
too expensive you just watch the video
by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
