we have another local news story here
now we don't normally cover that but I
think that it is important we sometimes
are covered in the case of mass
shootings etc when there is a larger
point to be made and and there is
unfortunately in this case this is out
of Miami it is about a parking dispute
well unfortunately a lot of small time
disputes have started in South Florida
and mushroom into national issues so in
this case we have Robert Fenton he's one
of the neighbors and well another one is
Robin cross she's a producer at WSVN 7
News Miami she comes home one day she
parks in a place that Fenton doesn't
like and apparently he's taping her
because they've had this altercation
once or twice before and she starts
yelling at him okay not that interesting
she starts cursing not that interesting
but wait till you hear what she says at
that
let's watch you're just blocking my
driveway no but you are fucking blocking
the right way of every car that passes
down this road you are blocking my
driveway of every car that passes down
this road you cannot block my driveway
I'm not parking the street either it's
illegal his car got hit and the cop told
us every car on this fucking street
could get fucking ticket in yes I use
the word fucking if you haven't heard it
before except your fucking son of day
some fucking nigger said it out loud
so she puts together the news she is
investigative segment producer at
channel 7 down in Miami or she was until
this got out and she worked at a local
news radio station she worked at cbs4
before the Sun Sentinel CBS 12 News in
West Palm Beach and now WSVN etc analyst
goes on and on and on of all the
different places that she has apparently
polluted the news with her point of view
but it's not about her it's about the
larger issue which is apparently these
people have been bottling this up and
it's a lot of people and to this day it
shocks me every time I hear like I can't
I can't quite believe it so she's
apparently been wanting to give that off
her chest for a long long time and you
know is it a coincidence that we have on
local news scary pictures of minorities
crime crime crime well is it
proportionate to the amount of crime
that happens within the different races
different studies have borne out that it
is not but hey they gets better ratings
when you scared the majority of your
viewers which oftentimes are white with
scary pictures of the others fill in the
blank and and oftentimes of course it is
minorities and african-americans and we
think well maybe that's just what sells
or you have one excuse or another excuse
or sometimes it's just the people doing
the news who apparently have those
biases but they never shared them with
you until she said finally she said I'll
get to that quote again one more time if
you didn't hear it clearly at the end of
that video but I'm just gonna turn back
to the fence for one second so there was
the dad Robert Fenton and there's Avery
Fenton who's a lawyer in Fort Lauderdale
and a former public defender in West
Palm Beach
so he has been beseeching WSVN to fire
her and he wrote this he said I'm not
looking to ruin her life or future
employment but I do think the punishment
should be commensurate with what
happened your employee reduced my
girlfriend to nothing other than a slur
based off of the color of her skin
last night I'm simply looking to see
your
employee terminated which I believe in
the light of the events is fair recourse
now look a recourse for the fentons I
feel bad for them and had to put up with
this nonsense at cetera but to me okay
that's one thing to me the much more
important thing is how many times does
she put into news stories that bias that
stereotyped that thing that was
lingering in the back of her head and
maybe she didn't even know she was
putting into the news stories given how
vicious she was in that team maybe she
did but but most of the time is its
subconscious and they don't you don't
realize you're doing it how many times
did that get on there how many times did
it pollute the airwaves and get into
people's heads and look I often go back
to this but it's really important
there's a brown eyed blue-eyed
experiment that a teacher in Kansas did
if she separated the class into kids
with blue eyes and brown eyes and told
one set of kids that they were inferior
than other kids they were superior
so the problem and it was an amazing
experiment she flipped it the same thing
happened even though they had just gone
through the experiment in the other way
not only that the people that were told
they were superior think that they were
superior the most damaging part in the
most heartbreaking part was the people
who were told they were inferior
believed it and they started doing worse
in school and the effect was nearly
immediate and it was significant so
we've been telling these people through
the news all along these biases the
people who created the news had it but
they never admitted it and any time you
brought it up they say oh that's just
liberals who are want to be victims and
it's all not true racism in America
never so I draw your attention to that
last quarter if you didn't hear right
she said hmm I said it out loud
finally and I know that these are terms
or people feel emboldened to say those
things out loud in a sense I'm glad
they're out of the closet but what was
never said out loud has been haunting us
for time immemorial in America and now
it's being said out loud and it is super
ugly to hear but at least you know it
now so yes that particular station has
taken some action she's at least been
suspended and we will see if they take
further action on this but the more
important story is what's in the back of
all of our heads and how did it get
there and a lot of times it got there
through the news and it got there
through folks like this who believed
these things and kept it inside at least
in terms of what they set up to others
but in their actions unfortunately spoke
volumes you just watch the video by The
Young Turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
