there was a father/daughter dance
planned at one school in Staten Island
New York but it has been postponed
following a new law regarding a gender
in the state of New York
now these gender based policies
essentially have these schools figure
out whether or not some of the events
that are thrown take into account that
there is some population of students
that do not identify with either gender
or might not identify with the gender
that they were born with right so state
lawmakers are essentially telling school
administrators try not to have
gender-based events and so as a result
this particular school PS 65 decided to
postpone the dance until they can find a
way to make it more inclusive of
everyone regardless of what gender they
identify with now if you want to look at
the numbers and kind of see what portion
of students are not gender normative a
study of eighty-one thousand Minnesota
teens found that three percent of ninth
and eleventh graders identified as
gender non-conforming or transgender so
I want to be clear that transgender is
different from gender nonconforming
transgender means that you were born
with one you were born with a certain
sex but you don't identify with that sex
you have a gender that doesn't you know
coincide with it with non conforming it
means you don't identify as male or
female so this story is interesting okay
let me start the controversy one father
Matt West said it's almost as if they're
taking it away well for the moment being
they are taking it away and let's see
look if they bring it back and they have
new rules that say but if someone is
gender non-conforming or they're
transgender but they're also allowed to
come to dance wonderful that's the
result we want we want inclusive we want
everybody involved if they end the dance
entirely then I totally disagree I don't
agree with a dance that excludes people
and I would never be in favor of that
but ninety-seven percent of people are
you know whatever cisgender whatever the
term is right and they want to have a
father-daughter dance
I don't I don't see the issue let him
have a father-daughter dance yeah so I
actually 100% agree with you and I don't
even think it should be that
controversial like we're talking about
again at least ninety-seven percent of
the students who don't identify as
transgender or gender non-conforming
they're having an innocent event it's
not like they're purposely doing this
event to exclude people or be cruel it's
just a sweet little event that they want
to have they wanna have a cute dance
with their fathers and you're gonna why
does everyone get punished for this like
that's what I don't get right and and
look there's there's another side of it
that I don't think people consider when
you start doing stuff like this you turn
good people with good intentions against
an important movement that's what I
worry about right all of a sudden you
start losing people and and right now it
was not the time to start losing people
yeah I had the same thought you
literally made the point I was about to
make which is that I just think you hurt
yourself ultimately with this sort of
thing more than you help yourself when
you hold up for such a small percentage
of people you should as genk says
include those people in whatever way
possible that would be time better spent
figure out a way to make this an
inclusive event so that no one feels
particularly left out but for such a
small percentage it's not as though
they're saying let's go beat up the
transgenders it's not that kind of rally
or you know I mean it's a this is really
a quaint tradition that should be
perhaps built out a little bit to
include these other people who society
has now become more aware of but the
idea that they could cancel event
completely you'll just create too much
bad blood it's a bad idea so let me jump
in and be clear about one other thing
this isn't a story where there were
transgender students who identify as
females getting discriminated there no
one was told you're not able to come to
this father-daughter dance
no one was discriminated against if
someone identified as a female and
wanted to go to the dance I have no
reason to believe that they would have
been told no you're excluded this was
just this crazy preemptive strike
against this father-daughter dance
because they're so worried about what
these gender based policies entail so
let me be clear about
to other things so to build on what I
said if the fact pattern was
we're not letting transgender people in
then I say well then you ruined it okay
then we're gonna have to shut the dance
down because you're needlessly
discriminating in in a in America we
don't discriminate that's not what we do
if you said well it's only 3% of
population is black so we're not gonna
let the blacks in no shut it down that's
not that's not American right
but nobody's doing that here nobody's
excluding anybody they're doing it
preemptively now it is let's look it is
possible that they're saying look we're
just trying to figure out what the
guidelines are and once we've figured it
out and how we're gonna be inclusive
will restart the dance so let's hope
that that's the result here and and I
guess give them a little bit of space to
get there and to make that right
decision but if at the end of the day
the conclusion is because we don't know
how to deal with the gender
non-conforming folks etc we're just
shutting it down for everybody then we
think that's a terrible idea
you're turning people off for no reason
that could be your allies and it's just
not right and by the way this is an
elementary school in Staten Island New
York okay so that doesn't mean there
can't be transgender kids or non gender
non-conforming etcetera and but it I
think that it's okay if Americans go to
father-daughter dances while we figure
what a while at the same time insisting
that we include everybody if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
