this week in Montana a man in the
state's Labor Department decided to take
a stand against ice when an interesting
situation arise so his name is Jordan
dear Dahl Roberts legal secretary with
that department since 2011 it was told
on Tuesday that he should help process
subpoena requests from ice according to
the independent record so he quotes from
him said I don't think I can help with
that I began talking with management
about what the deal was but I pretty
much understood at that point they were
going these were going to be subpoenas
for information that would end up being
used to hunt down and deport
undocumented workers perhaps in the way
that we've been reporting on a number of
cases where they're looking for people
who've been here for 10 20 30 even 39
years we had a case this week and then
trying to deport them and he decided
apparently that he did not want to be a
part of this he tweeted this it would
have been my responsibility to prepare
the information and hand them off to ice
I refused to aid in the breaking up of
families I refuse to just quote follow
orders this isn't an easy decision as it
puts me in a delicate financial position
and he finally said I'm drawing my line
in the sand here cooperation with this
regime is not acceptable that's just I
like it like so caught up a little bit
yeah yeah look when he said I refused to
end the breaking up our families I
refused to just follow orders
I was powerful so I've told you this
before I've now started to hear by cases
of churches hiding undocumented workers
in the basement and and and and that
just churches either and you know you
can't help but visualize or at least in
my case maybe I'm a little more obsessed
with pop culture of the opening scene in
Inglourious Basterds yeah where they're
hiding in the basement oh my god I was
gonna say a Nazi Germany - the cinematic
reference but you're right I mean that's
and that's not just cinema that really
happened people scrambling into the
shadows and having to remain there and
have to hope that wherever they're
hiding there's someone like like this
guy like this great American who says no
I won't do this I won't break up a
family where the where the where the
leader of this family the father the
mother whatever it has been in the
country 30 years
or twenty years or ten years I mean
these are real family units
sorry Jiang look just yeah yeah and look
I referenced the movie this is a little
softer to put it in the form of a movie
but your course right I mean among the
thousands of times that it happened and
Frank
in that case hiding in the Attic and in
people hiding people away because people
were coming for them and and and they
are and these are a lot of times in the
cases that John was referring to people
who are almost all law-abiding who go to
ice to check in with them regularly in
the case of the guys who have been
deported and by the way that's why some
people are now hiding because if you
follow the law and you check in with ice
sometimes they slap an ankle bracelet on
you sometimes they just whisk you away
to jail and then two weeks later your
family gets a call that you're now in a
different country and you're gone right
yeah for a guy who's been reporting in
all of these years who built bid all
these different guys the guy in Ohio
built a business and and had all these
workers and the whole community
supported him all add a bunch of Trump
voters supported him they're like wait I
didn't want you to take this guy right
but no they're coming for all of them
yeah yeah yeah it's it's scary I mean in
the last year immigration related
arrests are up forty two percent and I
mean it's not impossible but these sorts
they're happening now like every week
like that Jordanian man 39 years yours
here his wife is a US citizen he is
multiple daughters or US citizens he
owns multiple businesses employs a ton
of people and this this congressman Tim
Ryan had been defending him in the
process for about twenty years now
he had had a deportation order back in
2009 and because ice was not the same
thing and the leadership was not the
same thing back then they did not
actually enforce it and they didn't go
and they didn't deport him for nine
years and now he's gone he had to go he
sent back there his his elderly mom
greeted him and that's it he's gone
can't see his family anymore and I know
look look we we have our immigration
policy in this country has has never
been what I would call moral at all it's
had tons of problems and that is largely
been a bipartisan thing but the people
who will have you believe that this is
the same thing on both sides it is
absolutely
you can look at some a Gregorian in ply
that that's the same thing as breaking
up a family of four decades but it's not
our country is not supposed to be seen
this this is shades of what you were
talking this is shades of the Japanese
internment this is shades of the darkest
times in the US and they're just ramping
up here and so Trump and the Republicans
keep saying oh it's the criminals and
look at what happened in the shooting in
San Francisco and and now they're
putting in all sorts of political ads
but wait a minute you said you were just
gonna go after the criminals these guys
are not criminals but you're still going
after them
they're they couldn't so many of these
keys they couldn't be more law-abiding
that's why their whole community
including Trump voters rally around them
but they're still coming for them and
now the dreamers are gonna start to get
deported
beginning as early as March if they
don't have a deal and right now they're
not anywhere near a deal yeah so sorry
no no just to finish the thought it
could be that they're gonna take as
they're doing now with the adults but in
this case a lot of those kids don't
speak the native language of whichever
country they came from because they came
when they were two they were four etc
and so they're gonna drop them off in
the middle of Nicaragua and go good luck
what what are they supposed to do yeah
and these are some of the most violent
countries that they they are technically
linked to right when you talk about
Nicaragua or Central America that this
is I mean if you spoke Spanish fluently
if you grew up there you might only have
an even money chance of surviving to be
dropped there from America it's crazy
and what I was gonna say Jake just as
you mentioned the dreamers mean
statistically again if you just look at
the statistics it's the most productive
group of immigrants regardless of status
that you could possibly find
overwhelmingly well-educated
overwhelmingly employed it's it's it is
a violation of what he said of what he
was saying and what the banner they're
flying which is only gonna go after
criminals you always hear about ms-13
that's his big thing I mean he they'll
just they dredge up these arguments
about criminality and then they go after
people who are not criminals law-abiding
people who've built
families here over decades as John was
saying and it just shows the utter
bankruptcy of this entire immigration
and how an immigration deal and flawed
though our immigration policy may be in
this country it's never been as high
profile and jackbooted as it is now yeah
and and by the way so you know the real
facts
studies show that undocumented
immigrants commit crime at half the rate
of American citizens so American
citizens unfortunately commit crimes at
twice the rate of people who are
undocumented but we're not kicking
ourselves out logically so we shouldn't
take them out either last tweet from
Jordan Roberts here he says people have
asked why I'm doing this if I have a
child because now he doesn't have a job
anymore he said I'm doing this because I
have a child I want to be able to look
my child in the eye if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole younger so
every day
