we have a returning guest to the show
it's Amy vilela she's running for
Congress in Nevada's fourth District and
what got her interested and activated
was that her daughter died from lack of
available health care it's a
heartbreaking story and she is a justice
Democrat she's endorsed by our
revolution and here's well let's just
say hello to where right now Amy vilela
hey Amy how are you hi Jimmy how are you
doing oh it's so good to look so good to
see you again thanks for talking with us
and you know I just got some information
here about how well you're doing in the
you're getting individual contributions
it says that you're the fourth quarter
your FEC filings 3,300 individual
contributions that's a big deal right it
is it feels great to have the people
supporting my campaign and definitely
proving that a progressive campaign can
really be you know can really be viable
so so now you're you get you got all you
check all the boxes as far as I'm
concerned you're for a fit of Medicare
for all $15 minimum wage you're for a
green new deal you don't hear Democrats
say that enough and you for Democratic
electoral reforms that move big money
from out of politics so that's all good
let me ask you a question
did you get that letter that Michael
Tracy here at the Young Turks reported
on from the d-triple-c did you get that
letter no okay
so can I ask you how is the d-triple-c
which if people don't know what that is
that's the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee which is supposed to
help Democrats get elected to Congress
and we've reported here on this show
that they're doing what they've always
done which is trying to elbow out
progressives in favor of corporate
democrats who aren't really progressive
but actual center-right democrats or
blue dogs and what does have been your
experience with that you know I do have
competitors coming into this race I
definitely we
on the issues but I've been really
trying to focus going forward and making
sure that I am talking about the issues
and really tried to educate people on
what's happening right now and what we
need to be moving forward and really
stressing that the status quo is not
enough it's no longer acceptable we have
to demand more from the people that are
gonna be representing us son I'm really
I have a very extensive platform even
since the last time I was on it's grown
I'm being very specific it will be very
hard for for anyone that's challenging
me to challenge me on the issues because
I'm being very specific and very nice
it's very extensive
I think that's necessary that people
need to know where you stand on the
issues when you're running for office so
to give us an example of some of the
specifics that were yours being specific
and the your opponents aren't so I have
a really extensive platform that only
lists the issues that I'm going to be
running on but I go into detail those
issues as I as far as I know as of yet
they have issues but nothing substantial
or even no worthy to speak about
underneath the issues one of the things
for instance when I'm talking about you
know running on a medicare-for-all
platform you know running to ensure that
we have expanded and improved Medicare
for all
I don't just stop there I go until we
productive justice I also go into you
know gender gender reassignment and
making sure that's included as being
medically necessary and not something
that is cosmetic also making sure that
we are ensuring that people have access
to not access but they actually have
prep as well you know just the same
level of coverage as you would get for
Viagra when I'm not talking about the
issues I'm really going deep in making
sure we're addressing all of the people
in our communities and not just skipping
platitudes and very high-level you know
I'm with you I really need to know how
your
that's what exactly are you going to
fight for beyond
they know the catchphrases of you know I
want everyone to have access to health
care so I'm really making sure that I'm
going very much my details so that
people know what I'll be fighting for
over the years that I'm in Congress and
I'm going to be trying to build momentum
for and coalition to build coalitions
for joke stuff do you have a question I
ami its Steph I just write hi I want to
ask you I went to your website it's
aiming for the people calm and I noticed
that you're highlighting under jobs
labor and wages that you are interested
in repealing taft-hartley can you
explain that yeah so definitely I'm very
interested in making sure that we're
building our unions again that you know
we're building a strong working class
that has rights within the workplace you
know we can see back when unions started
losing their powers back in the Reagan
era that their advice for them from that
point forward we have seen a real divide
as far as where wages are going up and
where GDP assembly going that used to go
at the same projection and now they're
actually falling so we need to ensure
that we have legislation that really is
addressing the needs of unions and
making sure that we make them strong
again that's how the working class is
able to barter and ensure we have safe
equitable jobs and positions within
companies so I'm very Pro Union and
making sure that we can take steps going
forward such as as reversing that act
going forward that's great I'm curious
can you highlight a little bit more
about the workplace uh what is that
workplace democracy Act
yeah so the workplace democracy Act is
one that you know make sure that we have
right to work so we're able to you know
form unions and that we're able to
really again making our union strong
going forward and that we have equitable
workplace you know legislation in place
that's really big you know when we're
talking about unions and and what's
happening with them across this country
we know you have a lot of right-to-work
states we have a lot of bargaining power
that's been lost by the union's been
caused by workers so that's one of the
things that I'm very strong on is making
sure that we are rebuilding that you
know that goal is that also ties into
you know all of these things are
intersectional so we talk about having a
strong working class we also you make
sure that people are making an adequate
wage that they're able to take off if
they you know have an illness that they
have paid leave whether it's for a birth
of a child or it's were you know the
death of a child that they're giving
them adequate sick leave these are all
things that we need to ensure that we
have in legislation to really empower
people in the workplace so you know what
go ahead mark Malcolm you have a
question I wanted to ask you a question
Amy about healthcare specifically and
one of the frustrations I think a lot of
people on the Left have when we promote
single-payer medicare-for-all is that
how ignorant the vast majority of
American people are about how costly our
system is and that there are
alternatives it's as if most Americans
just don't even have no idea what the
Canadian system is like or the English
system is like and I wonder if you're
you confront that and if you part of
what your job is you know in campaigning
is also educating people about how our
pay twice as much as other countries do
for worse options and yet we hear these
messages about American health care like
Oh in Canada they're long waiting times
as if no one in the United States waits
for health care or doesn't get it at all
and so how often you get pushback from
even constituents who are
just maybe they would be supportive but
they don't understand the situation with
the healthcare situation the United
States compared to what it might be
under single-payer you know I get that
quite a bit and it's really just a need
for the community to have be educated on
what's happening in legislation and
what's happening around the globe so one
of the first things that people don't
understand is when we say Medicare for
all that we're talking about and
expanded and improved Medicare for all
it's not the Medicare that's in place
right now you know we won't have the
ridiculous co-pays and the lack of
coverage for people under retirement age
that this will be expanded and approved
and then the next we have to address
that we're hearing a lot again is that
well look what's happening in other
countries and they're all coming to
United States for health care that is
really just not correct or factual no
one in Mastro's is coming from Canada to
United States to pay ten times the
amount to pay a Canada for their health
care and we've seen more recently people
coming out and especially even during
the State of the Union Canadians were
you know coming out in droves saying
this is totally inaccurate you know we
don't have huge wait times we actually
have very adequate health care and what
they're fighting against actually is to
not have their health care system look
similar to the United States health care
we see they're also happening in England
you know they're working hard to ensure
that they're fighting against having
for-profit health care come in and
undermine the system that they have that
serve that serves their needs you know
these are all talking points trying to
use scare tactics so that we you know
that so that we don't buy into that
Healthcare is a human right and there is
an ethical way of providing health care
for everyone but not only ensures that
you don't have people like my daughter
dying from the lack of health care but
it also saves our government but it will
save it's 17 trillion dollars over ten
years and so these are all talking
points that they're putting out there
shape
you know the lobbyists on the insurance
companies are very strong and they have
people crafting messages all the time
and what's most discerning is that we
see some Democrats even adopting some of
this terminology such as it will be bad
for our veterans it would be bad for
military members these are all false
facts that are not accurate you know
being a military spouse and I'm you know
also my ask me being you know it's tend
to be retired for the military you know
ice and skin and that they making sure
that we have benefits for our veterans
and I can tell you that you know these
these two proposals that we have right
now in the house as well as in the
Senate do not affect you know the VA or
military families they will they propose
that they look at it at a later date to
see if it makes sense to bring it in
under Medicare for all but that's at a
later date but these are the tactics are
using you know and that's what we have
to be really cognitive you know where
are we getting this messaging from and
who is behind it because they're going
to do everything they can to undermine
that regressive platform whether it's
health care whether it's you know unions
whether it's you know making sure that
we have a Federal jobs guarantee or
immigration all of these things will be
under attack and they will come out with
you know speaking points to undermine
these well let me just before we let you
go how is how are the people responding
to you and I met you personally so I I'm
gonna guess people are responding to you
very positively wherever you go is that
the case yes for the most part yes
there's a lot of excitement we have
people coming up to me that are really
touched by the story of my daughter's
death due to a lot of health insurance a
lot of people actually can understand
and
what I'm hearing from a lot of people is
that it is bringing them hope a lot of
people that have even exited you know
just not even interested in
participating in politics on any level
or actually coming back in we've had
over 500 volunteers sign up in the last
month and a half people are coming out
because they understand that where I'm
coming from as a place of authenticity
you know I didn't come into this
thinking I was ever going to be a
politician that was never my intention I
unfortunately you know had a great
tragic loss but I learned from other
people or inspirational you know such as
Nina Turner and some of the activists
within PDA and other groups how to turn
that pain into actual power and to use
the voice no matter how small your
contribution is all of us have a voice
and can be part of that change going
forward we can take tragedy and turn it
into a movement and make sure that we're
telling the stories of those who have
been victims and never let them just
become a statistic that is what is
powerful in my campaign is that you know
I'm not allowing my daughter become a
statistic and I'm not I'm going to work
as hard as I can to make sure no matter
what form of injustice someone's
undergoing that they are not going to
suffer the same kind of pain that my
family has had to suffer and endure Amy
I your message is super compelling and
you're the authentic character I really
appreciate that you're running for
Congress and we wish you all the best of
luck Amy vilela she's running for
Congress in Nevada's fourth District and
we'll put a link to her website
underneath this video thank you very
much Amy for being with us thank you so
much for having me
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
