two of Rob Porter's former wives have
spoken to the media and alleged that he
was abusive toward them of course
reporter is now a former White House
aide he was actually the staff secretary
and he worked very closely with John
Kelly in the Trump administration but
following these allegations he did
decide to step down and we have the
details of what was alleged against him
now Rob Porter a top aide to President
Donald Trump physically assaulted both
of his previous wives according to the
two women Porter's first wife said she
was physically abused for years
providing a photograph she took of
herself after she said Porter hit her
while on vacation in Florence Italy a
photo she also shared with the FBI and
this is reporting by the intercept but
the story was originally broken or was
though Daily Mail originally broke the
story so his first wife is Colby
Holderness and we're about to show you
the photo that she provided as evidence
of the abuse that she faced while she
was with Rob Porter here it is so you
can see that she has a black eye so let
me give two piece of context here first
of all Rob Porter's job was incredibly
important he's the one who determined
what went on Trump's desk and what
didn't
now in the old days when Steve Bannon
and that circus was in town they would
slip in all sorts of articles from
extreme right-wing web sites that had no
credibility at all and then Trump would
start tweeting about it it would affect
us policy john kelly basically put an
end to that and actually tried to put
mainly facts on his desk and the guy who
was supposed to do that was robert so
that is why the lunatics in the White
House don't like Rob order and they want
to be able to put whatever their agenda
is on Trump's desk and he also Rob
Porter also off the right part of the
State of the Union he was so he was an
integral part of of trumps White House
now the fact that even crazier people
don't like him doesn't mean he didn't do
it okay and there is a lot of evidence
here now he what he says he didn't do it
all this charges are false and he says
that picture had nothing to do with him
hitting his wife it was some about
something else and that he's
who took the picture now a lot of
Republican senators or at least one
Republican senator Orrin Hatch believes
him John Kelly the chief of staff
believes him and had they've gotten
themselves a significant trouble for
saying so but Anna's got more evidence
of what he might have done and it is and
it's not just as two wives but also the
woman he was dating after the two wives
right well so we'll get to that in just
a minute but Colby Holderness continued
to tell the intercept he only punched me
once in the eye he threw me down on the
bed and punched me in the face I think
he was shocked that he had just lost
control to that extent she also talked
about what the relationship was like
throughout the marriage up until then he
had always done it in a way that didn't
leave marks I don't know if that was
conscious or not he would get angry and
throw me down on a soft surface to his
credit it was always a soft surface like
a couch or bed and he woke and he would
lay on top of me shaking me or rubbing
an elbow or a knee into me he graduated
to choking me not ever hard enough to
make me pass out or frankly to leave
marks but it was frightening and
dehumanizing her accusations are a
little more severe than his second wife
his second wife said that he had gotten
physical with her once
after they were arguing with one another
she left to go take a shower and he
essentially dragged her out of the
shower and you know physically forced
her to continue arguing with him but she
said the second wife that he was
certainly emotionally abusive and we're
gonna hear from her now she actually
wrote a blog post about her relationship
with Rob Porter last year but she didn't
name who he was now Reese reporters did
some digging they found that blog post
and they essentially confronted his
second wife about it and she did confirm
that she was in fact writing about Rob
Porter
now here's what she had said the first
time he called me a fucking bitch was on
our honeymoon a month later he
physically prevented me from leaving the
house less than two months after that I
filed a protective order with the police
because he punched in the glass
in our front door while I was locked
inside so again even though she says
that he had gotten physical with her
about one time he had done other things
physically there punching things or
yelling at her screaming at her that she
found abusive as well
she also said in the first weeks and
months his explanation for his anger was
that his first marriage had been very
toxic rooted in arguments accusations
and manipulation and he was Kari and he
was carrying over from that relationship
he would say that he was so used to
being treated this way by his ex-wife
that he was projecting that on me on to
me that was his explanation so he
apparently didn't want to take
responsibility for his own actions and
decided to blame his previous wife for
the fact that he was abusive to his
second wife this that's also all the
worst excuse I've ever heard since I
used to yell at my ex-wife I was had to
yell at you as well but my ex-wife made
me yell at her
so I'm now taking it out on you Wow you
got to work on your excuses man now the
question of the third woman came up so I
wanted to address that as well because a
third woman who is not identified who
works in politics apparently reached out
to Porter's previous wives both of them
and needed advice because apparently she
was experiencing some abusive behavior
that she was concerned about I work in
politics and despite Rob's repeated
abuse some of which I think many know
about he continues to rise and I'm
afraid to go against him I'm sorry to
bother you I wanted to reach out and
hear your story if you are willing to
share as well as how you broke out of it
with him and mostly how you recovered
she continued to say Rob was abusive
degrading a liar and a cheater and
during the course of my relationship
with him I found out that he was two
others too I am just reaching out for
someone who might be able to relate to
the hell I have gone through now again
we don't know who this third woman is we
don't know anything about her other than
the fact that she reached out to his
ex-wives to get some advice so Rob
Porter is finally resigned
even though John Kelly didn't want him
to an initially defendant of John Kelly
is of course the chief of staff list so
there's a couple of implications here
look I
the Daily Mail breaking the stories is
weird not say that they can't break any
stories but it's a strange place for
these stories to be coming from John
Kelly has enemies within the White House
Rob Porter's of John Kelly Ally so might
they be stoking these fires yes now okay
but that doesn't affect whether they're
actually true or not right and so now
the his supporters who are all right
wingers say no he's a swell guy
these don't look like stories he can't
out of a swell guy now he can have his
day in court and if the and if they
pursue charges against them then well
he'll have due process and we'll figure
out what actually happened but in terms
of the other part of this story is the
the fact that there that he didn't get
security clearance because the FBI knew
about this and they had talked to his
two wives about a domestic abuse that he
had had in his past and that is one of
the things that blocks sometimes
security clearance but he's looking at
the most top-secret stuff we have as
he's handing it to the president he has
access to all that information and and
Chris Liu is a former cabinet secretary
under President Obama said this is
further evidence of a non-existent
vetting process in the White House what
happened to extreme betting they do
extreme betting of innocent people and
you've got to hear a guy who's beat his
wife apparently according allegations
has been a couple of his wives and
didn't even get a security clearance and
he's seeing top-secret information yeah
he exactly exactly so for anyone who was
livid about the fact that Hillary
Clinton was using a private email server
and was dealing with classified
information in an insecure unsecure way
well consider the fact that we have an
individual within the White House who
had no security clearance looking at
this highly classified information or
material could you imagine it's just a
bomb a white house they had
a man who was accused of beating his
wives
let's make him black in this
hypothetical and he beat a couple of his
wives so he couldn't even get security
clearance but Obama's handing him
top-secret information every single day
it would have been the biggest scandal
in Obama's White House but you can say
that with almost any Trump scandal so
there's a little bit of a twist to this
story and I really want to share it with
you guys because I do think it's
relevant in terms of how you see Trump
in this particular story so Vanity Fair
spoke to anonymous sources that
essentially said that when Trump found
out about what was going on he was livid
not just livid at Rob Porter or John
Kelly
but livid at Hope Hicks because he
apparently did not know that Rob Porter
had this past and be the White House
initially sent out a statement defending
Rob Porter and it was drafted by hope
Hicks who's his head of communication
and she did not get the green light from
Trump so according to these sources who
spoke to Vanity Fair Trump was not happy
about the fact that that was the
statement released without his
permission ahead of time also another
little bit of a twist
hope Hicks is alleged to be dating
reporter so it seems as though she might
be protecting him by you know defending
him in that statement well one last
important twist there are rumors which
we have not discussed before but that
are relevant to this story now and
that's why I bring it up that Donald
Trump is having an affair with hope
Hicks so that might be another reason
why he is furious at hope Hicks for
giving an unauthorized statement about
Rob Porter it might not be that he's mad
about the statement it might be that
he's mad that she's defending someone
else that she might be having an affair
with so it's an absolute mess I don't
know that Trump is actually doing that
and it seems I feel terrible for hope
aches of that rumor exists I hope to god
it's not true and I have no idea if it
is or not but it would explain the level
of anger that Trump has over this issue
of
why's I mean Steve Wynn one of his top
donors accused of this you know sexual
harassment sexual assault Trump doesn't
care ROI more accused of monstrous
things he doesn't care all of a sudden
he cares about this right and and I
always go back to this phrase because it
makes so much sense that you know the
phrase that Anthony scaramouche II used
when referring to the White House the
fish rots from the head down and we knew
exactly what type of person Trump was
while he was campaigning we knew exactly
how he referred to women how he poked
fun at their weight how he called them
pigs how he bragged about groping them
without their consent and now he has
attracted you know a cabinet full of
deplorable men who have a disgusting
history of being abusive to women and so
I'm not surprised by any of these
allegations and I don't care how
reasonable people like John Kelly or Rob
Porter seem relative to all the insane
people within Trump's White House
they're all the same it all depends on
you know how they act publicly and how
they speak about certain issues publicly
but behind the scenes their behavior
speaks volumes what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
