now Democrats and Republicans have been
haggling over the budget for quite some
time now there was a brief government
shutdown the Democrats panicked and I
gave in there there's an extension
well now we're at a point where they've
got to make a deal okay god help us now
on corporate media you'll hear that they
reached a bipartisan deal and that's
great because Washington is back to
doing bipartisan deals hold wait till
you see what's in the deal and what's
not in the deal before you make that
decision so we go to Reuters again here
the US Senate and House of
Representatives were expected to vote on
a proposed budget deal on Thursday that
would avert another government shutdown
but that has angered fiscal
conservatives who complain it would lead
to a 1 trillion dollar deficit you guys
so long as that cost the cause the one
and a half trillion dollar deficit with
your tax cuts all of a sudden you care
about the deficit we'll get back to that
in a second because that's very
important now let's look at the
Democrats position Reuters says Liberal
Democrats meanwhile oppose the deal
because it does not include an agreement
to protect from deportation hundreds of
thousands of dreamers young people
brought it illegally to the United
States as children in fact Nancy Pelosi
did an 8 hour non official kind of
filibuster in the house there are no
real filibusters in the house but she
did she stood up and and she made an
impassioned plea on behalf of those
dreamers so she's against this deal ok
that's to her credit
will they get enough Democrats to sign
on cuz they've lost a lot of Republicans
I'll get to why they lost him in a
minute but yes Reuters declares it a
rare bipartisan deal it's not that rare
whenever the donors stand to make money
there will be a bipartisan deal and here
the defense contractors are gonna make a
ton a'money and the Dallas here - why
the establishment both on the Republican
Democratic side want this deal well how
do they are they gonna get majorities to
sign on to this deal well the Reuters
says it would stave off a government
shutdown before a Thursday night
deadline and extend the federal
government's debt ceiling until March of
2019 putting off for more than a
year the risk of debt default by the
United States I will translate for you
in other words the markets are already
crashing we don't let them to crash
further our donors are in a panic and
they are instructing all the people that
they financed in the Republican and
Democratic Party make a goddamn deal I
don't care what's in the deal just make
it because I don't want the markets to
panic ok now we go to the Democrats John
tester says he's a Democratic senator
from Montana we don't want the perfect
to get in the road of the good really
good perfect
Democrats are gonna get something
perfect for them inconceivable
alright but is it even good what's in it
the agreement would allow for a hundred
and sixty five billion dollars in extra
defense spending unbelievable and a
hundred and thirty 1 billion dollars
more for non-military programs including
health infrastructure disaster relief
and efforts to tackle an opioid crisis
in the country
well how about daca the the bill meant
to protect dreamers nope not in there
any other democratic priorities net
neutrality protecting social security
you name it nope not in there and the
165 billion is extra on top of what we
already spend in defense that's not the
whole defense budget that's extra ok so
they explain what's so attractive to the
Democrats there are a lot of other items
in the package that are attractive to
Democrats including money for the opioid
crisis let's just break those down one
by one why is that why do the
Republicans not care about money for the
opioid crisis they hate you and don't
want to address that crisis dancers yes
they don't care at all and I wish that
it wasn't in there that's a fact those
are that would they argue against it
disaster aid so why is that a win for
the Democrats should the Republicans and
Democrats both want disaster aid
disaster hit yes in Puerto Rico but also
in Texas and Florida that voted for
Republicans why is that a big thing that
Democrats are won on more children's
health insurance program funding yes
it's true the Republicans are monsters
and cut funding for that program but I
still I mean that used to be bipartisan
why is that a big win for their
Democrats and then last think community
health center funding and then a
non-defense spending boost so also
community health centers so is it look
let's at least be clear about it if the
Democratic priorities are protect people
who suffered disasters protect children
who are sick and and and and treat the
opioid crisis and a Republicans fought
against that than be clear the
Republicans don't want those things in
return for extra money for their defense
contractor donors they said all right
fine I guess help the American people a
little bit otherwise if the Republicans
claim they agree to all that and you
will see them in press conference to say
oh yeah of course we're always for chip
over here at crisis and you know Trump
declared a national emergency were in
favor of it then why is it a trade it's
not a trade at all
in other words the Democrats got nothing
nothing
otherwise do one by one we vote on each
one of them let's see Republicans are
you for children's health insurance or
aren't you
let's have a clean vote on it no instead
they put it in pretend they're in favor
of it and then at the same time pretend
that while we gave it to the Democrats
what could we do we gave them so many
things god damn it and by the way press
cover it accurately all right so now we
go to a Republican congressman Warren
Davidson he says it's not like
Republicans aren't concerned about
disaster relief or Republicans aren't
concerned about funding community health
centers or dealing with the opioid
crisis can you sense a but is coming but
when you add them all up it adds to an
awful lot of spending it's not
compassionate to bankrupt America in
other words you're not in favor of it
that's why you wanted to vote no and you
see it as a big giant concession to the
Democrats ah sick kids I mean they're
not millionaire donors at all what do I
get from helping them from the for the
giant taxes for the rich I know what I
get are you campaign contributions I get
dark money I get independent
expenditures later I'll get hired by
those guys they give me millions at us
sick kids I don't even have a lot
so is it a concession to the Democrats
or are you in favor of it and the bottom
line is they are not in favor of it and
he says it's not compassionate to
bankrupt America I would like to remind
you that the Republicans just voted to
bankrupt America and put a one and a
half trillion dollar tax cut for the
rich and create a one and a half
trillion dollar deficit for the rich so
it's compassionate to bankrupt America
for the rich but not compassionate to
bankrupt America for sick kids and and
to treat the opioid crisis okay
but the deeply right-wing Republicans
the freedom caucus etc say No No Deal
we're still voting against it what a GOP
sources we need to take care of our
defense guys just gave them another
hundred and sixty five billion let me
show you what the chart looked like
before the new money before the new
hundred and sixty five that's the US
defense spending up top there
that's all other countries top eight
countries after us combined do not inkle
our old budget let alone our new budget
with an extra hundred and sixty five
billion dollars our defense spending is
outrageously high anything goes to the
troops you know what a private makes in
a in the army when he first gets in
nineteen thousand bucks it's not about
taking our care of our defense guys
unless you mean defense contractor guys
then yes it is about that billions of
dollars for Lockheed Martin billions of
dollars for Boeing but nineteen thousand
dollars for the soldiers they never
cared about the troops it was always a
lie if you're an actual American citizen
the Republicans will crap all over you
but you're a rich donor tax cuts for you
okay moat Brooke still looks at this
deal and Deuce nope he says I'm not only
a no I'm a hell no he says Justin Amash
says I urge every American is speaking
out against this fiscal insanity this is
fiscal insanity one and a half trillion
dollars added to the deficit because you
wanted your
rich donors to get tax cuts and then
they have the nerve a couple of weeks
later to say oh oh my god I care so much
about the budget and the deficits and by
the way reporters why are you letting
them get away with it every time these
sons of bitches talk about the deficit
go didn't you just create a one and a
half trillion dollar hole in the deficit
wasn't it you Justin on my since you
vote for it just so much why are you
pretending to care about the deficit
because I know based on your vote just a
couple of weeks ago you didn't care at
all when you were giving it to the
wrench so please save me your crocodile
tears about a fiscal insanity mo Brooks
said it's a debt junkies dream this bill
and debt junkies dream is one and a half
trillion dollars the deficit so that
your donors could get more tax breaks
these guys are the worst one last one
from Brooks he said all I know is that
unfortunately those who vote for the
this bill are betraying our country's
future and they are selling out our kids
and our grandkids get a load of what a
scumbag mo Brooks is so he says giving
health insurance to sick kids is selling
out kids but giving tax cuts to the rich
is not selling our kids oh man in 2027
83 percent of the tax break goes to the
top one percent well even today the top
one percent gets on average over fifty
thousand dollars and breaks Paul Ryan
brags about well you got a dollar fifty
a week they're getting over fifty
thousand dollars every single year and
that's actually low you're not even
those are the that's on average for the
top one percent the higher you go the
bigger the breaks are the Koch brothers
are getting billions of dollars in
breaks and then you pretend to care
about the deficit and you pretend to
care about the kids no no no well every
one of those guys in the freedom caucus
that voted for those taxes for the rich
are absolute liars never cared about the
deficit and they don't care about the
deficit now what their priorities are
protect the rich protect the military
military-industrial complex
protect every one of our
donors and take it out on the kids take
it out on average American citizens
that's what the Republican Party and
that's not an opinion that's a fact
based on their voting it's a fact
Young Turks if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash
joined get the whole younger so every
day
