members of the military are currently in
the beginning phases of planning for a
military parade something that Donald
Trump called for after experiencing
Bastille Day in France now again this is
in its infancy we don't know too many
details about how this parade will
happen or how much money it will cost
but recent estimates indicate that we
will be spending millions of dollars in
taxpayer money to fund this ridiculous
parade Trump wants to showcase some of
our artillery and other weapons and
military capabilities during this parade
and what we know so far is that one
option being considered is to hold the
parade in November in conjunction with
the 100th anniversary of the ending of
World War 1 on November 11th 1918
Pentagon officials though are pushing
for something a little different they
want the parade to be tied to veterans
day rather than Independence Day or
Memorial Day because it would appear to
be less tied to Trump also planners will
now look not only at dates and locations
for the parade but also whether it is
feasible to hold a parade displaying
large weaponry such as tanks on
Pennsylvania Avenue again this is
something that Trump has been pushing
for and now it appears that people are
taking him seriously and it is likely to
happen but there are people on the right
that are not too pleased about this and
I want you to hear from them now there
was a funny exchange that happened
between Fox News military analyst
Colonel Ralph Peters and Fox host Bill
Hemmer Bill Hemmer seems to love the
idea of this parade and he thought that
hey our military analyst is gonna love
it too right we're gonna honor our
troops not so much take a look well what
do you think of the idea to go ahead and
show off the American might perhaps even
down Pennsylvania Avenue well the French
march will we fight well
take your pick if we really want to
honor our troops and support them pass
the defense budget give them
tools and the funding they need you know
the I understand the president can be
infatuated with the military regalia and
trappings it's very seductive but we
have a different tradition here when we
do have military parades we do honor the
troops it focuses on the human element
not heavy metal war machines rolling
down the streets of American cities and
by the way bill on a very practical
level if you want to stage a huge parade
you are taking troops away from their
training just throwing away the training
schedules is expensive the money can be
better spent elsewhere
I enjoy that the honesty and he's right
he's right this is a waste of taxpayer
money we are you know and it's also what
dictatorial regimes do right we kind of
speak to that Senator John Kennedy who
not the original one as currently of
Louisiana said this today on the
military parade confidence is silent
insecurities are loud he's a Republican
when you are the most powerful nation in
all of human history who do not have to
show it off like Russia does so what
you're saying like North Korea and China
which is exactly right this is a
ridiculous yeah it's an Eastern Bloc
move it's a it's a move of insecure
dictators yeah we've seen it in flashes
presumed regimes to the time yeah it's
it's awful and everybody must know this
even the Pentagon which is supposedly as
as Anna says in the primordial ooze of
putting it all together they know that
it's that it's a colossal waste but
remember this is coming from a president
who loves to waste taxpayer money he
goes to Marlo go that costs a fortune he
goes to New York that cost a fortune his
wife stays in New York while he's at the
White House that costs another fortune
even just for the weekend that's gonna
cost him bigger fortune but I just I
mean I mean who doesn't love a parade
but sorry this is ludicrous
right so Bill Hemmer did not like the
answer that he received from their very
own military analyst and he tried to
push back against what was said take a
look at this wonderful exchange if you
watch the other members of the media
reporting this story you don't they talk
about hey
where they have military parades Moscow
and North Korea suggesting that that's
the whole idea
the idea came from the French last year
let's let's be on it let's be fair about
it Kyle
well of course gonna be fair about it
but you know they they're right that the
people that parade weapons are the North
Koreans are the Russians and you know to
us this this is not the parade weapons
as if it's some sort of offensive
gesture Colonel this is red white and
blue right bill I've served in the
military for almost 22 years and listed
man and officer and let me tell you I
value our tradition of civilian control
of the military the military being
representative of our society not apart
from it so I really respect you know the
Colonel's statements there because he's
not going along with what those on the
writer saying about it he's pushing back
and I think it's important to do that
look this sounds like a funny story on
on the surface but I'm genuinely
concerned when you look at everything in
context I mean especially when you
consider Trump's statements regarding
Democrats refusing to clap and stand
during the State of the Union and how he
said that that qualifies as treason
I mean his rhetoric the things that he's
supportive of the things that he pushes
for I feel like take the country back
significantly and put us in in scary
territory like authoritarian regime
territory that he's attracted to this
stuff is amazing yeah this is beyond
just a parade right this is a military
parade that's different and I looked all
day long for Donald Trump comments on
the Puerto Rican Day Parade in New York
over the years which is always caused
consternation from people who live on
Fifth Avenue where the Puerto Ricans
come and march up and down and everybody
who lives on Fifth Avenue complains
about it so I was looking for some great
nugget of how Donald Trump thinks there
shouldn't be a parade into his fairness
I couldn't find the facts on that nugget
but but I can't tell you this is not
just a parade that's my instinct is that
this is to flex to show off it is the
goose-stepping it is the weapons it's
it's evocative of the war
of the worst and I'm glad that some real
conservatives are finding it that way
too
yes and look let's be honest about this
Donald Trump is doing this he wants to
throw a party for himself that's right
that's thrown by the military which he
knows he's wrapped himself in to create
this patina of patriotism we know that
you know real patriotism comes with
other stuff but that's what this is it's
a party thrown by Donald Trump's
military for Donald Trump that's what he
wants but even his military I believe
doesn't want to do this and is looking
for some exit on it and we'll just have
to see it was the drummer in Pitino
Patriots patina patriotism was my high
school band
that's all right well even Brian
Kilmeade is against this parade he
thinks it's a waste of money so again
there are other conservatives that are
speaking out against it and by the way
it's gonna cost millions of dollars and
it's interesting to see those on the
right supportive of something like this
a parade to show off military weaponry
when they are so against funding
entitlements programs because you know
who cares about American citizens and
taking care of our own
or even funding programs for the
military military vets who have records
suicide rates right who have record
opiate problems this is a this is a
group of people who could use that money
I mean and they could use it not in the
form of a parade they could use it in
the form of treating some of those
issues that's what the colonel said it's
like fun the military on this budget if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
