two more of Brett Cavanaugh's former
classmates have decided to withdraw
support following the hearing involving
his testimony now these two individuals
are very clear in saying that they are
not withdrawing support because of these
specific allegations but they find that
his testimony is problematic especially
given the fact that you could
potentially be the newest Supreme Court
justice so I want to read from the
letter that they put out and their two
males Michael J Proctor and Mark Osler
are the two people who have withdrawn
support under the current circumstances
we fear that partisanship has injected
itself into judge Cavanaugh's candidacy
that and the lack of judicial
temperament displayed on September 27th
caused us to withdraw our support they
continue to write the reason for our
withdraw is not the truth or falsity of
dr. Ford's allegations which are still
being investigated but rather was the
nature of Judge Cavanaugh's testimony in
our view that testimony was partisan and
not judicious and inconsistent with what
we expect from a Justice of the Supreme
Court particularly when dealing with a
co-equal branch of government you might
be surprised to find out I'm torn about
this one and I'll tell you why well two
reasons why one is as I've told you all
along I actually don't believe any of
the judges that go for confirmation they
all say they're not political and the
Liberals wind up being liberal and the
Conservatives are not being conservative
and not on even judicial issues I don't
think that they're even conservative
judicially they just find a way to get
to the political result that they want
all those Republicans for decades
talking about states rights and then in
Bush v Gore they want a bush to be
President so they ignored Florida states
rights they trampled on it with no
hesitation at all there's some ripped-up
that concept like yeah whatever dude
we're Republicans Bush is a Republican
we're gonna make it president we're
gonna make you stop counting the votes
if they had by the way continued to
count we found out later Gore had won
the electoral college as well as the
popular vote so I this whole idea that
the judges are neutral nor care about
politics Cavanaugh's was a political
apparatchik and and that's what he was
known for he was carros hatchet man so
you're telling me that all of a sudden
you're worried about Cavanaugh being
partisan of course he's partisan so who
are we kidding on that front and and so
by the way not as deeply as he is and as
viciously as he is and not as not the
same track record but the Liberals are
also part is that they're also liberal
right so I I think that there is a
distinction so I agree
I mean Supreme Court justices are humans
and they have political views and
there's no there's no question that
those political views do bleed into some
of the decisions that they make however
I think that Brent Cavanaugh's testimony
showed a certain level of disdain toward
the left that is is different from what
we've seen from other Supreme Court
justices do you see what I'm saying like
yeah he was very clear in his hate no
but that was a point to it there is a
caveat here but the point to is look if
I thought the Republicans were doing a
hatchet job on me and making up stories
that weren't true that we're devastating
to to me my reputation my family I'd be
mad too
and and so and and I would attack the
Republicans and let's keep it real that
he's a Republican through and through is
a massive right-wing Republican of
course he hates the Democrats so and if
if I thought they were making up stuff
about May I'd hate them too so on the
other hand the one thing that gave me
pause though in that defense is when he
was talking about the how there was a
Clinton conspiracy okay no no no now
you're bordering like you're trying to
play up to trump so that he'll have your
back but now we're getting to political
machinations in the middle of your
testimony that you don't necessarily
even believe to be true or if you do
you're a weirdo but remember Kavanaugh
is kind of a weirdo
during the Ken Starr proceedings not
only did he you want to ask Clinton the
raunchiest questions about his sex life
he also wonder we investigate this
Foster's death okay that was after five
investigations not in the beginning and
after five investigations he's like yeah
maybe the Clintons killed Vince Foster
that's cuckoo for cocoa puffs so and he
said earlier in the proceedings on me
I'm not partisan at all
balls and strikes and then he comes out
drank beer and I hate you guys Clinton's
right well okay now we got an
inconsistency overall I would still say
not guilty on the anger and not guilty
on the partisanship because they all are
but on the kookiness and not having the
temperament and I am being judicious in
terms of sanity that I have a real issue
with if you believe in these crazy
conspiracy theories about Vince Foster
and how the Clintons are doing a
conspiracy against you now the Clintons
around the woods dude they lost they're
gone
so that's the problem that that's a part
that concerns me most it is amazing how
the right wing will try hard and also
succeed in launching multiple
investigations into whatever they
perceive to be wrongdoing by the left
right so you brought up a Hillary
Clinton and Benghazi they would not drop
in Ghazi there were multiple
investigations on that alone but when it
comes to Kavanaugh and very serious
sexual assault allegations no no
investigation no investigation we're
gonna skirt it I'm gonna mention that
I'm willing to participate in the
investigation in my opening statement
but then later skirt that issue over and
over and over again remember it was the
Republicans who had to be forced or
pressured into doing this FBI
investigation into those allegations why
why if you think he's innocent you have
a funny way of showing it look I even I
get tired of politics sometimes and we
got to clean it up otherwise this is
gonna be unbearable because look could
you have investigated Obama on other
things so part of the reason of
investigating Obama in Benghazi was try
to pin it on Hillary Clinton because
they knew she was gonna run for
president yeah you could have
investigated him on the signature
strikes from the drones yep that killed
innocent civilians and you could have
made a huge deal about whose civilians
were killed first responders sometimes
we were killed what you know and you
could have had nine hearings about that
hey did you know that you're doing drone
strikes without knowing who the target
is that is what a signature strike is
when you don't know who you're bombing
you're bombing a cellphone or some sort
of electronic equipment and whoever
happens to be holding it
that would be interesting hearings we
would back you up on those hearings
because unlike these partisan hacks on
either side we actually do have
principles but they didn't do any of
those hearings all we have is just
nonsense partisanship back and forth
they're all wildly inconsistent and
hypocritical and it's exhausting two
easy ways for young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
