so Vanity Fair has an interesting
article from Gabriel Sherman about
Donald Trump and more internal drama at
the White House now this could have huge
consequences depending on how it shakes
out because I believe Donald Trump is in
stable unstable
Otho again he claims to be a very stable
genius and that in fact it's one of his
top two traits in his life that he has
mental stability if you got a brag about
that you might have stories like this so
we go to Vanity Fair
after the much hype newness memo failed
to deliver the narrative reset of the
White House hope for Donald Trump is
discussing a shake-up to his West Wing
three sources familiar with the
president thinking told me these people
say the president is increasingly
frustrated that members of his
administration aren't going to war for
him and he's being encouraged by his
daughter Ivanka to bring in new blood
excellent that's what I like to hear now
here's why now look it's a little bit
dangerous John Kelly is the only guy
keeping this guy on an even keel John
Kelly's his chief of staff former
general and I'm not a fan of John Kelly
I think it's deeply right-wing that's
why he's part of the Trump
administration but at least he's not a
lunatic so he has kept out a lot of the
crazies from the White House tried to
keep Donald Trump as even-tempered as he
could possibly do which is an unenviable
task without John Kelly these clowns
will go to war with each other again
they'll form more circular firing squads
there'll be more leaks than ever and
Donald Trump will become more unstable
than ever the reason I say it's
dangerous is because of course he's the
president of United sense states and has
access to nuclear weapons and that's the
main concern about Donald Trump the good
part of that is that a you can speed up
the clock for when he's leaving office
if John Kelly goes tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick
until Trump blows himself up hopefully
he doesn't blow off the world along with
him and not the economy but but
certainly his own administration so
which leads us to a GOP source that says
that Trump and some of his closer
advisors are frustrated with John Kelly
because quote it's
like Kelly views Trump as a mushroom he
wants to keep him in the dark and feed
him a bunch of shit well what else would
you do with Trump what do you want to do
oh yeah Donald go out there and tweet
like crazy you got him dog oh go on
non Fox News shows absolutely remember
when you went on NBC and admitted that
you fired the FBI director because he
was conducting an investigation of
Russia and your connections which was
obstruction of justice that you admitted
publicly how about it Hoss do more of
that you're a genius you got this Donald
of course you have to keep him in the
dark and then show all Donald man things
are going great are you kidding me
whatever you do you don't need to tweet
you don't need to go on TV everything's
great just keep it going talk to
congressmen where you could tell them
different things every other sentence
and confuse the hell out of them and
make things harder for the Republicans
no you don't need to talk to congressmen
so look I think Kelly's the only thing
keeping this place together
and it looks like they've got their
knives out for him so it's two a couple
of ships here and see where it winds up
here we go Trump has recently told
advisers he wants a killer to continue
the analogy to steer the White House's
response to Robert Moses investigation
and craft a midterm election message for
him to stomp on this fall John Kelly was
a general but apparently not killer
enough at the end I'll tell you who he
thinks are the real killers that ought
to be great so who's driving this look
at this evanka who has been frustrated
with chief of staff John Kelly has told
her father that he needs people around
him that will put his interests above
their own quote she wants the clean
house a Trump friend told me you know it
was this theory that Ivanka Trump was a
smart one in the Trump family now that
is a low bar have you seen her father
have you seen her brothers so but it
turns out her and Jared Kushner her
husband are going around shipping all of
their political enemies
the Whitehouse bannon's gone some of the
base I mean not much of the base but he
at least could help craft messages for
the base so that's gone previous was
with the establishment he's gone
you know Shana spices got everybody's
got a score mu Qi Gong Gong Gong Gong
and and and so if you're wondering who
who shipped them all well the last man
standing
or in this case last woman standing your
vodka the one person he'll never ever
fire it's his daughter the one person
that he cherishes outside of himself so
now she's frustrated that she's not in
charge and that John Kelly's in charge
so here come you know a couple of
homemade ships that have got John Kelly
written all over it but once you fire
him too
who's left with experience in the White
House who's ever done this before so now
you're gonna have Ivanka and Jared
running the whole White House recipe for
disaster
more where that came from in recent
weeks Trump has publicly class clashed
with chief of staff John Kelly after
Kelly took a more active role in White
House policymaking and messaging now why
why they clash because John Kelly said
some things on television that were sane
and Trump did not like that he's like
why is it he defending me a hundred
percent and calling me as stable genius
and why is he telling everybody the
Democrats are all traitors and notes
well cuz he has a shred of credibility
and and not much decency but a little
bit and he feels bad about saying things
that are patently untrue and ridiculous
so Trump of course is furious with them
Kelly's not gonna help his cause because
today mono Raju from CNN reporting John
Kelly on whether Trump has read the
shift memo that is the Democrats
answered a Nunez memo about the FBI
quote no no it's quite lengthy
we are told it's ten pages so Trump will
get mad at that he's saying I didn't
read a memo because it was ten pages
long did you read the memo no why
there's 10 pages long but he shouldn't
say that he should say I'm a stable
genius and that I'm like
a smart person okay so tick-tick-tick
tick-tick-tick your pick
so he gets her to Kelly who's he gonna
bring in brace for impact according to
the sources Trump speaks regularly by
phone with a quote unquote brain trust
that includes shot Hannity newsy Jason
Miller Corey Lewandowski rice pre mrs.
bag look at that an RNC chairwoman
Ronna Romney McDonald I mean McDaniel
he's like she sounds delicious I like
Ronald McDonald a lot bring her it okay
that's good
I'm gonna bring rice back in I don't
know why I kind of miss old fella I like
to make fun of how shorty was which is
what he used to do when he was in it
okay okay
that's a murderous row of idiots you get
rid of John Kelly you're bringing those
guys tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
look we had the stock market go down
significantly on on Monday at Friday and
Monday come back up a little bit today
but still overall an absolute mess
overinflated just like we told you
we've got his poll numbers and are not
they peaked at 42% which is a terrible
number i guarante and then the poll
after that had already started to go
back down you've got Trump now going to
try to respond to troubles that he's
having if they get rid of Kelly and they
bring in these that they bring the old
circus back into town the level of
instability we're going to have is going
to be on precedent
if you thought 2017 was bad what you get
a lot of 2018 if these are the guys
inside the tent what you just watch was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
