now I've been telling you about
prosperity preachers for a while on the
show this creflo dollar there's Kenneth
Copeland and now we get to Kenneth
koba's wife Gloria Copeland she's gonna
step in to tell us what we should do
during flu season oh god help us all
maybe in this case literally so first
let me give you the context of flu
season and then I'll go to Copeland's
clip here nearly 12,000 people have been
hospitalized with confirmed cases of flu
and an increase of 3,000 in just one
week according to the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention the
latest report for the week ending
January 20th shows the rate of people
seeking care now rivals that of swine
flu pandemic of 2009 so we're at
pandemic levels so you should be careful
a lot of people die from this including
children I'll have those stats for you
in a little bit as well now is that the
direction that these preachers are gonna
go no Gloria Copeland is gonna go in a
completely different direction watch
listen partners we don't have a flu
season we've got a duck season a deer
season but we don't have a flu season
and don't receive it when somebody
threatens you with everybody's getting
the flu we've already had our shot he
bore our sicknesses and carried our
diseases that's what we stand on and by
his stripes we were healed if you've
already got the flu I'm gonna pray for
you right now father I pray for every
person that has symptoms of flu I'm
asking you Lord with your supernatural
power to heal them now from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet
flu abides you off of the people in the
name of Jesus Jesus himself gave us the
flu shot he redeemed us from the curse
of flu and we receive it and we take it
and we are healed by His stripes amen
except that you are not Jesus didn't
give you a flu shot
your doctors supposed to do that none of
that is true
that's why 12,000
people have been hospitalized a lot more
or sick but there's 12,000 people in the
hospital what happened I thought you'd
cured them all I thought Jesus cured him
2,000 years ago when he took it on their
wounds all of this is preposterous
mythology it would be the same if she
came out there and said oh no it's okay
because I Apollo already talked to
Athena and they have a deal that they
gave you the flu shot and you have been
cured that's purple none of that is true
okay so with tens of thousands of
patients flocking to hospitals and at
least 37 children dead this year's flu
season was shaping up to be the worst in
nearly a decade and it's not over yet
so the 37 kids that died that was
somehow part of Jesus's plan I said it's
a weird thing it almost seems like
you're blaming Jesus because if if it
was Jesus who was supposed to protect
them then I guess he failed look I'm not
the one putting it on Jesus you are so
did Jesus kill the kids what happened I
thought he already died for their sins
and their heels and their wounds I don't
know what since the kids have but they
they died they got families who were
heartbroken over it and these clowns you
know that the Copeland family they
raised over 30 million dollars for a
private jet I showed that to you a
couple of weeks ago they were exuberant
about it Kenneth Copeland going around
doing a little jig like we got the jet
thanks to Jesus they keep scamming you
and scamming you and it's one thing when
they rob you and you willingly give them
your money so they go around in private
jets one of the reasons they said they
needed a private jet was they didn't
want to go on a passenger airline with
the rest of us because that is they said
it's a tube filled with demons that's
how they look at you but they couldn't
leave well enough alone now they're
trying to get you to make sure that you
don't take a shot so that you or your
kids can get sick ah man to say it is
ungodly is an understatement
now another hand our government's
supposed to be protecting us what's
happening there the CDC which is in
charge
public health and disease prevention
would see his budget cut by 1.2 billion
dollars according to trump
administration that was a new story that
came out last week they're gonna cut the
CDC budget when we need it most
and here's Gloria Copeland with more
clownish antics so get on the words stay
on the word and if if you say well I
don't have any symptoms of the flu
well great that's the way it's supposed
to be just keep saying that I'll never
have the flu I'll never have the flu put
words inoculate yourself with the word
of God he himself bore my sicknesses
carried my diseases by his stripes
I was healed I am healed and Jesus is
Lord hallelujah Jesus Christ literally
if anybody else did this we would see
them for the lunatics that they are and
put any other religion and if there was
a Muslim preacher out there going oh no
you don't need a flu shot Allah already
saved you from the flu shot Muhammad
saved you from the flu shot don't get a
flu shot make sure your kids get sick
would say what kind of a monster is that
guy oh my god that's Sharia law don't
listen to if the Dalai Lama said ah I
say okay I namaste don't take a flu shot
we'd say okay Dalai Lama we love you
that you're for peace but that's crazy
talk again Zeus Apollo the Sun god of
the Persians it doesn't matter they're
not doctors none of that is true now we
go to mediate on a related note
megachurch that the televangelists
founded with her husband Kenneth
Copeland was the site of a severe
measles outbreak in 2013 the cause a
lack of vaccinations among its flock
don't listen to these scam artists they
are literally dangerous to your health
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
