Cynthia Nixon was recently getting some
recognition at the Human Rights Campaign
gala in New York and it's because of her
work in fighting for equality for the
LGBT community and there are some rumors
that she is flirting with the idea of
challenging Andrew Cuomo as governor of
New York and what I love about this
story is as she goes up there and gives
this speech and talks about issues that
matter Andrew Cuomo is in the audience
and she's essentially calling him out on
some of his failures in the state of New
York now here is some of what she had to
say we have to be more than the
anti-trump party speaking about
Democrats in 2018 we don't just need to
elect more Democrats we also need better
Democrats she called on the Democratic
Party nationally to pay more attention
to income inequality and abandon the
big-money interests that fund its
campaigns very cool
so again yes Ezra Cuomo was there and
and they both have their moment to speak
and she's saying all these things I'll
tell you what Andrew Cuomo decided to
talk about later but she also said the
following if we had bluer Democrats New
York wouldn't have the worst inequality
in the country for all the pride that we
take here in being such a blue state New
York has the single worst income
inequality of any state in the country
how can we know this fact and let it
stand without actively working to change
it so that's what she wanted to talk
about later Andrew Cuomo came up and
talked about social issues which is fair
it's a human rights campaign gala so we
talked about the LGBT community and look
I think those are issues that are
important to talk about but I think far
too often we see corporate Democrats
focus on those issues in an effort to
kind of distract on the income
inequality issue and yeah and oftentimes
those corporate Democrats will hide
behind minorities members who who happen
to be either women or minority from
minority group ethnically or LGBT
members so here's Cynthia Nixon going
yeah okay I'm part of the LGBT community
but I also have
progessive why can't we have both don't
hide okay just call it call it what it
is and Andrew Cuomo is on the biggest
corporate Democrats there is in the
country New York for all their blueness
has the worst voter suppression laws in
the country arguably worse than some of
the worst southern states you have to
register six months before any election
it's an effort to keep incumbents in
power because by the time you find out
about who's opposing an incumbent it's
already too late you had to have
registered months ago and they think
they're being cute it's not cute it's
voter suppression and if you're a
progressive you should hate it under any
and all circumstances you should want as
many people to vote as possible
including in Democratic primaries so if
I'm not enamored by celebrities so when
people talk about the rock or Oprah I
don't have any interest on the other
hand if you're going to be independent
and you're gonna push for a progressive
agenda then bless your heart in fact a
good example was in Kentucky Ashley Judd
was thinking of running again I'm not
starry-eyed about that I am I gotta find
out what her positions are but when she
started talking about her positions they
were actually excellent right but so
what did the Democratic Party do now
normally they love rich people that's
their number one litmus test how much
money do you have and how much money do
the people you know have when the case
of Ashley Judd no no no no turned out
she was too progressive so they they
were geniuses in fact Alison lundergan
Grimes because she was an establishment
candidate and she knew what she was
doing and she was a standard politician
and she spoke like a standard politician
and she got mauled like a standard
democratic politician Mitch McConnell
was vulnerable he was on the ropes he
was even arguing his ads in favor of
Kentucky's version of Obamacare cuz he
knew he was on the ropes and they let
him off the hook because they went with
an establishment Democrat doesn't get
any more establishment than andrew Cuomo
so if there's a real progressive
challenging young celebrity great right
and I have at it Hoss for me the
celebrity component of it doesn't matter
at all
unless I know what their policy
positions are and I think you know with
the whole Oprah thing and
I said this when we cover the story
after her speech you know the Democrats
that were supportive of her were just
enamored by the fact that she gave this
amazing speech and that you know we're
so tired of Trump that anything seems
like it would be better but no one knows
what her policy positions are right with
Cynthia Nixon she's making it very clear
what her policy proposals are and so the
celebrity part of it is good in that she
already has name recognition that's so
incredibly valuable when you're going
after an incumbent like Andrew Cuomo so
look I don't know whether or not she's
gonna go forward with it again she's
flirting with the idea and these are
just rumors but based on which he was
saying during that speech it seems like
it's a serious consideration for her for
progressives you're a celebrity but you
have progressive ideas great you're a
non-celebrity you got progressive ideas
great we love it all we care about is
policy we want to bring real change for
the American people for Democratic
politicians you're a celebrity and you
will go along with the establishment
wonderful you're a celebrity and you
have actual progressive ideas Susan
Sarandon John Cusack rosario Dawson
shailene woodley apparently Cynthia
Nixon Ashley Judd you're ruining it
where's the unity get back in line get
back in line and they get particularly
freaked out this celebrities have money
so they don't need the DNC's money or
the D triple C's money or the Governors
Association for the Democrats money so
they're like no because what if they
were to actually argue to take money out
of politics then those Democratic
consultants wouldn't make as much money
and to them that's the number one
problem yeah so if Cynthia Nixon is
anywhere as progressive as those
comments indicate run Cynthia run if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks Oh every day
