there is a Republican challenger to the
current governor of Illinois his name is
Bruce rauner
and a state representative by the name
of GN Ives is planning on primary him
because she feels that he isn't
conservative enough now she is in the
news today because she made the decision
to put out a super questionable campaign
ad that a lot of Republicans have called
on her to take down to pull and she has
refused to do so we're gonna show you
what the ad is and then I'll give you
some of the reaction that she's received
as a result take a look
stay tuned for a special message we want
to say thank you thank you for honor
thank you for signing legislation that
lets me use the girls bathroom thank you
for making all Illinois families pay for
my abortions thank you Bruce rauner for
opposing law enforcement and making
Illinois a sanctuary state for illegal
immigrant criminals thank you Bruce
rauner for the taxpayer bailout of
excellent with the largest electricity
rate hike in US history thank you for
making the rest of Illinois bailout
Chicago teacher pensions and for giving
ROM everything he wanted and more thank
you Bruce rauner for not being in charge
leaving Mike Madigan in charge I am NOT
in charge I'm trying to get to be a
charge thank you for being the worst
Republican governor in the country
rauner caved on all 44 points he
promised in the campaign even the call
for a tax cut became a state record for
a tax increase
thank you for betraying Illinois
Republicans thank you thank you so my
favorite part of that unreal ad was the
white guy pretending to be a Latino by
putting a bandana we're gonna give
credit to the Latinos in the state of
Illinois because apparently none of them
would go in that ad right exactly like
who would be crazy enough to to be in
that ad so it's both maddening but also
kind of funny because it was such a
poorly put together ad that you think it
might be a joke maybe it's part of an
SNL skit but I mean this is the way that
right
winger's like this state representative
see these groups of people these
disenfranchised groups of people right
they have this dude dressed up as a
woman to make it seem as though you know
transgender people are a threat to women
if they use the bathrooms that they
identify with it's just it's a joke now
Republicans have spoken out against the
ad but it doesn't matter she is refusing
to pull it Republican party chair Tim
Schneider called on Ives to pull the ad
he said there's no place in the Illinois
Republican Party for rhetoric that
attacks our fellow Illinoisans based on
their race gender or humanity
she should pull down the ad and
immediately apologized to the
Illinoisans who were negatively
portrayed in a cowardly attempt to stoke
political division he's wrong about that
about how there's no place for it
there's a huge place for it I'll explain
why it exists in the first place to me
that's more important than than Ives
Ives happens to be one person who's
particularly low sim but there's a big
country with plenty of low some people
question is who's funding it we'll get
to that in a second but if you're
wondering wait look at that Republican
calling that attack against immigrants
and transgender people cowardly and
saying pull the ad and apologize it's
only because she ran it against another
Republican traveler is the current
Republican governor of Illinois so keep
it in context now if I was a lunatic
running for this race who cares right
she does an ad maybe she puts it on our
own Facebook page to all people see it
we move on with our lives
hmm no she's got plenty of money so
somebody's financing those ads in fact
we know because there was a her campaign
got a five hundred thousand dollar boost
from conservative donor dick you line so
apparently dick you line saw that and
thought great let me bribe her legally
so to the tune of half a million dollars
because this is exactly my kind of
lunatic so eyes and you line used to be
supporters of the current governor right
and now they've both turned on him
because he's not
right wing enough he's not conservative
enough for them I kind of like that
drums
well that is drums but I'll tell you why
drums so is you line and the other
donors are they particularly racist
against women's rights etcetera you know
what well maybe and so they're certainly
acting like it and that's that you've
got plenty of evidence to that effect
but I think that it's about something
else so let me give you one more piece
of data though advertising data
indicates that Ives placed at least 1
million dollars in TV ads for the month
of February alone wait a minute we just
started February now she's placed two
ads to run in February but that means
she's got a world of money this is a
conservative primary opponent
challenging a Republican incumbent with
a world of money behind her is it
because they're that racist and they're
like oh you're race against Latinos etc
etc I can't wait to give you money
perhaps soap at least put some proof is
in that pudding but but more likely you
saw that part about how rauner didn't
give the rich the tax cuts that he
wanted they wanted they're like well
we're gonna have to punish you
Ives on the other hand we'll do anything
we tell her they attack teachers like
they they went after teachers pensions
in her ad oh yeah you know that state is
really losing money because of those
damn teachers and those fat retirement
accounts no but that's exactly what
conservative donors like dick Uline one
right they want to redistribute the
money to the top so they want to take it
from the teachers and they want it in
tax cuts for the rich and they gave
money to rauner and rauner didn't do his
job enough according to them so they
said now that's it we're gonna find a
new person to bribe again these are all
legal I mean he gave a five hundred
thousand dollars it's a freaking auction
you know somebody can come in and give
five million dollars there's no limits
but they say they're only speaking and
that's speaking that's a suitcase full
of money and you think that Ives isn't
gonna work directly for those donors and
give them every tax cut that they wanted
rauner is independently wealthy maybe
that's why he didn't do everything the
donors
wanted and so they found that
unacceptable now he's got to be
eliminated so now look the good news is
I think that they're all gonna be
defeated whether it's around our or Ives
by Daniel Biss most likely who is
fire-breathing progressive who is out
raising a lot of people on small dollars
donations alone you should check out my
interview with him from rebel
headquarters you could do that at
youtube.com slash tyt politics will have
a link down below in the description box
or in the comment section and by the way
don't miss any of those interviews
they're all on TYT politics or if you're
a member you can get all those
interviews anytime you want at TYT
Network comm /join but whether it's best
or anywhere else you support in Illinois
this is what you got coming your way
because big money in Illinois is decided
they're gonna get the goddamn tax cuts
even if they have to blame everyone else
in the state for it and and run this
politics of destruction if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole young turks Oh
