Marco Rubio is attempting to show the
softer side of the Republican Party the
softer side of Rubio himself and the way
that he's doing it is taking on the
issue of paid family leave now as we all
know Ivanka Trump wants to champion that
policy as well and so it turns out that
they are both working together to come
up with a proposal that Republicans
would find palatable now keep in mind
that the party of Family Values isn't
necessarily supportive of paid family
leave and so they need to come up with a
proposal that appeals to them and of
course also appeals to Democrats in
Congress now they need to find a plan
that would neither impose a mandate on
employers nor raise taxes to pay for it
in order for Republicans to sign on now
what they are and this is Marco Rubio
specifically what Marco Rubio is
experimenting with is a policy that
would do the following allow people to
draw Social Security benefits when they
want to take time off for a new baby or
family related matter if matters and
then delay their checks when they hit
retirement age so for instance if this
type of proposal passes into law a
family would be able and an individual
would be able to take a month or two
months three months off take money out
of their social security fund in order
to take that time off but then they
would have to delay retirement by that
same amount of time if it's one month it
would be one month three months it would
be three months you guys get the point
okay so let's break down the issues here
so number one they say it's paid family
leave and then Rubio explained but
Republicans refuse to have employers pay
for it well then it's not really paid
family leave right and they said well no
it's okay
we'll make you pay for it out of your
own Social Security once again that's
not really paid family leave because I'm
paying for it right
that's unpaid family leave you're just
going to let them borrow from their own
money at a later time right it also
keep in mind that Social Security is a
program the Republicans attack time and
time again they talk about how it's not
sustainable how it won't even be around
for you know younger generations for
when they're ready to retire that I mean
they talk about how it's riddled with
issues and then if Marco Rubio proposes
this how is he gonna make the case that
the Social Security system is
sustainable enough to deal with this
type and they're gonna sell it as an
entitlement you know even though again
this is money that comes out of every
Americans paycheck and it's not paid
family leave by any means it's just
essentially borrowing money from your
own retirement and then delay retirement
even further
the only other idea they had so far was
to pay for it by increasing payroll
taxes but payroll taxes are the most
regressive tax there is after a while
the rich stopped paying for them
entirely so it mainly hits the middle
class the working middle class yeah so
their idea is paid family leave
once again the employer doesn't pay you
pay through higher taxes higher taxes on
the rich oh god no god no on employers
god no no no those are Republican donors
higher taxes on you or take it out of
your Social Security which one would you
like so I also found this quote by Marco
Rubio super interesting he was speaking
to Politico about this very issue and
his proposal which by the way he's still
kind of toying with it he hasn't
actually proposed anything yet this is
just what he's thinking about doing and
here's what he told POLITICO I think
there will be significant initial
resistance to it because it's not an
issue that's been identified with the
Republican Party so even the idea of
individuals borrowing from their own
retirement to help pay for a new baby is
something that Republicans would be
resistant to why why I mean that this is
the family this is the party of Family
Values the party that will literally if
they could have their way force you to
have a baby if you get pregnant but then
they'll turn around and resist the idea
of you borrowing money from your own
retirement come on so what happen either
was the softer side of conservatism
there is no soft side okay so there's
two elements to that one is Marco Rubio
admitting of course their problems are
guests family leave even though they
pretend to be for Family Values my
family values they mean the ability to
control your body if you're a woman not
if you actually want to have the baby
for you to take care of the baby
if you were against abortion by the way
wouldn't you want to create incentives
for people to actually have a baby and
then be able to take care of it after
it's born nah
bootstrap time I already gave all the
money to the rich happy of the babies
your goddamn business not mine
that's right can we at least take it out
of their own social security what by the
way proposed I definitely do not agree
with but he says other Republicans are
like no no no under all circumstances
yeah we're just kidding when we said
Family Values and by the way initial
resistance what do you mean you guys are
in charge you could just look at the
proposal and go yeah that makes sense
and you could vote on it tomorrow right
it's not initial resistance it's the
resistance period exact to helping
anyone having kids so now I just want to
quickly mention how Ivanka Trump fits
into this whole situation she wants to
champion this issue and she wants pretty
much anything to pass so they can sell
it as oh we succeeded in providing paid
family leave even though we know that
Marco Rubio's current plan is not paid
family leave now initially she wanted
more of the burden to be placed on the
employers but it seems as though anyone
who approaches her with any proposal
she's all for it because she wants it to
pass so for instance according to
political reporting in private
conversations with senators Ivanka Trump
has discussed raising payroll taxes or
otherwise paying into Social Security to
create a new personal paid leave fund in
other words she'll take anything she can
get because she wants to turn around and
say we succeeded I succeeded in
providing what I said I would provide
but we all know that the reality is very
different from the way that they'll
frame it and sell it so last couple of
things here
recently in the last tax bill the
problem is I didn't because of Marco
Rubio something about paid leave
that was of course a tax cut for
corporations now to be fair or give full
context is they would offer a tax credit
for businesses who voluntarily offer
employees paid leave so they'll help you
if the your employer bothers to offer it
then they'll give them a tax cut because
that's the only solution Republicans
have for anything right I've got cancer
don't worry tax cut okay so now as Marco
Rubio later acknowledges but not
everybody will offer that voluntarily
and people can't go without getting paid
for two weeks let alone two months
that's impossible
apparently Rubio is the only Republican
that recognizes that that's impossible
for the average American but his answer
to that is of course we'll just take it
out of your Social Security and and if
that plan works by the way oh you got
healthcare bills we'll take it out of
your Social Security you got any kind of
issues well take it out of your Social
Security you know that right now they
moved it up already so the retirement
age is now 67 you keep going like this
it'll be 97 whenever they run into any
issues we're not gonna make any of the
rich or multinational corporations pay
for it we're just gonna make you pay for
it by working yourself to death if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
