so you guys know about released MMO this
is a memo that Devon unas wrote which is
basically like his opinion man and of
course he worked on the Trump transition
team so it was pro Trump and I guess the
FBI the people investigator you color me
shocked
so Talking Points Memo explains Trump on
Friday Declassified a memo authored by
noon as the staff alleging that FBI
officials misled the secretive Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Court to
surveil Trump's former campaign aide
Carter page but the document ultimately
revealed little I know emitted key
background information
well now newness is back oye and he's
going to talk about how Papadopoulos was
no big deal so that's another reason he
claims why this Russian investigation is
is wrong okay and misguided so let's go
to newness congressman in the big
picture the this whole thing goes about
the back Carter page some say well what
about Papadopoulos they started looking
at him earlier what do you say to that
well I would say that if Papadopoulos
was such a major figure why didn't you
get a warrant on him Papadopoulos was
such a major figure you had nothing on
him you know the guy lied as far as we
can tell Papadopoulos never even knew
who Trump you know never even had met
with the president and and look getting
drunk in London and talking to other in
talking to diplomats saying that you
don't like Hillary Clinton is really I
think it's kind of scary that our
intelligence agencies would take that
and use it against American citizen
nearness is one of the least bright
people in Congress and that is saying
something
not a lot of geniuses up there he said
why did they go after Papadopoulos huh
they did that's why he pled guilty oh
right Oh anyway then Preet Bharara step
sees a former District Attorney for the
Southern District in New York another
guy fired by Donald Trump for
investigating Donald Trump anyway he
says this man Devin unas is the chair of
the Intelligence Committee there's
literally a picture of Papadopoulos a
meeting with the President as far as we
can tell newness is
not good at his job meaning he's not
very intelligent if he's looking for
intelligence he hasn't found it yet but
is that really true
cuz nudists said that Papadopoulos and
Trump didn't even know each other
Preet Bharara former district attorney
what would he know about evidence is
that really evidence of Papadopoulos and
Trump knowing each other well let's go
to this picture which by the way comes
from Donald Trump's campaign oh right
there's Papadopoulos and there's Donald
Trump they didn't even know each other
that is a meaning of senior officials
with Trump oops if you're gonna make
outlandish claims can you just check to
see if there's any pictures just do a
little bit of due diligence no of course
not with newness and that's why the memo
is preposterous oh yeah so the FBI
terrible this Rosenstein guy I can't
believe he ordered this warrant to
surveil Carter page well did you know
Carter page was being surveilled all the
way back to 2013 because he had met with
Russian spies anyways ok did you know
that Rosenstein was just asking to
repeat a warrant that had happened been
granted initially and then Rhee granted
because the court had already ruled that
they should do surveillance on him
because he might have been a top target
of the Russians well anyway I'm gonna
omit all those facts and then pretend
that Papadopoulos and Trump don't know
each other of course so what was trumps
take on all this he released the memo
and he said that it the memo quote
totally vindicates him ok of course it
does no such thing now let's go back to
newness who was gonna continue to talk
nonsense this will this will be fun
that you coordinated all of this with
the White House what's your reaction
yeah well mr. Schiff knows that he's
spreading a false narrative there but
that's not new for him he spread false
narrative the entire time so the
Democrats were well aware
that I did not leak information however
for a year they stayed quiet
they continued they advocated for my
removal from the committee and why is
that it's because we've been successful
at getting to the bottom of a lot of
real problems with the institutions in
our government and so look there's no
question they want me gone but but
whatever they accuse you of doing is
what they're doing no well that's ironic
so in a closed-door meeting one of the
Democratic congressmen had asked newness
did you coordinate with Trump's White
House and writing this memo and he's
like no no problem answering it say okay
did your staff coordinate Nunez was like
I refuse to answer that oh I see so your
staff coordinated with Trump's White
House Wow newness doesn't even know
what's in the memo anyway so he says oh
these Democrats just Democrats
it's just Democrats being partisan
they're just asking for my removal but
but not Republicans really let's find
out about that in fact I want you to
listen to one more new news clip because
he's gonna manage to someone important
here remember a year ago they were
claiming that they had more than
circumstantial evidence of collusion of
Trump colluding with Russians but they
keep coming up with goose eggs they have
nothing and so what what do they do they
attack people who are trying to get to
the truth people like myself people like
trey gowdy but look it doesn't it
actually helps and I said this on Friday
we actually enjoy the criticism because
when you're when you're being criticized
like this by all the major networks and
being attacked by the left we know that
we're getting close to the truth and I
think the American people are just
beginning to learn the truth about the
Hillary campaign and the Democratic
Party and their involvement and how they
corrupted our institution so his thesis
is that all the top people that work at
the FBI including people appointed by
Donald Trump who are by the way almost
all Republican mullahs are Republican
Comey was a Republican ray who is the
current head of the FBI a Republican
Rosenstein is Trump's Deputy Attorney
General and a Republican somehow they
were all working with Hillary
and then there's nothing that Russia
investigation now he says that he's
saying that Democrats are targeting
because he's getting close to the truth
on that and he says the other guy who
would know is trey Gowdy well great
we're gonna get the cow gaudy and in one
second let me give you one more quote
here from CNN Nunez said that he
delegated the task of reviewing the
underlying intelligence that became the
basis for the GOP memo to Goudy and to
investigators and those were the people
who briefed the rest of the members of
the intelligence panel
I loved that for two reasons one he's
like intelligence and we really look at
it Gaudi was Gowdy oh okay great well so
let's go to Gowdy does Gowdy think that
the investigation is nothing at all and
that this memo proves they should end
the investigation let's find out I
actually don't think it has any impact
on the Russia probe for this reason the
memo has no impact on the Russia probe
no no not to me it doesn't and I was
pretty integrally involved in the
tracking of it there is a Russian
investigation without a dossier so to
the extent that memo deals with the
dossier and the FISA process the dossier
has nothing to do with the meeting at
Trump Tower the dossier has nothing to
do with an email sent by Cambridge
analytical the dossier really has
nothing to do with George papadopolis
meeting in Great Britain it also doesn't
have anything to do with obstruction of
justice so there's gonna be a rush of
probe even without a dossier oops get
noonas be any more wrong gaud√≠ is deeply
republican he's the one who led all the
Benghazi hearings and his committee
noonas him says said well Gowdy knows
and Gary comes on here and says it
doesn't affect the investigation at all
you should definitely still do the
Russian investigation but okay wait wait
wait what more from Gowdy does this memo
vindicate Trump and and does that mean
you know we should get rid of Muller
let's find out well I'm actually at a
really small group I think of
Republicans that think that this FISA
process is suspect and Rhoni should not
have taken place but you still have a
Russia investigation even without it so
I don't know how many other Republicans
feel that way I am
record is saying I support Bob Mould or
a hundred percent I think you would have
a Russia invent Russia
tried to interfere with our election in
2016 with or without a dossier so you
need an investigation into Russia
you need an investigation into Trump
Tower in the Cambridge analytic email
separate part from the dossier so those
are not connected issues to me they may
be for other Republicans but they're not
for me oops why straight yachty of being
honest by the way because he's retiring
so it's a guy now I'm telling the truth
this method basically does nothing are
you backing away from Muller because
he's corrupted according to newness well
news said gaudi's the guy who knows the
actual intelligence and there's Gary
saying I backed Muller a hundred percent
oops and double oops so what does Trump
have to say about all this he tweets out
representative Devin unas a man of
tremendous courage and grit may someday
be recognized as a great American hero
for what he is exposed and what he has
had to endure oh you back newness for
blindly backing you with no evidence of
course of course you do bunch of clowns
over there if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird
or you might say oops no that won't be
that one it won't be that one it'll be
great trust me TYT Network comm slash
joy
