I went to New Orleans over the weekend
this is a fun random story and I went
for the unwritten where we tried to get
money out of politics and a lot of the
groups who work on that by the way not
only progressive groups but also
conservative groups because there are a
lot of great conservatives in the
country who want to get money out of
politics or who want to do campaign
finance reform in different ways because
like most Republican voters they
understand that our system has become
completely corrupted rigged if you will
and obviously President Trump ran on
that he didn't knew much about it
afterwards if you ask me or check any
facts but he did at least throne on that
and Republican voters don't like the
corruption any more than progressive
voters do they're very right about that
in fact 93% of Americans say that
politicians serve their donors and not
their voters but I went to the
conference and and that was wonderful
and and we had a good and constructive
panel about the 28th amendment don't
worry we'll fix it wolf dash pack.com so
go to that go to wolf dash pack.com
slash joined to become part of Wolf Pack
and become a member go to wolf dash
pack.com SCI states to see what state
you can get involved in and volunteer so
that was all great but as I was going
around New Orleans Mardi Gras had begun
it's not the main weekend I'm already
Gras but the first weekend and and there
are lots of people in the streets so I
ran into a lot of people just walking
around having nothing to do with the
conference and lots of people said
wonderful things a couple of people were
convinced that Ben mankiewicz is awesome
and would be fun to hang out with I'd
love to hear that a lots of nice things
that people said about John iadarola and
Ana Kasparian and Jimmy Dore and Michael
Shure and Jair Jackson and the whole
group it was wonderful to hear thank you
guys but what I was more intrigued by
were the haters so there's two people
who happen to be conservatives who watch
the show because of debates I've been in
or the election night coverage which are
they love and the guy was an older
gentleman I was sitting next to and and
he said he loves watching that election
night and watching us get depressed and
bless his heart got every right to do
that go forward watch it for yourself
watch this on next election night see
what happens to you 18 network
slash live anyway but you know what we
wound up having a civil conversation for
about 20 minutes or so because I wound
up having a time in the day which I
normally wouldn't and it was great it
was refreshing and you know what
happened we agree on 75% of issues so
because there's all these talking points
on the right and all they got is talking
points so like ah buddy is speech I'm
like wait wait wait have the corruption
do you think the politicians are corrupt
he's like yeah totally but I think the
way to solve this smaller government
okay you want to end the wars I say yeah
I mean the Pentagon is a little out of
control good we agree on that
hey I'm pro-choice I think that means
smaller government he's like I get that
argument and on and on and on and once
you get past the talking points
there is no boogeyman on the left and me
if there is it certainly isn't here
where we say oh my god wouldn't it be
great if we had a giant government that
ran all parts of your life no we want a
government that serves the people and
not the donors it's not that complicated
okay then second guy did what happens
from time to time going through the rain
and Mardi Gras and he sees me he's like
hey Jake you gir Beth Shapiro ate you
I mean ate your lunch there was a
similar tweet that guys now deleted from
a bunch of months ago oh he's like Ben
Shapiro did this and this to you I'm
like I don't think that's what it means
what you think it means there's all
these people who believe that Ben churro
somehow ate me okay
so that's fun for everybody no harm in
that you like Ben you like crowder god
bless your heart everything you're wrong
but that's all right which leads me to
my final point here which is two guys
came up to me and one of them said he
would grow up in a conservative Catholic
household another one in an evangelical
house household one of them said look he
just wanted to test out all different
points of view which makes an open mind
are wonderful et cetera
the other one said that he came in as a
hater
like yeah loser you gonna be wrong
hate you someone destroyed you I don't
know why I just was told to say that
over and over again so and then they
came me you know what they found out now
this is according them and you want to
believe me great you don't want to
believe me right-wing but don't worry
but this didn't happen
that's all right god bless your heart I
don't care if you believe me I'm telling
for folks what really happened and this
is what I love
they said I came in the guy from the
Catholic background and said I was like
well I got a point on that one
and then the next one I was like well
that wasn't so bad and then by the third
girl I was like damn and I think I'm a
progressive he said he's now progressive
both of them said they went from
conservative to realizing that in
reality the other side's been lying to
them and and they looked it up for
themselves they even googled it if you
will and and found that that we were
right and found out that we're actually
we're fighting for the little guy and
the other guys are trying to protect the
rich and the powerful at the expense of
the average American and they became
progressives and they said that we
changed their lives look man I don't
know how many of those stories are out
there but I love that that makes
everything worth it so you you guys keep
on sending the hater-aide will turn it
into lemonade
well send the 808 keep sending more
people because the right ways like then
you control them keep coming brother
keep coming and we'll keep turning them
into progressives you couldn't do us a
bigger favor if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash
joined get the whole young turks show
every day
