Breitbart had a unique take on the
Superbowl that they care that it was one
of the best football games ever played
if they did they didn't really talk much
about it
performances Eagles Patriots fans no no
no no no they had a different take
here's a tweet that they put up and
later deleted where they said this is a
hypothetical conversation happening in
the future they show players kneeling
there they did not kneel during the
anthem of the Super Bowl that's an old
picture that they use and they have this
fictional conversation grandpa what's a
Super Bowl
well little Mohammed back when the Kufa
ran things they stitch up filthy pig
skins moved them around painted lines
and shoved each other there were secular
music and alcohol a very Haram affair
with Muslims and get a load of the
lunatics own you see later when the
Muslims take over America they will ban
football because it is Haram America
give any evidence that Muslim Americans
are anti football and let alone the fact
that if like oh the big thing here is
like oh my god could you imagine if
there are more Muslims and Christians
how terrible that would be and why again
would that be so terrible nobody don't
call them bigots don't call because they
get very touchy about that those
snowflakes melt right away when you
point out the obvious bigotry of that
okay can you imagine if they did it to
another religion
hey shmuly what happened to the filthy
non kosher yeah game of football
etc people think what what are you doing
that's obviously the most a piece of
anything we've ever seen but when you do
it to Muslims a little bit more
acceptable unfortunately in right-wing
circles but apparently they thought
better of it as well so they deleted it
but I am just amused more than you know
outraged who in really Breitbart is
anyone surprised or I'm thinking I've
run out of outrage for Breitbart
I'm amused though that this is their
fears like oh my god could you imagine
if if Moslems took over they would call
football Haram and we wouldn't be able
to play it anymore and then Mohamed Sanu
would be MVP every year if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm / join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird
or you might say oops no that won't be
that one it won't be that one it'll be
great trust me TYT Network comm / joy
