whoa Nelly let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration com
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service fees
I know it just gets better but 10% of
the revenue goes to charity I mean it
doesn't get any more Lib than this and
no funding of political campaigns or
industry lobbying so if you were looking
for a progressive place to put your
money I think we've got your answer for
you aspiration com this is one of the
most crazy stories that has come across
at least my desk in a while
all right fight clubs all trite clubs
all white clubs there are real fight
clubs that are proudly all right white
supremacist fight clubs they have
actually these amazing little you know
promo reels let's take a look at one
what's so hard bro I can't we can't talk
about this about his son where is the
sign no he's not here he's gone he's I
don't know where he is I use his death
today it's definitely doing that
whatever it is the incline push-ups the
high-fiving I think that's the one the
music oh the music really just it was so
catchy
wait what was that was it all like it
was like a little emo a little ragged
tone like oh is that what it was a
regular yeah there's so many ironies to
look at there it's so amazing I see the
behind the scenes of that shoot like
Jason Jason no like a little further to
the left okay yeah
oh yeah you can see your tat right there
like okay what is really do we know what
that group is called do they have been
they do I don't want to say their name I
don't blame you we shouldn't its acronym
is RAM this is the name of it it's Ram I
am like every truck and this is this is
one of many this one it's actually a
thing unfortunately don't just beat up
each other the group which calls itself
the premier MMA fight club or MMA club
of the alt-right representing the United
States made its public debut on March
25th at a make America great again rally
right here in Huntington Beach
California that drew more than two
thousand Trump supporters a 20-17
investigation by Pro Publica tracked its
members and activities over the year
finding that they were in the middle of
violent melees in Huntington Beach
Berkeley San Bernardino in
Charlottesville one member served 20
months in state prison for stabbing a
Latino man five times including in the
neck in what the court called a gang
assault I mean so they are using the
song in a gang yeah
at least the courts recognize it as a
gang so keep going what do you think so
a lot of them say I don't know if I have
oh yeah so this is a post on a you know
forum for alt-right group said a
confederation of MMA clubs are being
formed to teach our folks self-defense
with the rise of left-wing terrorism
it went on a number of martial arts
fighters and or veterans felt that it
was necessary for people to learn how to
defend themselves against domestic
terrorists mob attacks carried out by
black lives matter and Auntie the post
states several nationalist organizations
are lending aid to this endeavor Wow
amazing
domestic terrorism last I checked no one
from BLM shot and killed nine
churchgoers in a black church in North
Carolina like what
here's what I like about a mixed martial
arts group being a white supremacist
group is most of your martial arts are
Asian we're the best
white people rock with the best people
let's be people up using Taekwondo
karate let's play emo reggaeton all know
martial arts borrowed from anywhere
other than you know Huntington Beach
Huntington even Krav Maga is Israeli the
God does not stand for make America
great again
the other thing well first of all in
their weirdo pecking order of white
supremacy Asians more advanced because
they're nuts
and the other also we are there's no but
I think what's interesting about Fight
Club actually first of all I'm glad
they're beating each other up right
instead of you know protesters or people
of color or Latinos but clearly they
have a history of doing that but I think
that this Fight Club mean is not
something to be taken lightly and any
and they gotten all wrong okay Fight
Club was never about white supremacy but
they love Fight Club like Fight Club the
movie yes they love and they fetishize
Fight Club but actually Fight Club was a
totally it was basically like an affront
on capitalism it was like hi this hyper
capitalist world in which we're all
supposed to look a certain way dudes who
always wear khakis and white shirts and
we're all supposed to be you know be a
certain way and we're supposed to just
buy buy buy like you know the way that
we work it
all wrong you know and I think that is
something I heard Bernie Sanders say a
little bit about and people who support
socialism are super down with that so
the fact that you could co-opt Fight
Club into being some sort of white
supremacist like fascist narrative is a
total disservice to Brad Pitt
that's what they love doing co-opting
things that aren't theirs like Depeche
Mode they tried to make Depeche Mode
than the band of the alright did you
hear about that tragic yeah that's how
life is these days it all sounds like a
mad lib but I mean in all in all
seriousness this is scary if they are
not just fighting themselves like you
said and they are going out and
attacking people I covered this story in
Orange County actually speaking of
Orange County about blaze Bernstein he
was a college student who was home on
break and he was brutally murdered by a
former classmate of his named Samuel
Woodward and when I saw his his mug shot
I mean I hate to hate to almost profile
but I saw his haircut it looked like one
of those modern fascist neo-nazi
haircuts and immediately I thought oh
gosh I hope my suspicions aren't right
but it turns out he was a part of this
net Nazi training camp called autumn
vafan division which is this which is
his camp these camps which seems similar
to this thing that we just watched where
they are their training and they are
breeding murderers
so I mean you talk about Rattle
radicalization and terrorism it's
happening right here on our soil really
quickly there's hope there's hope out
there through organizations like life
after hate and it was started by a group
of former white supremacists and former
neo-nazis and they through compassion
something that a lot of us don't have
and it's it's very difficult to exercise
compassion with people that want to hate
you or want to kill you they are working
to reverse the effects of of racism and
bigotry and hatred so if this story
startles you go and look up life after
hate you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network
come /join
