whoa Nelly let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration calm
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service fees
I know it just gets better but 10% of
the revenue goes to charity I mean it
doesn't get any more Lib than this and
no funding of political campaigns or
industry lobbying so if you were looking
for a progressive place to put your
money I think we've got your answer for
you aspiration com a father of three
victims of convicted child molester
Larry Nasser was charged at Larry there
is his name is Randall margrave's and
here's the video of what happened during
the sentencing hearing let's take a look
I would ask you to as part of the
sentencing to grant me five minutes and
a lot of this demon would you do that
yes or no would you give me one minute
I'm gonna be good
that's something you don't see every day
just a reaction to that video it's so
hard to watch it's just it's I can feel
his pain I can feel that anger and I
think we saw his daughters they're in
the frame next to him and just seeing
tears in their eyes I mean Larry Nasser
is a monster so you can totally
understand and emphasize empathize with
this father any father would want to do
the exact same thing especially when
three of your children have been
molested by the same demon that was such
an appropriate word choice for this man
no that that was just a super dad moment
- I was just like like you saw the cape
on him as he was flying across the room
you know and his daughter's you know
with yes tears in their eyes but also
like that is a dad who's gonna show up
for you can we talk about how many
people had to jump on him like infinity
really like my favorite was the the like
why there was one guy at the very end
who just like put his hat on his head
like just in case you needed a fifth
person on top of you he's restrained so
I wanted to have that moment because
what's weird is at the end he puts his
hand on the guy's head yeah and then
taps it and then just and but it's weird
it's both this you can hear actually I
could hear the the police officers as
they're the bailiffs or whoever they are
as they talk to me like I understand I
understand really you could hear that I
could hear yeah he was like I can
understand I understand sir but and then
trying to detain him and get in place
the face this specific look on the face
of one of his daughters the one on the
far right was a mix of like there's a
weird like giggle in the crowd is he's
like I would like yeah it's just from
just like a video perspective it's some
of the most compelling video because
it's such like a nuanced reaction from
everyone no matter how many like you
know the court procedural dramas you see
I've never seen anything like as
palpably tense the daughter is kind of
smiling as he's saying I want five
minutes alone and then you watch
everyone realized that he's being
absolutely serious the detail of him
having is like electrician's Union I'm a
blue-collar
that too for sure as he goes for it it's
so I kind of feel like I mean he is very
far away from Larry it's a little bit of
a like I have to do this to show my
daughter I am serious and I will defend
them like you know he knows he's
probably gonna get restrained on the way
from from where he was to like actually
swinging or you know hitting Larry or
whatever but it was like this is
something I'm gonna do and they will
never I mean nothing can take away what
they went through but like having your
dad there especially when what Larry did
was go behind the backs of parents and
as we know so many parents were actually
in the room when he was molesting his
victims and of course the other added
layer of this is that because Larry was
a u.s. Olympics verified you know doctor
right that the parents had to kind of
and in that you know patients and these
young gymnasts had to go along with it
because it was like alright well this is
the guy who's gonna give me like you
know a good rating if you know I'm I
look strong or I'm you know I'm in good
physical shape to you know be a gymnast
and so it's just that added sort of you
know disgusting nature of this whole
thing and I'm sure as a parent knowing
that you let this weather obviously
unwillingly happen must eat you up
inside as well Oh totally he was that
moment right there obviously it was a
statement I think he knew that he wasn't
going to actually reach him and get his
arms around him but that was almost just
every parent out there a voice a symbol
for every parent who's ever experienced
something like this or fears that they
could experience something like that but
what I would say to this father look I
hope that he doesn't experience any real
consequences for what he did I don't
think anybody wants to see that agree
but I would say redirect that anger and
that vitriol towards all these
organizations that shielded and
protected this predator for decades USA
Gymnastics the trainers on the ground at
the ranch the coaches and even up to the
national level the people overseeing USA
Olympics that's where we need to still
direct a lot of this frustration in
order to make sure that this doesn't
happen again
yeah there is going to be Friday the US
Olympic Committee announced
an investigation they hired an outside
firm to look into what the Olympic
Committee and USA Gymnastics knew about
Nasser's abuse and when also this is the
actual statement from the father random
our greys in the wake of all this he
said I lost control I apologized a
hundred times Margrave said I'm
definitely calmed down I'm embarrassed
I'm not here to upstage my daughters
which that is I think that's the central
like thing you want to hear and that's
the you see him feeling that I'm here to
help them heal the judge also released
him with no charges or fines quote given
the nature of the case is what CNN said
no good as he was walking out I don't
know if you guys saw the whole video
mission is Michigan Assistant Attorney
General Angela pull Velata said you
cannot behave like this to him as he's
walking out and he turned his head and
said you haven't lived through it lady
but then afterward she says I don't want
she turns toward the audience and says I
don't want to see another parent get
arrested don't give him power over you
she said it very aggressively and she
was frustrated and that like that's one
response there's another response from
the rock tweeted we have that the rock
what does the rock have to say only
Dwayne say we all understand this
father's action Nasser's punishment will
go far beyond sentencing behind bars
he'll soon know what he'll means it will
be well taken care of
yeah but a getting like out of a rock
movie yeah right just like the avatar is
like profile pic on you know what help
means like what was his last like
Jumanji in prison Oh with Larry Nasser
yeah he I would just say though
obviously that directing all of our hate
to this one guy is really easy right but
the fact is is that young girls are
victimized every day
and again just underlining what Simone
you said about how is it that multiple
hundreds of young women hundred two
hundred you know like that doesn't
happen without an insane amount of
neglect and so I think it's important to
keep our eyes on these larger systems
and structures that don't have it
place to make sure that abuse especially
structures that are dealing with
children yes that abuse is not happening
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
