what happens in the off term off-year
elections is that the d-triple-c the
Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee is supposed to help Democrats
get elected in Congress but what they're
for if you're a progressive and you want
to get elected as a Democrat you first
have to fight the d-triple-c because the
D Triple C is not on your side again the
D triple the Democrats would rather lose
to a Republican than win with the
progressive and Ryan Grimm and Lee Fang
did a great job and the intercept and
they broke it down with the D triple C's
actually it says candidates who signed
up to battle Donald Trump must get past
the Democratic Party first because the
key variable that decides party support
is fundraising the D triple C's
decision-making is often ideological in
its result even if that was not the
intent by focusing on dollars the party
winds up with medical device executives
rather than American government teachers
or football coaches so what they're
saying is the D triple C's they they go
we've talked about this when you go hey
I want to run for Congress their first
question is how much money do you have
how much money can you raise how many
rich people do you know that's their
first question and their analysis in the
intercept is what does that lead to that
leads to the Democratic Party ending up
with candidates who are medical device
executives instead of teachers and
football coaches and that's a recipe for
disaster which is why the Democrats got
wiped out in the House and the Senate
and state houses across the country they
go on Democratic Party officials are not
by nature moved to deep reflection by
election losses as you can see by their
loss to trump made them talk about
Russia instead of examining the system
which gave us Trump they have a plan and
they're sticking to it the bad news for
grassroots activists is that the
Democratic Party's leaders cannot be
reasoned with but they can be beaten
so if Democratic leaders are getting
that sense that 2018 could be a wave
election much like 2006 it's worth
looking at the last time the party swept
into the house so in 2006 the Democrats
had a grave election then they took over
right because people were so sick of the
Iraq war George Bush and Dick Cheney
that the Democrats wiped out the
Republicans in the off term and the way
they did that was rahm emanuel his
idea at the d-triple-c that year was
again the same thing will go with
corporatist
to our center-right and screw over
progressives and here's a couple of
examples where that strategy completely
failed but be here I'll show you this so
that year Rahm Emanuel who
institutionalized the proactive the voli
endorsing candidates with a demonstrable
ability to either fundraise or pay for
their own campaigns Democrats that year
beat 22 Republican incumbents and picked
up eight open seats that had previously
been held by Republicans and now you go
well that sounds like a winning strategy
right Jimmy ah listen a little closer
because winners right history that
strategy has become conventional
accepted as eventually accepted as
wisdom worth following but taking a
closer look at the races themselves
suggests that the d-triple-c was flying
wine so now let's look at two races in
California the d-triple-c backed a guy
named Steve Wilson a conservative pilot
against a guy named Jerry McNerney who
Emanuel believed was hopelessly liberal
aka progressive after McNerney beat
Steve filss in the conservative in the
primary upheaved emanuel said that the
d-triple-c wouldn't be helping him in
the general guess what a coalition of
environmental groups got behind McNerney
and instead McNerney won anyway in
upstate New York Rahm Emanuel went with
Judy and a lot a former Republican who
was a tremendous fundraiser she was
crushed by environmentalist and musician
John Hall afterwards the d-triple-c
shunned the races unwinnable and then he
won so because the Democrats had a wave
election in 2006 because people were so
sick of the Republicans now they thought
well Rob Emanuel strategy one it wasn't
his strategy it was the off year wave
that helped them win the suppressed
Republican vote and the energized base
of the Democratic Party it wasn't
because Rahm Emmanuel's strategy of
picking neoliberals over progressives
but because they had a wave election and
they picked up those 22 seats now
everybody goes well that's the way we
got to do it now which is a wrong idea
even if they didn't think that they
would still do it anyways because it's
what their donor wants them to do so in
district after district and
no party is throwing its weight behind
candidates who are out of step with the
national mood that's happening now the
d-triple-c known as the D trip from
Washington has officially named 18
candidates as part of its red to blue
program in many of those districts there
is at least one progressive challenger
the party is working to elbow aside some
more viable than others like James
Thompson who lost a close special
election in Kansas and is again running
for the Wichita seat in 2018
he said the d-triple-c is specific about
why it wants candidates to raise money
they want you to spend a certain amount
of money on consultants and it's their
list of the consultants you have to
choose from he said those consultants
tend to be d-triple-c veterans a memo
the party committee sent to the
candidates in December lays out some of
the demands the d-triple-c made around
spending but the increased party primary
meddling in races in other parts of the
country has come at a time when the
d-triple-c is increasingly wedded to
congressional moderates in somewhat of a
reprisal of the Emanuel strategy the
d-triple-c is leaning on business
friendly Democrats to take back the
house and for the first time since 2006
the Blue Dog Coalition those are the
conservative Democrats that group that
prides itself on promoting a socially
conservative business friendly lawmakers
has worked with the d-triple-c to select
the party's candidates so for the first
time since 2006 the Blue Dogs are
working with the d-triple-c to pick the
congressional candidates for the
midterms the new collaboration is a
stunning reversal for a party that has
seen a groundswell of support for
progressive ideas such as a $15 minimum
wage and single-payer health care they
are staunchly opposed by the blue dog
wing of the party so I'll stop there and
so all this tells you is that the
Democrats didn't learn a thing
from Trump's victory they learn nothing
they learn nothing from being wiped out
in the state houses from coast to coast
they learn nothing from being wiped out
in the Senate or the Congress or the
house and and why is that not Nancy
Pelosi told you when they she was asked
after Trump won did the Americans want
the change are the Democrats gonna
change and she said we are not going to
change because there's going to be a
wave election in 2018 that's how things
and you know at the top of the ticket
they think that Hillary Clinton lost
under in Russia James Comey yeah all
this is Sarandon yeah so if they had a
slightly better candidate than her then
they would win which is reason why they
love you know certain establishment
candidates already yes already pushing
back so in their minds they got it all
figured out and they don't really care
about the policy they care about I don't
even know if they care about winning to
be honest I think they they don't they
care about having the money train cycled
through so that their consultants
everyone gets paid yes that's AB it's a
big money graph that's what Judge James
Thompson's talking about in Wichita they
want and who do they want you to spend
your money on they way you to spend it
on their consultant so it's again it's a
big just like Jenks ed Jenkins taught me
this he said the reason why they would
rather lose to a Republican than went
with a progressive because if a
Republican wins the gravy train keeps
going if a progressive wins they all
lose their jobs and that's it and
they're not gonna address it and all the
lip service and window dressing that the
Democrats give like to give by giving
you Joe Kennedy and their hashtag me too
and we're gonna fight that's all
 it's all
because they don't want it that the real
problem is neoliberalism it's the system
and the Democrats love the system and
that's why when people tell me you gotta
vote for Hillary Clinton your that's why
they're wrong there are a hundred
percent wrong we have to under are upend
this system and we have to put real
pressure on the Democrats or get rid of
their party
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
