we're so lucky here at TYT to have such
loyal fans the one thing I wanted for
TYT more than anything else is the
ability to affect and change the world
and we're here to do it one person at a
time now we get a ton of fan mail and
stories from our TYT army but this one
was just too good not to share
it's from Lorraine cicchitto as she said
I recently joined a couple of weeks ago
and it watched your YouTube videos
religiously ever since I was watching
the post game and I wanted to validate
and reaffirm the work you're doing
because no matter what job we hold it is
absolutely necessary the reason it took
me this long to become a member is
because not only do I live in one of the
most expensive counties in California
Sonoma I've also dedicated my life to
nonprofit health care I don't make much
but once I crunched up the numbers
buying an entire years worth of TYT was
the equivalent of a month of my gym
membership TYT was and continues to be
paramount to my growth as an informed
citizen Alexandra Ocasio Cortez recently
articulated how I'd been feeling
regarding my political ideologies and
I'd be so grateful to seeing her and
following her on social media
discovering her was thanks to you
TYT thank you so much to UI T every
staff member analyst crew human being
working there you are thoroughly
appreciated for the production of this
material also I recently opened a new
mutual fund with aspiration I discovered
them through you please continue to
fight the good fight continue inspiring
people like myself to be advocates and
amplify the voices of the oppressed with
so much affection Lorraine Lorraine
thank you so much both for emailing in
for doing what you do with your career
that's also super important and for
recognizing everyone here not just the
hosts because everyone here works so
hard to make this show happen and all
the shows so come on everybody let's be
on the left side of history together
become a member today tu rt.com slash
join
