you know c8 is a product that the DuPont
corporation used to manufacture teflon
it's in all of your Teflon pans as a
matter of fact in the process of
manufacturing teflon DuPont pump
millions of pounds of c8 this toxin this
deadly toxin directly into the Ohio
River and and that caused cancer all up
and down the river 70,000 residents
along the river drank this c8 toxin for
decades this went on for such a long
time but now a new documentary has
finally told the story that media was
too afraid to tell for 50 years the
reason Peter they didn't tell the story
is because DuPont spend so much money
advertising with NBC MSNBC CBS ABC and
so does 3m which were the two major
manufacturers so as we see so often with
corporate media you know it's all about
dollars we don't get news anymore it's
all filtered it's them who's gonna cut a
check to pay for the average exactly
what we're seeing with the opioid
industry right now they're starting
they're starting to buy all kinds of
advertisement so they can get more
favorable stories on ABC MSNBC you know
all the network's BP did after the oil
spill let's buy out full-page ads and
run them and then they get to kind of
somewhat drive the content of what the
the ultimate consumer is seen it's just
driving the message home and Main Main
Street America is letting them do it at
the end of the day well this movie is
the first time now I was just at
Sundance a couple of weeks before the
film festival and at the Film Festival
this thing premiered Peter the place was
jam-packed they had hundreds of people
waiting just on waiting line to try to
get in the film got a standing ovation
on the CA the devil we know is the name
of it I'd I'd recommend anybody to go
take a look at this trailer it's called
the devil we know it's done by very very
talented group same people who did
fed-up which is one of the most
downloaded movies and amid sunday in the
US history yeah so anyway is I watched
this I think the thing that occurred to
me is that what's the devil we know was
that what if caught
written media had started telling these
stories decades before now understand we
tried cases up there where I had people
that had cancer they had liver they had
kidney cancer they had testicular cancer
they had all types of stomach illnesses
that were debilitating were part of
their intestines had to be cut out there
were birth defects involved with this
but the reason and let me just tell you
something we know for a fact that the
the national media television media was
put on notice about this and the only
people that really picked it up were the
people that the newspapers were
television right around where this was
occurring and at best what we saw was
national media do a you know eight
minutes story an eight minute story on
something this bad where they bought
into DuPont's argument understand they
didn't just do the story they're
thinking okay well this is these people
are advertisers for a Swiss put the best
spin on it and they made it sound like
it wasn't a problem you see at the own
time and doesn't matter which industry
it is one after another and without
without the litigation bar without the
trial lawyer bar putting a spotlight on
some of this stuff you wouldn't see a
lot of this coming to the coming to the
forefront you see stories are hidden
behind confidentiality agreements by
sums of money and buy offs and enforcing
the plaintiffs to sign non-disclosure
agreements when you go into court you
see how many cases have you been in
where these disgusting emails are our
internal exchanges about the you know
corporate malfeasance and they're
discussing it internally they know
they're hurting people they know they're
they're pushing people to the end of the
cliff and then in order to get the
emails and litigation
you know there's protective orders in
place I just wish if we got on a more
spotlight like the documentary you'd see
a lot less think about this you have a
judge making a ruling
now I figured I think of asbestos the
early days of asbestos there were
documents where the CEOs of the company
were making statements like these men
working around asbestos make a good
living with asbestos they can die with
asbestos okay now think about the first
judges used to do that yeah you don't
want to know that but the first judges
that handle these cases oh no we can't
we can't let anybody here this document
it took it took a decade to where that
document was out in the public and in
between people are working with asbestos
they're done with asthma I have I've
handled at least five cases where
they've been pharmaceutical cases or
environmental cases where you've had
documents that were the defendant admits
a we did wrong B by doing wrong we've
put people's health in jeopardy and
people could die and then we see some
boneheaded judge say oh well we got to
put a protective order on this we can't
let this go out let anybody know about
it
what is your take it happens every day
and I do a lot more Securities
Litigation we literally got an email in
today that after four years of
litigation we got an email in today that
had previously been withheld had not
been produced up sorry up it was
inadvertently not produced and there is
a complete discussion with senior level
management in a multinational company
admitting and discussing the problems
that they caused internally with their
clients knowing they caused the problem
and then it is full of money and they
hid it from them yeah it's when you talk
about the problems tell us what the
problems are with the mom-and-pop
investigates its corporate putting funds
together and creating those funds with
conflicts of interest winding their own
pockets and then selling them to
mom-and-pop investors that have worked
their whole lives kind of like your
asbestos your as bestest story here's
somebody that's worked their whole life
butchers fishermen taxicab drivers
socking money away and big Wall Street
company takes the money that they saved
cells of junk crap
bottom of the barrel of junk don't well
they don't they call it junk internally
but externally its preservation of
capital it's safe for yes internally
they call it junk and then they sell it
to these people they discuss it
internally and here's what the gist of
the email was it was absolutely
disgusting we've sold so much of this
crap to our small client base that they
can't sell it there's no one to sell it
to it was restricted if you're gonna
sell it I have to
so do you you have to sell it to me what
happens if there's a push on the market
or shockingly of course the price is
going to tank they discussed it
internally talked about pushing these
mom-and-pops all the way to the cliff
and then they never told him there was a
cliff there and let him fall off the
edge go into jail from him nobody saw
the email nobody's seen it I can't sit
here and say what company it was
nobody's gone to jail heck no one's even
seen an email all because it's covered
up by these non-disclosures
confidentiality that you're routinely
forced to enter into and if someone
would just let these documents get out
put a name on on who those are people
would think twice about walking there
they're mom-and-pop clients up
