so there's a lot of insanity going on
that's just the control room and it is
related to this talk of the deep space
state now look I want to be clear about
this is the deep state a real thing that
had that has happened here in America in
the past and that happens from time to
time in different countries yes what
does it mean
it means a group of people working
inside the government sometimes outside
the government as well but with people
from within the government to do things
that were not authorized by the overall
government and by our democracy so
there's an excellent case to be made
that the deep state existed in the 1950s
and 60s here in America and authorized
things that that were not otherwise
authorized by our democracy and you
should read into that and what Allan
Dulles did especially after he was fired
from the CIA was atrocious so it's not a
crazy idea in the first place now our
all conspiracy theory is true or are
they all false please tell me that
you're smart enough to know that the
answer is neither so have some people
conspire to do certain things at
different times of course are all
conspiracy theories true of course not
you really think there are lizard people
running around or 80% grill 80 percent
Pig hybrids I mean some of you do and
those of you that do are lunatics and
you should be locked up in an insane
asylum okay so is there a deep state in
America today look it there was the
Church Commission after we found out
about all the abuse in the CIA now it
cleaned up a lot of those abuses did it
clean up all of them no if you say to me
that the CIA or other intelligence
agencies from time to time have
overstepped their bounds I would
completely agree with you if you say to
me that there is a rogue element within
the government today that is actually
making secret decisions and and they
were looking to overthrow the president
I'd say you'd have to have amazing
evidence of that you'd have overwhelming
evidence of that
my census since the church commissioned
that a lot of the intelligence agencies
have turned into government
bureaucracies for better or for worse
yes at least we've got rid of the worst
parts of the deep state but we also got
a bunch of bureaucrats and it took us
how many years to get bin Laden way too
long over a decade to get him and and it
took us a huge amount of time to get the
leader of Isis and we're not even clear
or positive that we got him yet so I
think that the CIA is oftentimes riddled
with bureaucracy but they think that
there is a deep state that is actively
doing the things that the Republicans
claim it's unreal and it would require
overwhelming proof of which they have
none and there's a range right it
started with guys like Alex Jones saying
that that the deep state exist this was
in mid-2016
and that they were planning to drop a
two thousand pound bomb on the white
house to kill Trump in case you haven't
heard nobody's done that because it
doesn't exist and that's the ravings of
a lunatic mind and I just recently
claimed that there the deep state is
going to nuke Washington DC but since
the deep state mostly lives in
Washington that would appear to be
counterproductive so now look if the
ravings of Alex Jones who cares you know
pipsqueak on the internet and and yes I
guess there's a market for lunatics in
America and he has his followers but now
we know the president is called in the
Alex Jones Show before Alex Jones claims
he parks him on a semi-regular basis but
Alex Jones claims a lot of things okay
so let's dismiss that but the virus has
spread to actual Republicans they're
going around all over television
congressmen senators talking about the
deep state and secret societies etc now
that leads us to Newt Gingrich on
television yesterday could get a load of
how the insanity has spread watch
remember the elite media is part of the
deep state the elite media group has
survived by being in collusion with the
senior bureaucracy the city of
Washington the senior reporters the
senior bureaucrats the senior lobbyists
they all hang out together they all talk
to each other they all compare notes
now the deep state is not as depos
before it was deeply buried it was some
guys in the CIA FBI or whoever and they
were conspiring now it's so broad oh
yeah elite me too they're part of it too
yeah New York Times part of it and they
did a cabal with the CIA ends brian
Stelter went down the FBI and said all
right how do we cook up a plot that's
part of the deep state de to do a coup
yes president Trump or to undermine
President Trump or to throw them out of
office you really believe this okay look
look if you say the corporate media or
the establishment media or you know if
you're a conservative called the liberal
media call whatever you like but they've
been cable news guys etc if you say that
they have a bias that's a perfectly
debatable point and I and I argue that
they have a bias I think that they don't
have a disturber liberal bias they have
an establishment bias they are run by
multibillion-dollar corporations who are
in favor of the status quo because
they're at the top of the food chain in
the status quo they don't want to rock
the boat it's their boat so and the way
that they do that is is subtle and long
and it's in who they select to be
anchors and reporters etc that's one
thing and if you think no they don't
have an establishment body they actually
have a conservative bias because they're
they're run by corporate executives who
only care about the bottom line or you
think they have a liberal bias because
they're their reporters are okay fine
those are not insane theories they're
perfectly fine theories that we can
debate but to think that they are part
of a deep state and they're conspiring
with the CIA and the FBI to overthrow
the president that's full cuckoo for
cocoa puffs that's that's you're off the
deep edge and there's no evidence of
that that's crazy talk no King grits
used to be Speaker of the House the
virus has taken over the entire
Republican body so then I went to find a
poll on this because I was like no come
on
I know these lunatics are saying it all
over Fox News and now you got official
US congressman and
senators let alone the former Speaker
that has but how about the actual
Republican voters brace for impact
look at this is the deep state working
to overthrow Trump to overthrow Trump
60% of Republicans say yes
28% not sure 12% no only 12% no 12% of
Republicans think no the deep state is
not over looking to do a coup against
the President of the United States what
60% you say yeah of course
of course he is one party in this
country has just lost its mind and
they've gotten fed so much propaganda
that they are divorced from reality
completely we're not having legitimate
debates as some would call the the bias
of the media and illegitimate debate I
don't agree with them
I think the bias is a really interesting
debate but to think that they're in
cahoots and then all these people are
trying to do a coup against Trump and
overthrow them 60% of Republicans think
that another 28% of liger can't quite
tell good be could not be but then you
look at the overall numbers that of
course it's because of so many
Republicans in the country to and and
and some of the independence to Sarah
but even for overall in America these
are for all Americans
38% wins with not sure 34% over a third
of the country believes there is a deep
state and they're looking to overthrow
Trump and 28% say no no who is losing
for the whole country no is losing this
is what happens when propaganda replaces
facts in reality we're in a really scary
state in America where we've lost a huge
chunk of the country they're out there
floating like Sandra Bullock in gravity
just going in circles like whoa deep
state CIA brian Stelter and like man i
don't know how we get them back i don't
know how we start to communicate it you
know again in the same language where we
riah pon certain facts and reality and
then have a debate between conservatives
liberals and moderates within the scope
of reality but it looks like about a
third of the country's gone they live in
an alternate reality where there are
coos against the president their cabal's
there's conspiracies and eighty percent
gorillas eighty percent pig eighty
percent human hybrids running around
apparently a war on math if you believe
that they don't believe in science they
don't believe in professors they don't
believe in reporters why they were told
by conservatives for decades and decades
don't believe in any one that brings you
facts who brings you facts professors
scientists the media they undermine them
so thoroughly that about a third of the
United States of America has now lost
its mind scary times if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
show every day
