so the Republicans are doing a
congressional retreat in West Virginia
Donald Trump's gonna speak and he can't
help himself he just recently bragged
about how he had the most viewed State
of the Union ever which is of course
preposterous and completely untrue but
here he's gonna go even further over the
top in referencing a supposed Orrin
Hatch quote listen thanks senator
finance chairman and a very spectacular
man Orrin Hatch wears orange Oran orange
is I love listening to him speak he said
once I am the single greatest president
in his lifetime now as a young man so
it's not that much but and he actually
once said I'm the greatest president in
the history of our country and I said
does that include Lincoln and Washington
he said yes I said I love this guy I
love him all right first of all of
course Orrin Hatch didn't say that so he
had to clarify his spokesperson putting
out a statement perhaps pokes person Ben
Ben Jacob says hatch has said the Trump
can be the greatest president ever but
has never said is the greatest president
ever of course of course which person in
their right mind would go around oh yeah
you're better than George Washington
that's where all yeah oh yeah mr.
president of course now if look I keep
beseeching Republican voters and Trump
voters and I know that they're a brick
wall and you can't really talk to them
and they don't care about logic or
reason or facts but my god man if Obama
had said oh ho yeah I talk to Chuck
Schumer and Chuck Schumer thinks I'm
better than Lincoln I would have thrown
up in my mouth and I would have come on
here and say we have a maniac for
president who has an ego that lords are
they after one year in office they say
they're better than George Washington
who founded the country and and I'd say
indeed Chuck Schumer said that because
of Chuck Schumer said that I'd be
disgusted with him Oh mr. president oh
dude you've been neatly Washington we
would call out our own side because we
actually care about logic reason facts
but I guess for the Republicans who saw
a matter of emotions Oh
the fear leader I love him so if he says
he's better than Washington and then he
claims that hatch says he's better than
watching that that he's better than
Washington are you that pathetic I mean
like maybe I guess if you're a beta and
you want to do this to him
the guy's a lunatic who's that
egotistical little joy oh of course
I love Ward as I love hearing him speak
as he says I'm better than George
Washington I've got a lunatic in the
White House okay and then listen to how
he actually makes decisions about policy
so he's bragging about this
he knows it's being recorded the whole
country he's gonna see it the
Republicans see it so this is a small
sliver of how he makes decisions now
Anwar it was a protected area for a very
very good reason they had been protected
for a long time from trilling because
it's going to destroy that environment
and and a lot of legislators in Alaska
don't want drilling there either and so
so of course some Republicans want it
because their donors want the money
right so he's gonna brag about how he
ruined Anwar and allowed drilling there
so that people can make a buck off of it
now look you could have a difference of
opinion on that okay I hear you and we
could fight over that but listen to why
he made that decision much and Anwar one
of the great potential fields anywhere
in the world and I never appreciate it
and we're so much a friend of mine
called up was in that world and then
that business said is it true that
you're thinking about Anwar said yeah I
think we're gonna get it but you know he
said are you kidding that's the biggest
thing by itself said Ronald Reagan and
every president has wanted to get n were
approved and after that I said oh make
sure that's in the bill it was amazing
how that had an impact that had a very
big impact on me Paul I really didn't
care about it and then when I heard that
everybody wanted it for 40 years they've
been trying to get it approved I said
make sure you don't lose any work but
it's great for the people of Alaska so
here's the president admitting I knew
nothing about that topic if you don't
know anything about Anwar that's okay
you're not the president
different job I didn't know anything
about this thing that I got approved and
then a friend of mine who's in that
business so who has a financial interest
in this called me up and said oh yeah
even Reagan couldn't get it it would be
the biggest thing Donald if you got it
alright then put it in the bill then I
said alright I'm gonna get it even when
Reagan couldn't do it and that guy was
gonna make a lot of money and we're
gonna drill the swamp and make money off
the swamp the guy is up to hearing
corruption and he just tells you he he
tells you a friend of mine called who's
in that business and got me to change my
mind and I'm an ignoramus I didn't know
anything about it by the way okay let's
say your friend calls you up and says
hey Donald I'd like to make a lot of
money from drilling in Anwar since your
crop will you do that for me it would be
the biggest thing you'd be even better
than Reagan can you at least pause
you're the President of the United
States you've got a whole team there a
gigantic team and ask someone to look it
up
hey is anymore in fact the biggest thing
whatever that means what does it mean to
get Anwar what are the upsides would
have the downsize how much will it cost
how much will the American taxpayer can
what what are the implications for
business what are the implications for
the environment what's the implications
for the citizens of Alaska versus the
citizens of the mainland in the on and
on and on right no no my friend calls me
and I don't know anything about it cuz
I'm a fucking moron and he says hey
anybody on this what are you do it for
me and I do it aren't I so great a
corrupt lunatic is unfortunately the
most powerful guy on earth and the
Republicans laugh and applaud the
environment and everybody else that
nobody wanted to do that for so long
because the American people ain't that
idea but we did it for money
yes look the Democratic Party has a
world of problems but the Republican
Party celebrates and bathes and
corruption
that's them beside themselves with joy
we got the rich the tax cuts they won
we're drilling all over the place
because our friends want to make money
it is grotesque and your celebrated go
head celebrate with this lunatic yeah
I'm on the side of the guy who thinks
he's better than a Lincoln in Washington
doesn't know a goddamn thing about
policy brags about it and tells us that
he does things cos his friends with
business interests told him too pathetic
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying do you know I'm
like a smart person so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash join get the
whole Yonkers show every day
