Donald Trump had his State of the Union
speech earlier this week and the numbers
are out on the ratings well you know how
this is gonna go he can't help himself
so I don't even have to tell you the
story you know the story right it's
gonna be a number and whatever the
number is Donald Trump's gonna claim
it's the biggest the greatest the best
that's ever been and it's not going to
be true I mean you could write this
script ahead of time because if you're
following the news at all you know what
a pathological liar the president is so
here we go he puts out a tweet thank you
for all the nice compliments to reviews
on the State of the Union speech
forty-four 5.6 million people watched
the highest number in history all right
here we go look he could leave well
enough alone
he said his popularity is actually at
the highest has been in a long long time
it peaked on one poll at 42% still a
majority of the country disapproves of
him and those are overall very bad
numbers but it's the best numbers he's
had and he had a State of the Union he
read it from a teleprompter he didn't
say anything insane I think that is
demagoguing was horrible but overall he
could just leave well enough alone he's
got fox news everybody saying oh
congratulations and forty five point six
million is not a bad number but he can't
he has to lie about it so the number is
true forty five point six million views
that's where the truth ends so let's
look at a different state of the unions
and find out how that does compared to
the rest well there you got george w
bush oh there you go higher fifty one
point eight million now look this in
2002 after 9/11 so that's a big speech
and then you've got sixty-two million by
george bush in 2003 now that's right
before we invade iraq so a lot of people
are paying attention but these numbers
are higher it's not the eyes in history
now i'm sure he he beat obama
oh no obama had one that was higher oh
that is insult to injury but of course
not clinton right up there goes clinton
he's also her but only once right nope
twice so he's got a obama out of forty
eight point five clinton forty five
point eight and fifty three million in
nineteen ninety eight so why
bother lying about it because he can't
help himself I'm gonna give you one last
set of numbers then I got a question for
all of Trump supporters out there so to
be fair to Donald Trump he hadn't even
higher number when he last spoke to
Congress it was a joint address to
Congress it's not technically the State
of the Union that's when you first come
in but hey look that's 47.7 man that
said that's even better than the forty
five point six he got this time okay is
that the highest ever maybe that's what
he was referring to how about Bill
Clinton back in 1993
oh damn sixty six point nine million I'm
not great at math but I'm pretty sure
that's way higher than Donald Trump's
numbers so look when when George Bush
got the most viewers for a State of the
Union that didn't mean he was right and
Democrats didn't turn around go no no we
had higher numbers but Bush for all of
his madness didn't also come in and rub
it in people's faces in some weird
bizarre oast like oh yeah this is not a
contest about that okay look so here's
the main question I asked the Trump
voters do you believe that the entirety
of the media and Nielsen and ABC and CNN
and Fox News which also reports these
numbers and all the reporters and
everyone else in the television industry
etc are in cahoots all the historians
who have tracked it or all includes they
got together with some room and decided
this is gonna be great the State of the
Union for Bush was actually lowered and
so was Obama but we're gonna change the
numbers now they were public for all
these years for decades these numbers
have been public but we will go back and
we will change the results in the
Internet we will change everything you
can't change anything I mean I don't
know if you know this but well as it was
nothing on the internet you can't take
it off so but we will in this global
conspiracy so that it will appear that
Donald Trump did not have the best
ratings for a State of the Union
really
do you believe that I don't even think
you're that maniacally stupid so then
your only other option is Donald Trump
is a liar he's a weird liar an
unnecessary lie Oh liar and hence why
it's pathological so it's okay just own
up to it and move on and you if you say
hey it's not an important story I hear
you brother
who cares who got the most ratings but
understand that the guy you support lies
all the time and for no apparent reason
other than it's a foetus ego and he
can't help himself just own it own it
and then we'll all move on you just
watch the video by The Young Turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
