as we have so many times before on this
show over the course of the past year
and even before we're going to be
breaking down a case of extremely
blatant corruption inside of the White
House saying on the theme of
infrastructure and so here we have a
story involving floods and an
organization called the ala frack
organization which I hadn't been
familiar with but it's apparently one of
the largest privately held real estate
firms in the United States and they're
active in politics between 2013 and 2016
the LA frack organizations spent over
three hundred thousand dollars lobbying
Congress on what are called flood map
issues and other issues the report
states this information that had been
released and 2015 for example the
company criticized new federal flood
regulations enacted by President Barack
Obama in the wake of Hurricane sandy
that required the company to raise the
height of a Jersey City site by about
three feet before construction because
this would increase development costs
well yes any sort of protection like in
the case of floods is going to cost a
little bit more money but there's a
reason for it floods have been wreaking
havoc across the country for a long time
and it seems to be getting worse as
climate change continues but for the
Laphroaig organization having to do
these Obama era regulations would be a
little bit more expensive and so they
don't want that well
then suddenly we don't have brock obama
obama anymore we have donald trump and
the company's chief executive richard la
frack was appointed by trump last year
to be the co-chair of his infrastructure
council which quickly fell apart and
liffe RAC was one of the few remaining
members of it and so he had perhaps an
outsized influence over Donald Trump in
his agenda so let's see what he pushed
for well last August Trump signed an
executive order rescinding the Obama era
flood rules that it set stricter
building standards aimed at reducing
flood related damages and requiring that
federally funded infrastructure built
along the coastline take into account
future projections for sea level rise
and right there you basically have a 2
for 1 you have the real estate companies
not wanting to have to pay more money to
make sure that their buildings don't
immediately get knocked over the next
time there's a flood and you have an
attempt to stick a finger in the eye of
environmentalists and regular Americans
who are concerned about climate change
so they got those two
for one however as I said floods
continue and so in the wake of Hurricane
Harvey the Trump administration seemed
to have a change of heart and said it
would consider reinstating the flood
rules that it had just rescinded because
immediately after they rescinded it
there was evidence of how terrible that
idea was when you know all along the
coast and in Texas we had so much flood
related damage so we had some hope
perhaps the frack was not going to get
his way and we would get those
regulations again but unfortunately it
doesn't look like that's going to happen
a leaked version of the latest draft of
the White House's infrastructure plan
was published by The Washington Post any
mention of reinstating a version of the
flood protection standards is quote
utterly lacking from the draft according
to people who have read it okay so first
list note the amusing irony of his
infrastructural council crumbling
apparently not very well built yeah from
the very beginning it was the fracked
secondly look at how brazen Trump is
it's like okay I'm gonna take the guy
who stands to gain the most amount of
money from infrastructure projects and
put him as the head of the
infrastructure Council I'm not gonna
pretend to have neutrality I'm not gonna
pretend not to be corrupt I'm just gonna
take the guy who's gonna make the most
money from it yeah and put him in charge
and he did similar things with Carl
Icahn and then that blew up in him and I
can't have to step aside he's done it in
almost every department the corruption
it's it's almost like he is trying to
publicize it he just doesn't care cuz he
thinks it doesn't matter I could shoot a
guy on Fifth Avenue and my supporters
will still support me it doesn't matter
what I do it only matters what I say and
so he says that he's draining the swamp
but in reality he's his infrastructure
council was building the swamp the
infrastructure of the swamp yeah so and
yesterday on the on the program Anna and
I didn't cover her story that that was
an epiphany for me as to why a lot of
his supporters don't ever back away from
him because they were told by
evangelical leaders that God has chosen
him and obviously God can't be wrong so
you can't God can't change his mind so
you can't change your mind so he thinks
I'll just rub your face in it I'll take
this guy who's gonna make a lot of money
from this and make it mint put him in
charge of the decisions who cares yeah
so now looked at that again fell apart
but the essence of the policy didn't
change at all so why do we need
regulations that do cost more money like
for example in California
well the housing has to be built to
different specs and it involves a lot of
regulation to make sure that that
buildings don't fall down during
earthquakes why because we have
earthquakes yeah and the building's used
to fall down and people would die
thousands of people would die from the
earthquakes now we have more regulations
and almost nobody dies in those
earthquakes why cuz the building's don't
fall down yeah that is why you need
regulations if you live in an area prone
to flooding like Jersey City where he
was trying to he was building properties
LeFrak was and didn't want to pay the
extra money for the flooding well it
floods there it floods in Houston and
while you were paying attention for a
second during the flooding in Houston
they're like okay wait wait will the
pause yeah we'll pause nobody looking
nobody looking alright yep take away the
regulations let look Frank and his
buddies do whatever they want that's the
essence of Trump yeah yeah and if I mean
briefly if I could try to appeal to
those evangelicals on this specific
issue I will grant you that God chose
Trump but God has done other stuff in
the past I mean back in the day he gave
incredibly detailed impending flood
related regulations to Noah and that
worked out for him
everyone else is boned yeah but but it
costs a lot of money to build that Ark
but there was good reasons to spend that
money yes so because as you know
flooding happens from time to time and
so better to be prepared and nothing is
more biblical than that you just watch
the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
