I want to show you a couple more fun
parts of the speech believe it or not
let's go to clip eight we have ended the
war on American energy and we have ended
the war on beautiful clean call
I'm amused every time he says beautiful
beautiful so like this mouthful I mean
beautiful clean coal it's like he's in
an elocution class it reminds me of Ron
Burgundy yes yeah how now brown cow
yeah and to the substance of that and
they showed Rick Perry there we reported
just a couple of weeks ago on their
attempt to do additional regulations
that would require power companies to
use a certain percentage of coal trying
to basically hamper as much as possible
of renewable energy that was actually
struck down by a panel of trump
appointees even they thought that was a
step too far
but was the coal beautiful beautiful of
course my favorite clip is when Trump
comes out says then you clean coal they
they take this coal out and then they
clean it yeah yeah yeah
so by there's the Human Torch was denied
a bank loan
there was three words he said they're
burgundy style one he got right the
other two he didn't the word of the day
was reciprocal reciprocal and man he
punched it he paused he's like
reciprocal and somebody got that one
right then he was talking about
ethnicities races and he got the Creed
and he said Queen which sounds vaguely
dirty and then instead of addiction he
said addiction we got a terrible problem
of addiction going on here and now I
want to show you one last go video 9 now
this is more it's it's not laugh out
loud funny unfortunately it's more
ironic funny let's watch and we
celebrate our police our military and
our amazing veterans as heroes whose
our total and unwavering support
the police but not the FBI oh I'd like
to fire because rule of law means that I
rule over you not that there's actual
justice in the country I mean look I
know that they hide behind cops and
veterans and the flag and all those
things that they use as a punchline
meanwhile you know cop-killer bullets
are still out there because the NRA
won't let the Republicans vote against
it etc but for him under investigation
threatening to has already fired the
head of the FBI now forced Andy became
the Deputy Director of the FBI out now a
new story out an NBC today talking about
how he's thinking of having not firing
Mullard but having him arrested so for
him to talk about the rule of law when
he is willing to obstruct justice
that significantly is greatly ironic and
that it's amazing how I always you know
I thought growing up that the
Republicans are always gonna be those
who regardless of their policies like
they hide behind the cops in the
military the most and that will always
be this tight thing but it has over the
past couple of years become incredibly
flexible that you support the veterans
except you prefer veterans who weren't
shot down and captured during the
Vietnam War and you support the generals
but not the goofball generals under
Obama that he gets to attack and nobody
seems to care about that you can attack
the FBI and it doesn't seem to matter
and you can certainly ignore the
right-wing ambushes against police
officers around the country that like
now they don't even need to universally
do it in rhetoric anymore and they're
still allowed to claim that they are the
ones who support you know the men and
all uniformed
