let's go to say the Union for some funny
moments and then we'll end on a serious
note so one funny moment out of the
Trump State of the Union was when they
showed Neil core such so this is video
six I know it's silly but it was too
funny it was too so they he talks he
brags about how he did the taxes and he
brags about how you put Gorsuch on the
Supreme Court and other nominees and
then we see this including a great new
Supreme Court justice and more Circuit
Court judges than any new administration
in the history of our country
okay kid said something to him like you
said something nicely you can smile
that's my parts okay issues like you're
on camera this is you he's talking about
he looks like the angriest man in
America and the corporate robot that he
is let's watch video six one four time
four giggles signals including a great
new Supreme Court justice and more
Circuit Court judges than any new
administration in the history of our
country
friend hello another era yeah yeah I
only know because the chris Christie
thing who thought we'd have fun never
seen the Graduate yes I have alright I
didn't really go who thought we'd have
fun in the State of the Union
