Donald Trump went to Davos and then on
that trip he talked to Piers Morgan he
said a lot of interesting things on
British television first of all he
repeated his claim that quote I'm a
stable genius well at least he took very
out this time and the tweet he had said
that he was a very stable genius and
that he was like a smart person there
was a third time he said he was like a
smart person except that time he wrote
it down
well then he had other parts of the
interview that makes us question whether
that might actually be true well let's
find out what he thinks about climate
change he's believing climate change you
think it exists oh dear
is it cooling and there's a eating I
mean look it used to not be climate
change it used to be global war right
right that wasn't working too well
because it was getting too cold all over
the place
the ice caps were going to melt then
we're going to be gone by now but now
they're setting records ok they're at a
record level you know I'm like a smart
person the ice caps are at a record
level in fact let me give you that quote
the ice caps were going to melt they
were going to be gone by now
who said that no one said that but now
they're setting records they're at a
record level record for what first of
all everything has to be emphatic with
Trump these are big beautiful soft
towels referring to paper towels that
were wrapped in plastic
ice caps they're setting records records
for what well it turns out though I
gotta give them credit they are setting
records just not in the way that he
anticipated now according to Huff Post
and more importantly they're reporting
on what NASA said the polar ice caps are
breaking records for melting and last
year NASA reported the sea ice in both
Arctic and the Antarctic was at a record
low again due to melting the reason why
you guys voted in a Young Turks poll
that Donald Trump is actually dumber
than George W Bush is because you got a
sense from Bush that he realized he
wasn't that bright Trump has no idea the
ice caps are at a record it's a record
for melting weirdo ok whatever it still
records a big beautiful
record oh all right
ice on the ocean and our land are both
disappeared rapidly according to Rutgers
University climate scientist Jennifer
Fran and we know why increase in
greenhouse gases from burning fossil
fuels that trap more heat and melt the
ice but that is a scientist so Trump of
course will think that it's not real
whereas Republican propaganda paid for
by the fossil fuel industry and his mind
is the real news Donald Trump says
there's a cooling and there's a heating
as you just saw I mean look it used to
be not climate changing used to be
global warming right that wasn't working
too well because it was getting too cold
all over the place all right well let's
investigate whether it is in fact
getting too cold all over the place
climate change according to NASA refers
to a broad range of global phenomenon
created predominantly by burning fossil
fuels the increasing average temperature
of the earth that is global warming is
one key result others are rising sea
levels and a growing trend toward
extreme weather and weather anomalies
linked to that so in other words is the
scientists then say we were wrong about
global warming we retract that no no
that never happened they said yes global
warming is real and we can show it to
you and in the numbers which I'm about
to but on top of that there are other
events that happen because of climate
change you should be aware of extreme
droughts extreme hurricanes and storms
but again Donald Trump has never
bothered to investigate any of this
he has no intellectual curiosity besides
she's fundamentally corrupt and as long
as he's being funded by the fossil fuel
industry he's perfectly happy to do
ignore facts but here our job is to give
you facts so let's do it as for things
getting too cold all over the place
there hasn't been a cooler than average
year since 1976 according to more than
135 years of temperature records kept by
NASA and the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration now I know
there's some lunatics who think oh you
can't trust NASA there are a bunch of
scientists
and they are part of a Chinese hoax even
though there are NASA well that doesn't
really matter the temperatures are clear
everybody knows the temperatures you
could ask any scientist you like what
the temperatures were for all those
years and it continues to get hotter and
hotter and hotter that's a fact I'm so
disputing that fact you can claim oh no
it's just a coincidence and it's not
man-made just happens to be happening
first of all then you should do
something about it anyway and give us
your alternative hypothesis as to why
it's happening instead it could be
warming it could be cooling there's cold
all over the place last year was Earth's
second hottest on record the world's
oceans were the hottest ever recorded in
2017 does not look like that is cold all
over the place I've got more facts the
last four years have been the globe's
four hottest on record according to NOAA
that is again our government not the
Chinese government saying that that's
our scientists and by the way all of the
world's scientists so there's no dispute
that there is in fact global warming on
a macro scale and obviously Trump has no
idea what the difference between the
weather and climate is so as soon as he
sees snow he's like I knew it I knew
there was no global warming you know I'm
like a smart person no you're actually
one of the dumbest people that has ever
been in in public office or in the
public sphere period I mean are you
positive that other reality show stars
and that's what he is were dumber than
him I mean I would argue that he was
among the dumbest reality show stars we
had let alone people in office but you
know that that's him on the ice cap so
we got one last quote for you on that
idea of the environment overall he says
he does believe in quote clean air I
believe in crystal clear beautiful water
I believe in just having good
cleanliness in all Jesus Christ this is
not about whether you keep your room
clear okay
so I dog boy like to wash my hands I
like cleanliness
I like big beautiful water
the one that surrounds Puerto Rico okay
but it is true that he does like things
that are clean including clean coal
because he said this once you've ended
the war on beautiful clean call and it's
just been announced that a second
brand-new coal mine where they're going
to take out clean coal meaning to take
it out coal they're gonna clean it is
opening you know I'm like a smart person
they're gonna take out the coal and then
clean it that's what he thinks clean
coal is one of the dumbest guys in
America and if you voted for him and you
see all this evidence and you're still
proud well apparently he's got
competition you just watch the video by
the young turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
