there's been a number of murders over
the last year that have raised concerns
about an organization a neo-nazi group
that is growing in the United States now
currently what we know about this group
is that it's small there are dozens of
individuals who have joined in and they
are not only neo-nazis but also very
much anti-government and they plan on
overthrowing the government and doing so
in a violent way now we know this
because it's in their manifesto it's
online it's something that they openly
preach about time and time again and it
seems as though no one's really on to
them or doing anything about it now the
recent story that drew attention to this
neo-nazi group involved a 19 year old
student in Orange County California that
was found stabbed to death and his name
was Blaise Bernstein and the suspect
who's been arrested in connection to his
murder is a man by the name of Sam
Woodward
now Sam Woodward who you can see there
is a member of this neo-nazi group and
I'm gonna tell you a little more about
them right now
the name is Adam Waffen Adam Waffen
division a relatively new Charles Manson
obsessed neo-nazi outfit that defines
itself as a revolutionary National
Socialist organization centered around
political activism and the practice of
an autonomous fascist lifestyle now what
you saw there was in quotes because that
is what they state themselves about
their own group they have the ultimate
aim of overthrowing the US government
through the use of terrorism and
guerrilla warfare
now Woodward the man who has been
arrested in connection to the murder of
Blaise Bernstein joined the hate group
back in 2016 and attended a three day
training camp with other members in
Texas during 2016 I wonder why I can't
quite tell why people were encouraged to
do that at that time all right what else
happened so during that training they
openly talked about the need for a
violent overthrow of the government
their hatred for minority groups and
anyone who isn't a
you know white male is very open and
apparent and they also talked about how
they're against so-called keyboard
warriors they don't want people to you
know do activism from the comfort of
their own homes behind a computer screen
they want people to take physical action
so there was the death of Blaise
Bernstein and then there's also
something interesting that we talked
about a couple months ago the murder of
these two parents in Virginia Reston
Virginia so the atom Waffen connection
has also been reported in the bizarre
murder of Scott Fricker and Buckley Kuhn
frikar in there Reston Virginia home in
December that story involved a teenage
girl who was involved with a man who was
also part of this group and apparently
once the parents realized that he was
this neo-nazi they advised their
daughter to stop seeing him he
retaliated by showing up to their home
and literally murdering them so the camp
that they went to they themselves called
the doomsday hate camp and they were
they took a picture they're wearing
skull masks and Nazi and doing Nazi
salutes the quote that Anna read you
about guerrilla warfare and terrorism is
their own quote yes so they say we are
terrorists and we're looking through the
over through the American government now
Anna's right it's just it's not a huge
group best that people can Dell
groups like the anti-defamation league
are tracking them they've about 80
members okay but with those 80 members
they've already done significant damage
by the way the Adam Waffen in German
means atomic weapon and so there's the
Blaise Bernstein murder and let me just
pause there for a second so they hate
blacks and Latinos and Muslims you're
not surprised by that but until you get
into the this extreme right-wing
neo-nazi movement you don't realize how
much they hate the Jews and that comes
up over and over again watch my
interview with David Duke on TYT
interviews I was surprised I thought
he's gonna talk
about blacks and and people crossing the
border and all this stuff
no obsessed with Jewish Americans
obsessed
so Blaise Bernstein happens to be Jewish
he's killed in a hate crime and and so
it always comes back to that so that
there was that there was the Fricker's
who were murdered another guy in this
small little group but that's two sets
of murders three people killed according
to investigators so far that is what
they believe happened and then there's
the the this interesting case of in
Tampa Devon Arthur's who killed two of
his roommates Jeremy hemmelman and
Andrew one shocked and there was a
fourth roommate Brandon Russell turns
out they were all part of Adam Wofford
and this crazy twist to the story
there's another story we had reported on
it turns out that Arthur's flipped on
the roommates now look you know him to
be in this group you have to be damaged
in some way I mean for like your life's
got to be going so miserable you got to
blame it on the Jews the Muslims the
blacks Latinos and I know that a lot of
things are blamed on Muslims and Latinos
particularly these days in mass but for
those folks a lot of things are going
wrong in their life right that they need
a scapegoat so but in order to be in
this division where you're saying you're
a terrorist neo-nazi there's got to be
something particularly wrong so Devin
Arthur's then flips and decides that
he's gonna go in a different direction
and he's gonna become an extreme Muslim
what any murders his fellow neo-nazis
but they don't get Brandon Russell who's
the fourth roommate and Devin Arthur's
tells the story about how they were
gonna blow up a nuclear power plant and
then authorities are like I don't know
about that and it turns out Brandon
Russell had an explosive device that's
right and so there was a real plot these
are hardcore terrorists there's all
these killings all across the country in
different place in the country plus the
plot to blow up a nuclear power plant so
this is incredibly dangerous now let us
pause for a second imagine we knew of a
group that had publicly declared that
they were Muslim radicals that we're
gonna there were 80 of them and they
said they were terrorists and they were
looking to overthrow their
in government and had done these murders
throughout the country now how do you
think it would get covered in the media
no but I mean not only covered in the
media but talked about by our elected
officials and that's the thing that
concerns me the most because while I
think that it's completely fine to track
extremists of all backgrounds I don't
care if you're Muslim I don't care if
you're Christian I don't care I don't
care if you are planning any type of
plot that harms people that murders
people the that that hurts anyone then
the government should be tracking you
should be investigating you should be
doing anything and everything to prevent
it but in this case it seems as though
this is an organization that is openly
talking about causing serious harm to
people and what's what's happening I
mean why are they able to carry out
these murders without people
investigating them and preventing that
what is the whole point of the NSA why
are they spying on every single American
indiscriminately right why why it's
because of national security we want to
keep people safe you have this group of
people openly talking about how they
want to cause harm to others how they
want to violently overthrow the
government is anyone watching them is
anyone tracking them is anyone keeping
an eye on what's going on that's what I
want to know the media is corrupt the
media is doing a crappy job in covering
this good on The Washington Post for
covering the story in their paper but
overall I'm not really seeing much
attention drawn to this are you kidding
me you know cable news would go
epileptic over this oh my god we found a
group of 80 a cell of 80 declared
terrorists Muslims in the country and
they've already committed all these
murders in different parts of the
country oh my god the terrorists are
here and they're looking overthrow the
government well and you would be over
and over and over and over again
Oh neo-nazis it's not a big deal they're
just murdering random Jews and parents
and etc and planning to blow things up
no big deal are you they're all from
autumn vafan so what okay and then Trump
says we we got to ban Muslims until we
figure out what the hell is going on
that's what he said during the campaign
then he does a Muslim man finds out
that's illegal and then she goes yeah I
meant a travel ban right so
banning all Muslims in this case you
don't have to ban all right wingers
you'd have investigated all right ways
and we would never agree to that right
but here is a specific group of
neo-nazis who say we would like to do
terrorism and they have already three of
their members two members of one I guess
former member right has already killed
all these people and do but there's no
investigation until we figure out what
the hell's going on and and I hope to
FBI which from time to time does a good
job of tracking down the plots sometimes
a on file Muslim terrorist plots which
they stop at a greater rate but that's
good I'm thrilled that they're stopping
those plots right wing plots which they
right-wing extremist plots which they
block at a lower percentage but still
from time to time they'll catch like the
guys who were planning to blow up the
apartment building where Somalis we're
living and I think it was Kansas so some
good work there but this would appear to
be something that we should all be
concerned about and should be target of
an actual investigation based on
credible evidence rather than I don't
like this group of people
so let's demagogue over it you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
