recently CNN in Atlanta was dealing with
some significant death threats that were
lodged at them by in nineteen year old
by the name of Brandon grease mere now
he had called CNN on 22 different
occasions and during those phone calls
he made threats that included I'm coming
to gun you all down and also I'm smarter
than you more powerful than you I have
more guns than you more manpower your
cast is about to get gunned down in a
matter of hours now CNN took those
threats seriously they immediately took
action to protect its employees and make
sure that everyone will be okay but
Breitbart took this story and framed it
in a way that I thought was fascinating
now what you're about to listen to is
Alex Marlow who is the host of the radio
program that Breitbart does on Patriot
radio he's speaking to John Nolte who's
the editor at large at Breitbart and
here's what they had to say about the
threats that CNN had to deal with take a
listen
but you're rightly pointing out that
pushing fake news lies as CNN does I
would you push that the president is a
racist and should be removed from office
by the 25th amendment because he's crazy
this is going to create a tension within
the country that is going to if not lead
towards violence is going to at least
push it in that direction and it's a
very cautionary and thoughtful piece and
yet CNN was fully triggered online
exploded over it and I wouldn't have you
had any thoughts on a few days later
took over the network and you have a 19
year old guy in Michigan according to
authorities he was so angry over CNN
State News that he called them with
these inexcusable death threats and
threatened to go to their Atlantic
headquarters and kill everyone so let me
give you some more from Nolte he
continued to say
is a network that is in hyperdrive to
legitimize political violence CNN wants
political violence they want people hurt
they want riots they want an Tifa out
there they see political violence as a
legitimate tool to further CNN's
far-left agenda
so that is their take on death threats
aimed at CNN that it's CNN's fault that
they are provoking political violence
you know for the longest time I couldn't
figure out why it was that they kept
making it seem as though CNN pushes for
fake news or political violence all this
BS that they keep you know spewing why
is it they keep going after CNN CNN is
the one cable news channel that goes out
of its way to pretend like it doesn't it
doesn't have any bias right it doesn't
have any political leanings they're
completely neutral all the time they
don't want to pick sides I mean yes they
have some of the hosts that do some
commentary that you know will call Trump
out but overall they always make it seem
as though both sides are equal
I mean MSNBC doesn't do that MSNBC comes
at it from a very anti Trump perspective
but they don't attack Trump I mean they
don't attack MSNBC as much and I realize
what it is they they know that CNN is
obsessed with appearing neutral and that
they won't fight back as aggressively as
some other cable news channel will but
by the way who pushes for political
violence more than anyone wouldn't it be
the president who's consistently saying
fake news fake news oh they're doing all
this bad stuff to the American people
they're misinforming you would it be
that guy would it be the guy that
tweeted this last year
no no but it's CNN it's CNN that's
provoking political violence I'm so
tired of the right-wing deciding what
the narrative is successfully framing
things and twisting things to their
advantage lying to people about what's
really going on the reality is the
conservatives right now people like the
the you know talking heads at Breitbart
that you just heard from they're the
ones pushing for political violence our
president he's pushing for political
violence they're the ones who support it
who pushed for it who framed things in
these ways I mean how are you gonna
blame in nineteen are you gonna blame
CNN for a 19 year old directing death
threats toward them like how sick is
that no well that's that's exactly the
point what they're trying to do is tell
their audience CNN has it coming
it's disgusting the guy who threatened
to kill everybody at CNN well that was
CNN's fault if CNN hadn't done the fake
news well then they wouldn't have to get
murdered but I guess since they're doing
it they're asking for it that is clearly
with John Nolte and Alex Marlowe are
driving out here I mean look there's a
lot of different ways to look at this
but to me one of the most frustrating
parts is the rest of media taking
Breitbart
or any of these alt-right lunatics
seriously oh that's a source
oh that's legitimate oh they reported on
this as if they have an interest in the
truth
look at these lunatics that think that
CNN is fomenting violence well on which
planet look I have my issues with CNN
ironically it's the opposite it's that
it not the DevExpress I don't want them
to do that under any circumstance that
they're the establishment they have an
establishment bias you know what an
establishment biases protect the status
quo now the last thing the status quo
wants is any violence in the streets
they're already part of a multi-billion
dollar corporation they just want they
don't want anybody rock the boat it's
their boat so and everyone on the CNN is
plain-jane vanilla and they take these
guys and pretend that they're the ones
should pushing for riots in the streets
you have to be a lunatic to believe that
and the rest of
takes these lunatics seriously yeah it
was it was CNN that pushed for the
protests in Charlottesville Virginia
right it was CNN that persuaded someone
to run over a counter protester and
essentially take her life it was CNN
that did that or was it Breitbart and
and right-wing non news organizations
like that that that essentially foster
this type of disgusting environment and
by the way look a politics aside we're
playing with people's lives right now
they're playing with people's lives and
they have absolutely no qualms about it
and and by the way why drop drop Jeff
suckers name in the middle of all that
there's no evidence that CNN changed
their so-called fomenting of violence
what it means again I can't describe to
you how insane that is
and to link that to Jeff Zucker and then
they protest like oh how could their
they link us to the neo-nazis well we
know that Milo asked neo-nazis for their
opinion and what though all rights
should be and then you guys have
Breitbart published it we already know
that and then you drop Jeff suckers name
in the middle of a rant about how they
have it coming gee I wonder where you're
going with that okay so that if you're
if you're not aware and you're not a
alright freak you you're totally
confused I don't know why why Jeff
Zucker Jeff Zucker happens to be Jewish
it's a whistle dog to their followers
oh it's the group it's the elite that
are doing it again remember when Alex
Jones was ranting about brian Stelter
and how he's a spawn of Satan and how
they drape the kids blood and they run
all the banks why does CNN run the
bank's it's obvious anti-semitism put in
there to foment people and then he says
at one point quote obviously John Nolte
does obviously he was provoked by CNN's
fake news in other words if you don't
like CNN fake news just like we've been
telling you not to like it I guess you'd
be provoked to into trying to kill all
of them and also think about how this is
a form of intimidation right it's a form
of intimidation if you ever have the
audacity to criticize Trump
well then immediately you will be
labeled as fake news and we're gonna go
ahead and and constantly perpetuate this
like ridiculous narrative that your fake
news to the point where people get all
up in arms
and then direct death threats to you
direct violence toward you and then if
anyone carries out any type of threat or
violence it's your fault it's your fault
for having the audacity to speak out
against our dear leader that's that's
what this is it's creating an
environment of intimidation so people
don't actually speak the truth about
Donald Trump so they don't actually
criticize him for his ridiculous failed
policies it's disgusting
look it's one thing for right-wingers to
say that CNN has a liberal bias and and
that's perfectly fine agree disagree and
Ciena and I'm sure wholly disagrees with
my assessment that they have an
establishment bias those are
conversations to be had in a political
sphere when you start doing exactly as
an appointed out intimidation winking at
violence and this is the beginning of
fascist propaganda
you cannot legitimize it because once
you take the bright parts of the world
and any of those alt-right online
so-called news publications they're not
news they're propaganda and they're
hateful and oftentimes dangerous
propaganda if you legitimize them you
have done them a great favor and a great
disservice to journalism they're not
journalists they're nowhere near it all
they want to do is stoke up their side
for dangerous propaganda if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
