there is the ultimate trump card as he
told Davos national security fear in
this war I am pleased to report that the
coalition to defeat Isis has retaken
almost 100 percent of the territory once
held by these killers in Iraq and Syria
there is still more fighting and work to
be done and to consolidate our games we
are committed to ensuring that
Afghanistan never again becomes a safe
haven for terrorists who want to commit
mass murder to our civilian populations
let's be clear the military defeat of
Isis should be applauded by Americans of
any and all parties but defining
national security narrowly does not make
us safer Isis had no brigades on our
beaches white supremacist killed 18
people in America last year double the
year before gunmen opened fire in 11 of
our schools this year alone new poisons
are being pumped into our air WMDs
deregulated by the Trump Environmental
Protection Agency storms hit us more
frequently more powerful droughts and
wildfires torrential rains and mudslides
these two are threats this too is the
State of the Union and when you hear
President Trump in his speech proclaim
the end of Isis in Syria consider that
the administration just announced
thousands of US troops will stay there
fighting the Syrian military its Iranian
allies and its Russian allies and if the
state of our union today says it's a
liberal impulse to question any new war
surely as a conservative one that
demands congressional approval to wage
war but we've heard little from Congress
less from our TV news folks
the exertion of American hard power in
modern times is perhaps the greatest
threat to the State of the Union as we
should know by now what history teaches
about hard power military power is that
there are limits to it from the ancient
Greeks and Romans from the ancient
Chinese and Persians to the modern
examples of Vietnam in Iraq the lesson
is clear hard power has these
temptations and illusions but the
reality is filled with danger hard
military power has its limits overreach
overconfidence out of balance reliance
on sheer military power is perilous for
societies at this moment in history and
ever since World War two America's
military has been and remains the
strongest the world has ever known but
we are currently stretched thin very
thin too thin the US military is engaged
in estimated 60 countries including
still being tied down in the quagmire of
Afghanistan for 17 years now we have
sworn treaty obligations to defend many
countries ranging from Japan and
elsewhere in Asia to Israel in most of
Europe the drain on American blood and
treasure is enormous there's serious
questions about whether we can sustain
this without wrecking our economy and
our national unity in deciding how to
deal with the challenge we obviously
need to be steady sensible and smart
rightly or wrongly justified or not most
Americans and many people around the
world doubt that America currently has a
president who provides leadership along
those lines that increases the
importance of us remembering we can and
should be proud of our fellow American
in military service while at the same
time being acutely aware that there is a
limit to what they and the power they
represent can do and that the exercise
of hard power is seldom effective and
gravely more risky without the use of
soft power diplomacy and dollars can
build the strongest of safeguards for
our future
the rubble left by hard power in world
war ii after all was built upon by
dramatic use of soft power creating the
united nations and subsidizing the
rebirth of our enemies Germany and Japan
with the Marshall Plan which means who
made them stalwart allies let's remember
the Marshall Plan put into place in the
wake of World War two was controversial
at the time but he got put in a beam
with bipartisan support and the Marshall
Plan soft power helped to ensure peace
for more than half a century I compare
that with today when the State
Department is in effect being hollowed
out and going forward if we continue to
hollow out our our soft power abilities
or what does that tell you about the
necessity it's likely to arise for the
use of more military power it may be
coincidence that a president who does
not believe in soft power always had
enough economic power and privilege to
ensure that he never needed soft power
his own life in business and now the
Trump administration is engaged in
wholesale unilateral disarmament of
America's soft power not just on
diplomacy and foreign aid also on trade
with other countries on immigration
refugees even tourism squeezing global
institutions of soft power the United
Nations the International Space Station
and so on it is a vision of some of
power consistent with the Trump
administration's vision of America
it reflects how they see the union
strong not through diversity and
education but by military might
surrendering to the axis of fear and
xenophobia in Davos mr. Trump advertised
America as the land of low taxes and the
home of deregulation that may make our
country great for foreign investors but
it does not establish a model anyone
ought to emulate instead and we have to
face it it's not a matter of opinion
it's a fact we have a president whose
notion of soft power his vision of the
Union has nothing to inspire anyone
about America aside from being America
there's no call to rise to something
greater to do the work of working
together a pluribus unum to support and
maintain the brilliantly designed
institutions that check our individual
power to ensure the fair use of power
for all to build a more perfect union
when I come back what new revelations
about the Russian investigation tell us
about the State of the Union
