thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt Kanye West has
been doing Kanye West things and it all
started with an appearance on SNL where
he went on a pro Trump rant now he's
been on the record supporting Trump we
all know this let's move on but he said
during this rant that Democrats are at
fault for a number of things in fact
here's an exact quote it's like the plan
they did meaning Democrats to take the
father's out the home and promote
welfare does anyone know about that
that's the Democratic plan no it's not
like when has anyone's platform
indicated that they want to take the
father's out of the home and promote
welfare anyway moving on I'm done with
him on that issue then he started
calling for the abolishment of the
Thirteenth Amendment now we have an
insanely smart audience so I know you
guys know what's in the Thirteenth
Amendment but just for the sake of
making sure we're all on the same page
let's take a look at the first graphic
I'm gonna read it to you so you know
what it says neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted shall
exist within the United States or any
place subject to their jurisdiction so
this clearly mentions that no more
slavery we're done with slavery okay so
I don't know why Kanye West would have
an issue with the Thirteenth Amendment
section 2 also has nothing objectionable
but on Twitter Kanye West said that we
need to get rid of the Thirteenth
Amendment and didn't really specify why
I think I have a guess as to why but it
all points to him being monstrously
stupid
he said that we will provide jobs for
all who are free from prisons as we
abolish the Thirteenth Amendment yeah
that doesn't make too much sense message
that with love though we'd like to bring
back slavery but sent with love yay went
on to say the Thirteenth Amendment is
slavery in disguise
no it's literally the exact opposite
he's saying meaning it never ended we
are the solution that heals I don't know
who we is but I don't want any piece of
them because if healing things is
bringing slavery back no thank you
then he realizes oh this is not playing
well so he does his last panic tweet
where he says uh not abolish I thought
you said abolish none of Oz but eczema
but period let's just note the insane
grammar like his idol Donald Trump let's
amend the Thirteenth Amendment and then
he says we apply everyone's opinions to
our platforms okay I'm going to believe
it or not try to make a case for Kanye
West his tweets okay oh okay so I'm
gonna leave now because like what do you
mean you to make a case no no no no
trying to explain them oh no it's mental
all throughout it proves what I've been
saying all along he is not a genius
sorry I love you guys who enjoy his
music but he's one of the dumbest guys
in the country okay uh it's not an
exaggeration okay so I think what he's
talking about is going further and
abolishing prisons because it says in
the Thirteenth Amendment you're we're
not gonna hold up anyone as slaves or
involuntary servitude other than in
prisons because we have to imprison you
when you commit a crime I think because
Kim Kardashian was trying to free some
people who were unjustly imprisoned this
moron a morons thought we should just
abolish all prisons but I won't even
explain that instead I'll say listen
polish the Thirteenth Amendment which
would bring back slavery oh my god
you're so dumb but I think that's where
he was driving people who want criminal
justice reform serious people people
that are with an IQ above 50 believe
that there are a lot of things that we
have to address including ending the war
on drugs ending cash bail there's so
many smart prosecutors real justice pact
from Shauna Shawn King doing a May
seeing work on this issue but no one in
their right minds believes that we
should end all prisons so murderers and
rapists can go free okay but this is me
giving him the benefit of the doubt that
he'd even meant anything so Connie had
an opportunity to clarify what he meant
right and so TMZ caught up with him and
they asked him hey can you clarify can
you explain what you meant can you
elaborate and here's how he handled it
can you explain your tweet about the
Thirteenth Amendment what I was saying
is that the 13th amendment is really
slavery in disguise and it's something
that we need to look into so I'm opening
up the conversation right when I speak I
have a feeling and I open up the
conversation a lot of things we don't
want to talk about the principles
that wrote the Constitution where Thomas
Jefferson James Madison Thomas Paine and
John Adams all white men bred
no no women no Jews no black men
and we need to look at it but the 13th
amendment was was you know neither us by
Lincoln not neither neither of us are
scholars Lincoln's I mean well yeah
that's a new tingle bob was make sure
that slavery could so Lincoln that is
like conspiracy some people think that
he might have been black right so I
can't say that Lincoln was black or
white ladies and gentlemen of the jury I
rest my case one of the dumbest guys in
the country you know Washington
Jefferson they did no note is there any
amendment is an amendment that came way
later after Washington and Jefferson
George senator Jefferson had slaves that
was way way later we had a whole war it
was called the Civil War and Lincoln
among other people did that and you're
explain she all right that's right
Abraham Lincoln was black ah I mean
Trump peas in a pod
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
