Steve Wynn has resigned from the RNC and
it follows a report by The Wall Street
Journal indicating that dozens of former
employees at his casinos had experience
sexual misconduct by him in his behavior
so let me give you the details on what
he allegedly did based on these reports
and by the way the Wall Street Journal
did speak to dozens of individuals who
corroborated these allegations and why
it led to his resignation so according
to The Wall Street Journal dozens of
people interviewed had worked with him
at his casinos and they told of his
behavior that cumulatively
would amount to a decade's long pattern
of sexual misconduct by mr. Wynn
there was a story profile of a
manicurist who worked at one of his
casinos and apparently he went in
looking for a manicure but pressured her
to do sexual favors for him after she
gave mr. Wynn a manicure she said he
pressed her or pressured her to take her
clothes off and told her to lie on the
massage table as he kept in his office
suite and she didn't want to have sex
and that she was married but he
persisted in his demands that she do so
and she ultimately did so after this
manicurist had sex with him she
immediately went and told her superiors
about it she told the human resources
department about it and absolutely
nothing happened okay so that was a
reoccurring theme in this report people
would try to speak up about what was
going on and no one would help these
individuals after being told of the
allegations the woman's supervisor said
she filed a detailed report to the
casinos Human Resources Department again
nothing happened after that now after
all these reports came out over the
weekend Wynn decided to step down from
the RNC so interestingly enough the RNC
and GOP didn't really release any
statements for the first 24 hours and
then finally they did release a
statement rod McDaniel said the
following today I accepted Steve Wynn's
resignation
as RNC finance chair that's it that's it
that's all they wrote so let's begin to
break this down first of all you know
that according to the reports Steve Wynn
paid that manicurist seven and a half
million dollars in a settlement mm-hmm
just FYI so he says no these are all
allegations and then coming forward
because of my nasty divorce with my
ex-wife I can understand that I've told
you guys this on the show a lot I've
never gone through a divorce but I have
known plenty of people who have and
people who work in the fields and
divorces can be brutal and she's trying
to do something with the stock that she
has a twin and and so nonetheless there
is and he says it's just allegations and
that doesn't make it fact and that's a
fair point but there are dozens of
people who are alleging these things and
there is settlements of not a small
nature to make a problem go away but
seven and a half million dollars seven
and a half million and that was for a
settlement involving the manicurist and
the manicurist alone there are dozens of
allegations let me give you another one
one former massage therapist at the Wynn
Las Las Vegas spa said he would
continually adjust a towel to expose
himself then at one session she said he
threw it off and said just get this
thing off of me he wouldn't let her use
a towel to cover his genitals after that
so he later pressured her to masturbate
him and then you know after that
happened
he started pressuring her toward oral
sex and she refused those advances but
again same situation she claims that she
went to complained about it but no one
did anything about it whatsoever right
and remember these are not I mean these
would be outrageous under any
circumstance but he's also their boss
right okay so now but I if there's one
thing I know about Republicans if
there's dirty money like from Harvey
Weinstein they think that it should be
returned so Anna it's weird to me that
that statement you
anything about returning the money just
said that they resign so it's no
surprise that when is a huge supporter
and backer of the GOP and especially of
Donald Trump he has given a considerable
amount of money to Republicans and
Trump's campaign and as you know he was
the finance chair for the RNC now when
the Harvey Weinstein's story came out
Republicans conservatives they were
outraged by it they were angered by it
they claimed that they wanted to protect
the women and that the DNC and every
Democratic candidate needed to return
the money to Harvey Weinstein it's
interesting because you don't see the
same behavior or the same rhetoric
directed toward Republicans and Donald
Trump himself who also accepted money
from Stephen win you don't get any of
that commentary and I mean look it's no
surprise that they're hypocrites but
that statement that came out from the
RNC was ridiculous one sentence today I
accepted Wynn's resignation as
Republican National Committee's chair
finance chair okay what about all the
women that you guys pretended to care
about when you know these scandals broke
on the left yeah now I want to get to
the comments of the head of the RNC at
this point
Ronna McDaniel and first let me show you
the Weinstein ones we're gonna go to
graphic 75 here she said during the
three decades worth of sexual harassment
allegations Harvey Weinstein line the
pockets of Democrats to the tune of
three-quarters of a million dollars if
Democrats in the DNC truly stand up for
women like they say they do then
returning this dirty money should be a
no-brainer well to be fair to the
Republicans three-quarters of a million
dollars is a lot of money I have been
deceived when give that much the
Republicans of course you know it's more
in fact here's the numbers since 2012
when has given two and a half million
dollars to the Republican Governors
Association alone four hundred and
eleven thousand dollars to their
National Republican Senator committee
two hundred and forty eight thousand
dollars the Republican National
Committee and a hundred thousand dollars
to the National Republican campaign
committee and not being satisfied with
that he also donated seven hundred
thousand two hundred and seventeen
dollars to Trump's inauguration and by
the way this is only the money that is
reported there's also dark money there's
the money that he has given to other
groups that are not reported back to him
so we know that he is given far more
than three quarters of a million dollars
at YC new to the Democrats now look if
you say Democrats should return ycs
money I totally understand that that's a
very fair point but this money is also
from decades of sexual harassment
allegations almost didn't exist a very
similar fact pattern and that is what
the Republicans earlier called dirty
money right and so far not a word about
returning it it's just pathetic like the
double standard is pathetic and look
they they successfully frame things to
their advantage and you hear some
liberals in the media criticizing
Republicans for you know the double
standard here but overall I mean they
get away with this hypocrisy time and
time again it's totally okay for them to
go after people do so aggressively but
whenever the same behavior is happening
on their side they just gloss over it
not a big deal so I mean again uneven
playing field and so sometimes
progressives rightfully call out their
own and I don't think Harvey Weinstein
is representative of anybody but should
he be disavowed absolutely right and and
there are cases with me sometimes based
on flimsy allegations from just
conservatives progressives will do a
circular firing squad so quick you won't
know what hit you Republicans on the
other hand don't care even though we
just said the opposite just a little
while ago I'm not gonna return the money
I don't care I'm gonna circle the wagons
Trump is accused by 19100 sexual
harassment I said all those things about
you know Al Franken John Conyers you
name it right don't care not gonna do
anything about Trump and the list goes
on and on now Steve Wynn he gave
millions of millions of dollars of the
Republicans we were lying when we said
it was dirty money or that we
cared about sexual harassment we don't
care we're just gonna keep it what are
you gonna do about it and so when you
have one side that always circles the
wagon on the other side that always
surrenders it's not a good combination
if you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
