Cape Town the second-largest city in
South Africa is faced with a dire
situation involving water they are
quickly running out of water and soon
they will have to ration a very small
amount per person now Cape Town
according to reports is set to become
the first major world hub to exhaust its
water supply once its reservoirs dry up
in mid to late April at least four
million people will run out of water
when that happens so they're already
going after people in the form of fines
if they utilize more water than they're
supposed to so to give you an idea in
less than three months they will need to
stand in line to receive individual
allotments of water at present those
living in the city have been asked to
limit themselves to only 87 litres of
water per day that's 23 gallons
On February 1st that number will drop to
50 litres or 13 gallons and if you want
to juxtapose what they're dealing with
and and how much water the average
American uses Americans use about a
hundred gallons of water each day so
think about how your lifestyle if you're
living in the United States would be
impacted by this type of limitation now
when the water completely runs out or
not completely runs out when the water
is so low that they have to take extreme
action they're referring to that as day
zero the day when taps will run dry each
person will only be limited to six point
six gallons of water so it has begun and
and look there's a lot of factors
climate change of course a huge part of
it droughts just as predicted by the
scientists I know for a lot of
conservatives if it didn't happen to
them
it didn't happen they're like Cape Town
where's that don't care but it's on it's
on planet Earth if you don't know and
the climate doesn't go okay I will only
affect Africa but you know America you
guys are number one so it will not
affect you it does affect us first of
all we have the extreme hurricanes
second of all we have the extreme
because of the droughts we're having so
right now we're not at this dire
situation and and there are other
factors Cape Town had unfortunately
their leadership had incredible in
confidence and not preparing for this
ahead of time something that they could
have seen coming along the way and
Biltmore plants etc but to be down fro
to 6.6 gallons of work first of all
we're having conversations about now
serious cities being at day zero
I mean we had South Paulo and Brazil
that also had a similar situation so
this is not the end but it is the
beginning and and this is not a pretty
picture they some are now having to
recycle toilet water their
recommendations for how long showers
should be is one and a half minutes can
do it yeah and so this stuff is real and
and just because this thought starts in
Cape Town doesn't mean that it ends
there you know I just want to add and
this sounds like this setup to a joke
but it's actually true I've had the
honor of interviewing this guy Ronnie
Kasrils a couple times who was the
minister of intelligence under the table
oh and becky government in south africa
and also the water minister and it's a
much bigger there's a climate peace but
there's also failed privatization plans
in south africa there's a broader water
distribution problem on the continent
and i just think i want to put this in
relationship to that because of climate
it's going to be coming for all of us
but the solutions that we find and how
well they're distributed and i don't
really you know it matters that it's
happening to Capetown period but there
is a reason that cape town is a very
affluent in advanced in a well to city
it's a western city in south africa and
this is a sort of distribution problem
that's showing up in a lot of places
like some paulo so I think as we attack
these kind of problems we need to look
at the climate dimension and then make
sure that the solutions aren't sort of
disproportionate and reinforce other
inequalities and by the way other cities
they are concerned might face similar
situations if this keeps going our
little known cities like Tokyo London
and Miami so we're all on the same
planet and it keeps on rolling in to
Michael's point about privatization and
the disasters that leads to in Bolivia
they tried
all the water so they were then started
to find and try to arrest people who
were trying to capture rainwater in
their own homes in their own backyards
so because it violated private companies
rights that was the reason and you know
in the UN it wasn't recognized as
actually a basic human right until
several years ago because Western
countries and countries Believe It or
Not with bottled water industries
blocked it the notion that water access
is a basic right and as the water gets
more limited because of worldwide
droughts again exactly as predicted by
the sciences in fact the saying this
were a little too conservative about
when the droughts would come and how
severe they would be then the private
water companies the bottled water
companies will have even more leverage
and will have even more power and then
we're all fighting over water and that
is a state of absolute disaster so
oftentimes when people like Barack Obama
made comments about climate change being
a threat to national security
you'd have people on the right they'd
scoff at that they would think it was a
joke but the reason why it's a threat to
national security is because if you have
limited resources that you literally
need to survive you think people won't
go to war over those resources you think
there won't be unrest I think most
conflicts are actually resource driven
to begin with yeah that's a very smart
way of reading israel-palestine it's
water access in many respects yeah in
the rest of the Middle East the oil is
an enormous issue in terms of resource
but in Israel it water is the main issue
and so in a sense the water wars have
already begun but this is just more
public facing and more of an obvious
catastrophe you just watch the video by
the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
