conservatives have finally reacted to
the New York Times story story
indicating that Trump planned on firing
robert muller back in June of 2017
now Trump himself was asked about the
report and here's what he told reporters
take a look my favorite thing is the
face he makes like his facial expression
as he says fake news everyone fake me
like he does this like smug annoying
face every time he says it
he's like an extraterrestrial who hung
out like on a teamster site in like
Queens that like taught him out of
behavior that's right that's like Oh de
lis stilted and bizarre and then learned
like be a jerk right that's that button
there kept Olivia I still I see those
photos on one thing it still gets me and
it's a we've had it wrong I mean the
general consensus that press has had it
wrong from the start Rex Tillerson is
there with Trump at Davos Rex Tillerson
ran a oil company ran it apparently
pretty well cuz the man or managed it
pretty well it's an awful company don't
get to do it by being an ass whore and
you know he's a dumb but I mean they got
they have their own army mm-hmm and they
saw the State Department and diplomats
in general as as obstacles to getting
done what they wanted to do and so he
came in to this job and he is the worst
pick in the world he is not an insane
person he's just has no business being
in government that bad and then we look
back ten years on the history of the
Trump administration that will prove to
be I believe his worst cabinet pick by
four Wow
that's a strong state without Pruitt Ben
Carson
best video on cetera today this guy
horse is doing a really good job it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter nailing
it
you know why bankers giving people
copies of the secret when they're
evicted from them yeah
because Ben Carson fell asleep right
after he got confirmed forgot the
dismantle the department all making it
Prewitt and sessions are gonna make the
final four don't get me wrong
horrible damage to the country but Rex
Tillerson will ultimately will
ultimately win because the damage he can
do and already has done is is profound
and affects the world rather than just
those okay so that was Trump's reaction
fake new their fake news but there was
also reaction from Trump's favorite news
source Fox News so at first when the New
York Times report came out Sean Hannity
had a very clear reaction and it was to
brush it under the rug take a look now
tonight for example they're trying to
change the story at this hour the New
York Times is trying to distract you
they have a story that Trump wanted
Muller fired sometime last June and our
sources and I've checked in with many of
them they're not confirming that tonight
and the president's attorney dismissed
the story and says no no comment we're
not going there and how many times is
the New York Times and others gotten it
wrong okay
reaction and then 40 minutes later same
show during the same show during the
same show apparently his sources got
back to him with some different
information so let's see what his
reaction is now all right so we have
sources that I just confirming to aunt
Henry that yeah maybe Donald Trump
wanted a fire the special counsel for
conflict does he not have the right to
raise those questions you know we'll
deal with this tomorrow night we have a
shocking video of the day to bring you
by the way this footage comes to us from
Arizona where you see that red SUV
high-speed police chase ultimately the
suspects actually did cheat on you
better
yeah he looks so puffy man ya know it's
murder it's ridiculous of course he
didn't murder anyone fine he murdered
him but so what I mean you're not a lot
of people maybe maybe he doesn't have a
right to put a contract on somebody
anyways what's my favorite thing is in
the first reaction he's like they're
just trying to distract you that's all
they're trying they're trying to
distract you in the second video look at
this car chase they try to distract you
but squirrel party it's like that a nice
phone for every single conversation I
don't want to add check it out that is
by far the best point I could possibly
make thank you but he just between you
guys he's like I call my I call my
sources Sean hey Mark Levine Limbaugh
it's alex jones has better sources than
hannity yeah yeah which I never would
try you like that are there like Alex
Jones with him like yeah that's exactly
what I said yeah and and and and quick
before we're just you know remember that
in Jew and Christian and no again
nothing happens accidentally Chris ruddy
who runs Newsmax and was making the
rounds on television ruddy was making
those rounds on television saying Trump
might fire molar because he was trying
to get Trump not to fire mode right
that's why they were out there doing
that Chris readies his friend and
obviously McCann had threatened to
resign my hunches began got him to do
that or something you know connect they
were they they clearly had the same
agenda sort of going public with this to
sort of make sure that Trump feels
pressure not to do it I mean the story
is obviously true and I meet with Trump
is like you know what guys we're not
going to do it and I've been thinking
about it I know everybody else wants to
Worth before we get too far away from
Magan Magan saying that he wouldn't that
he would resign right remember that when
when Nixon tried to fire ball Cox
famous Saturday night met Saturday live
master Saturday master 1973 the Attorney
General United States resigned his
deputy attorney general or Elliot
Richardson resign
William Ruckelshaus the Deputy Attorney
General resigns such they wouldn't do it
right and who did it who was the third
guy they got Dorai George or Rob report
that's right
so Hannity went on a little bit of a
Twitter rant following his show I want
to share a little bit of that with you
he said also liberal sheep think I would
run wild with New York Times anonymous
sources and not confirm myself sure I
trust the New York Times that put this
picture of the cover of their magazine I
added the green anyway so apparently the
New York Times used that image of him
and he was offended by it he added the
green to it I don't know why it's not a
bad picture I would love it if someone
pretty much every day being a right-wing
talker has to be the easiest job in the
world I have to really think about
dropping my values just imagine that you
just can't just get that's your job I
heard John Hannity it's incredible
they're totally right but you're liberal
shape yeah but also car crush he didn't
he didn't identify his sources when he
was doing his show Yeah right
yeah no that's a great point another
great point by Ana Edie Henry also has
anonymous sources ed Henry is the Fox
News reporter that confirmed the New
York Times story Sean Hannity changes to
an on his own show on that day as we
just showed you
based on Edie Henry's anonymous sources
right all right so we have one more
video for you and this is the cast of
Fox and Friends reacting to the New York
Times story favorite typical New York
Times look in the first paragraph all of
this reporting based on for people who
are told of the matter right it also
screams of a leak from the special
counsel because we did know a little bit
about this we heard back in June that
there were talks of the president wasn't
happy with Bob Mahler what would he do
right but some new details that may or
may not actually be true all right well
the president says it's fake news that
happened last June you know it's
something we have to tell you about
because it is a headline in New York
Times what do you think about that do
you even care something you probably do
care about is immigration yeah by the
way I just the president sent it so
we're just gonna go with what the
president said that's not journalism
right she's referred to herself as
journalist so a person in a position of
power says something and you just take
that for fate at face value and you
don't ever question I mean obviously Fox
is catering specifically to Trump Trump
watches Fox & Friends and Hannity
religiously it's pretty much all he does
while he's in the White House so it's
just it's pathetic it's propaganda we it
is propaganda at its most and it is no
different than Soviet propaganda it is
it is it is it is it's got a nicer face
on it it's an HD but North Korean
propaganda has better art program it is
I mean that these guys the the you know
the who the woman is Ainsley Ainsley
Earhardt that is a good name the the
other guy not brian kilmeade and then
and then a blockhead from 1955 movie
1955 if you want to call the other guy
not Brian kill tono know they're like
all right we need a frat boy
looks like he's from 1955 Central
Casting with a really big blockhead but
boom perfect but that's the more that's
this morning right yeah it's learning so
Hannity has already reacted and
acknowledged the story is true and then
they've decided to still continue in
that vein even though the night before
their own reporter ed Henry confirmed
that the story is true and blockhead not
Brian Kilmeade
continues to spread that news well also
keep in mind that and Media Matters did
a really great job in going back and
finding all the different instances that
people on Fox News urged Donald Trump to
fire Muller right so back in June of
2017 when Trump was thinking about
firing Muller Fox News was consistently
constantly talking about how he should
do so so to give you examples and again
the sources Media Matters they've been
tracking this in June of 2017 Fox host
Sean Hannity and his guest repeatedly
called for Muller to be removed
according to Media Matters analysis
Hannity and Fox legal analyst Gregg
Jarrett called for Muller to resign
recuse himself or be fired at least 39
times and there's only 30 days in June
it's not one of our longer months so
additionally hand
and his guests claimed that Muller had a
conflict of interest a hundred and two
times so I mean it's it's amazing it's
like a cycle ago yeah so but but think
about that for a second and to all of
your points about how its propaganda so
Trump is considering firing Muller in
June and he obviously had some sort of
conversations with Sean Hannity and
other folks hit Fox News and said send
the word out that we want Muller fire so
they mentioned in a you know over a
hundred times whether he resigned
conflict the visitors and we know from
the New York Times story that's now
confirmed including by Fox News that
what the thing that they wanted to use
against Muller was that he had a quote
unquote conflict of interest so they do
that overwhelming propaganda then
Trump's lawyers talk him out of firing
Muller and then Fox News's Sean Hannity
drops that topic so although the
textbook propaganda yeah yeah they still
went after Muller because of course you
don't have to fire him the other effort
is is that you you just undermine it so
whatever whenever the charges come
whatever they are they they don't have
any weight and he's a partisan that's
right but it was a but it was a
coordinated concentrated effort
particularly in June and so they are
literally in some way shape or form
getting talking points from the White
House maybe from the President himself
and then going and doing propaganda on
national television form so it's one
thing if you agree with someone then you
say oh well you know Hannity Grizzles
trunk which is true in most of the cases
it's another thing if you the White
House or a government official or a
politician calls you and says this is
what you are to say on TV try to destroy
my political opponents and do as I tell
you that's propaganda and Ainsley
Earnhardt and Fox and forensic just even
if you're right with your for a second
let's say Obama wanted to fire a special
counsel investigating him that might put
him away and Obama has already fired the
FBI head who was looking into him he's
already tried to pressure the Attorney
General to get out of him and then will
you find out that Obama wanted to fire
the special counsel do you think that
Fox and Friends would go do you even
care you just watch the video by The
Young Turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm /join
