so just to give you a quick reaction
from Democrats Chuck Schumer did react
to Trump's proposal and he says the
following this plan flies in the space
of what Americans believe Trump finally
acknowledged that the dreamers should be
allowed to stay here and become citizens
he uses them as a tool to tear apart our
legal immigration system and adopt the
wish list that anti-immigration
hardliners have advocated for years by
the way Ted Cruz is now on the record
saying that he's not necessarily in
favor of this proposal because he
doesn't like the protections for daca
recipients and dreamers it's it's
incredible let me read you his quote
very quickly he says I do not believe we
should be granting a path to citizenship
to anybody here illegally doing so is
inconsistent with the promises we made
to the men and women who elected us was
disgusting first right and I think what
Chuck Schumer scored is great and now
everybody needs to hold his feet to the
fire and the caucuses feet to the fire I
think this is probably too far though
even for failing Democrats
I don't see how I don't think they'll do
this but I mean and the flip side is the
daca kids are out of luck yeah well
that's the consequences of power well
look I I wouldn't put it past as
Democrats to do it any deal like they
can't take this deal can they take 80%
of this deal yes don't put it past them
right now maybe that's entirely sure
it's entirely possible I mean again you
know I'm less cynical about what the
situation Democrats we're in this is the
this is the party as flawed as it may be
that still tries to make the argument
every two years the government works
this is out and and shutting down the
government is anathema to them it
doesn't work they don't like it they
don't want to do it and so yeah the
result is that strategically they are
outplayed again and again and again and
I'm not certain they going to make an
argument they're smart but I don't want
to lose focus of who's bad guys here so
any in to Anna's point for a lot of the
conservatives that have come out already
they find this to be abhorrent ly
lenient on immigrants
so Mark Levine said it is absolutely
pathetic we should never give any of
these dreamers citizenship and Breitbart
news just ran a headline called amnesty
Dodd their enemies are gonna fold on
this proposal in a matter of days and
that could be what ends up killing it
because that will profoundly upset this
administration there's there's no bottom
to their barrel so last thing so what
constructively what can you do what
could the Democratic leaders do it's
easy to yell at them what could they do
well here's one thing they could do
let's take your piece by piece
let's you build these walls one brick at
a time
so let's vote on Daka hey 87 percent my
American people are on our side you want
to vote on that why why would you allow
a vote why won't you a lot of vote hey
you know what
but let's vote on your wall let's move
it on your wall and then let's vote on
whether we should end illegal
immigration gotta chase every part of
that boat we have the American people on
our side on the wall but you should well
know you can say it you're right and I'm
all go ahead say it if more happen
there'll be no vote on those things
that's why they're tied together that's
why Stephen Miller and John Kelly wrote
it this way that's what the whole point
they'll never get those folks that and
so then you do what Michael Anna et
cetera said every day go why won't they
allow the votes why are they shutting
the government down because they won't
allow simple one by one so specifically
here's the specific abuse that's taking
place here's a detention center where a
woman was assaulted mean as an example
we're in a me-too error right could you
imagine if you dug into places even
places like Oregon where people who are
undocumented are being held in county
jails which isn't even legal
there is a whole realm of abuses you
could expose here and contextualise
because these policies are not just
people being disgusting on TV like Ted
Cruz or Donald Trump
there are abusive to millions of people
antithetical to who we're supposed to
and you know what put up pictures put up
pictures not gonna get a hold up no no
but no but yeah but then you break them
right okay then you you break their back
in the elections that's called politics
for here every day you put up a picture
of a new dreamer who went to Harvard or
what the Yale who went to Stanford
whatever it covers okay he's gonna cover
it who's gonna come out there you know
what you do you say god damn see
New York Times they are negligent they
are anti-democrat they are anti
progressive they have conservative
owners they're multibillion-dollar
corporations and they won't cover these
dreamers because they are pro Republican
now of course we'll never do that well
why don't you fight back put up the
pictures of those dreamers and say
they're going to try to deport this
person because they're monsters and they
took them hostage and every day show a
new hostage okay
then and and then your countdown the
number of days that these people have
been taken hostage okay and then make
CNN for once can you pressure the press
who is never on your side to actually
say oh wait oh right that's a good point
well how come we only get pressure from
the right but we never get pressure from
the left so why don't you talk about the
hostages but they don't do that because
they don't want to fight you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
