each year the Edelman Trust Barometer is
issued for 28 different countries where
they survey tens of thousands of people
in each of those countries to find out
how much they trust their particular
government and this past october 33,000
Americans were interviewed by the
Edelman Trust Barometer and their
answers indicate that only one-third of
people in this country trust the federal
government a drop of 14 points since
before Donald Trump was sworn in as
president of the United States so it
took Donald Trump 9 full months to make
trust in the government here in this
country dropped by 14 points when Obama
was president we had almost half of
people in this country who said you know
what I do trust the government I believe
in the government I think they're doing
everything they can to make lives for
American citizens better nine months of
Donald Trump and he killed it and you
know what there aren't gonna be any
Republicans losing sleep over this poll
donald trump doesn't care about this
poll first and foremost he thinks all
polls that show him not doing well or
fake news but the reason that
Republicans aren't going to care that
only a third of American citizens trust
the government is because that's what
they want they have wanted this for
decades they do not want the American
public to trust the government they do
not want the American public to think
that the government is doing a good job
because they hate the federal government
we have elected officials that somehow
hate this institution of government and
yet voters continue to send them to DC
to run this thing that they hate so they
intentionally run it into the ground to
prove themselves right it's failure by
design that is one of the reasons that
Republicans have kind of backed off on
the whole issue of Donald Trump being a
horrible person they don't care about it
so much anymore because they see that
he's destroying the very thing that they
hate the government and why do they hate
the government because they
think private corporations can do it
better it's all about privatization we
see it all the time right now with the
post office the post office sucks
according to Donald Trump they're not
charging people enough they're losing
money they're hemorrhaging so let's let
private corporations take over right
let's you know make American citizens
consumers have to pay more money to ship
a piece of mail across the country
because we want private corporations to
do better because the federal
government's just awful because that's
how we designed it to be there was a
time when Republicans didn't hate the
government in the United States of
course that was a time that happened
long before I was even born and many of
the the people coming up now don't know
about those times because they existed
long before they were born but there are
people in this country who remember when
Republicans weren't trying to destroy
the government for that from the inside
when Republicans weren't trying to
privatize every individual thing that
the government is supposed to do like
building roads and bridges and
privatizing education and privatizing
security forces around the globe instead
of letting our military handle it that
is what Republicans are doing so this
Edelman Trust Barometer that shows that
Americans are losing trust in the
government that is exactly what the
Republican Party has been waiting to
hear if you're thinking about
subscribing to our Channel I strongly
encourage you to do that but if you're
not thinking about subscribing I would
encourage you to start thinking about it
and then once you're thinking about it
actually go and do it you can see the
subscribe button right there on the
screen or if you're watching on a
different platform go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire
