this year t Whitey's been making a lot
of moves now you can too now how you
gonna do that you want to launch a new
business that sounds fun
you're gonna change careers jeezum Lord
mercy you're gonna need a website for
all that lucky for you Squarespace also
making moves
you're gonna go to squarespace.com slash
tyt you get 10% off your first purchase
and you're gonna get to build anything
you want on that website with a unique
domain what are you crazy go do it now
go the issue of pay among genders in
Hollywood has been coming up over and
over again and of course there has been
some evidence to indicate that women in
Hollywood get paid significantly less
than men in Hollywood now Jessica
Chastain is one of the actresses who's
really shining a light on this issue and
recently Octavia Spencer talked about
how Chastain not only talks the talk but
walks the walk so they're gonna work
together on a new movie it's gonna be a
comedy and it seems like it's doing well
but during negotiations over salaries
for both Chastain and Octavia an issue
came up that I thought was fascinating
and what I found even more interesting
was the way Jessica Chastain responded
to it now what you're about to watch is
a panel discussion for Sundance TV and
pay close attention to what Spencer says
about pay and what Chastain has done to
equalize pay among women in Hollywood we
were talking about pay equity and with
men and women and she was like it's time
that women get paid the same as man I'm
like yeah Jessica it's time you know we
were you dropping f-bombs and you know
getting it all out there and then I said
but here's the thing women of color on
that spectrum we make far less than
white women so we're gonna have that
conversation about pay equity we got to
bring the women of color to the table
and I told her my story and we talk
numbers and she was quiet and she had no
idea that that's what it was like for
women of color and so she's in a private
I don't know these are happy to hear I
love that woman because she's walking
the walk and she's actually talking the
talk she said Octavia we're gonna get
you paid on this film I said I would
love to do your film but here's the
thing I'm gonna have to get paid she
said we're of course and you're not
gonna be tied together we're gonna be
favorite Nations and we're gonna make
the same thing and you're gonna make
that amount and fast forward to last
week we're making five times works
believe she is walking the walk and we
want a brownie now I want to go to what
the men are making but right now it
feels really good okay I love that video
yeah I mean if I was getting paid five
times more I'd feel really good too so
no I I love that video because of what I
learned from it so I think there's a
complicated issue I don't think it's
black and white and so but but let's
look at all sides of it so first off you
know when we talk about gender parity in
terms of pay and in Hollywood for
example the people asking for the parody
are not saying that if you've got Brad
Pitt in a movie and a side actress you
never heard of they should get the same
pay nobody's making that claim so let's
just be clear about that now on the
other hand sometimes we used to say that
you got Brad Pitt and and a you know a
star but not not angelina jolie angelina
jolie's it's the same level as Brad Pitt
and they should and I feel and I maybe
I'm wrong about this some people are
saying well they should make the same
money I don't think that's how it works
and so I think that if it depends on the
star so for example I Christian Bale
might be a jerk in real life but I think
he's an amazing actor Tom Hardy those
two guys I would I'm more likely to see
a movie if they're in it for my parents
if Meryl Streep's in a movie they're
going okay so Meryl Streep would command
a bigger pay than our male co-stars now
so it doesn't mean that everybody has to
be equal in my opinion right and
I think that some people are stretching
it too far now having said that even
when you factor that in it is clear that
that you'll have stars that appear to be
the same exact level and then the male
is getting way more right and that yes
that could easily be the bias that's in
the industry and they might not even be
aware of it they might be thinking no
it's not a bias
I just think Mark Wahlberg is bigger
right why do you think he's bigger do
you have data and if they have data
that's a different story
hey here's his box office numbers here's
their box office numbers that's not the
end-all be-all but at least is some data
right right and and also sorry to
interrupt you but one other factor that
I think needs to be considered is how
agents negotiate for the pay because
agents obviously play a huge role in
negotiating the terms negotiating the
pay and all that and so you know how
hard are these agents fighting for their
female clients versus male clients
that's another thing to take into
consideration and they might have
assumptions there as well and ones that
they again might not even recognize but
I want to say that I like this made me
realize know you know we think well
there's box officers this there's that
and and and I think a lot of people in
Hollywood would think oh Jessica
Chastain's a bigger star than October
you Spencer but it turns out no they
can't get to save money yes it turns out
she can get five times more and it was a
matter of insisting on it etc and so
it's not as impossible as people make it
out to be it's not as clear-cut black
and white in this case literally as it
as it turns out it turns out no yeah
they could do the movie they could both
get paid great and they can still make
money on the moon right with this with
this revealed to me was honestly an
issue that goes ignored and neglected so
yeah there is pay issues involving
genders there's no question but I think
oftentimes when we talk about women's
issues or gender equality minority
groups get left out of that conversation
and you know they feel like they don't
have anyone fighting for them I remember
you know a couple years ago several year
ago a woman on Twitter accused me of
being a white feminist and I was like
what does that even mean right and and
I'm really glad that she called me out
because she showed me that there was a
blind spot in my thinking right I wasn't
considering you know the
intersectionality and and and you know
black women especially and how they've
been historically left out of feminist
movements and so she educated me on it
like it started off as a very tense and
frustrating conversation but that
dialogue taught me about something that
again goes neglected in the media goes
neglected in political movements and so
I love that Octavia Spencer mention that
in that panel because it's not just
about gender race plays a role in in how
people get paid as well if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole younger so
every day
