this year t Whitey's been making a lot
of moves now you can too now how you
gonna do that you want to launch a new
business that sounds fun
you're gonna change careers jeezum Lord
mercy you're gonna need a website for
all that lucky for you
Squarespace also making moves you're
gonna go to squarespace.com slash tyt
you get 10% off your first purchase and
you're gonna get to build anything you
want on that website with a unique
domain what are you crazy go do it now
go Trump likes to appoint people for
positions that they have no experience
in maybe because he was elected for a
position he has no experience for now
the recent example was a 24-year old who
was named the deputy chief of staff for
the White House Office of National Drug
Control Policy 24 years old and you're
thinking oh well okay that's young but
maybe he's like a super smart guy you
know maybe he's kind of like a stable
genius or something and then you kind of
look into his background and you find no
he has little to no experience so after
there was some evidence indicating that
he lied on his resume 'he's revised them
and then continued to lie on his resumes
the White House has announced that he
will be resigning from that position
so Taylor Weymouth is his name he
graduated from college back in May of
2016 and he was named the White House
liaison to the drug office the following
March and then he was promoted to deputy
chief of staff in July at the age of 23
now one of the reasons why he got
promoted so quickly is because there's
so much turnover in the Trump
administration now he according to the
White House has decided to depart with
the ONDCP at the end of the month he did
revise dates relating to certain jobs he
held including one at a New York law
firm when the Washington Post reached
out to the law firm a partner told the
Post that he was discharged because he
just stopped showing up at work well he
just did the same thing right now but he
was a since not working in this case my
favorite part of this story was the
thing yet on his
resume about how he was did a lot of
work at a monastery and saying I did 275
hours of work in a monastery they
questioned it came out with a new resume
fine a hundred and fifty hours of work
at a monastery they questioned it again
he came out with a resume a lot of
serious God God no monastery hey look
dude when you keep changing the resume
you think we're not gonna notice that
went from to 75 to 150 to zero oh he
said that he got a master's degree from
Fordham University a university
spokesperson said no he didn't finish
his coursework so let me get this right
a person who didn't do well school at
Fordham lies all the time and doesn't
like to work gee I wonder why Trump
picked them in the first place you
probably say now that's a chip off the
old block I like that guy if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
show every day
