recently Kellyanne Conway was on CNN and
of course she was giving the usual
defense of Brett Kavanaugh but while she
was doing so she opened up about
something personal take a look
I feel very empathetic frankly for
victims of sexual assault sexual
harassment and rape dad I'm a victim of
sexual assault
I don't expect judge Kavanaugh or Jake
Tapper or Jeff Flake or anybody to be
held responsible for that you have to be
responsible for your own conduct that
point made no sense okay like I
acknowledge what she said though it was
very personal and I commend her for
sharing that about herself but at the
same time did some like did dr. Blasi
Ford come forward and say Joe Schmoe
sexually assaulted me and so I want
Brett Kavanaugh to pay the consequences
of that I don't understand what her
point is her point makes no sense
there are now three credible allegations
or accusers against Brett Kavanaugh and
they involve Brett Kavanaugh they don't
involve Jake Tapper they don't involve
you know Joe Schmo they involve a very
specific person who could be our newest
Supreme Court justice the highest court
of the land so I don't understand how
that point it made any sense at all look
Kellyanne we'd be the first ones to
defend you if you had suffered that kind
of crime against you and no matter what
the politics of it no matter who did it
if we thought that that you had gone
through that which obviously you have
you're bringing it up here not for any
particular reason against someone right
you didn't name who the person was so we
back you on it because we actually care
about the issue but I it's but that
doesn't give you the right to make
nonsensical points there's a very
specific allegation here or as an
opponent out three specific allegations
about this particular person we didn't
nobody picked a person out of the blue
right it wasn't like there's all these
accusations against other people but we
decide to
put it on Brent Cavanaugh so I were
literally trying to figure out a way to
help you here in making sense of that
statement but it just doesn't make any
logical sense well this is now the
second time that she's tried to make
this point the first time she said
something along the lines of Brett
Kavanaugh shouldn't have to bear the
burden of the entire me to movement
right yeah but that's not what Brett
Kavanaugh is bearing at the moment what
Brett Kavanaugh is dealing with again
are very specific allegations against
him Brett Kavanaugh it would be
different if you know let's say someone
came out and said they had a bad date
with Brett Kavanaugh which was similar
to the one comedian we did the story
about Jesus residence if he was dealing
with aziz ansari type allegations then i
would be the first to say okay let's
let's move on okay because that was a
bad date that was blown out of
proportion we talked about it on the
show i don't want to relitigate that but
these are very serious allegations
against prep Cavanaugh and so he's not
bearing the burden of the entire me to
movement if anything maybe it's bad
timing for Brett Kavanaugh because women
feel empowered to come forward with
their allegations but he's not bearing
the burden of other people's accusations
against other men
I don't remember Kelly on Conway making
the similar points about Al Franken I
don't remember her saying hey that seems
to be an obvious joke photograph where
he's actually not touching her why is he
bearing the burden of the entire me to
movement I don't remember Kellyanne
Conway I mean that point I don't
remember her bringing up her past in the
context of that conversation in the
context of this conversation is Anna's
pointing Emma and I pointed out earlier
and the first time she said it and I
feel bad because we shouldn't get too
much into degrees here but if it's a
lighter allegation right
you could then say well you're putting
Weinstein and roger ailes and what all
those other guys did on top of this much
a lighter allegation but in this case
the allegations are attempted rape and
gang rape so it literally cannot get any
more serious than that
if the if those allegations
to be true shouldn't he have the full
weight of the entire movement on him
anyway and B says which that's not what
anybody's asking for they're just asking
that he be judged on his actions and
we're not even saying that we know for
sure that it was his actions that's why
we asked for an FBI investigation so
we're doing the exact opposite of what
you're claiming we're talking about a
specific person and saying let's wait
till all the evidence is in isn't it
exhausting like what she does is it
worth it I mean to contort yourself to
try to come up with you know excuses for
one group of men while simultaneously
you know condemning another group of men
just based on politics isn't it
exhausting when the Franken allegations
came out after we saw that that that
picture we condemned him and guess what
that's liberating to be able to comment
on something fairly without taking
politics into account but her entire job
is to defend terrible actions done by
terrible people
now with Kavanaugh again for the
billionth time we don't know for sure
which is why the investigation should
take place and then hopefully we'll find
out but the double standard they're like
making things up about Kavanagh while
simultaneously condemning the other side
of the aisle when they're accused of
something it's pathetic and and
ironically of course at the end in her
view of alternative reality she said
that survivors and perpetrators are
being treated differently quote based on
their politics and based on their gender
no they're not so wisely was a
democratic donor did anyone take it easy
on him no everybody ripped him to shreds
and so Cosby is whatever the hell Cosby
is everybody ripped him Charlie Rose I
mean I don't know they say he's part of
the liberal media I have no idea what
his politics is they ripped him Roger
Ailes Bill O'Reilly conservative same
thing so where are you getting this
double standard from except for one
person and one administration it's you
Kellyanne you're the one who has a
different standard and you work for the
administration that is a different
standard as we just pointed out if it's
a Democrat that's charged you
enthusiastically jump in or anyone that
can loosely be connected to a Democrat
you're like oh
we know and we know it right and
whatever it's our fucking heads come on
let's wrap this thing up already
oh my god you guys are being so unfair
it's called projection should go see a
therapist for it on the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT calm slash podcast
