the national security the NSA has a
whole new set of core values they
updated their website and there's a page
that just you know displays what their
core values are it's kind of like a
mission statement and here's what it
used to look like it says honesty
respect for the law
integrity and transparency were their
core values here is the new set
commitment to service allies are relying
on us the respect for the law
integrity transparency respect for
people and accountability intercept the
intercept and others have noticed the
disappearance of honesty as their
primary core value so and there are
other other changes that have happened
the intercept points out some nuance
those are not the only striking
alterations in its old core values the
NSA explained that it would strive to be
deserving of the quote great trust
placed in it by national leaders and
American citizens it said it would be it
would honor the public's need for
openness but those phrases are now all
gone all references to trust honor and
openness have disappeared what are your
reactions it's it's so interesting when
a company or an organization and an
agency comes together and says we are
changing our core values we they
obviously had a meeting a brainstorm
session there was a whiteboard involved
and erasing and crossing out and
everything what are your reactions to
these changes yes so there's a couple of
angles here one is as they're making
those they have to make conscious
decisions and in that meeting somebody
had to raise their hand and go you guys
sure we should take honesty and
integrity off the board and they
probably went around were like yeah
we're done without it seeming dirty now
the other things that they listed sine
sound fine that leads me to point number
two which I think is almost more
important in the on the issue of
transparency it used to be described as
a ensuring the safety security and
liberty of our fellow citizens it is now
described as being for the benefit of
quote those who authorize and oversee
NSA's work on behalf of the American
people in other words they changed it
from we serve the American people to we
serve the Bureau
it's in charge of that and si that's
really bad let's see that's really
active and and that makes a difference
you can't say well they took out honesty
and they put in love no they took out
tray like we're serving you and put in
we're serving ourselves and to me that's
even more telling so when I read it the
first thing that came to my mind was you
think like yeah nothing surprises me
anymore like it's it's just like I love
to hear people say I can't believe this
is happening I'm like you can't what is
it where do you draw the line where does
it become appalling to you when you see
the stuff that's trickling down from the
current administration the embolden
people are emboldened to think we're not
accountable because they had kept
accountability they had to take honesty
off because they were like we have to be
accountable so we can't tell the truth I
just I don't know I I feel like what you
said just what you said about who
they're serving is what should be
alarming everybody and by the way if
you're a conservative who's argued
against big government your whole life
yes when big government says we're not
serving you anymore we're serving
ourselves and this is the agency in
charge of spying in on you and violating
your constitutional rights oh you ought
to be concerned so I have a slightly
different take on it and it's that
taking honesty out of their core values
is the most honest thing they can do no
bravo look I totally agree on that one
you're right and so I I almost want to
give them ironic credit for that yes we
and they're being honest that their
first one is a commitment to service now
what service means is up for grabs their
service is so that we can do the spying
we want to do the spying we all join the
NSA because we want to do the spying and
the code breaking and the listening and
making sure we know stuff and that's our
commitment what's hilarious is they
added respect for the people but the way
they were that is all NSA personnel are
respected included in value for their
diverse backgrounds experiences skills
and contributions to our mission and
culture and while that is great that's a
commitment to diversity among the
workforce the respect for the people
part isn't directed at you it's not that
they respect
privacy or anything else all they're
doing is a commitment to listening in on
your phone service and doing all that
spying stuff that they prioritize and as
Jenks said the transparency thing is
just like this is what we're doing and
it's all prioritizing the part where we
are in trying to get to the bottom of
stuff and listening in and we're doing
the justice angle more than we're
respecting the privacy of anybody who
lives in the United States yeah I think
they might have had a good laugh about
that
well now we're being transparent about
spying it on you problem solved what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
