FEMA has very quickly shut off funding
for housing for dozens of Puerto Rican
families this is a story about 36 Puerto
Rican families living in Connecticut
they knew that their program for housing
in the wake of Hurricane Maria was going
to run out with by January 13th but the
governor Dan Danelle Malloy fought
really hard to get them an extra month
but as buzz read BuzzFeed reports after
just three days after granting the
relief FEMA abruptly reversed its
decision and halted payments for the
hotel rooms saying it made a mistake and
sending state officials scrambling and
leaving families unsure of whether or
where they would have a place to sleep
the next night even worse than that is
how they notified people by not
notifying people all they did is go into
the database and switch their status and
just like an office space let it sort it
out itself then the hotels just had to
say you guys have to be out by morning
so the unfortunate part about this is
that because I'm Puerto Rican you know
somebody sent me a message about making
stories about myself and I'm like this
is a story I have to make about myself
because I have 17 family members living
in one house because everybody lost
their homes and Puerto Rico
and the people who are coming here
people think that just because you get
to come here because that's how they say
you get to come here that it
automatically you are living the life
and these are if you don't know someone
who's Puerto Rican talk to somebody
everybody has a relative or friend
that's being affected by this kind of
stuff it was a trending topic when it
happened but it's our reality right now
and they're being quietly punished while
everyone looks away you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
