since the Trump tax cuts passed we've
been covering how some of the biggest
beneficiaries from a tax cuts these huge
corporations are using the money both in
terms of what they say the big
announcements they make about bonuses
and the PR they're getting from that
from these these public relations
campaigns but then also and much more
importantly behind the scenes what are
they doing that's not getting as much
coverage that they're not touting for
the media to cover and today we've got a
particularly stark example of the
difference between those two things
having once again to do with Comcast now
as we've told you before Comcast
announced that they would be giving
$1,000 bonuses to a hundred thousand of
their workers and they got a lot of good
press for that and if you get that money
that's certainly nice but does that
really have anything to do with the tax
cuts well perhaps not we're gonna talk
about some of the other things that
they've gotten up to with that money and
a lot of this is coming from some
awesome infographics produced by Think
Progress the company said it would
increase dividends as announcement today
to shareholders which totaled 2.9
billion dollars in 2017 by 21% so a huge
increase in dividends to shareholders
that amounts to an additional 609
million dollars in dividends Comcast
also plans to spend at least five
billion dollars and as much as seven
billion dollars on repurchasing its own
stock now if we compare the announced
bonuses with today's announced stock
buyback in dividends they're spending at
least 56 times more on dividends and
stock repurchases than on bonuses for
their workers which might be hard to
visualize and so let's take a look at
this so line infographic you're here to
see it's bigger it's a lot bigger whoa
now
also understand that behind the scenes
and this is something we've told you
before the company laid off more than
500 sales employees at the same time
that they were announcing those bonuses
and they're not the only company AT&T
also touted bonuses and fired thousands
at the same time now we're going to
focus on Comcast in this story but if
you take a look at this last chart it's
going to compare all of the announced
bonuses that we've been talking about
and some that we haven't compared to the
cost of the entire tax cut plan it's
actually difficult to see in that
graphic
it's point one three percent of the
benefit to corporations specifically
coming from this tax plan and it's is it
getting point one three percent of the
press I would argue it's getting
slightly more so let's break all that
down so over ninety nine point eight
percent of the cuts are gonna go
straight into the corporate pockets and
when they do the buybacks and dividends
yes it goes to some shareholders but it
also goes to executives whose stock
prices go up they have a lot of stock
options so they're gonna make millions
upon millions of dollars and tiny tiny
sliver of that as Jon just pointed out
point zero point one three percent is
gonna go to workers and then they've
been bragging although Joe we're gonna
give it to the workers it sounds like
they're just giving it straight to the
workers no they're giving ninety nine
point eight seven percent of it for
themselves and look this is got layers
to it so it's a company allowed to do
dividends and stock buybacks of course
they are and that's their call as to
what they want to do now do something
executives want to do that because it
artificially drives up the stock price
it's it because when you are buying back
shares because of laws of supply and
demand your prices go up okay but it's
not because your company got any better
it's not like you had more customers
it's not like your bottom lines was any
better it's just that your stock price
is higher because you're buying back
stock if your stock price is higher and
you've got an executive with a ton of
options he just made tens of millions of
dollars yeah buy a thing that he
initiated because of the tax cuts and
then they do a cute little trick I bet
you you could find one executive that's
made that hundred million dollars by
himself that they distributed to the
employees right and then they do the
cute propaganda of oh we gave it to the
workers and this was all to create jobs
yeah and then meanwhile they cut the
jobs know that we cannot abide you but
you buy back any kind of stock you like
but when you cost the American taxpayers
a trillion dollars and you're gonna
shift that burden onto the average
American who's working his ass off and
then you pretend it's to create jobs no
that's the thing we can
stand yeah and look like this there's
the stock purchasing there's also the
dividends I mean hypothetically I could
I could buy the stock you could you
could buy some of the stock and you
might make a little bit of money off of
it you're not gonna make anything like
what those who own millions or hundreds
of millions of dollars stock make but
you could make a little bit of money
hypothetically but when they're doing
this as their strategy the huge
percentage of the money they're gonna be
making extras and be going to that it
lets you know what they think is likely
to happen to their company in the future
if they thought growth was coming they
would invest it into the company hire
more people all of that but they're not
doing that they're acting as if we're
probably gonna do about as well as we've
always done but let's artificially as
Jiang pointed out increase the price of
our stock they're not getting putting
this money into higher wages the bonuses
sound good but there's a big difference
between a thousand dollar bonus in a
thousand dollar raise
that's not raising it every year and so
what's gonna happen next year when the
media is even less focused on this
probably nothing probably no bonuses
probably no raises and this is just one
case study here in Comcast but we've
talked previously about ATT and a number
of a banks as well and if you go outside
of you know telecommunications and
baking and all that you're probably
gonna see a lot like this in many other
industries as well or perhaps worse if
they're getting less of a focus then you
probably have firings and you probably
have stock buybacks and things like that
but you don't even need the cover then
of these relatively miniscule bonuses so
last couple of things here John makes a
great point if they took the money and
they invested it in the economy as they
claimed they were gonna do well that
might be a slightly different story I
still don't think that the tax cuts
would be worth it because of all the
other damage that it does but at least
they'd be putting you know creating new
plants maybe even the hence creating new
jobs but when you take the money and all
you do it with it or the majority of
what you do with it is to inflate your
stock price and by the way that's what
trumps bragging about right now oh the
stock market's doing great this is part
of why it's doing so great they're
buying the stock price is stock back and
driving up all their prices and when you
do that you don't actually help the
economy at all so then it's pointless
and then I go to a second number the one
that John mission the 56 times more in
buybacks and dividends than in actually
giving out bonuses well
the bonuses people will actually spend
because they don't make that much money
so the average worker will probably
spend that thousand dollars and
recirculated in the economy which is
good for all of us right but the tens of
millions of dollars that executives are
making or shareholders are making they
likely will save which doesn't help the
economy a little thing about it in terms
of the media coverage for all the
stories you heard about oh my god
they're given bonuses imagine if they
had done 56 times that coverage on the
buybacks and the dividends well that's
all you would see on television yeah
right I mean that gives you a sense of
how disproportionate it is and when you
have that disproportionate coverage it
gives a misleading sense of what's going
on in the country and helps the people
attempting to deceive you luckily
there's a thing called the Internet
which leads me to my last number at the
end of all this propaganda still a
couple of days before they passed it it
was a terribly unpopular plan only 24
percent of Americans thought it was a
good idea that is disastrous so no
matter how much television said all the
jobs the jobs the jobs and the bonuses
the bonuses people like yeah I get it
man all the money's coming to the rich
and the powerful so except for the 25
percent who are basically Trump sheep
the rest of the country understands this
money was never meant for us what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad-free if you could become a
member of the young turks TYT Network
comm /join
