now this is not a thing that I do often
but I'm going to praise a commercial and
deeply so and it's an ad for Burger King
what why is this even on the show
okay well I'll tell you why it's about
net neutrality and Burger King has taken
a weird wonderful stance on it what
what's burger do you have anything to do
with net neutrality well nothing as far
as we know except that they're standing
up for it net neutrality is basically
freedom on the internet to keep the
rules as they are now and everybody
enjoy the internet we have the
Republicans Donald Trump Rajat PI the
FCC killed net neutrality recently in a
vote that allows the Internet service
providers Verizon and Comcast AT&T and
others to come in and set new rules and
to create slow lanes and fast lanes now
guess who's gonna be the fast lane I Got
News for You Comcast Verizon AT&T their
competitors will be in the slow lane if
you don't pay a ransom you'll be in the
slow lane and if you don't have the
sometimes maybe the political opinion
they agree with our business opinion
they don't agree with slow lane so
Burger King did something extraordinary
here they actually tricked their own
customers into thinking that there was a
slow lane for whoppers that cost four
dollars and 79 cents but if you pay more
26 bucks
you get in the fast lane and then you
get your whopper right away and this is
a really risky move and to put it as an
ad unbelievable I can't praise it enough
so let's watch it first and then I'll
comment more on
with that neutrality no some people
for what it's worth this
you know I don't know exactly but it is
that number one are you done number 98
100 there number 98
you got the Walker yeah so you got the
slow axis whopper pass it sound it's on
the menu right there at the fast medium
and slow slow Mbps fast Mbps or hyper
fast Mbps Mbps of course standing for
making burgers per second well that's
that's how you get it fast as the
highest priority this is like a
latencies so me like 15 yeah fast lane
slowly it's like maybe like 15 20
minutes what are you talking about I
reckon Corporation believes that they
can sell more and make more money
selling like chicken sandwiches and
chicken fries and now they're slowing
down the access to the Walker where you
given an option of a chicken sandwich or
yeah I don't want a chicken sandwich I
already want a whopper ready aren't ya
the sandwiches ready at this not allowed
to actually believe it get it too cute
cake give me the sandwich it's ready but
you can't give it to me the whopper
neutrality was repealed they voted on it
fortunately I have no other choice god
this is the worst thing I've ever heard
of anybody like you got the best yeah
you ordering a higher priority so here's
what I'll do you have the bag and I can
put it in the bag in 42 seconds ten ten
seconds you don't make the rules
you just enforce these ridiculous rules
fortunately we have to I feel like I was
being taken advantage of in a sense just
as a customer coming in to get their
food it's felt like a Power Move they
already changed the policies overnight
or whatever I didn't think that a
whopper ordering a whopper would really
open my eyes up to net neutrality the
whopper actually tell me about net
neutrality it's stupid but true
all right this is apparently the idea of
Fernando Machado global chief marketing
officer for Burger King I'm sure others
on his team were involved as well I
gotta say genius now why is it genius
well for a couple of reasons number one
it does explain that neutrality pretty
well and you get a sense of the
frustration that you're about to have on
the internet but for their purposes for
Burger King's purposes it makes all
young people in favor of Burger King
because we we for the ones who do
understand it we think net neutrality is
essential and and killing that
neutrality was disastrous and when I say
we I really mean almost entirely the
internet you look at any polling go to
Reddit go to comment section of this
video any video this is the one issue
that actually is not political it seems
political because Rajat pi was in favor
of it I throw a at the end Burger King
drinks from a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
mug which is awesome
okay Trump is in favor of killing it but
it's actually not political because the
right-wing sites will probably be
targeted first for a number of reasons
I've laid out before so whether you're
right wing your left wing or you're in
the middle we all want net neutrality we
want freedom on the internet so it's a
way of getting younger customers it's a
really smart idea it stands out from all
their competition
it's bold it understands that in the new
world that taking a stance is a good way
of getting customers instead of like oh
I'm gonna be safe I'm going to be safe I
don't want to be you know I don't want
it offend any customer even if it's
occupied what about your bodies a couple
of Burger King who cares you want to get
as many customers as you can and you do
that by taking a bold stance not by
hiding not by playing it safe so even
though it's not in their industry or in
their field I really think this is as
smart or not as you can do because it
rallies people to burger get inside by
the way next time I see a Burger King
there's no way I'm not eating at it on
this ad alone so great work and and I
just I think that their ingenuity and
their courage should be rewarded if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart
person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks Oh every day
