thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt members of the
right-wing do not believe that the
allegations about Brett Kavanaugh and
this whole debacle has anything to do
with sexual assault or the mistreatment
of women in fact people like Alan
Dershowitz and Tucker Carlson believe
that this is all part of a giant race
war now there were two specific segments
on Fox News that touched on this and I
want to give you Tucker Carlson's
reaction first now according to Carlson
the reaction to Cavanaugh demonstrated
the left's war on old white men Carlson
ran a whole segment on his show devoted
to race with one of the Chiron's
on-screen reading quote left makes
Cavanaugh hearing about race now I'm
going to show you some video in a second
but when did the left make this about
race like when other than the very
accurate statement involving the double
standard in our judicious in our justice
system regarding accusations of sexual
assault like we're very quick to accept
similar allegations when someone of a
person of color is accused of something
like this but when you're a wealthy
person you deal with the upper level of
the justice system which affords you the
benefit of the doubt that is the only
time I've heard anything about race now
with that said here's what type of
Carlson had to say he's talking to a
guest about this whole situation what
the hell does race have to do with this
case it has nothing to do with a Tucker
but I mean I think a couple of things
going on here number one what we're
seeing is a phenomenon that's been
happening in America over the last few
years and it has become fashionable now
to be beat up on white men and whites
more generally because we have this
culture of spoils where we are being
told that you are entitled to certain
things in society and certain jobs in
certain places are you worried yeah that
if
dumb people like david gergen or all the
rest at scene and keep up with the race
hatred that that will actually encourage
some kind of conflict you've seen this
in a lot of different countries we
really don't want it here but could we
don't tuck her oh my gosh so I'm you
know Berkeley campus across the street
where I'm you know helping with
litigation over there there are you know
places where whites are not supposed to
go I mean that is apartheid its
apartheid on our college campuses it's
outrageous but you know at a higher
level stepping back from the cultural
disintegration of this phenomenon the
Democrats are seizing on any kind of
club that they have handy so you got a
white man in front of you let's beat up
on him for being a white man if it's
yeah I mean maybe you're right I mean
maybe it works short term but it seems
like the long term cost is potentially
just way more than we'd ever want very
corrosive let me just mention that all
eleven Republican members of the Senate
Judiciary Committee are white men so to
make an argument that they're at some
sort of disadvantage and this is the
left's war on white men is ridiculous
especially when you consider that the
first accuser and the person who
testified during this confirmation I'm
sorry during this hearing is a white
woman this is not about race I mean it's
it's absurd that they're trying to pivot
the conversation to this nonsensical
point
okay so boy there's a lot to break down
here let me note that by the way I will
have a conversation with Tucker Carlson
a politican about this later this month
so political calm and then enter the
code tyt to see that live and I give you
a preview of one thing that we're gonna
talk about which is that I don't know
anyone in this country more obsessed
with race than Tucker cross exactly
exactly so what he did was he took
quotes of people just noting that all 11
senators on the Republican side are old
white men now the operative word there
isn't white it's just the throwing I
don't know why they threw it in I wasn't
one of those pundits right old is
relevant because a lot of the power
structure in in DC is incredibly old and
and there's nothing wrong with being old
one over
of course our favorite political figure
is not young either it's Bernie Sanders
but there is the old infrastructure
which is held onto power and their
corporate donors etc and yes it's also
on the Democratic side Dianne
Feinstein's 84 is certainly on the
Republican side with hatch and Grassley
etc and we noted that the fact that
there are men in this context is clearly
relevant and 202 years of the of the
Judiciary Committee the Republicans have
never put a single female senator on
that committee so when issues like this
have now unfortunately arisen with some
regularity the race part is a throwaway
that I think either has barely been
mentioned certainly not something that
has been trumpeted on the left or done
big long segments how there's a race
issue you know we after over a week of
covering this finally begrudgingly
talked about how perhaps they might have
seen Anita Hill with a slightly
different lens than they saw dr. Blasi
Ford and and and that is an essay in a
way saying well they treated Bazzi ford
fairly so it's not even a negative
connotation within that context of these
hearings right the only one going nuts
over race is Tucker right right you just
say oh my rice rice and then what is
that discussion of a conflict that might
arise what are you talking about a race
war exactly what he's speaking about and
he's the one who is purposely pushing
for that because again the Cavanaugh
thing has nothing to do with race no
one's arguing that this has like there's
a racist issue here like there's
definitely an issue in terms of our
lawmakers being out of touch and I feel
like that's been proven time and time
again on a variety of issues and
certainly with this the Cavanaugh
hearings but to say like oh this is all
about race and there's gonna be a race
war is insanely dangerous and by the way
is a way of deflecting
I mean he's deflecting so people don't
pay attention his viewers don't pay
attention to the real issue at hand and
that issue is possible sexual misconduct
but by the way Tucker Carlson wasn't the
only person on Fox News who was
spreading this nonsense you have Alan
Dershowitz who appeared on Fox and
Friends for a segment here's what he had
to say a man
if the situation would different imagine
if a Liberal Democrat President had
appointed the first Muslim American to
the Supreme Court and somebody said oh
yeah I remember he was a terrorist when
he was 17
the ACLU would be all over this case no
you can't presume guilt of terrorism
that everybody would be saying the
burden of proof is so heavily but when
the shoe is on the other foot when it's
a white man being accused by the left of
Sexual Offences all the rules are called
off the rules of presumption of
innocence the rules of due process we
know he's guilty because he's a white
man she's a woman she's a survivor
that's the end of the inquiry so curious
example there she was picked first of
all I like how he his mind automatically
connects Muslim American to terrorist is
the example okay but that's okay that's
okay let's go a little bit further into
that imagine if a Muslim American was
appointed to or was being considered for
a high post like for example the head of
the DNC and they pulled up charges from
went back when he was in school not of
being a terrorist but of perhaps
associating with Farah Khan who is
anti-semitic I mean they would never
bring that up right a white that did
happen and they did bring it up
immediately and both the Republicans and
the Democrats joined in on the frenzy
the district tried to destroy his career
but I mean he Nelson was the first
Muslim American in Congress they
wouldn't bring up any sexual issues with
him oh right they did in his race
currently today you could not pick a
worse example he's in the middle of a
scandal as we speak
the idea that somehow the press the
Republicans or even corporate Democrats
wouldn't bring up those issues if it
helped them I mean it is factually
incorrect on its face as we sit today
let alone you talk about terrorism in
the 50th district in Congress a markup
in a jar is running against Duncan
Hunter jr. who's actually the middle of
a corruption scandal and and and Duncan
Hunter junior is running ads saying that
um our company jar comes from a
terrorist family his grandfather who
died
17 or 27 I forget now years before he
was even born right it is is what the
charges are about but a markup on a jar
a has never met his grandfather and B is
Christian was a youth minister his mom
is mexican-american but according to
Irish which they were never nobody would
ever bring that up if he's a Muslim
American or even people if they think
he's a Muslim American they thought
Obama was a Muslim American went after
him even though he wasn't Muslim you
couldn't pick a worse example but Dave
you know why they do it cuz in their my
silicon oh my god we used to get away
with everything now they're nitpicking
us and now we're under a microscope too
I mean Muslim Americans you think
they're the ones that are powerful in
this country yeah I mean what are you
insane no they're the ones you pick on
on a regular basis now basically what
he's doing is he's crying because Oh
what now we have to apply the same
standards that everybody gets the white
men the white men
we're going to apply the same standards
an outrage where's the race war yeah by
the way just to be clear if there were
somehow miraculously a Muslim Supreme
Court nominee and there were credible
allegations against that person I would
also want an investigation but remember
you know Dershowitz brings up the issue
of due process obviously this is not a
criminal investigation Cavanaugh is not
gonna get convicted of anything this is
about a job right this is about a job so
let's go back to the facts and and
realize this is not about a criminal
prosecution this is about further
investigation to figure out whether or
not someone has any right to be at the
top of our justice system by the way due
process okay due process would mean that
you investigate the allegations to
either clear the person's name or find
out if they're guilty but the
Republicans didn't want the due process
the Republicans were the ones who were
skirting the issue of an FBI
investigation from the beginning it was
Trump's White House that tried to limit
the number of witnesses the FBI could
speak to during this very short one
weekend
station and it wasn't until they were
pressured into expanding the
investigation that they allowed the FBI
to speak to more witnesses so you want
talk about due process the only people
that are trying to do away with due
process in this case are the Republicans
so lastly let's also note quick aside
that Tucker's guest
Dylan civil rights attorney hilarious
said that there are certain places on
Berkeley's campus where white people are
not allowed to go is that true of course
not just another thing that's made up by
the right wing there was a proposal 2016
that there be a spaces of color now I'm
not sure that I agree with that proposal
but it's basically like an
african-american group getting together
and saying this is our student group and
and so we'd like to have a private
meeting right how dare you why people
are being banned at Berkeley anything
even to the best of my knowledge and and
what I've read today it didn't even pass
so oh my god it's began it's begun their
discriminate against white people in
Berkeley okay so look I they force us
into these conversations so I don't know
of any african-american group Latino
group Asian group or anyone planning a
race war who are the only people who
have talked about race Wars the shooter
in Charleston South Carolina
that shot up a black church talked about
a race war several different right-wing
shooters actually and this doesn't get a
lot of press coverage in their
manifestos talked about race Wars I
don't know any buddy on the other side
talking about race Wars I do know
several right wing killers murderers
mass murderers who have talked about
race Wars and I know Tucker Carlson
talking about race Wars and Tucker
remind me if there was a war against any
particular race in this country which
one it was against I'm pretty sure it
was against African Americans a which
race enslaved the other race which slate
which race took away the other races of
Rights for hundreds of years look I know
that you're aggrieved that you cannot do
it anymore
I know it bothers you to your core
there's some of the things that you
cherished like being able to oppress
others is slowly wait
slowly being taken away from you but no
one on our side is talking about
starting any kind of race work because
that's mental and we're not holding
people to account for what happened
hundreds of years ago but if you're
gonna have a conversation about who if
there was a race war in this country
well there was one and it was done to
black people in this country it was
sudden Native Americans in this country
so don't pretend that there that all of
a sudden go oh my god great great white
people about race and again being
discriminated against you your group and
I don't mean white people I mean
conservatives right wing zealot
conservatives oppress different races in
this country for hundreds of years so
you don't get to turn around now and
pretend you're the Green Party here and
my god what if there was a race war
there already was one Tucker and it was
your right-wing brothers and sisters who
did that race war and is slaved and
lynched and murdered people in this
country for hundreds of years
so at least please have the decency to
shut up about it
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more Tea
Party content at TYT dot-com
slash app
