so Donald Trump attack CNN over and over
and over again and look you want to talk
about biased perspective in the media
yes everybody does it nothing wrong with
that that's also part of the freedom of
speech but Trump had videos that he
tweeted on on Twitter earlier which you
know in the beginning when he did the
body slamming one I said CNN was getting
bent out of shape it's just a stupid
reference to wrestling it doesn't
actually mean violence and then there
was more attacks against CNN also
running them over and then there on the
bottom of his shoe and then he does
those stupid fake news Awards and says
CNN is the worst of the worst and CNN is
ruining this country to me the worst of
any of that stuff all that one of those
by itself doesn't mean anything but in
mass it is constantly telling this
deranged followers make sure you do
something about CNN CNN is the enemy so
that is why I say the worst of the worst
is when he said that these news outlets
were the enemy of the people but that's
what fascists say that's not what an
American president says that has ever
read the First Amendment or respects it
so what has happened now unsurprisingly
a Trump fan has decided to threaten CNN
with murdering everyone in the building
are we surprised don't pretend you're
surprised this is exactly what the
right-wing agitated for and here you go
and then they tell us oh well he didn't
do it yet so take it easy
no no if you're in that building and
then there's a mass shooting every day
in America and this guy's come in saying
I'm gonna kill you all you've been
saying not to be worried so let's go to
the story here Talking Points Memo
explains over two days earlier this
month 19 year old Michigan resident
Brandon grace mer made close to two
dozen menacing costless CNN's Atlanta
headquarters he threatened to kill
everyone in the building in several of
those calls according to court documents
filed on Friday so what was Brandon
saying he called on me and he said
sienna and his quote fake news
gee I wonder where he got that into his
head I can't quite tell then I'm gonna
give it to you with the curse words I
don't want to say the n-word so he said
I'm gonna gun you all down fuck you
fucking n words huh reference the fake
news with racism and violence mixed in
gee I wonder where that came from
I can't quite tell he went on to say I'm
coming for you CNN I'm smarter than you
agree to disagree more powerful than you
I have more guns than you more manpower
your cast is about to get gunned down in
a matter of hours but what oh just
trolls online just trolls I mean they're
threatening to murder people but bullets
in their heads but don't worry about it
meanwhile Trump is threatening to arrest
people he doesn't agree with politically
and in the media but don't worry about
it
don't worry about it I mean as fascism
sets in day after day we're told not to
worry about it no thank you
I think we should take precautions and
by the way great work by the authorities
in apprehending this man later on Jen
January 9th an investigator hired by CNN
traced the calls to a number registered
to Chrysler's father turned out to be
the same number that gray Samar had used
to call the Islamic Center of Ann Arbor
in September and make derogatory
comments about Muslims according to
police records cited in the same court
documents no he's also anti-muslim but I
didn't see that coming gee I wonder
where he got that idea and on and on it
goes now look his father I don't blame
him at all yeah I hold the person
responsible not people around him and
not his father father or mother and but
Annie and I get his compare
he's instinct as a father to defend his
son of course he's gonna want to do that
but he said this economy said this whole
thing has been a mistake he really
didn't mean any of it so again as his
father I get that you want to say that
but no we do not take your word for it
and we do not take his word for it
because earlier his word was that he was
gonna murder everybody in the building
in fact they'll give you one more quote
he said I'm coming to Georgia right now
to go to CNN headquarters to fucking gun
every single last one of you luckily
stop by authorities before he did any of
that that is a crime it should be
punished as a crime we defend freedom of
speech he defend CNN's freedom of speech
we defend our own freedom of speech we
defend our critics freedom of speech but
saying you're going to murder people is
not a covered under freedom of speech
that is a direct threat it can be
considered assault and in a country
filled with lunatics all with weapons
you'll excuse us if we take your insane
threats seriously and take precautions
surrounding it so absolutely should have
been arrested and thank God they got to
him before he actually did anything it
is not cute or clever or part of the
First Amendment to go around online or
on the phone and tell people that you're
going to murder them you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
