in closing tonight a word about why
we're doing this program the purpose we
hope to serve in a time of deep
entrenched political polarization in a
time when the chasms that divide us
seemed impossible to bridge it's tough
to see those on the other side and how
do we reconcile with what we cannot
recognize the American Left used to
ridicule the concept of evil but cease
evil now atop every branch of government
the American right used to sneer at
emotionalism
but now gives us politicians whose
policies come from their gut and no
heart American media was supposed to
inform us of what we were doing but now
stages punching Judy debates over who we
are but you know we are united in more
ways that we know or at least that we
often think about it turns out most of
us agree that our president has divided
us toxic beliefs or sometimes shallow
beliefs young men grew up and learned
empathy even though guys can work at
being woke but first we must get past
what is shallow I'm doing this program
because we've all let silly season run
into extra innings all of us not just
the news and this isn't about faith news
like science real news is not a body of
facts it's a process real journalism is
not infallibility its transparency good
journalism is knowing that the most
insidious bias isn't political it's
practical it's when TV news executives
ignore story they don't know how to tell
because it's boring
meaning it doesn't affect them or their
loved ones or their wallet meanwhile the
target demo fills up stadiums to hear
Sanders lectures on financial regulation
as we speak
one-third of Puerto Rico is in the dark
still in the dark Americans not yet born
are imperiled by environmental
degradation American weapons are turning
Yemen into a plague pit women still earn
less than men while fighting for our
children's health and their own
reproductive rights people of color
suffer systemic discrimination not just
on horrific police videos but out of
sight as banks and lenders still deny
them access to credit we have a long way
to go and we will not get there by
dwelling on speculation about who will
get indicted or elected those diversions
leave the powers that be for you to take
us back and take us down well not on my
watch not if I can help it I'd like to
say I'm a reporter who got lucky very
lucky along the way I was mentored and
inspired by journalists who preached the
importance of the role of the press as a
constitutional check on power what that
requires is fair and accurate reporting
it requires a shared sense of the truth
and it requires the time and space to
pause and reflect
my hope is that's what this program will
provide at least some of the time I look
forward to hearing from you as to how
you think how well you think we're doing
or how badly now why the Young Turks
well for one thing because they asked me
and because I wanted to speak to people
who care about the future and want to
build a better one especially some where
our younger citizens I wanted to let you
know that our politics today is not who
we are
it never has been who we are is who we
aspire to be
it always has been so I'm here to share
what I've seen this taught me that our
aspirations have no limits we can be who
we choose to be we can fill the streets
run for office if we pay attention and
do the work
we might just build a more perfect union
today with that I'll leave you for this
new cycle The Young Turks is next and
we'll be back with the news at this same
place and time 5:30 Eastern every Monday
until then Dan Rather reporting stay
steady
