Donald Trump sometimes says that he's
looking forward to doing a budget deal
including one that involves dreamers
that is going to be compassionate in
fact he has said this should be a bill
of love which coming from Trump is
disturbing in some ways but he continues
truly it should be a bill of love and we
can do that
overall great fantastic love is that I
hate and I would be new for Trump and we
would be greatly welcome so some
Democrats have gotten encouraged in the
past by Donald Trump's words you
remember a while back he had a meeting
with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and
he said that they would do a clean vote
and a clean bill on daca to make sure
that dreamers can continue to stay here
in the United States well that was
nothing but a joke without a first-world
Donald Trump doesn't know what he's
talking about so he probably has no idea
what clean legislation means remember he
hasn't even know what clean coal is he
thinks you take out the coal and then
you literally clean it I'm not kidding
okay so he doesn't know what it means
the Democrats got a little excited
he says Bill of love maybe some people
are foolish enough to get excited no no
not only is he not going to do a clean
bill on on the dreamers they haven't
even included in their compromise that
got passed today on the shutdown so it's
not in any bill and on top of that this
is what the Trump team is running as an
ad today and this this is I I know we've
gotten negative advertising before and I
know it's been vicious before but
especially at the presidential level I
have never seen anything this vicious
watch that's illegal immigrant Louis
bracamontes charged with murdering two
police officers
it's pure evil President Trump is right
build the wall deport criminals stop
illegal immigration now Democrats who
stand in our way will be complicit in
every murder committed by illegal
immigrants President Trump will fix our
border and keep our families safe I'm
Donald Trump and I approve this message
it's hard to believe that that's real
but there it is I'm Donald Trump and I
approve this message
so the demagoguing on immigrants is
through the roof okay let's just talk
about that for one second then I'll get
to the Democrats so remember they said
ah Don Jesus is just a undocumented
immigrants we know they're the illegal
aliens we don't want them No
normal immigrants the illegal immigrants
we love well now they're saying as part
of the con so-called compromises we're
gonna end chain migration what does
chain migration that is people that are
citizens of the United States of America
sometimes bringing in family members
well that's the legal way to do it so
you'd like to stop the illegal way and
the legal way so we admit what you're
doing okay and so what when you talk
about immigration though they run an ad
depicting all immigrants that's what
they're doing here this is the
demagoguery as killers and so we're
right back to where Donald Trump started
he started his campaign with the
immigrants coming in our killers and
rapists criminals and rapists I'm sure
some of them are ok people too which is
by the way the same exact thing he said
about Nazis not the first part only the
second part which is that I'm sure some
of them are ok people so and and now
he's doing ads on that it when there's
no election coming up ok now on to the
Democrats he says they'll be complicit
in all the murders ok
well two can play at this game first of
all you back sheriff Clark who used to
be the sheriff in Milwaukee there were
two people who died under his watch in
prison including a woman who was giving
birth and they gave her no treatment at
all and the baby died so I guess you're
complicit in that murder I mean you have
them out there as a spokesperson for you
all the time
you're considering having them work for
you and for your PACs etc someone else
died of thirst in America in one of his
prisons
they wouldn't give me any food they
wouldn't give any water that's a murder
I mean he died of thirst on in the
facility that's a murder
I guess you're complicit in it how about
George Bush's war on Iraq where arguably
millions of innocent civilians died but
certainly everyone agrees at least
hundreds of thousands of innocent
civilians were killed are you guys all
complicit in that everybody who voted
for that are you all murderers I'm gonna
keep going all day long now what part of
the reason why the establishment doesn't
like Donald Trump isn't that because he
doesn't give them what they want the
donors now are ecstatic with Trump
they're beside themselves with joy
they got trillions of dollars for the
rich which is exactly what they
bargained for but the establishment gets
a little skittish around them including
media why because number one rule of the
establishment is do not attack people
that are also in the establishment so
that's the anti Fight Club rule and
Trump breaks that rule so he comes in
here and says Democrats are complicit of
murder Democrats go oh I don't know what
to say
I would run an ad ten times as vicious
is that about Donald Trump Democrats
will never do that because they listen
to their little Club right and would I
do that because it's the morally right
thing to do is that the conversation
we're having here do these guys look
like they're moral actors or give a damn
about your code I mean but one way or
another you have to fight back against
this as aggressively as they're coming
you can't just do what the Democrats
always do and go Oh golly gee that's bad
he really shouldn't have said that old
golly gee right look I don't get in
there further imagery but if they're
gonna come with this you got to come
with something that is just as hard or
harder okay so that's all and this is
the corruption that we talked about what
is it by right they give money to
politicians what do politicians do with
it
one of the things that they do is that
in fact a predominant thing that they do
with it is buy ads so this is what the
corruption leads to the donors go thank
you for the trillions of dollars in tax
cuts that you gave the rich now here's
money to run vicious ads calling the
Democrats
now the problem is the Democrats are not
going to do likewise because they're
hooked on the donor money and the donor
money will never let them run an ad like
that here's an ad you could run if
you're not hooked on donor money Robert
Mercer supports Donald Trump here's all
the different deaths Donald Trump has
led to I guess Robert Mercer is a
murderer now do you think Democrats
gonna run that ad that he's complicit
and murdered no of course not it's it's
an uneven playing field one side gets to
be vicious and spread that propaganda
through millions of corrupt dork money
ads the Indian donors money that they
give and then those millions of dollars
translate sue hundreds of ads seen by
millions of people and they brainwash
people into thinking immigrants or
murderers and Democrats are complicit in
that murder and the counter is usually
nothing nothing at all so now let me
tell you that this is not just words
they're putting this in action so this
is how fascism begins you start to
create your an image of the people that
you're opposed to they don't have to be
your opponents just picking other in the
case so Germany it was the Jews and the
gypsies and the and an LGBT community
and the poles etc in our case it's the
Latinos the Muslims back to the LGBT
right and to some degree the Jews again
but they're saving them more for later I
mean they came out in Charlottesville
surrounded synagogues and started doing
Nazi chants so that's also back but in
this case mainly we're talking about
Latinos and what do you do you make them
subhuman in the case of the Germans they
call them cockroaches in the case of the
Trump fascists they say oh all the
immigrants are are criminals and
murderers like this guy so the step two
is you go round up your political
enemies and here we go to step two as
part of a campaign against so-called
sanctuary cities a term for
jurisdictions that limit their
cooperation with deportation efforts to
some degree the administration has
floated the idea of criminally
prosecuting local officials and then you
do demagoguery here it is and then you
go round people up while
some hide them in basements and we're
here I've heard stories of immigrants
being hid in basements including church
basements so that these Browse shirts
can't can't come in and round them up
and then you say oh okay you're
protecting the others then we're going
to arrest you
now they're threatened to arrest Hillary
Clinton who was his actual opponent in
the race they've threatened to arrest
FBI officials and now they're
threatening their effect arrest local
officials that might disagree with them
politically it is no longer a hyperbole
to talk about fascism this is exactly
how fascists operate if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole Yonkers show
every day
