in Puerto Rico the struggle for to
receive government funds that have
already been long long long overdue to
help deal with the cleanup and repairs
necessary after a hurricane season of
last year is now entering a new phase so
a letter from FEMA and the Treasury
Department has now been published since
the Puerto Rican government technically
has some money left in their government
coffers you know because they're running
a government because they have that they
don't actually need the 1 billion
dollars in emergency funding that has
already been authorized for Puerto Rico
and so they're saying you're just not
going to get it so take a look at this
according to that letter it says that
because they have one point seven
dollars in quote-unquote available cash
they don't need the emergency 1 billion
dollar loan now as bloomberg noted
earlier this week Puerto Rico does have
billions in its accounts as of late last
year but most of that money has already
been earmarked for specific uses like
running Puerto Rico and so they can't
actually just take that money to use for
these purposes that's why the emergency
funding is still needed getting
electricity and Internet and water and
all that back to the people of Puerto
Rico is not literally the only thing
that Puerto Rico needs to do it is still
a functioning place and so FEMA and the
Treasury Department really like I guess
putting them in some sort of weird
chokehold over this funding perhaps
assuming that the media won't cover it
and you won't know what is being
perpetrated down there a little bit more
details federal officials say that the
cash balance level how much they're
allowed to still have and receive
funding is going to be decided on by the
federal government in consultation with
Puerto Rico officials and a federal
control board but what's interesting is
that they say that's you know for Puerto
Rico's main central government they say
that the 78 municipalities could
separately apply for loans but the
announcement came just weeks after the
control board rejected legislation that
would have created a 100 million dollar
emergency fund for those municipalities
so they're saying hey we just want to
deal with the local areas but they've
already given the middle finger to those
local areas in recent history when it
comes to that funding and in terms of
the stakes I mean that billion dollars
is really necessary still about 40% of
the island is without power and the
overall damage is
affected atop 95 billion dollars so
we're talking about them denying a tiny
little fraction of what's necessary to
get things back the way they need to be
so let's talk about the reality of this
and the implications so first off they
don't have the one and a half billion
dollars to spend on hurricane recovery
as John explained and if a government
knows that they know that it's earmarked
for already vital uses and it's already
you've got rationing going on when it
comes to even water and utility so when
they say oh we've got a million and a
half dollars anyway they're just winking
at you like haha we're screwing them and
we know we're screwing them now as far
as the implications well okay before
Donald Trump's racism was a matter of
words and tweets and insults and you
could say well yeah but look other
problems have done worse and that was
true and is true so George W Bush
invaded Iraq certainly hundreds of
thousands of civilians died maybe
millions right so now though Donald
Trump's racism is having policy effects
so earlier in the week which was very
little reported because there was tweets
and curses and stuff like that the Trump
administration started denying visas to
Haitians but isn't amazing he uses a
vulgar word to describe Haiti in other
and and African countries and El
Salvador etc and everybody goes nuts as
they should because it's for the
president of the United States to say
something so outrageous unbelievable but
when he actually did eyes their visas
and makes that racist ideology real in a
matter of United States policy well
that's a lot more relevant but it gets
almost no coverage and then they use an
excuse which a lot of anti did a great
job pointing out when we covered earlier
in the week they said oh it's because
40% of them overstay their visas that is
actually not true
the real number is less than 4% and
they're not in the top country so you do
that actually number one country that
overstay their visa Norway
Canada okay so but we're not doing
anything against Canada why cuz Donald
Trump's a racist and when he gets any
thin-skinned so when he's attacked about
hey you said some things wrong with it
was Haiti he's like oh yeah
I'm gonna crush them even more so that
was in particular kind of visa for
low-wage workers and again Canadians
violate that particular reason of the
most etc right so he punishes them now
Puerto Rico devastated devastated by
this hurricane your US citizens
it's not even Haiti it's a different
country Haiti right Puerto Rico is the
United States of America and he's like I
don't care I'm since skin and somebody
in Puerto Rico once insulted me plus I
don't like Puerto Ricans plus I think
they're lazy and all this and ingrates
and all the things that he said and
implied in those comments so now it has
a real effect yeah I'm gonna take away a
billion dollars so if you're in a place
that voted for me or that was
complimentary of me because I'm an
egomaniac you will get funding you know
in the tax bill favor the red states
punish the blue states now it's based on
both his ego and racism so now we're
punishing Puerto Ricans so if you
thought that racism was you know oh yeah
it's bad and it degrades the culture but
doesn't have a policy effect well now it
does yeah yeah yeah and I mean like
we've like we've pointed out I mean the
the the situation there just dire 292
schools still don't have power it's
possible that it's higher there's one
region that doesn't have internet so
they can't routinely actually transmit
the information to the Department of
Education about whether the schools have
power or not so it might be higher that
by the way is a huge percentage of all
the schools in Puerto Rico and it was
forever ago that this actually happened
and I agree that this is an instance
where it's very easily like with Haiti
for him to just write it off like I just
I don't care whether he acknowledges
that he is racist against Puerto Ricans
or not it's clear in the policy but then
also this is kind of outside of that
it's a nice preview of the sort of
government that we can expect even
outside of instances where there's a
clear racial animus when you when you
have as the sole functioning part of the
government a program to transfer
trillions of dollars to the wealthiest
people in the country that's the only
thing that they can actually accomplish
and care about you leave the government
in a position where you can expect a lot
more squabbles like this on a daily
basis where if you recall even getting
the funding for Texas or the funding for
New Jersey in New York back when they
experienced terrible storms they
actually got the funding in those cases
but not until there were huge arguments
over whether it should go to this or
that and that's the problem is that we
have decided that money goes first and
foremost first and foremost to the
wealthy has anything left over then
we'll see about it and god help you if
you're a black of brown or anything like
that
what we need to do is get politicians
that have actual values compassion for
the people that they're in government to
represent and don't feel like
transferring as much of those people's
wealth to people who are already
incredibly wealthy is the only reason
that they're actually there one last
thing about the vicious cycle of racism
so Trump calls them lazy and says they
won't help themselves then unlike
everywhere else in the United States he
doesn't send them aid now cuts off their
even their loans for aid then we'll turn
around later quote me on it almost a
guarantee you'll turn around later and
other conservatives will go why don't
they just help themselves what but
everybody else got money I mean again
did Texas were Republican Texas were
terrible to the people of New Jersey New
York area when they went through
superstorm sandy and they said I don't
care about you I only care about my own
voters they always care only about the
red states they keep to riding the blue
states etcetera but at the end yes they
got the money Houston got the money
Florida got the money
Puerto Rico will get the money and then
they'll turn around say oh you see that
they're lazy and couldn't fend for
themselves if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm /join and once
you do you'll be saying you know I'm
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
tu i tea network.com slash joy
