right now I'm going to introduce you to
or reintroduce you to a guy running for
Congress and the I was originally made
aware of him when he stood up to Chris
Christie in public had there he is well
let's get to my computer first this is
one man's crusade to end nike sweatshops
pays off so Jim Keaney made national
news and international news when he was
the coach of a college catholic college
team and he wouldn't wear their nike
stuff so he stood up he lost his job
over it he did the right thing and then
what did he do he went actually live
with those people who make the Nikes one
man's crusade and Nike an assistant
coach with st. John's University
national championship soccer team and a
graduate theology student he refused to
wear the company's emblem when the New
York Catholic University accepted 3.5
million dollar Nike sponsorship Katy's
coaching contract wasn't renewed and his
11 million dollar freedom of expression
lawsuit against Nike and Saint John's
was thrown out of court in 2000 Katy's
lone hand activism over more than a
decade against worker exploitation by
Indonesian Nike supplier companies
culminated in a groundbreaking agreement
for a 18 Nokomis Jim Lang to repay 4437
production workers 8.1 billion rubles
are 869 thousand one hundred dollars for
almost 600 thousand hours of forced
unpaid overtime so that's who Jim Katy
is and just two nights ago they had a
little debate and here's his opponent
trying to get blue-collar people to vote
for him his name is Josh swell and
listen to what he says about Wall Street
without you we can't do about your
voices your energy your passion it's
about seniors it's about young people
it's about teachers it's about it's
about the the blue cup blue collar said
white collars and Wall Street's included
to Wall Street's not the enemy farmers
not the enemy before
Democrats and Republicans we're
Americans and natura I'm swearing to
protect I would say Wall Street is the
enemy yes I would say if you don't know
that Wall Street is the enemy of workers
then you don't know what the hell you're
talking about and you shouldn't be in
government Jim keyd makes that point
watch this
tell the millions of families who lost
their homes in 2008 the people who lost
their pensions in 401ks and the people
who lost millions of jobs at Wall
Street's not the enemy cannot
simultaneously be the party of Wall
Street and big donors and be the party
of Main Street and working families
that's the fundamental choice that we
have right now as Democrats we each have
to search our souls and ask what kind of
leadership do we want do we want the
leadership that's going to fight for
Wall Street corporations and
billionaires what do we want leadership
that's going to fight for working
families for seniors on fixed incomes
for kids that are crippled by us college
debt by people who at times have more
month than money to me that's what
Democrats being all about
that's who I am it's what I've been
doing for the last 25 years of my life
and the experiences that I've had at the
grassroots level with my activism with
the service that I gave here in Monmouth
County and local government and doing
the work that I've done across the
United States and education and advocacy
and around the world and international
human rights and working here in the
district I've been at this for 20 years
in our hometown area in the fight and
fourth District we go to congressman
Smith's office now
and there are dozens and dozens of
people whether we're scorching on the
pavement in the summer lower bounce
around freezing in the winter
dozens of people two years ago if an
issue popped it would have been me Mary
Ann maybe two or three other people just
got a hold on her some ice the energy is
the one thing that I thanked Donald
Trump for the energy he has unleashed in
districts like this around
nothing I've ever seen before and I've
been here in the trenches at the
grassroots for 25 years so I think I can
say that with some authority and now
we're gonna take that energy we're going
to take the energy that was there with
existing party leaders who've been at it
for years where maybe in a committee
meeting there were six or seven people
and now you have 60 or 70 and we're
going to channel it all into a bold
progressive grassroots campaign that is
going to win this district doorstep by
doorstep block by block neighborhood by
neighborhood until we get leadership
that the fighting board has deserves for
37 years we had a congressman
here
so there's a guy who knows how to bring
a roomful of people to their feet he's
running in the fourth District of New
Jersey he's a fighting progressive he's
a brass knuckle progressive let's
welcome Jim Keating to the program hey
Jim how are you give me a new grade
today I'm doing fantastic that was quite
a speech you gave what was the mood in
the room when your opponent said that
Wall Street wasn't the enemy it kind of
went over like a lead balloon and
certainly I think you saw the reaction
that people had when I challenged him on
that saying that you know until Wall
Street they're not going to reform
themselves now until they're open to the
reforms that bold progressive Democrats
are putting forth I don't think we can
call them our friends know we had a
situation in 2008 where the big banks
and the rating agencies drove nearly
drove our global economy off a cliff we
lost nineteen point two trillion dollars
in wealth millions of families lost
their homes millions of people lost
their pension plans and their 401ks you
know we saw more people go below the
poverty line than in the fifty-two years
that that metric has been kept and yet
we still have not seen more than one
banker go to jail for the fraud that was
committed by the American people and
it's back to business as usual yes the
Dow may be roaring and it's over 26,000
right now but we're seeing another
bubble get inflated and my fear is that
we're going to see a situation that's
going to be even worse than what
happened between 2008 and 2010 when that
initial bubble burst and we saw the
Great Recession then and the people who
are going to get hurt the most are the
people are at the bottom and that's
because we have far too many
representatives in Congress right now
that are doing the bidding of the Wall
Street lobbyists and the giant
corporations and the billionaire class
as opposed to standing up for working
families and and mom-and-pop businesses
on Main streets all over my district and
all
the United States now the current
congressman from your district New
Jersey's fourth it's Chris Smith yes now
he's an absentee congressman correct
we call him no-show Smith he has not
lived in the state of New Jersey since
1983 he has been living in Northern
Virginia for so long as kids get access
to in-state tuition at Virginia schools
he spends less than 20% of the year per
congressional records in the fourth
district his most egregious year was in
2006 he only slept 7 nights in the state
of New Jersey and he has not held an
open public town hall meeting since
April of 1993 my senior year in college
almost 25 years ago I think that at a
minimum every American deserves a
Congress person who at least lives in
the state that they are going to claim
to represent and that they deserve a
Congress person that is going to come
back to the district week in and week
out and listen to the concerns of the
people and then bring those concerns
back to the floor of the house now when
you say a bold progressive agenda you
know Chuck Schumer also says that do you
guys mean the same thing I think on on
paper probably yes
where one's commitments have lied over
the last few decades is a different
question I can speak for myself
that the things that you know I I
believe as is a bowl progressive making
sure that we create or take away the
massive gap we see an income inequality
making sure that we protect workers
rights that we're fighting pushing back
with bold policies not only to protect
our environment and climate change but
the unleash a green industrial
revolution joining the fight for 15
making sure that we have that we have
college tuition that's free at our
public universities you know going for
the way that I explain it to people is
having public education that's paid for
with tax dollars from pre-kindergarten
up to 16th grade you know we can go on
with different issues that that we all
are concerned about as progressives and
I want to get in there and fight for
those policies now I am to the left of
center and this is one of the
disagreements that I have with some
people that are within the
party locally and nationally and I made
this point in the full debate let the
other night on Monday night that my my
opponent one of my opponents is saying
that he's a centrist and my belief is if
you're going to go in and we're going to
try to negotiate we're gonna have to do
some negotiations that Republicans
that's how the federal government works
if we put our stake down in the center
and we not have to negotiate that means
we're going to end up with a policy
that's somewhere to the center rights I
firmly believe the way to go is putting
that stake down to the left and as we
negotiate and compromise we'll end up in
the middle well either sides be happy no
but we'll meet will we have made
progress for the American people
absolutely so that's a great point by
the way and that was the big rub against
Barack Obama that he would always start
negotiations from the middle of the
other guys position and then he would
start compromising from there which is a
big mistake and you just outlined that
perfectly so when you say you're a bold
progressive one of the things that makes
a bold progressive bold is he doesn't
take corporate money that's a big that's
the hundred percent deal right there do
you take corporate money absolutely not
I've been clear with when when I started
my political career and I was running as
a council person at the city of Asbury
Park I made it very clear to anyone who
ever gave to me back in those early
races all the way through this
congressional race right now I am going
to tell you what my agenda is who I am
what I've done what I believe in and
what I'm gonna fight for if that
resonates with you and you want to give
me a contribution anywhere from four
dollars for the fight and fourth all the
way up to the max of fifty four hundred
dollars twenty seven hundred of the
primary and twenty seven hundred for the
general I appreciate the support
everywhere in between but know this I
have given you my agenda my values and
what I'm gonna fight for it's not going
to change those core values are not
going to change I don't care how much
money you bring to the table as you
mentioned at the opening of the segment
you know I turned down being part of a
3.5 million dollar endorsement contract
with you know arguably the most powerful
sportswear company in the world
while I was coaching at st. John's
University in New York City money isn't
important to me do we need it to run
campaigns yes but I want to get small
dollar contributions to run my campaigns
it's one of the things that I'm most
proud of you know and you look if you do
an analysis of congressional races they
do a pie chart where the donations are
coming from for most congressional races
small dollar online contributions make
up about 10% of the war chest for most
people running around the country miners
30% why do I want to throw that even
more wow that's that's fantastic 30%
looking that's a great risk we're going
to need that because it here in this
primary
there has been some big money that's
been lining up behind one of my
opponents and we need to match it with
grassroots firepower and this means that
we need every progressive that's
watching this show to get on to Jim Katy
calm ji MKE ady calm and make a small
dollar contribution whether it's five
dollars fifteen dollars twenty dollars
you can go more than that great if you
can do it recurring every month that's
awesome and I know it's progressive
sometimes we're hesitant we've heard man
this guy he says he's a progressive but
is he really going to deliver I would
just encourage you do a little bit of
research on me you know I've been on
Jimmy on your show a number of times
people can see over the arc of the few
shows that we've done the different
things that I've been involved with the
issues that I'm passionate about the
example that I've led on in terms of
trying to be or being a champion for
Ball progressive values we have to take
a chance as progressives
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
