the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
is an organization meant to protect
consumers from the financial industry
now it turns out is you're gonna see you
need that protection just on the stuff
that they caught the banks doing they
have returned a ton of money to you guys
I'm gonna give you the number in a
little bit so it's meant to protect you
and it does those banks aren't gonna
hand over the money to this agency
unless they were caught red-handed
I think got a team of lawyers they got
armies of lawyers and if they they are
accused of something they didn't do
believing they're gonna fight it to that
end of the earth so but they keep
getting caught over and over again so
this is a problem for Republicans
because most of their donors or a lot of
their donors I should say are from the
financial industry they're big banks now
Trump ran against the global financial
elite but in reality he filled this
cabinet full of the global financial
elite his top economic adviser is the
former head of Goldman Sachs Steve
Bannon we used to be with Goldman Sachs
Steve minuchin is Treasury Secretary
Goldman Sachs and the list goes on and
on Steven it should also went on to do
new horrific fraud and take advantage of
people whose houses have been foreclosed
he foreclosed on a grandmother for I
think 37 or 39 cents that she was past
due on so this is the swamp that he
pretend to be against but put in charge
now a prime example of that is Mick
Mulvaney there isn't a bank that Mick
Mulvaney hasn't wanted to make love to
the bigger the more he's interested in
it so what did Trump do he's like oh I
got a great idea up with Mick Mulvaney
in charge of consumer protection from
the banks now you're gonna get a sense
of what Mulvaney actually thinks in a
little bit about Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau but he was put in
there to destroy that organization to
make sure you are not protected and the
banks can keep robbing you now I'll give
you the evidence as talking points memo
explains here Mick Mulvaney the Trump
appointed acting director of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
asked for zero dollars in his quarterly
budget requests Wednesday zero
it almost seems like he doesn't want to
do consumer protection the move is
unprecedented the consumer watchdog
agency has reliably asked the Fed for
tens of millions of dollars quarterly to
cover its operating expenses the
requests of top 200 million dollars four
times and have never been rejected part
of the reason for that is you were
getting our money's worth we spend that
on the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau and we get back billions from the
banks and money they were defrauding you
guys but Moe vanie doesn't want to
protect you that's why he asked for no
money to protect you he wants to protect
the banks that's why he wants to
dismantle this program well then he goes
in there by the way he's not even
supposed to be the leader of that
organization by law it actually goes to
the acting deputy director who's Leandre
English but Trump's like rule of law I
don't care about the law just put them
in there and destroy it right so when
Moe vanie gets in there he changes the
mission statement so this is what the
mission statement used to be he used to
help quote consumer finance markets work
by making rules more effective by
consistently and fairly enforcing those
rules and by empowering consumers to
take more control over their economic
lives old mission mission statement is
about important empowering consumers to
do this now let's look at the new
mission statement now CFPB is quote a
21st century agency that helps consumer
finance markets work by regularly
identifying addressing outdated
unnecessary or unduly burdensome
regulations you understand that they
changed it to from protecting consumers
to protecting the banks from regulation
so it's like did we say consumers we
meant the bank Financial Protection
Bureau so now our new mission is get rid
of all the regulations let the banks run
wild you know what regulation is its
rules hey you're not allowed to rip off
your consumers you're not allowed to say
hey you know what even though all these
different payments came in at the same
time I'm gonna think the biggest one
first so that all the rest are over
charges and I'm gonna charge you 35
bucks for each one of those over 2
Raja's those are among the thousand
different ways that banks rip you off
now he said oh that's a unduly
burdensome regulation get rid of it rip
them off all you like they put the
robbers in charge of the banks so you
know why they want to destroy this just
last year alone Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau got back to you guys
to consumers twelve billion dollars
that's 12 billion dollars the bank's
said yep yeah yeah we shouldn't charge
you that but we tried to get away with
it but this bureau actually fighting for
consumers for real citizens caught us
and we had to give the money back
so they don't want that they want the
banks to keep the 12 billion dollars
this is the global financial elite this
is the swamp okay and they he's not done
yet he announced on Tuesday that the
bureau would quote reconsider a planned
CFPB rule to regulate predatory payday
lenders their predatory payday lenders
give them a break already
you consumers want protection from
financial predators what do you think
well I'm running a Consumer Protection
Bureau No now the new rules are gonna be
payday lenders do anything you like
there's no more regulation you want to
be predators be predators you want to
charge them three thousand percent
interest charge on three percent
interest
three thousand percent interest because
Nick Mick Mulvaney is not here to help
you he's here to rob you he is the
corruption these people are sick and if
you voted for Trump think he was gonna
end the corruption and he's gonna fight
against the banks and that was a sick
joke on you speaking of which you know
what Mick Mulvaney called the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau before he
took it over quote a sick sad joke he
said that's all this thing is Trump's
like oh you think it's a joke why don't
you go in there and destroy it like for
example when they need money that's for
no money and then they won't have any
money and you'll have to fire everybody
close the place down
I don't have your best interests in mind
they have their donors best interests in
mind this is the robbery you just watch
the video by the young turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
