john kelly is the chief of staff for
donald trump he's former general and so
he was brought in to bring some degree
of order to the white house and he did
and he's been widely praised for that
now they're in the middle of these
budget negotiations if they don't have a
budget by the end of friday the
government's gonna shut down he's trying
to avoid that there's a couple of
different factors that are involved here
chip which is children's health
insurance is on the table
doctor the DREAM Act for the
undocumented immigrants who are children
who were brought here when they were
younger is on the table for discussion
and then finally of course the wall now
the problem is Trump wants the wall but
it doesn't make any sense you can't do a
wall over the mountains the rivers but
he never understood that so he kept
saying we're good to do a big beautiful
wall cuz the whole border and in can he
get Mexico to pay for it of course not
that's preposterous
he never understood any of those things
and and it's incredibly expensive and he
never understood that so they're trying
to talk some sense into him and John
Kelly's gonna talk about that now
everything he says here is relatively
true except that that's gonna get under
Donald Trump's skin so let's watch first
The Washington Post has a story says
Kelly calls some of trumps campaign
pledges on immigration wall uninformed
meeting attendees say White House chief
of staff John Kelly told Democratic
lawmakers Wednesday the United States
will never construct a physical wall
along the entire stretch of the
us-mexico border I told them do you know
there's been an evolutionary process
that this president has gone through as
a campaign and I pointed out to all of
the members that were in the room that
they all say things during the course of
campaigns that may or may not be fully
informed so he has evolved in the way
he's looked at things campaign to
governing at two different things and
this president is very very very
flexible in terms of what is within the
realm of the possible mmm so a couple
things there was just a side note I like
how he's like look you guys are all
politicians you know you lie during the
campaign mm-hmm that's true that's true
so I like that that's just taken as a
given that's that's how Washington is
okay now on to Trump he says his
position has evolved you know what
evolve music
world it means yeah he was lying before
and now he's changed to this but with
Trump there's an extra layer he's a
dumbass so before he thought he really
could get a wall across the mountains
then now he realized oh yeah so Kelly
says he some of his positions were
uninformed okay now all that is of
course true of course and everybody in
the room knows that all the Senators
know it but the only person who doesn't
know it is Donald Trump so one of the
White House officials call Zach see us
after seeing that on Fox code oh this is
not gonna go well man this is gonna get
under Trump's skin because they said
this is John Kelly trying to be like
Bannon like hey I'm actually trying to
direct the president to the right thing
otherwise he's a knucklehead which of
course is enormous ly true it's the
truest thing that's ever been said but
Trump does like to hear that and lo and
behold Trump watches it on Fox and then
starts fuming so that source was exactly
right and then Trump can tell so he
tweets out the wall is the wall it has
never changed or evolved from the first
day I conceived of it and I love this
segment hearts will be of necessity see
through would come back to that and it
was never intended to be built in areas
where there is natural protection such
as mountains wastelands or tough rivers
or water no no you said it was again
you're gonna be on the entire border now
all of a sudden it appears your position
has evolved and you're like oh there's
mountains of water there Rio Grande
what's that hey ya not go ahead that's
why we said you couldn't build a wall
across the whole border that was the
whole point so okay or certainly part of
the point now the other part is what
does it mean what do you mean
see-through we gonna build a wall made
of glass so you could see through it no
it makes cement wall there you can see
through know that oh he means a fence
what happened I thought it was gonna be
a war you know who else promised the
fence in parts of the border Hillary
Clinton that was her exact campaign
pledge she said there's rivers and
mountains where we don't need a wall or
a fence and in all other areas I'm going
build offense congratulations Donald
Trump you now have Hillary Clinton's
position see-through see-through that
ain't no wall
that ain't no wall your position has
evolved you were completely on informed
Kelly's right about that so look if it
turns out at the end of the day they
waste a lot of money building like a
nice wall - then they shoot video of
them air on Fox 24/7 and the rest they
build a fence which is cheaper ok then
I'm glad his position has evolved and if
that's the compromise maybe I could live
with it but he ain't buildin no wall
across the border and if you really
believe that you're an idiot and and and
now this clearly proves it otherwise
tell me now tell me now you say did you
think the Trump was going to build a
see-through wall the whole time did you
know it was a fence the whole time and
not a wall and so when he builds that
fence you're gonna be ok with it look
that's where you could service to decide
but reality has a way of catching up
with you even if you're a Donald Trump
they're not building a wall across the
whole board you just watch the video by
the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
