I'm Ryan Graham I'm joined here by Alex
Emmons national security correspondent
for the intercept who covered last
night's vote on the FISA reauthorization
this was a vote to end debate on the
Senate bill that they needed 60 senators
to get over the finish line
to take them into the kind of fait
accompli section of the of the Senate's
business and they got precisely 60 votes
this is the bill that reauthorizes the
kind of well known NSA surveillance
authorities that were first exposed by
the intercepts Jim risin and then later
in more detail by by Edward Snowden so
last night you had 18 Democrats and one
independent who caucuses with Democrats
angus King vote for the bill so Alex did
it did it look like it was going to be
in doubt at any point yes it was very
close and in fact the the bill only
passed by one or the measure only passed
by one vote which was extraordinary it
means that any of the 19 Democrats that
voted to expand these sweeping
surveillance authorities and extend them
under the Trump administration any one
of them could have switched their vote
and then we'd have a lot more debate and
substantive discussion so the Senate
would be talking about amendments that
would bring in more judicial protections
for these authorities but instead they
just enough of them defected that they
just shut down all that discussion and
when they talk about when people talk
about the system being rigged it's
things like this that they point at
because you had Chuck Schumer the Senate
Democratic leader plus all of the 20 20
presidential hopefuls vote against this
but here you have a Senate Democratic
leader who stunningly can't keep
together his party and loses 19 of the
what 49 members of his caucus it almost
suggests that he didn't try to to keep
them all together because if he did it
would have been enough it would have
been enough to kill them very quickly
what what is this bill do
so to really understand the surveillance
authorities we're talking about you have
to go back to the aftermath of 9/11 the
Bush administration and what what the
Bush administration did in the panic
after 9/11 is that they started this
emergency wiretapping program where they
were essentially wiretapping all of
Americans transnational communications
communications between Americans and
foreigners at the time that was illegal
and when it was exposed Congress
responded robustly by legalizing it and
Congress has continued to legalize it
ever since and so this bill essentially
extends those surveillance authorities
for another six years and it allows the
FBI to use the data how it sees fit
searching it for ordinary criminal
investigations and going around the
normal procedure where they'd have to
get a warrant and it also goes back to
the question the criticism that a lot of
people had of Edward Snowden why didn't
you just go to Congress why did you have
to leak this stuff publicly why you know
why not just take it to the Intelligence
Committee the Intelligence Committee
already knew this stuff the a lot of the
rest of the Senate didn't and as we
learned last night even those that
learned it from Edward Snowden and saw
that the public was outraged about it
there are still enough of them to
approve it even when you have kind of a
clan adjacent Attorney General who now
has this expanded authority to do
backdoor searches on American citizens
and a president that many of them have
called mentally unstable in the last
couple of weeks the final vote is
supposed to take place Thursday morning
unless there's some type of miracle it
looks like Donald Trump is going to get
expanded surveillance authorities
