the newly independent Steve Bannon went
before the House Intelligence Committee
yesterday to answer questions about what
he knows in regards to the Russia
investigation but he ended up revealing
very little at least about that
investigation but what he did reveal is
the lengths the White House will go to
to stop him from revealing whatever it
is that he might know so we do have some
information about what's going to happen
in the future but we're also interested
in why it is that he revealed as little
as he did on yesterday's testimony
before that house committee so we're
gonna start off with a trey Gowdy
talking about his personal frustrations
with Steve bannon's unwillingness to
answer any questions we spent the first
half of the day trying to understand
what the world he was talking about with
executive privilege he his version of
executive privilege is that covers the
transition it covers the time he was at
the White House and it covers time
immemorial that is no one's definition
of executive privilege so we spent
several hours trying to figure out just
what the heck he was talking about and
then in the afternoon we had to dodge
around these three categories that are
apparently off limits now bill keep in
mind this is the same person who accused
two of the president's family members of
committing treasonous acts so of course
we're gonna want to cross-examine him on
what he thinks was treasonous but if
everything's off-limits Nesle that's a
really short conversation all right guys
we're gonna talk about the substance in
a second but I just want to congratulate
trey Gowdy for joining a boy band
I think it's awfully brave of them this
late in his career and trey remember if
you find anyone in the woods don't tape
it okay that'll get you in trouble is he
trying to look like Logan Paul he's a
lot of hair references that I sort of
get yeah the hair was interesting maybe
he ran to make that interview I don't
yes I've had hair troubles of my own
okay now putting aside nonsense trey
Gowdy on the right side of an issue what
was the last time that happened yeah
he's generally right these are
ridiculous excuses the thing that I'm
most concerned about is that you've got
the president getting the questions in
real time so it's not just that Banias
not answering the questions
his lawyers then feeding those questions
back in the White House so they could
prepare for the next witnesses and know
what's being asked and I think that's
deeply problematic and look giving
County more credit here and literally
the first time I've ever done that it's
not just that he's mad at Bannon that's
a layup that's easy in Republican
circles today but he's mad at the White
House and he's calling on Trump for not
letting Bannon answer their questions
and that does take a little bit of
political courage exactly yes so let's
break down there's because there's a
couple things happening here I mean
first of all Bannon was largely
asserting that some vague ever-present
executive privilege was stopping
communications about a lot of stuff but
especially when it comes to the timing
of what questions he can answer we're
gonna get into that in just a little bit
but I'm gonna jump ahead one graphic
because as a genk was saying the AP
reported that bannon's attorney bill
Burke relayed the questions in real-time
to the White House who then instructed
again in a real Time Bandits and not
answer any questions about things that
happened both during the presidential
transition in late 2016 or about his
time within the White House so basically
you could theoretically answer questions
except those that have to do with that
fall under the area of executive
privilege only about things that happen
during the campaign not the transition
and not after the transition even though
we know that those are incredibly
important time periods that of course
they're going to look into now what's
interesting is that bill Burke serving
as vanna's attorney in this case is also
representing a Don McGann one of the
lead White House attorneys and so it
might be that this is a way to
preemptively protect one of his other
clients who could also be called in to
answer questions at some point this was
described by representative Adam Schiff
Democrat of California as effectively a
gag order by the White House because of
how broad the protections they were
asserting would be now what's
interesting is that we also find out if
we could jump back to graphic five that
Steve Bannon has struck a deal with
Robert Muller's team we had we'd
previewed earlier this week that he
would be going before Robert Muller's
investigation not just the House
Intelligence Committee but also the
special counsel we find out now that he
has got a deal to be interviewed by
prosecutors instead of
testifying before the actual grand jury
according to someone with information
about the process so I was a little
frustrated that none of the reporters
clarified whether it was under oath or
not under the if he's testifying in
front of a grand jury clearly under oath
and he would be held responsible for
that if you were to lie during that
testimony the prosecutors I assume it is
but I'm not positive and that might be
why they destruct that deal so maybe
that it's not under oath and but he does
have to be forthright with the
prosecutors otherwise they could then
bring him to a grand jury and take other
actions against them but that that's
really good news so he answer basically
no relevant questions to the house but
the fact that the special counsel is
going to get to have him not be able to
use executive privilege and answer
questions as forthright as Steve banning
can be although from time to time as we
saw Michael Wolf's book he can be pretty
forthright yeah so we'll see if that
winds up in in any kind of fruitful
information for the special counsel yeah
although we do have to acknowledge as we
have before that while Steve Bennett
obviously very close with Donald Trump
and so it's possible that by his
proximity for quite a while that he
would have picked up something even from
all the information revealed in fire and
fury I don't know of any particular
reason why Steve Bannon would know about
these particular issues he knows a lot
about where the bodies are buried and
all that the the interplay of the
different factions in the White House
but I mean he preemptively in the fire
and fury even says I have insulated
myself from the Russia stuff so it's
possible that he doesn't have any
information right and and certainly he
seems to be indicating that and go
through great lengths to indicate that
and this might be funny but I I kind of
believe him because Bannon for all this
heinous actions and beliefs is one of
the rare people who was actually
intelligent than Trump Whitehouse so
there were some folks that are in Gary
cone rant used to run goldman sachs he
could agree or disagree with the guy but
he's very very bright man in his bright
so the minute he sees russia shenanigans
he's like I don't want any piece of that
so and that was this claim in those
frank conversations to Michael Wolf but
think about what else that mean
that means he knew that they're worse
there were funny things going on about
Russia yeah and he's like I don't want
any piece of that because that looks
like trouble it looks like you're doing
the wrong thing so even people inside
the campaign and inside the White House
could see that clear as day although
apparently some right-wingers and some
left wingers can okay and one last thing
White House official weirdly bragging to
reporters that they told Bannon quote
hey hey pump the brakes I don't think
that's the thing you should be bragging
about that hey wake up one of the
witnesses - - you know obstruct justice
in front of the House Intelligence
Committee you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
