last night Wisconsin held a special
election for state Senate District ten
and you should know that at least
historically for the past couple of
decades this has been a pretty red
district so in the 2016 presidential
election Trump beat Hillary Clinton 55
to 38 and they just that's a resounding
win right there Mitt Romney won the
district in 2012 despite losing
statewide against President Barack Obama
he won by six points so even though
Wisconsin went blue that district stayed
red and it became redder with Donald
Trump and so you know this is like the
sort of state Senate election that you
just now whatever you need like a cover
because obviously they're gonna keep it
except it's not so obvious because they
didn't Democrat patty schechner defeated
Republican Adam jar Chow now flipping
control of a seat that has been held by
Republicans since 2000 so yes she won
despite the fact that no Democrat has
held the seat for nearly two decades at
this point this makes by the way the
34th flipped seat in the Trump era all
right so obviously we're gonna do two
things one is ladies and gentlemen we
got him now goes short chow those chart
challenge that it couldn't be done
I don't know Joe is sure I mean no
target are jar-jar bye-bye so anyway
George Chou is gone
of course he's a local state Senate
hopeful of course you don't know him and
I don't know it kidding aside I do have
one fun thing from the sound board
okay so let me explain why the
celebration so number one I did the math
trumpet one by 17 points she won the
Democrat in this case won by nine points
so that is a 26 point swing twenty-six
point swing now we've had a lot of
special elections since Trump got into
office and there's been a lot of wild
swings like this in near Tulsa Oklahoma
there was a district that Trump had won
by over 30 points and a twenty
six-year-old lesbian mom progressive
very progressive won that district and
so that was an even larger swing right
so but we're starting to lose track of
the the enormity of it 26 points wings
are not a little bit they're not
medium-sized their colossal that is an
enormous swing now as John pointed out
second reason and related obviously it's
34 seats have swung that's an awful lot
of seats in when we haven't had a lot of
elections since Trump yeah one these are
just special elections local state races
etc so 34 seats is a hell of a lot of
seats on to that context so some felt
like you that it wasn't that big a deal
because a couple of the congressional
races like in Kansas and Montana and
Georgia went to the Republicans so they
thought they were okay but those were a
lot of them were deeply read districts
and that was when Trump had just begun
so now we've had a lot more Trump and
apparently people won a lot less of him
a final point it's really important why
this local state race is actually super
relevant to the entire nation is that
it's in a rural area and now in the
reddest places in the most rural areas
Democrats are starting to win and and if
that trend continues nationwide in 2018
Oh
tsunami ain't the half of it man right
now the Republican Party beginning to
realize what's going on but though of
course
Trump dozen the water is receding and
they're like oh cool the waters going
out now that's right before the tsunami
hits right on top of your head okay get
out get out of the beach okay
so this kind of swing is really I think
is now beginning to be indicative and I
didn't say that in the beginning but
that Oklahoma race that I refer to I
think that was a tipping point and and
here we are past the tipping point
Republicans are on a world of hurt yeah
I think at one point John Oliver made a
chart of all of the swings from Trump in
that district to the special election
result and it was I mean 26 is good but
there were quite a few that we're above
26 and we can't guarantee that that's
going to continue and on a larger point
I'm gonna stand in for Jerry Jackson
from earlier today don't get relaxed we
need to not only win all these elections
and a lot can happen in 7 9 10 months a
long time but we also need to make sure
that we're winning them with the right
people and that's why the upcoming
rounds the primaries are so important I
think that Donald Trump being the the
figurative and legislative and executive
head of the Republican Party means that
basically people will take anything to
stop him but we can't settle for
anything we need the right candidates
too so I agree I think that there
probably is gonna be some sort of a
tsunami but do not for one second stop
until we are weeks past the tsunami yeah
so let me double down on that and so the
part of the reason that this phenomenon
is happening is not what you would
normally suspect and not what a lot of
media is talking about it's not like
Republicans got out one day in the
reddest area of Wisconsin and went like
you know what golly gee you know I think
I liked the Liberals more now and they
went out and voted for me now that's
happens to some degree but the bigger
phenomenon is progressives Democrats are
energized and there show up to vote and
Republicans are innervated and so
they've what am I going to go vote in
these elections for and and since
they're dispirited that voter turnout is
the lie
share the reason why you're having these
huge swings so if you relax and you stay
at home during election day well then
that defeats the whole point you won't
have these results totally and so with
it but it goes to a second point that's
really important and I will have a test
case of it relatively soon
which is that if you give people a
reason to get excited that is why a lot
of the very progressive candidates are
winning in even bigger margins because
people go oh that person's gonna fight
for me so they show up to vote in a
special election when not a lot of
people do right if you put out a
weaksauce candidate I would argue the
one in Georgia was in their
congressional election that says Oh
gentility be gentle be polite civil to
Republicans uh then people don't show
him to vote as much and then you lose so
the the test case is Pennsylvania 18th
that's there's a special election coming
up there cuz Tim Murphy resigned in
disgrace he had gotten an abortion for
his mistress when he claimed to be
pro-life I love saying that okay so I
just interviewed Bob Salomon who's from
that district who's gonna run next time
around in the general election coming up
in in November and he's a progressive
and what did the Democratic Party do
they took a weak sauce guy who's like
benign and doesn't want to talk about
policies and it's trying to be
Republican line and they're running him
in that district is it is a heavily
Republican district in Pennsylvania my
guess it yeah what's that let's test it
exactly so I think my guess if I'm right
and that's why I like to say things
ahead of time so it's not Monday Morning
Quarterback is that that guy probably
won't win but it's not a bold statement
like I said it's a heavily Republican
district and it is a congressional race
you'll have more voter turnout so
Democrat probably won't win but let's
look at the margin in that race and if
it turns out that it's not as close as
two other races that'll give you some
indication don't run weaksauce you're
not getting Republicans to switch over
you're either getting Democrats to show
up to vote or they're not and that's
what's making a difference yeah and if
you're if you're feeling energized I
mean there
you can go online you can find calendars
have been put together of all of the
national special elections that are
going on at the local level at the state
level and all that so you can get
invested and there was a lot of them are
probably happening in your area but
elections are not the be-all end-all of
politics there's a lot going on every
single day across the country
I see video of some awesome dreamer
defense protests and marches and stuff
going on this Saturday is the is the
women's March I'll be at the LA like
there's there's a lot of that sort of
thing going on as well elections
obviously very important that you have
to show up then but there's a lot of
other stuff going on as well and one
last thing here or a couple last things
so Scott Walker now in a panic he's up
for re-election next week you got the
tweet yeah yeah go ahead
so we've got a Scott Walker saying
Senate district 10 special election win
by Democrat is a wake-up call for
Republicans in Wisconsin so that's
probably smartest thing he's ever said
and they said wake-up call can't presume
that voters know we are getting positive
things done in Wisconsin helped us share
the good news I like that the second
tweet it sounds more panicked he
capitalized wake up confident in areas
that would no seriously wake up and he
says share the good news look we we
would say similar things about hey share
our ideas with folks but with the
Republicans the way they share good good
news the good news is I got tax cuts for
the rich okay now do you want to share
that widely hmm I'm not really so what
they mean is hey Koch brothers send
money we're in a lot of trouble so that
we can share the good news for the
middle class right so they're gonna buy
a lot of ads they're gonna do a lot of
propaganda but in this election the
Republicans way outspent the Democrat
and they still lost
that's why Scott Walker's in a bigger
panic he's like wait if I can't buy my
way to a victory how the hell would I
win exactly that's why 30 Republicans
have already retired in Congress they
see and understand what a lot of people
on TV and certainly in Washington are
not getting the people in the
establishment are not getting we
is that poll numbers are real they're
not fake news when Trump's in the low
30s and the Republican approval is that
this low you know what happens you lose
and not only close elections but what
you previously thought were unusable
elections that's why guys like Darryl
eisah are running as fast as they can is
my extra making girlfriend you say who I
won't stay stay stay what what Ron Ron
Ron Ron and they are gone so nothing but
good news
at least for today if you like this
video bless your heart we got a lot more
where that came from we do a full show
every day Monday through Friday come
enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
