recently Attorney General's Jeff
Sessions made it abundantly clear that
he didn't care if states have legalized
marijuana for recreational use or
medicinal use he wants to utilize the
Justice Department to go after states
that have legalized marijuana and he
will do so because he feels that federal
law trumps state law and it doesn't
matter how voters in your stake feel
about it now the House of
Representatives has sprung into action
on this issue luckily they're springing
into action on something and what
they're planning on doing is approaching
this issue from two possible ways one
possible way is to essentially pass
legislation that would protect these
states that have legalized marijuana for
medicinal or recreational use another
possibility is attaching this to the
spending bill if they make it clear that
the Attorney General or the Justice
Department cannot go or use taxpayer
money to go after these states well then
it will protect these states temporarily
but I would argue that it's more
important to have a standalone bill that
passes in Congress look they're actually
taking some actions so I'm definitely in
favor of that and it doesn't mean he's
gonna pass it's just 69 House members
right now obviously this 435 people in
the house and so they got a lot of work
ahead of them it's encouraging that it's
bipartisan and part of the reason for
that is because now in the states that
have legalized people / corporations
have started to make money off of
marijuana and if you got companies
making money guess what you're gonna
have Republican politicians on your side
so in the states that have legalized the
Republicans are like what's going on now
you're giving me a campaign contribution
because we legalized I meant legalized
the whole time I did what did I say not
legalize I met legalized so now those
guys have flipped and now we have a
stronger and stronger coalition yeah
those guys flipped and I completely
agree with you that now they're addicted
to the money right you know they're
addicted to the campaign donations no
doubt but also that tax revenue that's
coming into the states is wonderful
right and so it's a great
to regulate and tax a drug that people
like to use and they were using
regardless of the prohibition of
marijuana another thing that I'm curious
about and this is pure speculation this
is a little bit of a goofy point but
hear me out I think a huge number of our
Congress members have used marijuana and
they probably know that this is a
ridiculous thing to you know prosecute
people for or to use our resources on
you know what I'm saying I do but I
actually don't agree and I'll tell you
why because I think that the those are
honorable gentlemen and they would never
do something as a sidious as marijuana
they love that okay so no they're
rolling deep I got it
you heard that phrase for the first time
today during our production meeting and
now he's using it like he's a cool guy
no no no III do cool talk anyway no of
course they sell a lot of them have
smoked marijuana look at all of our
presidents Obama Bush Clinton they all
smoked right but to them no they
remember most of these folks have no
empathy at all so they've been against
marijuana legalization the whole time
when they were smoking weed when they
were in college and God knows how much
longer after that and and even look even
Obama Obama's like oh yeah odd and I did
this thing work hotboxing in the car or
whatever he did all that stuff and then
hey can you take it off of a Schedule
one drug which compares it to the most
lethal drugs there is in the world nope
not gonna do that just as usual doe
Bhama play around the edges just a
little bit let me give you 5% change
what you did drugs you did marijuana
don't care bush you didn't marijuana
don't care okay none of them cared so
it's not their personal experience they
have no empathy it's it's the money
Lebowski just like you said you nailed
it it's a funny wonder being a gateway
drug to legalization absolutely and so
and look if that's what it takes
god bless because it is less dangerous
than alcohol it's insane that it's
illegal so I hope that 69 becomes over
250 I hope they get enough senators
let's go let's go let's go legalize it
everywhere
and every state where you legalized by
the way if it's a ballot measure in your
state make sure you get out there and
vote if there are people who are running
for Congress who say they're gonna
legalize make sure you get out there and
vote because there's gonna be a tipping
point if enough politicians start taking
money and getting the tax money as well
they're gonna vote to legalize and this
thing's gonna be over so right now we're
in a dark place where we have Jeff
Sessions as our Attorney General who
once said that he used to like the Klan
until he found out that they smoked
marijuana
so forget his views on the Klan I
assumed he was joking but that's how
much he despises marijuana right so but
we will get rid of these guys at some
point and you could even override them
you can that's how our system of
government works but you got to vote for
people who are on the right side of this
issue and it's an important issue and it
involves criminal justice reform so
don't don't take it lightly go vote
based on this if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now t whitey network.com slash
join get the whole younger so every day
