in case you were wondering or maybe you
needed a little bit more evidence to
show you that the only thing that Donald
Trump cares about in the world is money
then you need to pay attention to this
new story by Michael Lewis in The
Guardian according to a story Louis
wrote and this was actually told to him
by chris Christie who happened to be one
of the people in charge of Donald
Trump's transition team the president
absolutely flew off the handle screaming
at his aides when they told him that he
was going to have to pay for his own
transition team but that he could do so
out of a campaign fund set up to pay for
that Chris Christie told the president
this back in April 2016 one of the times
with Chris Christie said hey if you win
you're gonna have to pay for this so we
need to set up the fund now so we can
raise money for it blah blah blah then
you're all set so it doesn't have to
come out of your pocket president says
okay then August September 2016 rolls
around that the fund has some money
everything's going fine Trump then wins
the election in November and then when
they're trying to use that money
according to Chris Christie who was part
of the team to pay for the transition
staff Trump flew off the handle he
absolutely lost his mind began screaming
at Chris Christie and Steve ban and
members of the transition team he yelled
at them that they were stealing his
money because they had to use that fund
to pay for the transition which they had
warned him about repeatedly and told him
that's why that fund was ever set up but
Trump wouldn't have it he thought that
was his fund money that was his play
money he was gonna put that back in his
bank account and get even richer and he
even said and there's some language here
so be warned and this is what chris
Christie you know told Michael Lewis
Trump said this the law I don't
give a about the law I want my
 money now that was obviously in
response to his transition team telling
him you can't
just keep this money this is political
campaign money you don't get to put it
in your pocket that's illegal and
Trump's responses the law is this
really the guy you want sitting in the
White House Republicans is this really
the kind of guy that you look up to that
you want your children looking up to you
know the guy who claims he's all law and
order Trump we love police officers we
love Border Patrol we love our soldiers
and everybody out there upholding the
law and these lawbreakers oh there's
such bad people a guy who says the
law I want my money
I mean that is the exact quote that
chris Christie gave to Michael Lewis
that Donald Trump said because when it
comes to money there is nothing above it
for Donald Trump not the law not the
United States not his own family nothing
the only thing this man cares about is
getting more money and as this quote
shows us he doesn't even care if he has
to break the law in order to get it now
I hope not only that everybody
understands this story and how big of a
picture it paints of how corrupt Donald
Trump is but even more than that I hope
that Robert Muller and everyone in that
special prosecutor's office happens to
come across this article from the
Guardian by Michael Lewis so that they
can further understand exactly the kind
of criminal that they're dealing with
