Jim Acosta is at CNN and you know we've
got this whole controversy about Donald
Trump callin Haiti in African countries
shitholes and then saying we need to
have more people in from Norway now it's
a fair question as to why he might have
picked out Norway as this example of the
good countries especially given that the
president largely doesn't agree with
Norwegian politics which are far more
liberal so Kosta wanted to address that
question at the White House and for his
efforts he was shown the door let's
watch mr. president did you say that you
want more people to come in from Norway
did you say that you wanted more people
to come in from Norway is that true mr.
president I want him to come in from
everywhere everywhere thank you very
much everybody
just Caucasian or white country sir do
you want people to come in from other
parts of the world where there are
people of color and not sure if you can
hear the end of that there wolf but as I
tried to ask whether he wanted more
people to come in just from white or
Caucasian countries he said out he
pointed at me and said out as and get
out of the Oval Office and an overview
son you could rewind because though
Trump goes out and a Kasich ooh I see
that coming getting kicked out of the
White House for asking your question and
just for a second we're gonna go on with
how Acosta got kicked that is not how a
democracy that believes in the First
Amendment freedom of the press supposed
to act but also on the substance of the
question I want people from everywhere
except Haiti all of Africa I'll solve a
door and I can go on and on the
countries that you called shitholes you
said about Haiti you said let's get him
out about Nigeria and an earlier
conversation not even this one he had
said why would we let him in if they
come here they'll stay they won't want
to go back to their huts in Africa I am
not convinced that you want people from
everywhere and by the way if you do I
got good news for you you're the
president you can make that happen
tomorrow strike a deal with the
Democrats have a new policy oh right you
don't want people from everywhere you
just want them from countries like
Norway gee I wonder why
okay so Acosta's gonna give you more
details here thank you very much
everybody
just Caucasian or white country sir do
you want people to come in from other
parts of the world where they're people
of color
Junia okay so before we get there Casas
details I like that because GRE Jackson
our producer always there's like a zip
Reuter film like analysis of what
happened oh so that one was clear now
let's go to Casas explanation after that
we went into the Roosevelt Room inside
the White House where he and the
president of Kazakhstan made some pretty
lengthy remarks and then at the
conclusion of those remarks we attempted
to ask the president more questions
about this controversy and it was at
that point well if I have to underline
I've never encountered anything like
this before at the White House the
deputy press secretary Hogan giddily and
a Wrangler press Wrangler be here at the
White House got basically right up in my
face and the faces of other pool
reporters here at the White House and
started shouting so loudly that it was
impossible for the president to hear our
questions or even see that we were
trying to ask questions it was that kind
of a display it reminded me of something
that you might see in less democratic
countries when people at the White House
or officials of a foreign government
attempt to get in the way of the press
in doing their jobs but essentially that
is what just happened a few moments ago
here they were so determined to block us
from asking questions that they got
right up in our face and started
shouting no questions no questions so
the president could make an exit from
the Roosevelt Room without taking any
questions wolf it's a really serious
issue but I do have to make a couple of
goofy comments has Wolf Blitzer ever had
a facial expression it's amazing how
stoic you remains in every interview
ever
for the last 20 30 years okay now on to
the substance the president doesn't
really believe in the Constitution Frio
the press he thinks is an annoyance and
one he'd like to get rid of it he said
it a billion different times he's about
to do some stupid fake news Awards he is
openly hostile to the breasts look you
want to fight back against press that
you think is biased that's totally fair
trying to shut down the press
threatening their broadcast license ad
as he did with NBC threatening mergers
as he's doing with Time Warner 18 t down
you might have different issues of that
merger and
I do but him saying on the record that
he's gonna look into it because he
doesn't agree with CNN those are massive
actual First Amendment issues now not
letting reporters ask questions that's
not what America stands for alright but
I can't help it
you know Trump he was probably like Oh
president of Kazakhstan straight I can't
wait to meet Borat you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
