so Donald Trump had his fitness question
both physical that's much less important
and mental so he decided that he was
going to do medical exam now this is not
as old doctor dr. Harold Bernstein who
was a bit of a character as you've seen
in the past who gave Trump the note or
Trump might have given him the notes a
sign saying that Trump is in excellent
physical shape he's the greatest person
greatest physical specimen that'll ever
take the office of the presidency but
how do you know he didn't do a medical
exam with George Washington or extra
Jackson how would you know right anyway
so that guy was a goofball and that I
don't trust what that doctor says at all
but in this case news asking the White
House doctor which is dr. Ronnie Jackson
now dr. Jackson is not attached to
Donald Trump his campaign or his team in
fact he it was also the same doctor that
did the physical of Barack Obama
so Trump comes up to a missus yeah okay
yeah go ahead and just me and Hardy
Jackson says are you sure this happened
last weekend he's like no no I'm sure
let's go Liz we're gonna test both my
physical and mental acuity is they all
right be careful what you wish for
so they go to test him so let's look at
his vitals he's 6 for 3 that's what you
know that's what he used to say and we
thought maybe he was inflating it but I
mean dr. Ronnie Jackson tested him ok 6
for 3 ok that's the least controversial
least interesting part so how much does
he weigh 239 pounds I'm actually
surprised by that he looks a lot more
than 239 but apparently 239 it is okay
bless his heart how's he doing on other
vitals Trump's resting heart rate was 68
and blood pressure was 122 over 74 well
that's really really good especially for
a guy his age and for what he eats
it's like if this was not a actual
doctor that we know from the past that
has served at the White House under
other administrations there's no way I
believe it knowing Trump's record but
apparently it's true and dr. Ronnie
Jackson says he is in quote excellent
health huh color me surprised ok what it
is what it
though you see we don't change our
opinions based on you know what we want
to happen it is what it is right so and
by the way I don't begrudge him that
he's in good physical shape bless its
heart that's not an issue at all in fact
that Ronnie Jackson had something funny
to say because the reporters including
Jonathan Karl from ABC News were as
incredulous as I was when they first
heard the story we're gonna get the
mental fitness in a second but one last
thing about physical fitness listen guy
who eats McDonald's identify chicks with
all those diet cokes and never exercises
is in as good a shape as you say is it
it's called genetics I don't know it's
some people have you know just great
genes you know I told the president that
if you had a healthier diet over the
last 20 years he might live to be 200
years old I don't know I mean he he has
incredible he has incredible genes I
just assume all right oh by the way
Trump is probably beside himself with
joy on that first of all good he's
healthy so he should be happy about that
second of all when he talked about his
good Jesus during the campaign I read
all into Trump's history and throughout
his life he has kept talking about how
great his genes are because of where he
comes from tick tock tick tock
until Trump gets himself in trouble with
talk about how great his genes are but
ok for in the case of physical fitness
that is true
okay now mental fitness this ought to be
interesting so they're not going to test
them on intelligence which would have
been awesome but there's no doctor who's
gonna test them on intelligence
this is just to see is he losing it does
he have any signs of early dementia
Alzheimer's stuff like that so it's kind
of a bold gambit on Trump's part to to
go for this and I think this part is
relevant so Jackson told reporters that
Trump scored Wow a 30 out of 30 on the
Montreal cognitive assessment which
according to its website is a cognitive
screening test designed to assist health
professionals in detection of mild
cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's
disease so he doesn't have it in fact
dr. Jackson said I have no concerns
about his cognitive ability
okay so III trust dr. Ronnie Jackson I
don't see any I mean sweating up a storm
little I don't know any pressure or
anything like that but I have no reason
to believe that at all so it
well that conversation is over now that
leads to the next question I'm not sure
this was a smart thing for Donald Trump
to do because if you remember one of his
ounces Oh golly gee did you catch me
with money laundering for the Russians I
guess I have early set dementia that's
why I was saying the stupid things I was
I gotta go doctor tells me I gotta go
well that's the old Vincent the chin
Gigante excuse you know walking around
in a bathrobe saying no no don't put me
in prison cuz I've lost my mind
well you just took that excuse away and
I'm not sure that was a smart move so
I'm definitely worried about this and
I'll tell you why cuz I know I didn't
believe it and if you've watched the
show I have called him stupid a thousand
two thousand twelve thousand times and
he is he is monstrously stupid but I
never really believed that dementia
stuff that one time one thing that was
mentioned the book was that he stay said
he had trouble remembering his old
friend's name at mar-a-lago and I was
like that's the only anecdote I've ever
heard and that's kind of weak that him
not being able to find the limo never
believed in it never covered on the show
so and people might get angry at that
but look it turns out yeah yeah he
doesn't have dementia he's just stupid
that's a totally different thing but
once you take that excuse and that
escape hatch away and if Muller catches
him was something really significant
well then this is actually not good news
for the country because that there goes
the release valve so that means Trump is
more likely to get intrenched and fight
move and that could be a mess so I
really wish he hadn't done this I'm
happy for him that he's got good health
but you know whether it's for
progressives or more importantly for
Trump and his allies they've just taken
the Alzheimer's excuse off the table not
sure that was a good idea you just watch
the video by the Young Turk
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
