actress Eliza Dushku has disclosed a
pretty terrible thing that happened to
her when she was only 12 years old and
on the set of True Lies a movie that she
starred in this is a story that she has
kept to herself
and to a couple close loved ones for a
long time but recently she felt
comfortable enough to come forward and
share her account regarding sexual
assault by Joel Kramer who was the stunt
person on the movie set so I'm gonna
read portions of what she had posted on
her Facebook page it was a very long
post but these are the relevant portions
of what she said when I was 12 years old
while filming True Lies I was sexually
molested by Joel Kramer one of
Hollywood's leading stunt coordinators
he disappeared now she says that he had
earned the trust of her parents and then
convinced the parents that you know he
was going to take her out to sushi and
just have fun nothing crazy
and then other people would be around
and they should be going swimming with
the other stunt actors in the movie etc
and so the parents trusted him and he
did the exact opposite of that he took
her to his home and then this is what
she says happened he disappeared in the
bathroom and emerged naked bearing
nothing but a small hand towel held
flimsy at his midsection I remember how
he laid me down on the bed wrapped me
with his gigantic withering body and
rubbed all over me he spoke these words
you're not going to sleep on me now
sweetie stop pretending you're sleeping
as he rubbed harder and faster against
my katana claw Turner catatonic body she
also writes when he was finished he
suggested I think we should be careful
about telling anyone he meant I was 12
and he was 36 and I remember how soon
after when my tough adult female friend
in whom I had confided my terrible
secret on the condition of a trade that
she let me drive her car around the
Hollywood Hills came out to the set to
visit and face him later that very
day by no small coincidence I was
injured from a stunt gone wrong at the
Harrier set with broken ribs I spent the
evening in the hospital so she's
alleging that since she told her close
friend about what happened he retaliated
by allowing her to get injured on the
set while performing stunts uh yeah now
he denies it I'll give you a statement
in just a minute but this is disgusting
yeah so he says oh no she was just
bruised in that incident so all this is
important and boy if after want someone
who tried to protect her yelled at him
he then allowed her to get injured it
doesn't matter if it's bruises or a
broken rib and and at his horrific but
it doesn't really met that portion is
extra right he'd molest a
twelve-year-old girl if you believe this
story and yeah that's I mean we're done
right that's not close now look you do
if these were criminal charges and I
don't know statute of limitations has
run out or not we do due process in this
country okay
and he vehemently denies it but boy this
sounds enormous ly credible and there is
backup after back up so let's give you
the denial and then the backup to her
story
so Joel Cramer did end up getting fired
by world production agency also he says
these are outlandish manipulated lies I
never sexually molested her I think she
is making this up in her imagine in her
imagination now if you read her entire
account on Facebook which I highly
recommend you do it's incredibly
detailed and she talks about a number of
people that she did confide in at the
time that it happened now the one person
that she specifically mentioned in that
statement was sue Booth Forbes who was
her her guardian on set since she was a
minor she has to have a guardian on set
and that's exactly who she was and
Dushku did confide in her at the time
told her what happened she was the
person who came forward and told people
on this
those who had some Authority about what
had occurred and as a result no one did
anything and it led to Joel Kramer
retaliating allegedly retaliating
against Dushku on the set now sue booth
Forbes did corroborate this account but
did not name the specific people that
she told yeah so let me give more
background to Kramer I read his
statement it just denies it 100% lies
lies lies I can't believe this I'm being
persecuted etc now I think there are
some people who are being persecuted in
the news these days
I don't think Kramer's one of them
that's my opinion
so but I'm but we gave you his statement
and now you turn to sue booth Forbes and
she is awfully specific she said she
went to higher-ups are they complaining
about it other people knew about it they
also complain about it but the
higher-ups and why why are they
protecting this stunt coordinator well
it turns out who worked on all the
Schwarzenegger movies now that doesn't
mean that Schwarzenegger knew about the
allegations James Cameron who was the
director of True Lies says he didn't
know that he had not known there would
have been no mercy okay and he believes
Dushku and he's very adamant about that
okay no I don't know nobody knows who
actually knew on that set and didn't
know on that set may actually sue booth
Forbes might know but she didn't name
those names and I don't want to get into
that but she says no we definitely told
people he definitely did it and she said
here's another quote Joel Cramer did
what Eliza said he did he is a this is
again from sue booth Forbes he's a
pedophile and he must face the
consequences so there's the actress
friend she told her mom sue booth Forbes
and according to Forbes other people on
the Senate older brother as well and
that was all not recently but 25 years
ago
okay and the accident that she had on
the set of the day that they confronted
Cramer is in the records she was taken
in the hospital there's no question
about that
now nobody knows other than those two
what happened in that hotel room but why
would a 12 year old girl come out and
take on this powerful person who's good
friends with the main star on the set
out of nowhere and insist on it and then
but by the way
never publicly came forward it's not
like she had an axe to grind it not it's
not like Shannon agenda anyway we're
over discussing this this is seems like
an incredibly clear case also I just
looked she she just came out with with
her allegations and I just want to
really emphasize the fact that it's
taken her such a long time to do it
because when she initially did come out
she did come out to family members and
they didn't know how to handle it
because it was such a taboo topic at the
time so think about how far we've come
in all this time you know since she was
12 but also how there's still a way to
go because even though this me to
movement has been going on for a couple
months now she still didn't feel
comfortable coming forward until very
recently and it's a scary thing to do
it's a scary to come forward and talk
about what you've gone through
especially when you initially told
people it got brushed under the rug
there was one part of her statement
where she talked about how after the
apartment thing they were both in a cap
together and he had her sit on his lap
and that the cab driver was looking at
her like they were making eye contact
the entire time because she was scared
the cab driver knew something was wrong
but no one came to her you know to her
defense no one came to help her it's
just crazy
and think about the retaliation I mean
the accident happens the day that they
make it public at least on the set and
she's 12 years old do you think that he
they might have been able to ruin her
career of course it took a quarter of a
century to gather up the courage now
imagine how many times that happened to
it children like her and the women and
by the way two guys from people like
Kevin Spacey so this has been an
enormous problem for a long period of
time
and so in this case the liberation
continues if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
