journalists have been fighting to unseal
documents related to the investigation
of the mass shooting that took place in
Las Vegas and luckily they were able to
unseal some of those documents and we
have found some new information
regarding the shooters longtime
girlfriend and also some communications
he had although it's unclear who he was
communicating with specifically now Mary
Lou Dan Lee was in the Philippines at
the time of the shooting if you could
recall the shooting unfortunately ended
the lives of 58 people the shooter then
killed himself now when it comes to Mary
Lou Dan Lee she was in the Philippines
but there was some social media activity
that took place immediately after the
shooting that is suspicious right now
she has not been charged with anything
she's not even a suspect according to
the FBI but here's the information we
know based on these unsealed documents
she made changes to her Facebook
accounts privacy and personal settings
at 12:30 a.m. about two and a half hours
after the first volley of bullets rained
down on people attending a music
festival on the Las Vegas Strip now at
2:46 a.m. her account was deleted
entirely but it wasn't until nearly an
hour after that 3:30 a.m. that police
had released paddocks named to the
public so before the name went public
she had already completely deleted her
Facebook account it appeared that she
was trying to conceal the fact that she
was in a relationship with him obviously
her social media account me that very
apparent yes so there's things we know
things we don't know and I can't stand
it when people are not logical so did
she know that panic might have been the
shooter absolutely because his name is
not released till 3:30 a.m. she's
deleting things left and right at 12:30
a.m. three hours before that no one else
knows his Steven paddock at that point
she then obliterates her accounts at
2:46 a.m. 45 minutes before the killer's
name is ever released now does that mean
she knew for a fact that it was him no
but she obviously suspected heavily
it was him enough to Nucor accounts does
she know exactly what he was gonna do no
not necessarily
I mean police have not arrested her yet
so an a I'm questioned or several times
so by the way I think that's the right
way to handle it if I'm the cops I
questioned her several times right you
know and so look I'm not investigating
this I don't know all the facts we just
know what recently got released but yeah
it definitely does look suspicious
especially considering the fact that
she's been telling authorities that she
knew nothing about this at all she had
no idea she clearly knew something
except but we don't know exactly what
that is now there were some exchanges
between paddock and another email
account although it's unclear who the
other email account belongs to so
exchanges that took place three months
before the shooting so there was an
email account at Central Park one at
live.com sent an email to central park
4804 at gmail.com which read try an AR
before you buy we have a huge selection
located in Las Vegas area later that day
an email was received back from Central
Park 4804 to Central Park one that read
we have a wide variety of optics and
ammunition to try
lastly Central Park once sent an email
to Central Park 4804 that read for a
thrill tryout bump fire ARS with a 100
round magazine and he did so look I'm
gonna talk about this more in the
postgame TYT Network comm /join because
I was just in Mandalay Bay I saw where
he fired into the amount of people he
killed from that distance is amazing
and the amount of preparation he had was
unreal and he snuck 24 different guns
into there there is something very
suspicious about this story and we
certainly have not begun to hear all the
details yet so hold for more because we
this is a really weird story you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
