now that everyone has hashed out the
issue involving Donald Trump referring
to other countries as shitholes let's
focus a little bit on actual immigration
policy which is where that comment came
from now keep in mind that daca is still
an issue that has gone unresolved
meaning that the protected status of
these daca recipients is set to expire
beginning in March and so Democrats are
supposed to be playing hardball with the
spending bill in order to ensure that
they get a deal on daca and Republicans
get what they need when it comes to
funding the government to prevent a
government shutdown Democrats are
demanding that deportation protections
for 800,000 young immigrants be included
in any extension of government spending
with a January 19 shutdown deadline
looming so that's by the end of this
week and look I actually want to talk
about this story not to criticize
Republicans although they deserve some
criticism I want to criticize them where
are the Democrats like if I were a
Democrat right now I would be on every
cable news channel screaming and yelling
and talking about what the Republicans
are doing right now talking about how we
they are putting you know the well-being
of this country on the line with a
potential government shutdown because
they refuse to sign on to protections
for the dreamers before you know their
protections are set to expire by the way
something that the vast majority of
Americans agree to Democrats and
Republicans now here's what Trump had to
say about daca
he says Dhokla is probably dead because
the Democrats don't really want it they
just want to talk and take it take
desperately needed money away from our
military so obviously he's full of it of
course
Democrats want protections for the
dreamers but would you know it I mean do
you hear them do you see them
aggressively fighting to protect the
status of these daca recipients I don't
know I feel like you don't see the same
type of battle you don't see the same
type of strength from those on the left
as you do from the right when the right
wants something they will hound you
endlessly non-stop until they get
exactly
they want when the gang of six got
together and presented a trump with
their proposal for immigration
there was concession after concession
after concession for the Republicans
non-stop concessions yeah so let me dive
even further into those details so they
said okay now we want daca so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna trade you border
security and ending the lottery and all
these other things that you know
problems are now attacking chain
migration it's not a real phrase it just
made that up
okay it was a recent you know term that
they threw out there what does it mean
it's a chain migration what does that
mean it means okay you couldn't sponsor
your family members to come here if
you're a citizen that's how a great
number of people came to America in the
first place the Italian immigrants the
Polish immigrants the German immigrants
and and others as well because your
family members are here how else would
you come here legally what do you just
like are you supposed to magically
appear here with papers for what for
what how right they don't want
immigrations and they don't want
immigration from specific countries that
they're not in favor of another
concession by the way was one point nine
billion dollars toward border security
slash Trump's border wall one point nine
billion dollars selection after
concession Republicans kept saying oh
we're only against illegal immigrants
and I told you from day one we all told
you that that was a lie they don't like
immigrants period right because it's a
race issue it's it's there they don't
like those races so now they gave up the
pretense they're like oh we don't like
legal immigrants either who came from
chain migration so okay at least you
admitted by the way media call it what
it is you guys love to go crazy over
salacious comments like shithole but the
policy of the entire Republican Party
not Trump the entire Republican Party is
now they are against legal immigrants
why they don't want people from those
kind
who's coming here cuz they're fucking
racists so why don't
Democratic senators and Democratic
members of Congress go on the warpath
and say the things that you just said
right now aggressively and in a very
strong way they won't do it and that's
the thing that drives me crazy they they
are defeatist through and through they
concede they don't fight back and they
they just give the Republicans
everything they want January 19th is
this week so they're gonna give an inch
in exchange for a deeply popular program
they're gonna give the Republicans in
this deal if Trump finally takes the
deal right they're gonna give them all
that money for the basically the wall
they're gonna give them the budget
they're gonna give them all those other
parts of immigration that we don't agree
to but the Democrats are gonna give away
all this stuff so what they can get a
program you know how popular it is in
the country daca 70 percent of Americans
are in favor of it do you know that even
among Trump voters a majority are in
favor of DREAM Act they want the
dreamers to stay a majority of shrunk
voters
so what do you do so because these
Democrats who love to lose they go but
what could we do we don't know any
better we already gave away the white
house the Trump because we're moron so
then we gave them the house and we gave
them the Senate even though the majority
of the country's progressive yeah that's
according to the voting no question
about it if you just did it based on
democracy and you didn't have
gerrymandered districts the House the
Senate and the White House would all be
Democrat but the Democrats somehow found
a way to lose all those places because
they're fucking losers all right so what
would you do as strong political stance
would be no Trump said now two different
times when he did the original deal with
Pelosi Schumer and everybody Pelosi sure
came out bright Oh Trump's got a deal
with us
no you morons he's gonna change his mind
28 times between that time and this time
he didn't and and then Feinstein came
out Oh Trump told me and we're gonna get
a clean dollar bill oh you think so
Diane is that what you think and then of
course the next day he's like no way I'm
not giving him doctor it's pretty much
dead Oh Diane
turns out Trump like you you didn't see
that coming wow you are a savvy
politician it's a good thing you've been
in the Senate for about 58 years okay so
what what would you what should they
have done they always say like oh you
guys are not pranking you know here's
practical we want a clean dr. bill well
they know the Republicans aren't gonna
give it to you great he just said that
they're going to oppose something that
70% of Americans are in favor of
including a majority of Republicans you
know what that is that is a political
advantage for you exactly and it doesn't
mean you don't do that you don't protect
the dreamers it means you crush the
Republicans you fucking break their back
and then you go okay no no no nobody
gets taka again we're gonna propose it
one more time
2018 we just took 50 seats from you go
ahead and me opposed to something that
70% of Americans are in favor of do it
again bitch do it again I dare you
that's how you act that's how you're
strong but instead to go okay you take
this to give you your wall give you the
punches did we do it no no goddamnit you
didn't do it up cuz you're weak you're
losers you're pathetic how do you expect
us again excited to show up to the polls
for these loser Democrats who can't
figure out a way to fight against
fucking Trump guys at 32% popularity
32% popularity it's not time to do deals
with him it's time to break us fucking
back and drink a spinal fluid and then
you fucking brag about it on TV I just
broke Trump like a bitch are you gonna
do that none of them ever ever aren't
you losers have I been clear enough
you're very clear what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
