Attorney General Jeff Sessions has
unfortunately rescinded an Obama era
letter a memo that reconfirmed what the
current laws are in regard to debtors
prisons now we are not supposed to have
debtors prisons here in the United
States but there are certain
municipalities throughout the nation
that have decided that regressive
taxation aimed specifically at the poor
is the way to go to collect some revenue
and so during Obama's administration
there was a letter put out that reminded
the you know officials involved in all
of this that you are supposed to
consider the financial burden and the
poverty level of the person that you are
imposing certain citations and fines on
and if they're not able to pay them
instead of creating a situation where
they're in this perpetual debt which
leads to jail time think about other
ways to you know carry out a punishment
that's less of a financial burden
Attorney General Jeff Sessions didn't
like that and so he rescinded that memo
so essentially he rescinded rescinded a
memo regarding what the current laws are
so what is he trying to do encourage
people to break the law let's give you
the details the letter which was sent in
March of 2016 to the chief judges and
court administrators in all 50 states
noted that illegal imposition of fines
and fees had been receiving significant
attention and that the Justice
Department had a strong interest in
making sure the rights of citizens were
protected now this happened because of
an investigation into what police were
doing in Ferguson Missouri what the
courts we're doing in Ferguson Missouri
the Justice Department during the Obama
administration had alleged in a lawsuit
that officers in Ferguson Missouri were
violating citizens civil rights in part
because of their policing tactics and at
how they were meant to generate revenue
so they were specifically attempting to
generate revenue by you know imposing
fines and citations on the working poor
in the area great
so the letter urged court officials to
review their rules and procedures it
detailed seven principles to consider
when imposing fines and fees among them
that courts should not jail people for
non-payment of fines and fees without
first determining whether the non payor
was indigent and then establishing that
the failure to pay was willful and that
courts should consider alternatives to
jail for indigent defendants okay so
that's the rundown of what the Obama
memo indicated but jeff Sessions again
didn't like it so he did rescind it and
we'll see how this is gonna play out but
it's interesting because Jeff Sessions
the Justice Department and more
importantly Donald Trump during the
election really emphasized that he was
the law and order candidate and what we
see time and time again is not an
emphasis on law and order but you know
breaking the law and complete disorder
right
yeah disorder so it's just you're gonna
throw poor people in jail cuz they can't
they can't afford their fine so there's
federal federalism like weed is legal in
California but it's illegal at a federal
level that is a contradiction between
the kinds of law that are happening in
one location because we're in America
we're also in California so weeds both
illegal and legal and frequently it is
the job of the Attorney General as the
mouthpiece of the Justice Department on
behalf of the president in large part to
say like here's the law we care about
and that's what he's doing and in the
same way that the memo that he is
overruling said this is the law we care
about here's how our priorities here
he's by rescinding it saying here are
our priorities and his priority seems to
be like try to milk the poor and by the
same token the rich can afford to be
worse right than the poor so the poor
can do something keep defined the same
for both and it's a lower percentage of
someone whose riches wealth and it
cripples the same offense relative to
the amount of money that person has
cripples the hell out of one person who
doesn't have as much money well I mean
the thing is this has like you were
mentioning
and this has no positive impact on
public safety what so at all at all and
it's only a profit motivated decision
made on the Justice Department's part
and even more so I'll go a little more
theoretical on this for a second well
that thought for a second because I have
to respond to what you just said it's
really important so I actually disagree
that there's a profit motive here I
think maybe it might have started off as
a profit motive but actually ends up
draining resources from any given
municipality because think about it if
you're gonna you're gonna find poor
people who can't afford those fines
can't pay those fines and then you're
gonna punish them by throwing them in
the jail system as a result who do you
think pays for the jail system right the
taxpayers right so it's been training
resources right know for sure I mean
it's draining our resources right it's
not draining the federal resources or
the or the state level so they have to
find some way to make up the money that
they lost mr. pang municipality is
trying to find some way to make up the
money that they lost
federal government is trying to find
some way that to make up the money that
they lost so the thing is on a
theoretical level the wealthy the global
elite are on strike and because they
aren't strike they've refused to pay
taxes that the rest of us are all paying
and the equitable rate that all of us
are all paying yeah and so their refusal
to throw money into the pot that we're
all collectively throwing money into
means that the government has to find
some other way to generate that income
and who are they going to go after
people who cannot protect themselves on
a legal level poor folks working-class
folks love color folks so that's what
they're targeting right and so I like
that you talked about that you know in
regard to not having the resources to
defend themselves because if the Obama
era memo just let these judges know hey
you you got to follow the law and what
Jeff Sessions is doing is essentially
letting them know you can break the law
well then if people are breaking the law
then you have some legal recourse there
right you have the ability to fight back
but think about how incredibly expensive
it is to fight back people who are
powerless unfortunately fall in the
lower end of this two-tier justice
system and
that's the most enraging part about all
of this it's picking on the powerless
because you know you can because you
know they can't fight back and it's
discussed and in it provides the perfect
for them
justification for expanding their prison
system right and so that's why we you
know thankfully there were amazing
scholars who made the connection that
these mandatory minimums these kind of
regressive taxes on the poor they all go
towards trying to either build or expand
the prison system which you know
corporations profit out of or they go
towards trying to make up this debt it's
crazy wear it like manifests itself you
watch the Camp David press conference
the president gave he he essentially
just said that you know they're having a
lot of success in the places where they
go after the drugs harshly you're just
like that and that little moment is
enough for Jeff Sessions and other
people who support the mandatory
minimums to just strike and keep that
stuff happening and it's it's not fair
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network aam /join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
