during a lengthy interview with three
journalists at the Wall Street Journal
Donald Trump talked about various topics
including his relationship with Kim
jong-un the dictator of North Korea and
how they actually happened to be good
friends and also the topic of
immigration and how he believes daca and
dreamers are two completely different
things now let's start off with the
topic of North Korea something that some
people have been very concerned about
considering the fact that Trump seems to
continuously stoke tensions between
himself and the dictator of North Korea
here's what The Wall Street Journal
asked him you think North Korea is
trying to drive a wedge between the two
countries between you and president moon
of course referring to president moon of
South Korea Trump responded with I'll
let you know in within the next 12
months okay Mike and The Wall Street
Journal reporter responded back with
sure but continued I will let you know
but if I were them I would try but the
difference is I'm president other people
aren't and I know more about wedges than
any human being that's ever lived but
I'll let you know but I'll tell you you
know when you talk about driving a wedge
we also have a thing called trade and
South Korea brilliantly makes we have a
trade deficit with South Korea of 31
billion a year that's a pretty strong
bargaining chip to me and then there was
more to his answer which I'll get to in
just a second but I feel like you're
dying to jump in Brett so please do so I
know more about wedges than anyone who
ever lived
sand wedges pitching wedges Tigers Tiger
Woods has nothing on me
salad comes in wedges sometimes a
woman's shoe there's a wedge type shoe
do you think anyone else could list the
number of wedges that there are me the
most of anyone no but he is he thinks he
knows more than anyone on any given
topic he is the most athletic he is the
healthiest that was the running theme
that was the only thing he was
consistent on throughout this entire
interview
and it's look it's now beginning to
worry me
you know the accusations regarding his
mental health were unsavory I didn't
like it I just didn't want to speculate
about his mental health but as you read
this full interview and just like the
rambling nonsense that's taking place I
am genuinely concerned now I'm not
saying not simply to insult him I'm not
saying that because I am NOT a fan of
Donald Trump but this is the person who
is in charge of this entire country and
you read this interview and yes there
are the funny moments but more
importantly there are those moments
where you feel a little shocked that
he's a leader that he he makes some of
the most important decisions not just
for this country but for the world so
may the jump in he's an entertainment
star that's his background besides like
creating a methodology a business
methodology of building an empire based
on bankruptcy chapter 7 bankruptcy
lawsuits right he's just specializes in
the soundbite so he's piecing together
sound bites this is what this interview
narrates to me and the problem is he
doesn't want to thoroughly engage at one
point there were they went back and
forth about something being front page
coverage or full page coverage and
that's all he's concerned about and
that's really how superficial he engages
all these topics so again he has all
these sort of missteps but to me I aged
him with ego 101 we know he's a
narcissist and that might be classified
in some sort of psychological analysis
of his you know and fitness to be
president but I think again going back
to ego 101 the more we engage his whole
country stable geniuses creating
hashtags out of these these phrases that
he generates the more we give him what
he wants which is primetime attention as
an entertainment star he and it's at
work here the whole the whole argument
there's the reason that he's talking
about North Korea here is cuz the whole
the question that wall stir the wall
street journal' was gonna ask him was so
when it comes to some of these decisions
you have to make this month on aluminum
steel the 301 case does that it reads in
the in the transcript dot cross
and then he just goes for instance at
the very beginning you know Obama Obama
felt North Korea was his biggest problem
so he knows he's getting a question
about specific decisions he has to make
revolving around specific policy issues
that he doesn't understand and can't
enumerate the only thing it is clear to
me that he is memorized that he really
knows is to his credit the size of the
trade deficits right that we have with
other countries which you probably
memorized because he knows that sounds
impressive to be like listen are true
and that's what people around a
water-cooler that have a vague
understanding of like we have trade
deficits they like they're here 31
billion with South Korea Wow
that's it any other numbers that he's
memorize are how many people went up
against him in the primaries that he
quote vanquished right and so he gets to
how amazing he is later but the
resignation just one last thing about
that is like the resignation in the
voice of the Wall Street Journal is the
same feeling that I have where he's like
you know I'll let you know within 12 the
next 12 months my decisions okay Mike
and the Wall Street Journal just goes as
you read sure I mean it was it was
interesting because it didn't seem as
though anyone really needed to ask him
any questions you just kind of sit back
yeah let him ramble and he goes from one
topic to another and you know there were
moments in this interview where the
reporters asked him specific questions
that just flew over his head and he
continued talking about something
completely different and it was really
fascinating so on the topic of North
Korea there was one portion of their
discussion that stood out to me because
it was so symbolic or I should say
indicative of who Donald Trump is where
you know black is white up is down I
mean he'll he'll say one thing and then
later turn around and tell you something
completely different and claim that he's
been consistent on that issue so let's
give you the example he said Donald
Trump I probably have a very good
relationship with Kim jong-un of North
Korea The Wall Street Journal responded
with just to be clear you haven't spoken
to the North Korean leader I mean when
you
say a relationship with Korea Trump
interrupts I don't want to comment on it
I don't want to comment I'm not saying I
have or I haven't but I just don't
and then the Wall Street Journal
interrupts him and says some people
would see your tweets which are
sometimes combative toward kim
jeong-hoon and donald trump responds
with sure you see that a lot with me and
then all of a sudden somebody's my best
friend I could give you twenty examples
you give me thirty I'm a very flexible
person give me thirty and I'll give I'll
give you twenty examples and then you
give me thirty examples Hey okay okay
sure go for it and he would say well you
know Corey Lewandowski it just starts
listing people that he has already said
the names of in the interview like he
says that I think the best thing to do
is ask him okay give me an example and
he doesn't he wouldn't be able to well
there was there was only one real
follow-up question to his like crazy
inconsistent nonsense which drove me
crazy and we'll get to that follow-up
question later but in regard to to the
examples he can give of people that he
goes after on Twitter and then later
they become they're his best friend he
they didn't ask him that follow-up and
that annoys me like ask him okay you can
give 20 examples but you don't give me
20 give me three
give me three examples oh you can't give
me three that's fine give me one example
I think that's they need to really hold
him accountable and have him be specific
about what he's claiming because he's
gotten away with avoiding you know the
specific nature of his answers you know
from the election to the current day and
that's what drives me crazy if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
