now that it's been established what
Donald Trump said much more importantly
what do both diplomats and governments
around the world actually think about
this what is likely to happen as a
result of this comments if anything well
first of all and perhaps most
importantly the AAP put out a statement
saying that the Haitian government said
Trump Migration comment as reported
reflects quote racist view of the
Haitian community so that's gonna create
some awkward meetings I'm sure the
African Union continental body told The
Associated Press it was frankly alarmed
by Trump's comment and a spokesperson
put out a comment saying given the
historical reality of how many Africans
arrived in the United States as slaves
this statement flies in the face of all
accepted behavior and practice is
particularly surprising as the United
States of America remains a global
example of how migration gave birth to a
nation built on strong values of
diversity and opportunity although I
would add yes but in constant conflict
historically with absolutely retrograde
xenophobic views about other communities
unfortunately South Africa's ruling
African National Congress called Trump's
comments extremely offensive and the
government of Botswana put out this
press release saying the Botswana
government has also inquired from the US
government through the Ambassador to
clarify if Botswana is regarded as a
shithole country given that there are
Botswana nationals residing in the US
and also that some of Botswana may wish
to visit the US I mean I'm sure at some
point perhaps things can be paved over
but a lot of these places probably had
reason as we've laid out to be cautious
about Trump and his administration
anyway how do we pave over Honduras how
do we pave over what the Clinton
Foundation did in Haiti how do we pave
over Iraq how do we pave over Libya
Afghanistan serious cultural you know
this year how do we pave over some how
we pave over all that shit but Trump
says some fucking crazy shit and this is
the I would say in addition to those
previous things then okay now I'm just
like what I'm trying to say is again
this is the establishment focusing on
bullshit instead of focusing on real
shit this helps triangular case this is
both people in this country and also
governments I know
responding to yet another example and a
particularly blatant one that feels very
old-fashioned of the sort of racism in
the incidents that you've talked about
we're doing xenophobia non-stop in the
United State
against Russia then NBC News just did a
whole segment on anchor babies from
Russia can you imagine if they did a
segment on anchor babies from Mexico
everybody would be up in arms right yeah
they but they're not so word that we're
okay with xenophobia just a certain kind
I can't speak for everything that you're
watching I would argue that in the same
way that so I grew up politically in the
Bush years in the wake of 9/11 during
the Iraq war and everything and I I was
important to me to differentiate between
the nationwide confident condemnation of
bush and the bush government and the US
people and so I would say I don't know
everything you're watching it's entirely
possible a lot of it is just ridiculous
criticism of Russian people but I would
say the criticizing Vladimir Putin and
the Russian government's different than
criticizing Russia I agree
no problem with yes no problem but you
know it's gone to zeniff 100% xenophobia
we're now people Michael Tracy's
reporting it did you meet anyone who was
Russian did you guys did you eat pot and
pasta Puttanesca
the fuck is going on in this country
it's happening and so again we should be
attacking Trump on policy and and let
this stuff go away cuz this helps them
and it's a distraction and again what we
can't do right now is criticize him on
the surveillance state because both
parties are going along with it and
they're doing it for money because they
don't care about you which is why Bernie
Sanders ran in the first place which is
why we got Trump in the first place
because the Democrats cannot criticize
Trump unreal shit they're going along
with this foreign policy they're going
along with this military budget they're
going along with all this horrible stuff
I'll stop going well no I was gonna
going on that another part of the
conversation that's also getting just
pushed to the side here because because
it Trump's shithole comments you know
dick Durbin went on and on he said
shithole he said shithole what I wish I
could have heard him or any Democrats
say is how they're pushing back against
the wall and why what kind of example
are we sending to the world if this wall
actually happens you want to talk about
racism this wall is racism right this
wall is a complete waste of resources
and that's the reason we're not moving
on daca because of this wall that most
people don't want that's a total waste
of resources we don't even know how much
it's gonna cost it's not gonna cost
it's good yeah we have no
how much is gonna cost he's gonna try to
privatize everything so basically he's
gonna use this as an opportunity to use
our tax dollars to make his friends
richer
nobody screaming about that and if this
goes by we aren't paying attention it's
a complete waste
I will agree with you that it's a
distraction if what someone does the one
and not the other but I hold myself to a
higher standard I mean we criticize the
Pfizer discussion yesterday on the show
and so now I'm just going to discuss
this today and again I mean every issue
is we have a very diverse audience in
terms of Ages Geographic or a location
all of that even politically to some
extent and so for some people they're
probably thinking this is a huge
distraction I don't care about this talk
about something else and we will shortly
but for other people this is very
important and so I want to make sure
that we address the concerns of all
different types of yeah I don't mean us
covering them you're saying the way that
it's mainstream media yeah I'm saying
that we could cover the spectacle no
problem but I'm saying the problem is
what we should be covering is dick
Durbin saying something else so we're
supposed to cover dick Durbin and we're
supposed to cover Nancy Pelosi and we're
supposed to cover this but my thing is
why are they talking about this dick
Durbin cuz they don't want to talk about
the real thing they don't want to talk
about policy because they don't have an
agenda they don't have a jobs program
they have no way to help these poor
black women who just get Doug Jones into
office in Alabama they don't have an
agenda that they want to talk about
which is why they want to talk about
shithole and every other stupid thing
like that that's why I'm not saying we
shouldn't cover it I'm saying that the
Democrats are now letting us down once
again by not taking control of the
conversation in these do it I know I
agree and hopefully in terms of the
media long term as people migrate more
and more to shows like this the rest
will have to catch up if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
