you know one of the things that Lee Neal
liberals are pushing is fracking fracked
gas and they've told a lot of lies about
it that it's the bridge to the future
it's clean it's none of those things and
right now I'm going to bring on two
people fighting against corruption in
government and fracking specifically
James Cromwell zanuck oscar-nominated
actor and activist along with Pramila
Malick and they're here to talk about it
by the way James was also part of the
well while we andhe six who got arrested
for protesting the CP v Valley energy
center in Orange County New York welcome
to the show thank you
so is Parrilla by the way okay Pramila
what did I say
no no but she was also part of the
chocolate yes one third of the wall we
under six are right here with us one
third of the while we onto six right are
with us alright thank you so much so
we're here to talk about first of all
how's it going with the CP Valley energy
center and your protests it's not going
very well we made every effort to to get
a stay on the construction of the
Valerie Valley lateral pipeline which
brings the gas to the plant which goes
it's right-of-way goes right through an
endangered species habitat and affects a
nest of two bald eagles which are in
residence and they're preparing to breed
which is against the law that protects
bald eagles but the power of this
company this industry is so great that
they are able to manipulate both the
court system the regulatory agencies the
government they can do anything and they
we that is why we are losing our
democracy because in every area this is
what is happening the donors are taking
over and it is almost impossible for
ordinary citizens to fight this it takes
all our time and all our effort and we
just don't have the clout and the NGOs
in the middle are conflicted because
they of course need access
and they and they want very much to push
their agenda forward which is not always
the agenda of the grassroots people and
so there's this incredible tension and a
lack of support on the base on the part
of these NGOs to support what we're
doing
so you're say you're making the case
like people like the Sierra Club like
it's great they're not necessarily in
touch with the grassroots
environmentalists because they're
somehow co-opted you're saying by these
same forces that want to implement these
anti environment policies well they
haven't have an agenda and the agenda
that they had originally was they wanted
to stop coal and nuclear and so they got
caught up in that the coal industry is
moribund anyway the nuclear industry in
this particular area is epitomized by
Indian point they wanted to close Indian
Point and we're willing to do almost
anything to close Indian point and so
they made an arrangement a sort of quid
pro quo it seems with Cuomo that they
would get the closure the ultimate
closure of Indian Point which then they
could Trump it to their membership and
say we did this we stopped this power
plant it has to be done and they would
back off of CPV which allows Cuomo to
say to the business community
if there will be no de munition of
energy we will still be producing it it
will be made up by this we don't frack
here we have a they call it a ban but it
is not a ban it's a moratorium it can be
lifted at any time and we will have we
will have the energy the people who pay
for this with their lives their
well-being the futures of their children
are the people in eastern Pennsylvania
in the fracking fields which are now
becoming unlivable with the build-out of
hydro fracking infrastructure this will
be repeated in community after community
the clean air plan what they want is
three clean power plan they want they
want 300 of these things all over the
country and the pipeline is like a
spiders nest which will suffocate this
country will destroy what this country
is and what the people want from this
country so what you're saying is that
Governor Cuomo is making it look like
he's friendly to environmental interests
by putting a moratorium on fracking in
the state of New York but what they're
really doing is fracking in Pennsylvania
and then they're building pipelines
which is destructive as we all know to
carry that frack gas to a power plant in
Orange County New York that's what
that's so he's he's getting he's getting
credit for doing something he shouldn't
really be getting credit for right I
mean we don't have a ban as you've
stated it's a moratorium but everybody
thinks it's a ban the big green groups
cast the executive order as a band and
it's actually only contingent upon Cuomo
staying in office and that's something
that has been you know held over the
heads of environmentalists in New York
State as well but you know this power
plant is being built to serve New York
City and New York City is the second
largest consumer of power in the world
so what the approval of this plant did
is it just handed the fracking
enterprise the biggest market one of the
the second biggest market in the world
that they could have asked for and so
you know you see with Governor Cuomo and
with a lot of politicians the this kind
of political optics in this game that
they play on the issue of climate change
and the environment and the climate
crisis is so great it's it's it's so
urgent to the magnitude is so great that
we cannot afford any deception any
missteps we can't afford to play
politics with climate change and that's
what a lot of politicians are doing and
you know our governor is aspiring to be
2020 presidential candidate and he is
also aspiring tries to cast himself as a
progressive but you know if you scratch
beneath the surface you see the reality
that there is this in
trenched corruption in Albany the
presence of big moneyed interest really
has our state government under siege and
I think that if this governor really
wants to be a serious viable candidate
he must exercise himself from this big
money interest and the fact that this
power plant is still under construction
and still going forward when there was a
federal indictment of aids of directly
into his office for their approved for
their support for this power plant it
really questions whether he's ready to
to be a true progressive and to really
exercise himself from big moneyed
interest and and and that's the big
question we have to ask both in terms of
you know you know whose are they are we
gonna have politicians that really
represent the public interest or not and
I think that you know fractus are very
concerned about you know who our
candidates are gonna be in 2020 and and
where it's going to leave the
environment famila at this is stuff
summer on Jamie I really appreciate your
activism my question is I know a little
bit about Jerry Brown here in the state
of California and how he seems to be a
big friend of fracking and I want to
support your cause what can I do here in
California to help support well you have
to start start at the grassroots these
things have to be opposed the local
community has to be educated as the
threat that these plants represent to
them the state has got to be educated
that it's the wrong way to to the
direction that they're going in in terms
of the development of energy more the
public has to get behind initiatives
that that that decrease the subsidies to
fossil fuel industry and increase them
to renewables you know the only thing
that's going to save us on every front
is people in educating themselves and
going out in the streets
whatever protest whatever is necessary
it's not going to be done through the
government it's not going to be done
through the regular
sorry agencies is going to be done by
individuals this woman sitting next to
me has dedicated her life for the last
probably eight years to stopping this
sometimes working completely alone the
reason that it's taking them so long is
probably the activities of this woman
this is what every every community needs
a per mil omalley
everyone and every celebrity worth their
salt should be out there saying and all
the other issues are of course they're
immensely important they're all the same
issue the same dynamics occur in every
issue what happens in Hollywood in terms
of the assault on women the non
recognition of their value the
compensation for the work that they do
is the same mentality this is a profit
mentality run by men who have lost
contact with their own spirit and with
the world and their responsibility to
the future of the people of this country
they have to be reminded they probably
will be reminded by women yes James
Cromwell and famila Malik they're
fighting fracking they're doing it
locally in New York in Orange County
against the CPB Valley energy center but
they're raising our consciousness about
of course the problem in our country and
culture right now is a complete and
utter takeover of our government and
culture by corporations and corporate
money they call it donations they call
it lobbying it's flat-out bribery and
that's what's happening in America so we
all have to raise our consciousness
tracking bad solar power good
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
