compared to past presidents during their
first year in office Donald Trump has
achieved basically less than everybody
that came before him with the exception
of I believe one other president but
there is still one area where Donald
Trump has everybody beat and I'm not
just talking about his constant
vacations which also set a first year
presidential record now as it turns out
there is something that Donald Trump
loves even more than taking vacations
and that is lying to the American public
earlier this week Donald Trump
officially told his 2,000th lie as
president of the United States since
being sworn in on January twentieth of
2017 meaning it took him less than a
full calendar year to tell 2,000 lies to
the American public and what was that
2000 lie about it was about the border
wall Donald Trump said during a meeting
that not only can we finish the wall
within a year but it's also gonna cost a
hell of a lot less than previously
reported those people who actually
crunch numbers for a living they were so
wrong and Donald Trump was right it's
gonna be you know few bucks here and
there we'll build this wall in less than
a year we're good to go
so that was mm life from Donald Trump
and I'm willing to bet that before
January 20th when we hit that full 365
days of Donald Trump being president
that the number is going to go much much
higher than just 2000 lies at this point
Donald Trump is now averaging five point
six lies to the American public
per day which means that the frequency
with which he is lying to the American
public is actually increasing about six
months into his administration he was
lying to the public about four times a
day I think the official number was
about four point two four point three
three months ago the amount of lies that
Donald Trump was telling per day was at
about 5.2 and now it's at five point six
is he gonna hit that six lies per day
within the next few months based on
everything that we have seen from this
man since being sworn in as president I
have no reason to believe that
we won't hit six lies per day and that
by the end of 2018 we're probably going
to be looking at seven or eight lies
from the President of the United States
every single day the worst part about
this is not only do we have a president
that is incapable of telling the
American public the truth but we have a
decent sized portion of people in the
United States who don't seem to care
either they buy into everything that the
president says or they just chalk it up
to well all politicians lie so I'm gonna
give them a free pass on this this is
not something to be taken lightly this
is not something to just gloss over this
isn't something that should just make
you roll your eyes and say okay move on
this is a man who is the most powerful
human being on the planet arguably
telling 5.6 Lies to the public every
single day this is something we should
care about this is something we should
probably do something about and I know
we can't just impeach or remove a
president for lying about stupid things
as most of Trump Trump's lies have been
lies of vanity however I think this kind
of falls underneath that category of
mental fitness and when we have a man
who continues to live in his own version
of reality and ignores anything
resembling the truth I think at that
point it might be time to start bringing
up the 25th amendment and if the
Republicans in Congress had any shred of
dignity or concern for the American
public they would take these two
thousand lies and put those in as an
exhibit showing Donald Trump's mental
Fitness is not where it should be in
order for him to serve as president of
the United States unfortunately the
Republicans are just a little too weak
to actually do that if you're thinking
about subscribing to our channel I
strongly encourage you to do that but if
you're not thinking about subscribing I
would encourage you to start thinking
about it and then once you're thinking
about it actually go and do it you can
see the subscribe button right there on
the screen or if you're watching on a
different platform go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire
