I'm sure everybody understands at this
point over the weekend Donald Trump had
to tell the entire world via Twitter
that he was in fact a very stable genius
well it actually hasn't taken long for
Democrats in Congress to put forward
legislation for Donald Trump to
basically put his money where his mouth
is
representative Brendan Boyle a Democrat
from Pennsylvania in the House of
Representatives has sponsored
legislation called the stable genius Act
that would require presidents and
presidential candidates to undergo full
psychiatric evaluations and mental
health exams in order to run for
president and in order to keep their job
as president of the United States now
the name of this act the stable genius
Act is obviously a critique of Donald
Trump's tweets but the humor in that
aside this actually is a very important
and vital piece of information I should
say that we need in the United States
not just because of Donald Trump this is
something that should have been put in
place decades ago there is absolutely no
reason whatsoever why people seeking the
highest office in the land seeking the
sole authority to launch a nuclear
strike against any other country in the
world there is a reason why we shouldn't
make sure that this person is mentally
capable of fulfilling the job of the
presidency regardless of Donald Trump
even if we had a Democrat in office
right now Hillary Clinton or Bernie
Sanders or Elizabeth Warren it should
still be required that they go through
these mental health exams so that the
public knows and has faith in the fact
that the President of the United States
is not a raving psychopath who's going
to go off the rails and bomb a country
off the map just because they get mad at
a tweet that's what we need as a country
we talk about security all the time we
talk about we need security on the
border we need security from Islamic
terrorism we need security from the
present
of the United States regardless of their
political affiliation that's where we
should start if we want true security
here in the United States how about we
make sure that our elected officials are
up to par how about we make sure that
they're not suffering from some kind of
disease or other mental illness that's
going to put the entire country in
jeopardy
that's what Brendan Boyle is trying to
do here that's what this legislation is
about yeah it's a dig at Trump but it's
also something that's sorely needed in
this country and I wholeheartedly
support the what they're trying to do
here and no I don't think it's an
invasion of somebody's privacy if we
find out you know their mental health
you know level I guess because if
they're seeking the highest office in
the land you're kind of giving up that
privacy we should be able to see your
tax returns we should be able to see
your physical results we should
understand everything about you so that
we know that you are physically mentally
and otherwise competent morally
ethically all of that to fulfill the
duties of President of the United States
and that is what this legislation is
attempting to do now let's be real here
it really has no chance of succeeding in
the House of Representatives or in the
Senate because Republican control but if
Boyle just kind of saves a copy of this
and maybe if we're Democrats excuse me
take back the House and Senate in this
coming November I would love to see this
piece of legislation be the very first
thing that the house considers when they
get sworn in next January if you're
thinking about subscribing to our
channel I strongly encourage you to do
that but if you're not thinking about
subscribing I would encourage you to
start thinking about it and then once
you're thinking about it actually go and
do it you can see the subscribe button
right there on the screen or if you're
watching on a different platform go to
youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
