so the governor of Missouri Missouri is
in a world of trouble he's a Republican
ran on family values of course now he's
involved in a sex scandal of course a
sex scandal maybe also a sex sandal I
don't know but he of course when he was
running said I'm Eric Greitens I'm a
Navy SEAL native Missourian and most
importantly a proud husband and father
well we didn't bring that issue up he
did he ran on it in fact I'm gonna show
you a commercial a little bit later
where he involved his family
significantly so well the woman that he
had an affair with and he admits that he
did have an affair he disputes that he
blackmailed her or hit her we'll get to
that in a second but the woman does not
want to reveal who she is
so how do we find out about this story
well at the time that woman was married
to someone else and that guy is not
happy so he apparently recorded his wife
talking to him about their affair and
that's on tape local news stations got
it they played it on air it is
absolutely clear what the wife said at
the time and among the things she said
about Greitens treatment at the time was
that it was quote horrible and
disgusting so what was it
well she explains to her husband she
doesn't know she's being recorded so you
know take it with whatever great assault
you won I mean on the one hand she
doesn't know it's being recorded she's
she's more likely to be honest on the
other hand she's trying to explain this
affair to her husband so I'm giving you
all the angles here okay on the call she
says I met Eric a year ago and I
instantly had a big crush on him
so she's been honest with her husband
admitting she did have a crush on him so
that part is clearly consensual so
that's important to know
then she explains he said the government
has said I'll make you feel better I'll
make you feel good
come downstairs after he had convinced
her to come to his house I want to show
you how to do a proper pull up and I
knew he was being sexual and I still let
him and he used some sort of tape I
don't know what it was and taped my
hands to these rings and then put a
blindfold on me you know sometimes I
joke around on the show about watch out
for these guys who keep telling you
about their family values they've got
somebody tied up
basement in this case it was literal and
she kept saying to her husband on the
call you know I didn't know what was
happening I didn't know what he was
doing you know I knew that it was
something sexual and I agreed to it so
that's my fault but I didn't agree to
all of it and then this is what happened
next and this is very important she
explains he stepped back I saw a flash
through the blindfold and he said quote
you're never going to mention my name
otherwise there'll be pictures of me
everywhere oh look somebody has an
affair that's their business and I have
said this when Democrats do it I've said
it when Republicans do it especially if
they're Republican and we go through the
record to see if they're hypocrites or
not if they were not hypocritical you
could be a Republican who's four giant
tax cuts for the rich and for more wars
but you didn't run on family values and
and you were open-minded about that
issue well then your affair is your
problem not my problem that's not
something I'm concerned about and not
something I'd like to judge you for but
when you run our Family Values you tie
up a woman in the basement and then
threatened to blackmail her she tells
anyone well that is not consensual and
we've got a massive problem and by the
way you're an unbelievable jerk to say
the least that's how you treat her and
that was in the beginning she explained
yeah you afterwards she did have a you
know another relationship with him and
and then she tried to break it off when
she told him that he she was her his
hairdresser and he eventually she wound
up telling him look you're ruining my
family life here my husband knows now
please don't come to the salon anymore
so there were times when it was
consensual but certainly taking of the
picture was not in the recorded phone
conversation cam ovie who which got the
tape explains that's the local station
in Missouri the recorded phone
conversation the woman takes on some of
the blame and says that Greitens
apologized after the encounter and told
her he had deleted the picture okay now
this is my speculation no he didn't guys
like that don't delete the picture he
had that in his back pocket there's
probably a 50% chance he still has the
picture okay but that's my speculation
let's go back to what she said she
claims they had at least one more
physical physical interaction later that
day so that goes back to concession
giving you full context here okay all
right now we go to James Bennett he is
the attorney for the governor he says
there was no blackmail and that claim is
false this personal matter has been
addressed by the governor miss
Crichton's missus Greitens privately
years ago when it happened now rages
claims of improper conduct regarding
these almost three year ago events or
false now remember the woman has not
come forward
it is tapes of her from her ex-husband
now ex-husband they were married at the
time so she doesn't want any of this
publicity she doesn't want to be known
as the person who had the affair with
the governor and got tied up and all
that stuff so I get the aggrieved
ex-husbands angry about the governor but
he has the tapes from back then why
would the wife lie about it back then I
mean she might lie that she didn't have
the affair to cover it up but she didn't
she said yeah I did have that affair and
this is what the guy did to me okay so
now Greitens put out a joint statement
with his wife you're in this kind of
mess have the decency to leave your wife
out of it but no he's gonna hide behind
her they say a few years ago before
Erick was elected governor there was a
time when he was unfaithful in our
marriage this was a deeply personal
mistake Eric took responsibility and we
dealt with this together honestly and
privately now look again if there was no
charges of non-consensual behavior and
he didn't run on family values at all
I said yeah man that's their business if
she wants to forgive him bless her heart
that's not our job to judge him or most
importantly his wife and the decisions
that they've made about their marriage
but it wasn't private it wasn't private
at all so let me show you a campaign ad
that he ran now this is after he had
their fair and he knows he tied her up
in the basement this is the ad he ran to
become governor this election is all
about the future do you want more
government higher taxes billions and
Obamacare expansion and
corrupt career politicians as usual and
vote for Chris Koster that's what he's
been doing 22 years but if you believe
Missouri needs to change direction we
can bring back jobs clean up state
government and still give our kids the
future they deserve I'm Eric Wright and
we're asking we're asked we we are
asking for your vote
don't put your wife in the head I mean
that affair was what seconds before that
ad was shot I lose the affair was three
years ago so I guess about a year and a
half two years before the ad was shot
don't put your wife in the had man don't
run on Family Values don't tell us that
one of your advantages is that you're a
decent person who has family values
there's no end to their hypocrisy so the
ex-husband said he took a picture of my
wife naked as blackmail there is no
worse person I think it's as bad as it
gets
it's as bad as it gets when someone
takes advantage of something now that
was the original story late-breaking
story now new charges immediate reports
additionally now she has come forward
the woman that was in that affair has
stated that Greitens slapped her when
she revealed that she had sex with her
own husband so now you've got assault
you've got potential blackmail and
finally Republicans in the state of
Missouri have called for an
investigation saying that this cannot
stand
we have to find out at least what
actually happened yes I encouraged that
investigation and we'll find out
hopefully through that investigation
who's right and who's wrong but right
now it does not look good what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
