senator Kirsten Gillibrand is planning
to block the confirmation of a US
attorney in Manhattan that has been
nominated by Donald Trump now there are
some serious conflicts of interest in
this nomination which is why she is
stepping in and taking action now the
name of the judge is a Jeffery Berman
and apparently Trump had interviewed him
personally before naming him for this
position now the issue here is that
Berman would be in charge of overseeing
the Russia investigation into Trump
because Trump lived in New York the
meetings took place with with you know
the Russian representatives in New York
or people from Russia in New York and so
he would have a lot of sway or influence
over this investigation now he is also a
huge Trump supporter during the 2016
election election he donated five
thousand four hundred dollars to Trump's
presidential campaign but senator
Gillibrand is not okay with all of this
so she's stepping in and she's using a
formal process to do so so Berman was
appointed last week by Attorney General
Jeff Sessions as the in term US Attorney
for the Southern District of New York
placing him in charge of the powerful
arm of the Justice Department in
Manhattan that has jurisdiction over
presidents Trump's business is there
okay the senator is going to use
something known as the blue slip
prerogative to launch her objection over
reports that President Trump had
personally interviewed mr. Berman as
part of the selection process
so she also mentioned the conflicts of
interest inherent in mr. Berman's
potential jurisdiction on matters that
could affect the president personally is
the main reason why she's stepping in
here so new presidents normally
interview the US attorneys that they
select no and there's a good reason for
that because the Justice Department
could investigate of the executive
branch and so it's very important the
Justice Department be independent now
this is not a normal situation where a
president might think well I don't know
I kind of want to interview the guy
who's gonna be a US Attorney out of
Kansas right
no he's in
reviewing completely you know outside of
the normal browser bounds of president
interviewing a guy who would have
jurisdiction over himself while he's
mired in an investigation so it's not
like out of the blue there's already an
investigation of Trump that's his home
base Trump Towers there all the calls
all the files everything is in Trump
Tower and he says I'd like to interview
that guy to make sure what is what he's
Trump care about loyalty
remember that's why he fired James Comey
because he wasn't loyal enough he's mad
at sessions because he's not loyal
enough and he let rod Rosenstein
appointed special counsel so he I'm sure
that he has Berman and that's you know
Berman hasn't said it so it's a little
bit of speculation but given Trump's
pattern very likely asked him for
loyalty and apparently got the right
answer cuz he nominated Berman that's
right
so this is the best thing kirsten
gillibrand is done she's done a bunch of
good things lately I know she's probably
thinking running for president has
acting more progressive great great I'll
take it wonderful right so goddamn right
you blocked Berman you have this
prerogative it's not even a close call
right so I mean it's it's amazing how
brazen Trump is when it comes to this
issue when it comes to the issue of the
Russia investigation even if you think
that the Russia investigation is
left-wing nonsense and it's just trying
to find an excuse for why Hillary lost
why why why is he trying so hard to play
certain individuals certain positions
that will protect him why did he confess
very openly during an interview that he
fired Comey over the Russia
investigation why is it that members of
his administration members of his family
Trump himself have not been forthcoming
in this investigation at all I mean come
on he's so brazen he just took a piece
of paper some document that talked about
you know who donated what to his
campaign he's like oh okay
this person this person donated some
money and could probably protect me let
me go ahead and nominate that person
come on
yes insane what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get it completely ad free if
you could
come a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
