welcome to rebel headquarters we've got
a great guest for you guys today
representative better O'Rourke he is the
congressman from Texas 16th district
he's also running as Ted Cruz well if
you're true progressive in the country
there's there's not a lot of folks you'd
rather have defeated than Ted Cruz so
congressman O'Rourke great to have you
back on the show Jane good to see you
thanks for having me on yeah I should
say back on the network this is your
first time on rebel headquarters it's a
new show on the network so great to have
you here so I want to ask you about your
campaign and I want to ask you about
what's going on in Congress let's start
with Congress because you're there right
now physically right now what's
happening we just returned from a
procedural vote that would force
Congress to adjourn it's a part of the
larger protest I'm part of the
Democratic caucus to elevate the issue
of dreamers the deferred action for
childhood arrivals and their impending
deportation if if we're not able to
figure something out and there's nothing
officially on the calendar this week
legislatively to address the issue so
Democrats are trying to force the issue
and then tomorrow we'll vote on the FISA
laws that allow for Americans phone
calls email traffic to be monitored
searched up potentially without a
warrant and that's that's the the
biggest piece of legislative business
before us on the next week of course
funding the government which runs out on
the 19th Community Health Center's
children's health insurance program and
again the dreamers assuming this does
not get resolved this week so let's take
those one at a time because they're all
really important let's talk about the
dreamers and the budget so there's been
conflicting reports out of Congress that
that either the Democrats were not going
to fight for the dreamers in the budget
showdown and then later after some
pressure was created Nancy Pelosi seemed
to change that and now say that they
they are going to demand on the dreamers
in order to pass the budget you know
what the latest on that is not from
leadership but I'll tell you for from my
part
being in Texas with 200,000 dreamers
there are a few states with more to lose
if we don't do the right thing this may
be the only opportunity to force the
kind of compromise that will necessarily
include Republicans to get it done I
would just change really quickly add one
another very high priority for me
personally and I think for Democrats
which is this children's health
insurance program and in Texas 400,000
kiddos depend on chip for their ability
to see a doctor and as you know in some
states they're already sending out the
cancellation notices and these are
parents who don't earn enough to enroll
in Medicaid earn too much for private
insurance these are kids are gonna have
diminished outcomes
I think diminished lives if we're unable
to get this extended so those are my top
two issues going into this budget or
government funding negotiation so if if
you don't get those two would you vote
no on the budget I would yeah I just I I
don't I don't see how you could move
forward knowing that you've left so many
behind and as you know the Republicans
have more than enough votes to pass a
budget on their own in the house and in
the Senate and they have the presidency
so if they would like for me to help and
I'm absolutely willing to do so they've
got to listen to me and to my community
and and for us it's it's chip it's
dreamers it's kids really and and and I
think I hope there is some consensus
forming with Republicans to do the right
thing here okay and let's talk about
FISA for a second so what's your take on
the the request for warrantless
wiretapping and where does it stand in
Congress now
I don't know what will happen tomorrow I
don't think I can support the proposal
on the table that would essentially
allow the federal government to search
your communications without a warrant
and you know there's there's a great
apocryphal quote that those who would
sacrifice some Liberty for security
should enjoy neither from Benjamin
Franklin and I think we're at a perfect
moment to test this and really see who
we are again as with some of these other
issues we've already already talked
about I think there's a broad coalition
of Republicans and Democrats who are on
the same page on this one and want to
make sure that there are greater
constitutional safeguards for US
citizens and that we don't have
warrantless searches on their private
communications well I don't know that's
a issue that crosses partisan lines so I
have no idea which way the vote would go
because there's some libertarian
Republicans who would join you and say
no we shouldn't have warrantless
wiretapping perhaps they've even read
the Fourth Amendment but but there's a
ton of Democrats like Dianne Feinstein
who love warrantless wiretapping and so
you have a sense of the count there as
to which bipartisan teams gonna win the
one that's read the fourth amendment or
the one that hasn't right I don't know
and I'm like you you know a little bit
unclear on how this is gonna come out
when you look at it from the committee
breakdown you see the Intel committee by
and large supportive of this you see the
judiciary committee which I would think
is perhaps a little bit more comfortable
with the Constitution or a little more
familiar with it being opposed to it
democratically argument building to stop
this effort and then come back to the
table and see if we can't find some
consensus around protecting individual
liberties specifically the Fourth
Amendment against unreasonable search
and seizure something that we who live
on the border are very familiar with
where we live under basically suppressed
constitutional protections where I can
be searched in my community because I'm
considered part of the border and I want
to make sure that we don't undermine and
other Americans privacy protections in
our constitutional safeguards so hope
very much to be able to carry the day
and I'm working as hard as I can with
Republicans and Democrats alike to make
this case so let's stay with the border
because I want to ask you two things one
related to the DREAM Act you talked
about and one related to your campaign
so on the DREAM Act it seems like
everybody in the press is saying that
the trade is for some sort of border
security so if if Trump are the
Republicans are to give the Democrats
the DREAM Act and actually protect
incredibly productive members of our
society in return for those hostages
they'd like more in border security it's
one thing to have more staff for example
but I do they mean a wall with the
Democrats vote for Trump's wall I sure
hope not and as one of the members who
represents the border at the place where
it meets Sudan Juarez El Paso and what
is forming one of the largest binational
communities anywhere in the world I'm
gonna give them our perspective we are
one of it not these safest cities in
America not in spite of that argue
because of our connection with Mexico
because of the fact that we're a
community of immigrants and check this
out
so you have some of the most
conservative editorial pages in Texas
saying the same thing the Fort Worth
star-telegram today saying don't use
dreamers as bait for a wall the Corpus
Christi caller Times saying who's this
or Roarke guy he says he's a Democrat
Democrat but he's against big government
coming in and taking Texans private
property to build a wall on their
ranches their farms their homesteads we
were just on the border where we saw
that DHS Department Homeland Security is
already putting the stakes in for a wall
at a place it's literally one mile
physically away from the international
border taking all of that property away
from private property owners this is an
issue on we those of us who understand
the border know that we don't need a
wall can absolutely win across geography
across party lines so for my sake I'm
gonna try to bring as many people as I
can over to my side on this we
absolutely cannot
compromise ourselves by compromising on
a wall in order to protect 800,000
dreamers and ensure that they can stay
in this country and real quick we just
met with a group of dreamers who stopped
me as I was leaving the Capitol on the
steps and they said you know Ida and
MOSFET though do not deport our parents
the original dreamers as part of this so
no militarization no military-style
roundups
of immigrants in our communities no wall
just do the right thing the DREAM Act
which has bipartisan support it would
pass if dropped on the floor today okay
so this is why it's important to have
more progressives in Congress because on
close issues like FISA and and the
dreamer issue and what kind of deal
you're gonna get not just whether you're
gonna get a deal but what kind of deal
so better o'rourke obviously in in in
the house now and vying to get into the
Senate running yes Ted Cruz will have
the links to his websites donations
volunteers the center in the description
box below if you're watching on YouTube
and in the comment section on Facebook
so let's start the campaign I you know
you talked about the border a lot in
your campaign the issue you just brought
up about taking private land I'm sure
that you and I have a different take on
this but my take was honestly of great
amusement as I saw Trump voters going
what I didn't know who's gonna build a
wall through my land you're probably not
amused by that but like where did they
think they were gonna build a wall and
so has that turned a lot of
conservatives in Texas against this idea
in general and maybe against Trump
overall I think sort or at least you're
beginning to see that and that's my
takeaway from having spent the last
three days on the border in McAllen and
San Benito and Falfurrias in Loretto
talking to Democrats and Republicans
alike who may have liked the rhetoric
from Trump he's gonna drain that swamp
he he's asked absolutely asking some of
the right questions Trump is about the
concentration of wealth and power and
privilege in the corruption of our
democracy but his answers are absolutely
the wrong ones and I think that's
hitting home for Texans who are about to
literally lose homes ranches and farms
we own more
of the us-mexico border than than any
other state and most of that is in the
hands of private property owners and
it's not just on the border I'm finding
when I go to places like King County
which I believe is the reddest County
not just in Texas but the country
I think the Democrat at the top of the
ballot last election got all of one vote
those folks are concerned about these
issues as well I don't know that they're
gonna support me but I showed up to King
County to listen to them
Booker Texas is far north in the
Panhandle as you can get I believe they
just deported the salutatorian from
Booker high school and that community
overwhelmingly Republican gets how
stupid that is everything they've
invested in that kid just as it was
about to pay dividends in whatever he
was going to create in Booker Texas is
lost to them and if against the odds
have not known the language not having
family not having connections in his
country of origin if he's still
successful that success benefits that
place not Booker not Texas not the
country this is one where we win where
we stay true to who we are and those
dreamers I just met with are so
amazingly heroic they said look bet
though stand up for the DREAM Act and
don't compromise even though that means
it would be our safety in our security
if you were to compromise to get a wall
or you compromise and you have more
deportations don't do it for us we'd
rather hang out and wait till we can get
everybody secure or at least prevent
some of the worst abuses that they're
proposing right now so I'm encouraged
and mainly by those who are out there
saying and doing the right thing not
necessarily all the time by my
colleagues but by my fellow Texans so
we're gonna make the most of it and I'm
very hopeful and we'll work with
everything I've got to to ensure that we
get to the right place on this one okay
one last quick thing here you introduced
the note pack Act so you don't take any
corporate PAC money and if Trump wanted
to drain the swamp I imagine that he
would encourage all the Republicans
enjoying the no PAC Act has he and have
any Republicans joined I I have not had
a single Republican join me there was
one Republican elected last cycle I
believe without any PAC help and
poached him he was not interested in
enjoining so rope Cana a very good
friend who helped come up with this idea
we introduced it together he and I I
think tulsi gabbard there are a few
others who've joined us the way to do
this in my opinion is to win Texas it'll
be the first time in 30 years a Democrat
has won that state folks will come back
to find out how we did it and one of
their takeaways is this guy out raised
the sitting jr. US senator who's the
poster senator for four PAC money who
has a national fundraising base from
running for president for four years and
and they out raised them the average
contribution online was twenty-five
bucks and and they won and so we've got
to walk the talk win one of these races
and then de facto that becomes the
condition of the pond which voters give
their support to other candidates other
current office holders I think that's
the way to do it all right bet O'Rourke
running against Ted Cruz and currently
representing the 16th district of Texas
in the United States Congress thank you
for joining us at rebel headquarters
thank you
