this is a circus Thank You chairman
Grassley and ranking ranking member
Feinstein members of the committee I am
here because I believe it is my civic
duty remember what happened the night
before a part of what happened that's
you're asking about yeah blackout I
don't know have you is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problem if you take anything
away from yesterday's hearing tape this
only one party is off of the luxury of
being angry and that's the men what do
you like the text one is Sarah what are
you on the one hand you had dr. Blasi
formed calmly outlining the horror of
her alleged abuse to the best of her
memory doing so amidst an abundance of
thank yous saris and pardons for taking
up the Senate's time I've had to relive
this drama in front of the world and all
it took was one glance at Twitter during
this and you saw a woman all across the
world Nord their head than a pain filled
recognition there were countless
instances where Ford could have wavered
from societal protocol that expects
woman to be polite and courteous but she
did it she remained calm and composed
even apologizing to the committee and
asking them if her break times comported
with Senator Grassley's needs because he
doesn't think she didn't have the luxury
of her counterparts any sign of anger
towards the majority white male sitting
across from her grilling her on every
aspect of an extraordinarily painful
experience would have allowed her
critics to pivot the narrative towards
their emotional woman attacks men both
that has long too often been the norm
and then there's Cavanaugh coming in
hotter than Lindsey Graham's phone line
shouting over questions from Democratic
senators repeatedly interrupting to
remind the world of his stellar high
school record and then was ascending
here without some misogyny right when
pressed on his past drinking by a female
senator klobuchar he instead of
responding to the question turned the
question on her several times if I was
in his courtroom and acted like that he
would have thrown me out now just for a
split second take your hands off the
keyboard and ask yourself an honest
question if these roles were reversed if
dr. Ford constantly interrupted while
becoming angry and emotional in her
attempts to defend
allegations would she have been
celebrated as a brave victim the way
Cavanaugh was when defender said he was
under assault from crazed feminists or
would she be deemed hysterical and too
emotional to be taken seriously goats in
any workplace in any environment and you
will find this double standard from the
tennis courts to the Senate you can even
look at the response to Lindsey Graham's
unhinged defense of Cavanaugh compelled
to Kamala Harris while Graham the guy
who voted against the Violence Against
Women Act was celebrated as some
champion of men a brave Patriot kamla
Harris was called disrespectful smug and
arrogant again proving that woman
especially when discussing issues of
sexual assault
I'm not offered the same luxury as men
their passion or emotion will be turned
against them to undermine any validity
of their point not once not once the
doctor fought interrupts not once did
she disrespect those Republican senators
as she responded calmly to questions
intended to expose her as a partisan or
a liar if you watch this long and
undoubtedly painful hearing for both
parties and weren't struck by this
double standard then you my friend you
are either willfully ignorant or so all
we have your interviewing you're you're
doing it senator
I'm started in a rough but you're doing
it no you're just ignorant if dr. Ford's
comportment had even remotely mihrab
Cavanaugh's she would have been
scrutinized and her name Smith even more
so than it already has been it proves
that we still have a long way to go
before we approach these sensitive
issues with anything like gender
equality that will only happen when all
parties involved in incidents of sexual
trauma are afforded the same luxury to
express fully how an awful situation has
affected them if you want to interact
with me on this come up to my Instagram
Francis M Maxwell you can become a TI
team member CIT network comm slash join
never miss tamela breakdown video by
ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT today
download our TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join
