Donald Trump has called himself a very
stable genius and now one congressman
wants him to put his gigantic brain
where his mouth is is a representative
Brendan Boyle who is introducing the
stable genius Act this Act would require
all presidential candidates to file an
FEC report a quote certifying but he or
she has undergone medical examination by
the medical office under the
jurisdiction of the Secretary of the
Navy so if you want to run and
presumably if this passes gonna happen
but if it did he would have to certify
that he has been checked out and then he
is as stable as he says he is so I like
the specificity of it because when I saw
the headline I wasn't sure how you're
gonna do that like are you gonna pick a
random psychiatrist are you gonna trust
to his doctor Donald Trump's doctor yeah
well then there's that and you remember
that hilarious note that the doctor
wrote and doctors so wacky you it's not
outside the bounds of imagination that
he might have written it but then we saw
a story later that said the Trump pulled
up in a limo sent a note upstairs the
doctor signed it and sent it back down
and the note said he's in the best
physical shape of anyone who has ever
run for president she I wonder who wrote
that I can't quite tell who speaks like
that yeah perhaps a very stable genius
he's a better shape than that slob
Kennedy and then I was thinking yeah and
then I was thinking who else could be
the psychiatrist who would determinate
well there is Fox News medical a-team I
mean maybe a blow yeah Keith Ablow he
could maybe you know he could take a
shot at it and he's a body language
expert thanks you can see a Democrat and
go oh the Democrat went like this which
obviously means that they're perverted
freak pedophiles I think he should go on
Oprah and they should get dr. Phil in to
talk to him
so not kidding aside I don't know that
I'm happy with this precedent because
then we're sending everybody to some
doctor at the Navy of course are they
mentally stable enough that's a weird
last check and the president and look
let's be honest with ourselves the
country kind of voted for Donald Trump
so
maybe we all ought to have our head
examined yeah I think before you should
be allowed to vote you have to go to the
Secretary of the Navy but yeah obviously
I mean look I I would guess that if you
were to sit Brendan Boyle down and talk
about this he would say the chances of
passing are low but let's talk about his
explanation for at the very least now
this came about if you haven't been been
following the news lately as a result of
this tweet actually throughout my life
my two greatest assets have been mental
stability and being like really smart
they talked to the Hillary we actually I
don't know why we don't have the next
one but in the next one he says not just
a genius but a very stable genius at
that he calls himself
wasn't on the show when you guys did it
I every day my Tube live about it but I
just there's two things I can't
emphasize enough he wrote like really
smart it's one thing to say I'm like
really smart which is incredibly dumb to
begin with but to write down comma like
comma really smart is amazing
but maybe out done and and every choice
by a very stable genius and that is a
bizarre thing and somebody had a great
tweet about it I'm gonna do a quick
aside here imagine a guy sits next to
you at a bar and goofs hi I'm very
stable genius anyway but I do actually
the worst of it is actually throughout
my life my two greatest assets have been
mental stability and being language how
is that an asset how is that like that's
the bare minimum gasps mental stability
if that's one of your two greatest
assets is the bare minimum do my one of
my two greatest assets is that I'm not
in a loony bin I've never been checked
into an insane asylum and that's one of
my great assets one of my great assets
is that my body has the ability to take
in oxygen process it and emit carbon
dioxide yeah one of my great assets is
I've never exploded never physically
exploded no never never
plus I'm like really smart keeping it
together yes okay so I just want to give
Brendan Boyle a chance to defend the
bill this is how he described it before
voting for the highest office in the
land
Americans have a right to know whether
an individual has the physical and
mental fitness to serve as president the
President believes he's a stable genius
I do not president Trump's reckless
erratic behavior has exposed a critical
flaw in our existing election process
while it is necessary to take the
current president's concerning behavior
seriously and I support legislation to
address these ongoing concerns I believe
we must also be proactive and do all we
can to ensure a situation like this does
not arise again and as we have hinted at
obviously I don't actually support this
sort of thing it sounds like that could
go awry really fast but where I disagree
with him or I guess agree but dispute
the conclusion is in that first part he
says before voting for the highest
office in the land Americans have a
right to know whether an individual has
the physical and mental fitness to serve
as president the implication being that
we did not know with Trump but that is
incorrect we knew with Trump that he was
not mentally fit to be President people
just voted for him anyway not as many as
voted for his competitor necessarily but
they still voted for him and and
remember that if you had to go to the
Secretary of the Navy's office and go to
a psychiatrist there they would have
also picked up Hillary Clinton's
aneurysm maybe they could have treated
it in time okay
or perhaps it didn't exist all right
well it's a fun effort by congressman
Boyle ultimately we vote no but but it
is putting the fun aside for one quick
second no to end on a somber note which
is always the way to go
look the guy in office is deeply deeply
unstable and and this couldn't have
helped and this is not a good idea but
it's the current state of affairs I mean
we have a guy in office who screams out
unstable I'm very stable I'm like really
smart I like a stable G like that's
lunatics do that literally like you like
homeless people who have lost their
minds like you know you're like oh man
we should get him help right now like
that is that's so outside of know do you
know anyone in your personal life that
has ever said I'm a very stable genius
like walk into a room and go now one of
my greatest assets is mental stability
like how much how would you be freaked
out if a cold war
said that a fellow student you know I
don't know does this guy have a gun I
don't know I you would be concerned
right he's the president if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks Oh every day
