while the immigration reform debate is
once again getting started as a result
of yesterday's a bipartisan meeting with
Donald Trump in the background last
night a ruling on a daca focused court
case just threw a big wrench in the
works and as a result of this ruling
most important part is that Trump's
decision to end the program has been
temporarily blocked which is certainly
gonna piss him off now let's talk about
what actually happens you have William
Alsip u.s. district judge said that
lawyers in favor of daca clearly
demonstrated that the young immigrants
in question in this were likely to
suffer serious irreparable harm without
court action the judge also said the
lawyers have a strong chance of
succeeding at trial and it's weird so
the judge says they're gonna suffer
serious irreparable harm if they lose
their legal protected status and are
sent out of the country but just
yesterday a new Senate candidate Joe
Arpaio says you just send them back for
six months a year they'll get a
temporary job who could be against that
but to be fair he also said it sounds
stupid he seemed to acknowledge that but
thankfully now at the very least it is
being temporarily blocked so just a
little bit more from the judge's ruling
doctor covers a class of immigrants
whose presence seemingly all agree posed
the least if any threat and allows them
to sign up for honest labor on the
condition of continued good behavior
this has become an important program for
daca recipients and their families for
the employers who hire them for tax
Treasuries and for our economy and so
that's you have on the one hand the
blocking of the Trump decision and then
the reasonable response from our
president it just shows everybody how
broken and unfair our court system
capitalized is when the opposing side in
a case such as daca always runs to the
ninth circuit and almost always wins
before being reversed by higher courts
that's actually one of his least
offensive tweets yeah yeah I get what
he's saying there I just love a capital
C capital S courts this no there's
another thing I like in there but to be
down to be fair to Donald Trump a lot of
times progressives do file the ninth
circuit which is more progressive and
they do often win there and do often get
reverses the Supreme Court so and they
have not adjudicated the whole case here
yet yeah he's just saying whoa whoa
don't set him out of the country because
irreparable damage first let's figure
out if we're gonna send them outside the
country then take action yeah that's
hard to dispute but I do wanna create
something that we did here can I get a
picture of the judge again with the
amounts of this of first graphic you
guys showed because we want to be as
fair and honest as possible fake news
that's obviously bill press alright bill
press and the TYT Network check about
yeah okay no that's that's actually but
I didn't want to talk a little bit more
so this is going on as I said in the
context of this meeting that just
happened yesterday between Democrats
Republicans and Donald Trump which we we
talked about live on the show yesterday
and I think it's very bizarre that
Donald Trump is both giving himself but
also just getting a ton of credit for
starting a bipartisan conversation about
saving daca when we would not be having
this conversation we wouldn't need to
have this conversation if he hadn't
unilaterally decided to kill the program
in the first place then waited months
until we are just about to run at a time
and then says maybe we can do it but to
do it you'll also have to waste 18
billion dollars on a gigantic middle
finger along our southern border to
Mexico so he deserves zero credit for
how this is actually playing out I think
the media in this case is being way too
eager to give credit to the president
something I refuse to do if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
