so Oprah gave the speech the Golden
Globes is a great speech everybody's
excited then her partner said oh you
know should I ride for 2020 so then
everybody is abuzz with talk about
whether she can take it on Donald Trump
so what happens next they do a poll on
it Rasmussen a Rasmussen is very
conservative and oftentimes their
numbers are out of whack with the other
polls and are more in favor of
conservatives so keep that in mind as
you said so that sounds like Trump is
winning know even in rasmus's poll Oprah
is beating him with a stick 48% for
Oprah 38% for Trump 14 percent undecided
even 22 percent of Republicans said they
would vote for Oprah over Trump okay so
look am I in favor of Oprah running no I
don't need any more celebrities sure it
would be fun then we'd have talk show
host on talk show host crime I guess and
but I don't want Oprah getting mired in
the muck and I and I would if Bernie
runs but like no no no no look there's a
guy look I don't know Bernie Sanders is
gonna run but if he does it's not a
contest
he already has over 80 percent of
Democrats support he so and besides
which I want a real progressive someone
who's been in the fight all this time in
nothing against Oprah she's a perfectly
lovely person seems to have all the
right you know perspectives but we
really don't know much about her in
terms of I mean what does she want the
tax rates to be are you sure you know I
don't know okay I'm not getting at her
okay that was a great speech and I'm
thrilled about it but let's get someone
on our side that isn't a talk-show host
president complicate company included
right let's go let's go I mean at least
we do a show about politics she did a
show about empowerment that's good right
Trump did a show about apprentices let's
get serious let's get a someone who's
been fighting for progressives for a
long long time in that battlefield but
either way I mean as usual Trump gets
embarrassed but I guess that's not news
thing is
we're thinking about 2020 with a talk
show host host versus the reality TV
show guys so now the setup is let's just
get people we've heard of before enough
and who cares about anything else it's
we're learning the wrong lessons like in
this lesson and not that she's horrible
we're learning the lesson of a let's
just do something off the wall we never
thought it before without any other
context to it because we attack her and
I don't think the Democratic voters are
gonna go in that direction I think that
the media is more interested in Oprah
than Democratic voters because I think
Democratic voters are way more serious
than Republican voters voters are like
who cares I I don't like these guys
anyway oh look it's an act of Ronald
Reagan yay it's a reality show host
Donald Trump I'm at the circus I was
looking for elephants anyway right
whereas Democrats I would be very
surprised if they went for the rock or
Oprah when there's when there's some
serious folks in the race now if there
is no real champion of progresses that
it's an open race and it's a different
question
but I don't see Bernie enthusiasts being
wooed by a television host I just I
would be surprised if you liked this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
