so Donald Trump's on the warpath about
the Russia investigation what's new so
recently some the testimony of the
person who commissioned the famous
dossier against Donald Trump where they
alleged significant ties to Russians and
and apparently interesting sexual habits
of Donald Trump but to me that is
actually not that interesting what's
much more interesting as the financial
connections anyway he's he's mad about
that that some of the testimony has been
released he's mad that the investigation
continues he's mad that Muller is now
looking to question him specifically and
personally so he puts out a tweet the
single greatest witch hunt in American
history continues there was no collusion
everybody including the Dems no there
was no collusion and yet on and on it
goes Russia and the world is laughing at
the stupidity they are witnessing
Republicans should finally take control
now okay look the beginning part of that
is standard fare and an Insider leaked
to one of the papers saying that Donald
Trump was really proud when he came up
with the phrase witch-hunt he thought
like ruin their investigation I'll just
call it a witch-hunt and just it's a
very very immature childish reaction as
usual anyway so but we know that he's
been saying that for a long time the
last parts the part that's important
Republicans should finally take control
but in our system of government that's
not how it works
so if the FBI or a special counsel is
investigating someone you politicians
cannot get involved and say hey don't
worry about the rule of law don't worry
about if he violated any of the laws
don't worry about the Justice Department
that's not what we're gonna do we're
just gonna end the investigation on
political routes we're gonna take
control now that's obviously a terrible
idea it's not what America stands for
but Trump doesn't know and doesn't care
what America stands for he's never
believed in this country so now it's
okay they're gonna ask Chuck Grassley
he's the head of the committee that's
looking into this in the Senate and he's
a Republican deeply conservative
Republican and so they're gonna ask
do you want to take control get a load
of his answer he the president said that
you should take until Republican to take
control of the investigation in light of
the release of his transcript
are you losing control of this
investigation and should you regain
control I don't know what the president
has in mind and and I don't think a
better comment until I have a discussion
with the President on that point I don't
intend to have a discussion with the
President on that point and I hope he
doesn't call me and tell me the same
thing that you said he said and I hope
he doesn't call me to tell me the thing
that you said he said why because it
would be terribly inappropriate for the
president to call the Judiciary Chairman
in the Senate and go hey can you stop a
legal investigation I mean can you help
me obstruct justice because then
Grassley would have to say no plus now I
have to report you to the FBI you
knucklehead that's obstruction of
justice so that's what he's saying oh
I've got you you saw when he first heard
the court he did a little eye movement
like don't call me whatever you do truck
don't call me man I don't need to go to
prison
next whew so no Republicans are not
suppose to take control politicians on a
supposed take control of a legal
investigation
it is the 28th time approximately that's
a hyperbole but not much that Donald
Trump has done obstruction of justice in
plained a site every planed a site but
that's not a word
plain view and open what is the broad
daylight okay if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
