a teacher in Louisiana was forcefully
removed from a school board meeting and
then promptly arrested and sent off to
jail because she had the audacity to
question a $38,000 raise that the
superintendent was getting while the
teachers in the school district haven't
received a raise in years
Dasia Hargrave is her name and we are
about to show you some excellent
reporting from ka TC a local station in
Louisiana now this is a the the the area
or the school district I should say is
known as the Vermilion Parish school
system and the superintendent told ka TC
Monday night that he called to ensure
that police knew the system the school
system was not pressing charges against
her but she was booked anyway now during
this meeting of the school board members
they were discussing whether or not they
were going to give the superintendent
arrays and whether or not they were
gonna renew his contract they did decide
to renew his contract it's a three year
contract and they did decide to give him
the $38,000 raise now the teachers were
not supposed to ask any questions but
the point was for people to be able to
give public comment on this situation
because this is a use of taxpayer money
and people should be able to voice their
opinions well apparently they didn't
like her opinion and she got arrested
take a look at this video from k-8 ec
teacher deja Hargraves spoke up during
public comments her issue the
superintendent's new contract a
superintendent or any person
in a position of leadership in an Indian
type of race I feel like if I'm going to
face all the teachers cafeteria ones of
any other support staff we have she
received a warning it was public comment
only not a question-and-answer session
although board officials were answering
her questions after being called on a
second time that's when a city marshal
stepped in Hargrave left the meeting but
in the hallway Margrave has good reason
to be upset at the pay disparity here
because if you take a look at this chart
graphic 51 you'll see the maximum amount
that teachers in the school district can
get paid so if you are an educator with
a PhD the absolute maximum you can make
is fifty eight thousand eight hundred
sixty one dollars now it's not a small
amount of money but it's still the
maximum that you can make in the school
district and again teachers haven't
gotten a raise for years and so they're
frustrated at this situation but if you
look at the superintendent as I
mentioned he got a $38,000 raise his
salary increased from one hundred ten
thousand one hundred ninety dollars to
140 thousand one hundred eighty eight
dollars
Wow amazing yeah that's a nice little
boost there I mean that video I think
especially like for people who watch the
show a lot we see especially that the
Town Hall stuff like that video is
America like a regular person stands up
says hey this seems kind of effed up but
like someone who's already doing way
better than that suddenly gets us huge
influx of money and we're suffering here
and so you send in the authorities and
they dragged him out forcefully drag a
schoolteacher and
Louisiana out like that they're not
pressing charges the school district
yeah but they also did that now the
issue seems to be who it was that
instructed the marshal to go over there
yeah the marshal acting on his own but I
don't think it looked like he was acting
on his own so I did a little digging to
learn a little bit about the school
board and the person who ordered the the
marshal to take her out was Anthony
Fontana he is the head of the school
board he happens to be as far as I can
see the only registered Republican on
the school board he was in the video he
was in the video you can see him give
the nod like get rid of her and you're
right in that we don't know whether or
not the arrest happened because the
marshal decided to do it or if there was
a member of the school board who told
him to do it
but the superintendent does not want to
press charges school district doesn't
she didn't do anything wrong
oh she asked a question which by the way
is an incredibly legitimate question hey
that's taxpayer money and B when are we
going to look out for the educators here
who oftentimes have to spend money out
of their own pocket to provide supplies
for their students when are we going to
value those teachers you know I won't
say it's two hundred thousand a year
then we'll start to value them okay you
still got a couple more bumps to come
and you're right John the reason why
this story stood out to me so much aside
from the fact that it has to do with
education which I care about a lot is
it's it's a microcosm of what's
happening in this entire country right
now where you're not even able to
question why the system is rigged
against you economically you're not even
allowed to call out those in positions
of power without worrying about
retaliation we're supposed to live in a
country that values freedom of speech
that values being able to you know speak
the truth and and and fight for what you
think is right and and we're seeing that
get violated left and right all the time
while we're distracted by nonsense you
know you wanna talk about free speech
issues free speech issues sure happen on
college campuses where conservatives
want to provoke protests but more
importantly they happen in situations
like this where the powerless
continuously get crushed for no reason
at all that's why those right-wingers
are going to be doing videos
about this oh sure I'm sure they're very
concerned about I think that school bird
does care about freedom of speech and
they know that money is speech they just
wanted to give him a lot of speech like
38,000 speeches more each year and and
the idea that this was just a comments
this is to air your comments but no
questions what did they want her to
stand up and clap to face yeah yeah he
did actually I mean that that wouldn't
have gotten her escorted and then later
arrested they threw her in jail she had
to post bond I mean the thing is to like
so obviously just just what you saw
there terrible but imagine if you're
that woman
he comes up he starts to push you down
if you pay attention to the news you've
seen that go way worse than any number
of times over the past few years where
she ends up with a terrible injury ends
up dead potentially like that sort of
thing happens off of absolutely nothing
seemingly on a weekly or monthly basis
in this country you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
