Rick Perry is still the Secretary of
Energy and although he hasn't been
making news a lot he has actually had a
plan that has been ongoing over the
course of the past year Rick Perry and
Donald Trump have this plan to do
effectively a bailout for some of the
dirtiest energy currently being used in
the US and so last year he issued a
notice of proposed rulemaking that would
effect the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission and what this did was issue a
rule ensuring full cost recovery for
power plants with a 90 days supply of
fuel on hand so obviously what kind of
power plants have a 90 day of supply of
fuel on hand probably not the solar or
wind type because that's not how it
works
it's the ones who can stockpile nuclear
material coal and things of that sort
perhaps that natural gas as well and so
the idea there is we're worried that
these industries might be going down and
so we're going to just throw government
money at them which doesn't exactly
sound like the sort of thing you'd
expect out of a Conservative government
where they'd be choosing clear winners
and losers in a marketplace like energy
but that's what they were doing and so
there's this Regulatory Commission they
had to look at this plan the lone
Democrat that Trump actually put on it
Richard Glick characterized the proposal
as a quote multi billion dollar bailout
targeted at coal and nuclear which seems
fair enough to me but they had an
argument for why they needed to do this
and it was twofold subsidies for
renewable energy are driving coal and
nuclear plants out of business because
yeah that's where all the subsidies are
going and the loss of those plants is
hurting the reliability and resilience
of the electric grid so two points on
the first one I would say good bye
Felisha
when it comes to the coal plants the
nucleons that's the entire point if it's
driving them out of business if they're
being replaced by solar and wind and
other clean renewable forms of energy
mission accomplished flat land on the
aircraft carrier okay that's the point
but they find it to be a bad thing isn't
that supposed to be how the free market
works right yeah it looks like I mean
there's they're trying to pitch it as
they're driving them out because of
subsidies but we know the worst
subsidies are going they're going to oil
they're going to nuclear now in any
event so they also have the other part
they're saying well we can't allow them
to
a business because we need a certain
level of reliability of the electrical
grid and if conservatives have one
belief about renewable energy it's that
you can't rely on the Sun or the wind
personally I think the sun's pretty
reliable I have occasionally been and
whether it rise in the morning it seems
to every day but they think you need
coal and nuclear but unfortunately for
them there was an analysis of how
different forms of energy different
sorts of power plants are or are not
reliable they want you to believe :
nuclear or the way to go but you will
you just bet on coal but that's not the
way that the actual analysis worked out
in that it was said : nuclear generators
face resilience challenges of their own
as has been well-documented many coal
and nuclear plants with significant
on-site fuel supplies have failed to
function during extreme weather events
because those fuel supplies froze
flooded or other otherwise unavailable
we saw that in Texas actually just a few
months ago in fact initial reports
indicate that coal-fired facilities
accounted for nearly half of all forced
outages in PJM that's 13 states
basically along the east coast during
last year's period of extreme
temperatures and they have similar
things for nuclear as well and so if you
were actually worried about the
resiliency and reliability of the energy
grid you would not be going with
something with a demonstrated track
record of not holding up when you need
it most which it would be cold and in
some cases nuclear and those times
that's when you need reliable and this
is unreliable and this is coming from
the same people and Rick Perry his whole
life you know was talked about as a
governor of free market free market just
as you were saying this isn't the free
market and these are people have been
opponents to or of affirmative action in
all its forms and this is affirmative
action for coal and nuclear and now they
like it because we know who lines their
pockets and we know that this president
ran and said in front of multiple
audiences I'm big on coal I'm a coal guy
and this was him trying to get it but it
turns out thank goodness for regulatory
commissions because even though he
appointed them they said well this is
ridiculous and it's more of an affront
to rick perry than it is to the
president yeah I don't want anyone to
forget how dumb rick perry is and i
don't say that simply to insult him I
say that in referee
to this story because there was another
argument that he made a case for why you
know we need to boost : and nuclear
he argued that solar power and wind
power puts national security in jeopardy
he but yeah but how because climate
change certainly puts national security
in jeopardy that's one of the leading
concerns when it comes to national
security
how does renewable energy equal national
security concerns I don't understand
there was that one Town Council I don't
remember which say it was in but we
reported on it that was said they were
worried that if solar power became too
common it could drain the Sun of its
energy and we need the Sun undrained I
looked into it it's a risk we can take I
think but anyway the reason we wanted to
cover this of course is because this is
good news in this case thankfully this
regulatory board which was staffed by
Trump people did the right thing god
only knows how long this this decision
will last perhaps this idea to do this
bailout will come back but lurking in
the background is other good news as
we've pointed out multiple times on the
show
market forces are making it so that
renewable energy will become more common
because despite the the attempts by the
right-wing to renew coal and all that or
imply that you could renew coal which
very few people believe is going to
happen solar energy is becoming a
year-by-year far cheaper battery
capacity which allows renewable forms of
energy like wind and solar to become
more reliable by storing tons of energy
during periods of peak activity and then
using it when Sun and wind are at that
lower levels
that's just becoming through
technological advancement better and
better and cheaper and cheaper in a way
that coal and oil cannot match so that's
the good news for today if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
