one of the priorities for both Donald
Trump and the Republicans going to this
immigration push is border security for
some of them it might just mean wasting
ten plus billion dollars on I know the
ventually we just gonna have mech suits
patrolling the border like every
president it's we hire five hundred
thousand more people we throw more money
into it and it doesn't solve the problem
because it's not really related to the
problem the problem has to do with
international labor markets and the
ability of people in the u.s. to hire
people who are undocumented as long as
they're able to do that which they can
and want to do it which they do they're
gonna continue to do it but we're gonna
waste money in one of several forms
Trump obviously wants the wall so here
we have a representative talking about
the actual facts of whether a wall would
stop illegal immigration which are gonna
see in this clip the wall itself mr.
president we talk to your Border Patrol
chief or the former Border Patrol chiefs
I've asked them how much time does a
wall by you they'll say a couple of
minutes or a few seconds and this is our
own Border Patrol chiefs that have said
that what happened with an example I
think we should be patterning ourselves
after that
yeah it's here's why he wants the wall
because he said it once and the crowd
liked it and because he is a
simple-minded person thinks oh it's a
wall you can't physically walk through a
wall so case closed but it's got to be a
transparent wall as well yeah lately
it's been a transparent wall sometimes
it's a virtual wall I don't think
anybody knows because certainly he
doesn't but yeah as representative
fueler I think was they are thank you
know you can you can you can go over a
wall you can dig under a wall a lot of
places can't have a wall that's the
problem with walls but okay they're
still planning on spending some of the
18 billion dollars under it so doesn't
solve the issue of people overstaying
their visas I mean like it's just it's
such a childish way of approaching a
complicated issue that look I agree I
want border security right but but I
want it to be smart I don't want to
throw tens of billions of dollars
towards something that will
be ineffective but it's also why smart
people like like Cuellar like like
Feinstein like Durbin who are sitting
there I think they understand the
politics of this lets you know the wall
makes no sense but if we're if he's
we're willing to call it border security
he's willing to buy it
let's get daca and then let's play with
the wall later and and I think that's
kind of the approach the Democrats are
taking here well they'd like it but are
they gonna be able to do that we don't
know but if they're if the president is
saying daca and then border security
then it seems possible if Democrats if
smart people are buying it not just
Democrats but Republicans who either
fear it or endorse it who are also smart
then and then I think that means it's
it's out there and and possible to have
happen the unfortunate thing at least in
the medium term is that obviously the
Democrats are going into this needing to
solve this problem with daca but knowing
that they're going something else in
that bill is probably going to be
something distasteful both to them and
their constituents Donald Trump is
president so that's what we get this
wouldn't even be a problem right now
Jackie would have already been solved a
long time ago right if we didn't have
Republican leadership in the House and
Senate and Donald Trump in the White
House but get ready to be disappointed
even if they're successful and that they
have a legislative fix for daca in the
short term what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
