former sheriff and pardon convict Joe
Arpaio isn't done being in the news he
is now going to be running in the
Republican Senate primary race to fill
the seat of vacated by Jeff Flake
correct yes yes so he wants to be the
next senator from the great state of
Arizona and he's given some quotes about
some of the things he'd like to do if he
were to get into office we've been
talking about immigration will continue
to because that's one of his plans
here's what he says I have a far-out
plan which may look stupid well let's
see when they come to your attention
that they're here illegally these young
people deport them back to Mexico or
whatever and then try to put them on a
fast track to come back to the United
States legally with special permits
what's wrong with that they'd say they
don't know where their home country is
because some of them have literally
never been there or haven't been there
in 18 years so let them go there and
spend six months because it might take
that long to do paperwork to get them
here legally and let them see their home
country and see what it's really like
that would be no amnesty everybody would
be happy you deport them and then let
them come back with all their education
here I'm sure they could find a
temporary job or help the foreign
countries and build up relations and
come back that's just a big picture that
I have people may say I'm crazy what am
I crazy about it just makes sense he
opened with it may look stupid and ends
with it just makes sense those words
well one of those is right right I'll
let the audience decide so yeah these
young people that you know they don't
necessarily have any family they know
their they have no actual memories of
this place I can find a temporary job
deported for six months or a year what's
the difference who wouldn't like that he
loves attention he's 85 years old yeah
it would be the 86 year old freshman
junior senator from Arizona who
literally said that he should be elected
because they need fresh blood he needs
fresh blood to last through his first
term senators are six years long yeah
six years long anyway look I know that
people probably get really uncomfortable
when I bring up age but I don't care
eighty-five no find feinstein same
situation time to retire give someone
else she's 84 yes but you know say
around the same page look I I really
want young people to become inspired
enough to first of all go to the polls
and vote but more importantly are
just as importantly go out there and get
involved in politics run we do need
fresh blood right and and we need people
who have a new vision for the country
our pie you know is just not an example
to break the politics down here it is
sort of in a in a dollar but maybe more
interesting way than then an adjusted I
mean if the difference in Feinstein and
Arpaio would be that Feinstein at 84 is
a multi-term senator who has leadership
and there you know and the way the
seniority in the Senate works
she has greater influence than a Joe
Arpaio would have on his first day so
it's not totally fair to compare the two
of them but you do need younger people
coming in here because these are issues
that affect younger people so you talk
about immigration literally talking
about generally talking about young
people and that's where they need it
also Arizona's a tricky state right now
this is as you said Jeff Flake seat
Kelly Ward who was a Trump acolyte there
in Arizona is already running in the
primary Arpaio would challenge her and
that would bring possibly martha
mcsalley who's kind of a more mainstream
republican into the race right so she
comes in and now she looks a little
better because the other two would fight
over it and that would be done with the
more extreme the more extremes would
fight with each other and then Kristin's
cinema the Democrat would stand to gain
a lot by that the other thing and it's
morbid to talk about but they may have
another Senate election sooner rather
than later there a special election if
John McCain if his illness makes it
difficult for him to be a senator
anymore and so that so you have our
pyo's name in the Hat now for
potentially to Senate races it's absurd
and they're giving him the space and
it's killing Arizona Republicans well
let's make it a little bit more absurd
because obviously when we've talked
about one of the the issues perhaps this
is age I think for a lot of people that
will be an issue there are other issues
so if you've never heard of Joe Arpaio
you don't know anything about him let's
talk about just a few things there
Cardinal if you're pardoned for not your
pardon yeah let's see so as we said he's
a former sheriff he says the most
controversial toughest sheriff in the
country and he was tough in some ways
certainly created tough situations for
people like the many people who killed
themselves in his jails because of how
terrible the situations there were now
some were
ruled to be suicides others nearly half
of the deaths is reported by the phoenix
new times were not explained at all
nearly half of the deaths in his jails
were never explained we don't know what
happened there
let's see one woman lost her baby due to
negligence of the jail staff and then
had a guard protest when the hospital
let her see the dead child before the
funeral so she lost the baby then they
didn't want her to see it in one of his
he once framed an innocent person for an
assassination plot against him that his
team had invented for publicity so
that's out there let's see his SWAT team
once conducted a raid on a house
expecting to find a weapons cache only
they had gotten the wrong house but
that's not where it ends they burned the
house down in the process and then
forced the family's dog which was trying
to escape back into the house oh my god
where it was burned today okay there's a
lot of lighter stuff too those are some
of the standout things that Joe Arpaio
has done which might be coming to the
Senate in the near future but in terms
of the stakes you pointed out some of
the political calculations are Arizona
is a state where Trump won by four
points on that same night Arpaio lost so
if he does become the candidate this is
one of if the Democrats are going to
take control and needed a pickup
opportunity or Payoh as terrible as he
is like Roy Moore might drastically
increase the odds of getting it what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
