Disney resorts in Orlando Florida have
just announced new policy when it comes
to their do not disturb signs they are
doing away with the signs entirely and
directing their staff to enter hotel
rooms every day if they decide that
that's the right thing to do
Walt Disney World has said that they're
doing this out of safety concerns I'm
wondering if it has something to do with
the mass shooting that took place in Las
Vegas in 2017 and you know instead of
maybe changing some policies that have
to do with gun laws all of us have to
suffer by giving up more of our privacy
which is awesome would be fair dan you
can't control the gun laws no I know
like you know we get we go through TSA
have people grope us and you know do
whatever the hell they want with us we
have to take our shoes off because one
jackass decided to try to you know set
off a bomb in a shoe like so you know
our privacy and our freedom and our
Liberty and all that stuff it keeps
getting violated left and right and we
sit back and we take it where as you
know the heart of the real problem never
gets solved and that's the thing that
drives me crazy bump stocks are still
legal bump stocks are still legal okay
but anyway let me get to the details of
what's happening because it's not just
Disney that's doing this there are other
hotel chains that have made this
decision Walt Disney World has swapped
do not disturb signs with room occupied
signs at a handful of its hotels in
Orlando Florida they are allowing
housekeeping and maintenance staff to
enter the rooms on a daily basis they
will knock and announce their presence
before entering it look there is a way
this bothers me is because I don't want
anyone in my hotel room period today
period okay I don't want anyone cleaning
it I don't want anyone going in there
when I'm not in there I don't want
anyone in there while I'm in there I
don't want anyone in my room okay and
that is one of the more comforting
things being able to put that sign there
and know that no one's gonna go in there
and like look through my stuff or I know
I'm being paranoid but I just don't like
it right I just I I really appreciate
and enjoy that privacy and now that is
going to be ripped away from us because
of a mass shooting that happened in
Vegas now the orally
Hotel & Casino located on Las Vegas
Tropicana Avenue
Las Vegas is Tropicana Avenue along with
Boyd gaming's 23 other properties
nationwide changed its Do Not Disturb
policy in late October under its revised
policy a welfare check is conducted
after two consecutive days of a Do Not
Disturb sign on a room door and finally
Wynn Las Vegas also changed its Do Not
Disturb policy in October to allow staff
to check on rooms every 12 hours when
she's just trying to watch black mirror
when I'm just trying to not have a
stranger in my room I yeah I finally
awkward - I mean look I had to stay for
several weeks this year in European
hotels where the policy is different and
some guy they just they just come in
they don't care what you're doing if
you're in the shower you just come in
it's it's a weird - obviously like I
think you gave great examples of some of
the other things that because of the
shoe bomber we all have to take our
shoes off seventy seventy-five billion
shoes have now been removed because 15
years ago or so someone tried to blow up
a plane with their shoe is there any
evidence that anyone else has tried to
do that not that I know of nothing's
been prevented
we don't take off your hats maybe we
should do that just in case somebody
tries to use a hat bomb or something
like that and then think about like so
maybe they want to I want to go into the
room because this guy and Mandalay Bay
was in the room for several days so so
we're doing this on the off chance that
another person tries to use a hotel room
as the place to stage an attack and also
takes multiple days to do it the chance
that this will stop an attack seems
impossible and as I pointed on the show
before if there's one flaw to our
species it's an inability to prioritize
the things that are actually threats to
our lives like we are so focused on
trying to stop even the tiniest chance
of violence against us and then we drive
while texting which is far more likely
to kill us we shove food in our face
that is going to kill us inevitably god
we are terrible at protecting our own
lives here yeah your apps and I agree
obviously the solution to some of these
problems is banning certain types of
firearms banning bump stocks which whose
only per
this is to circumvent the law stopping
automatic fire in hand in rifles and
things like that unfortunately we have
Donald Trump and the Republicans to
charge that is not going to happen it's
not gonna happen with Democrats in
charge either because there have been
gun laws under Democratic
administrations there was an assault
weapons ban back in the 90s like exactly
and I think that they since then have
been far too weak on this but nothing
literally nothing well not nothing is
gonna happen other Republicans they will
loosen the gun laws that we have right
now look I am tired of everyone's
quality of life deteriorating because
great because we are fearful of gun
violence we are fearful of terrorist
attacks we are fearful of things that
are legitimately worth being fearful of
but instead of actually addressing the
root of these issues we go ahead and and
put a little band-aid on a gushing wound
and the baby annoying band-aid yeah yeah
and the band-aid is it's it hinders our
freedom and our quality of life I just I
want to be in a hotel room without
worrying about some person walking in
every 12 hours to make sure that I'm not
a crazed gunman you see what I'm reading
I yes I would say on the list of
freedoms we've given up that we should
not have and we shouldn't have had to I
would rank this low but it is on the
list it's just it's you know maybe it's
the straw that broke the camel's back
for me maybe but I should check on that
Campbell every 12 hours if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole young turks Oh
