the Golden Globes recently took place
and one of the more memorable aspects of
it was a speech that Oprah Winfrey gave
when she was receiving the Cecil B
deMille Award now the speech was so
incredibly powerful that some are now
thinking that maybe she is positioning
herself for a presidential run this is
not something that she has confirmed
however I has been lost in a lot of the
discussion about it right exactly that
has been the discussion about it she
hasn't said anything she hasn't said
anything but I will say that you know
from the very beginning of the Golden
Globes there there was talk of her
running for president and you know who
knows how it's all gonna play out but I
will say that I enjoyed her speech
mostly because we haven't heard a lot of
intelligent inspiring speeches lately
and so I forgot what it was like to hear
someone speak intelligently but she said
a lot of powerful things I want to give
you two highlights that stood out for me
that I absolutely loved so let's get to
it what I know for sure is that speaking
your truth is the most powerful tool we
have and I'm especially proud and
inspired by all the women who have felt
strong enough and empowered enough to
speak up and share their personal
stories now that was in reference to the
women who have come forward about you
know the sexual assault sexual
harassment and in some cases rape that
they endured in their past
she also said I've interviewed and
portrayed people who've withstood some
of the ugliest things life can throw at
you but the one quality all of them
seemed to share is an ability to
maintain hope for a brighter morning
even during our darkest nights there was
you know just a lot of positivity in
what she was saying even as she was
talking about you know some of the
persecution people have have dealt with
in the past and so yes it was powerful
absolutely loved it
she also said yeah so it was again so
inspiring and so powerful that people
are like is she gonna run for president
and her longtime boyfriend Stedman
Graham said it's up to the people she
would absolutely do it again that's not
a statement from her it's a long-time
point
friend but still yeah so look I I
watched the speech was great I really
did like it because I like I like a good
speech I'm that sort of political nerd I
guess and it was a good speech it was
positive it was about an issue that a
lot of people care about I understand
not everybody cares about this issue all
that much some people are pissed off to
see it being talked about I get that and
then you had this the social media
reaction where look some people were
super but like she's gonna be the
present she's got to be the president
and my reaction that would be this is a
little bit premature
my overall reaction is that anything
right now I don't I don't really care
because we've got like the most
important thing is stopping Donald Trump
and the Republicans from doing any more
damage to this country in advance of the
next election then the most important
thing is trying to make sure that as
many strong progressive candidates win
in an election where they are going to
be hampered by attacks from Donald Trump
and the Republicans voter suppression
gerrymandering and attempts from outside
of this country to influence the chances
of progressives winning those are the
first two things then we're gonna have
four years of talking about the next
election or two years I guess but while
some people were perhaps too excited and
I would say let us be a little bit
excited you don't need to stamp down
every bit of enthusiasm you see in the
world if you feel like it's a waste of
time to talk about Oprah being president
at the end of the day if all you're
talking about is why she shouldn't be
president that's still the same
conversation that's just a packet for
that you're now a part of and there were
a lot of people spending a lot of time
on Twitter talking about why she
shouldn't be not understanding I know
there are a lot of people spending a lot
of time on Twitter saying all sorts of
nonsense winner was created for and so I
don't I don't pay close attention to
that I don't care yes but I do care
about and this is I think the element of
the conversation that always goes
missing it drives me crazy is who is
Oprah Winfrey like we know her in regard
to her movie roles and the the people
she interviewed in her been incredibly
successful career but policy wise what
does she support I mean I know what she
has done in the past politically she's
endorsed Obama
she's endorsed Hillary she has given
quite a
you campaign contributions to cory
booker which i knew she was supportive
of him but I didn't realize how often
she contributed money to his campaigns
but policy-wise I don't know enough
about her to make a decision and that's
what bothers me I wish the conversation
centered more around you know what she
would support and what she would fight
for as opposed to oh I like Oprah you
know that was a powerful speech and so
we should vote for her powerful speeches
aren't good enough for me
I'm sure you're good enough for the
American people we had lots of powerful
speeches with campaign Obama and you
know when it came to certain policies he
did fall short and push it for things
that progressives wanted yeah as of
right now I mean I don't even really
care because she's not running for
president and we have a long time to
wait but I think I was gonna run I'm
gonna keep it real that's just noise I
mean anybody could run it look I've
already decided I've been very clear I
want the rock to be president but anyway
if it's gonna be a celebrity why not the
rock come on what if aliens invade you
can take them down but yeah I just I
don't like the knee-jerk need to take
every bit of joy out of the world that
bothers me there's been a lot in the
past couple of years there's been a lot
of reasons to have not a lot of hope and
not a lot of positivity and a lot of the
people who are saying Oprah for
president don't even really mean it like
they don't mean it how do they just like
they wouldn't supporter based on what
her positions are and of course
everybody's gonna of course everybody's
gonna want to know what her position
something is nobody's voting without
looking into that I hope but are you
what America is known for people do
maybe for people based on policy
positions yeah me and that's devastating
I don't know I just like because I
wasn't actually watching the Golden
Globes live I didn't feel like I had to
be a part of that ridiculous back and
forth the ridiculous back and forth just
bothers me as a person that wants to
feel good very briefly and then we will
Wade back into the muck and feel like
shit for six months don't worry we're
gonna get there if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm / joy
