Rudy Giuliani tweeted Senator Lindsey
Graham distinguished himself today is
the fairest man and the best lawyer in
Washington he voted for justices
Sotomayor and Kagan on old-fashioned
principles I also did if he's going to
vote for judge Kavanagh the Senate all
should Rudy Giuliani has never been a
senator and he misspelled both their
names he spelled Lindsey Graham's name
right and I don't think anybody was
focusing on that there's some chance the
president's lawyer has lost his mind
yeah no he spelled Lindsey wrong he's
Bollinger yeah it's with an E not an a I
made that mistake yesterday actually so
I know although some people said for
consistency that yeah there's that is it
possible to do twenty-fifth amendment on
the president and his lawyer Lindsey
Graham's with an E he spelled Lindsey
Graham's name so tomorrow's wrong named
Kagan's name wrong and Giuliani was
never in the Senate
other than that nailed it they're all
crazy thanks for watching this free clip
of The Young Turks don't forget to
become a TYT member today for more
exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
