so there's one other thing that I wanted
to mention in regard to the economy that
doesn't have to do with jobs it has more
to do with the stock market because the
one thing that has done fent fabulously
well under the trump administration is
the stock market and Jake I asked you
questions about that because I've been
really trying to understand it and of
course it has to do with deregulation
stock market is very speculative and it
also has to do with deregulation Trump
has said over and over again that he
wants to deregulate deregulate and there
are Democrats that would sign on to
deregulation efforts as well so I have
no doubt in mind that deregulation will
continue throughout this presidency so
so this is clear is is day every no
question about it and and so so Trump
bragging about the job numbers well no
he didn't do as well as Obama Clinton
etc and you you know we've had that
discussion but now in terms of the stock
market it has done exceedingly well
under Trump's so if you want to give him
credit for that that's fine and by the
way about almost exactly half the
country has money in the stock market
the other half doesn't have any money in
the stock market and doesn't benefit at
all but for the half of you that do
benefit from that your 401k will go up a
little bit so fair is fair and God bless
on that you mentioned that in a tweet
yeah of course and he does and that's
fair there's nothing wrong with that
okay now the rest of the story so why is
this talk market going up so much
deregulation is a big part of it he's he
has said over and over again and this is
the one thing he has delivered on I will
give corporate America whatever they
want
I'll give multinational corporations
whatever they want and he has he said oh
you know pollution don't worry about it
I just gutted the EPA right you want to
do drilling off the coast of Miami
now you can hey the governor of Florida
who's a Republican is fighting it but
he's like oil companies all the
companies take whatever you want loot
the place and then secondarily very very
important and you could see it in in
tracking the stock market tax cuts
because my god he just cut the corporate
tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent
that's trillions and trillions of
dollars that would have gotten America
taxpayers and and and citizens etc now
has been shifted the burden has been
shifted to the taxpayers and away from
corporations so of course their stock
price is going up so and you can see
when they start talking about the tax
cuts as they see it coming the stock
market goes like this right and then it
passes and now we're still going up like
these are amazing times but that doesn't
mean they're creating more jobs this
certainly doesn't mean that they're
creating jobs with better wages no the
number one thing they're doing is and
and Republican Senator Marco Rubio
admitted it right after he voted for the
bill is that they're gonna do stock
buybacks for themselves they're gonna do
dividends and they're gonna they're
gonna take that money and mainly pass it
on some to shareholders which there's
nothing wrong with and something
executives a lot to executives so
they're thrilled of course their stock
prices are going up but when you inflate
the stock market like that and it's not
based on the actual health of their
business watch out because that means
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
a crash is coming you just watch the
video by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
