Donald Trump continues to argue against
the validity of Michael Wolf's recent
book fire and fury which was just
released early release actually and in a
recent tweet he said that he authorized
zero access to the White House actually
turned him down many times for author a
phony book I never spoke to him for book
full of lies misrepresentations and
sources that don't exist
look at this guy's past and watch what
happens to him and sloppy Steve
alright so sloppy Steve was used again
in this tweet but you know it's it's
unsurprising that he is calling into
question the validity of Michael Wolf's
book even though Steve Bannon has not
denied any of the statements that were
leaked before the release of the book
and I do want to mention that there have
been other members of the media that
have criticized Michael Wolf's reporting
in the past not that he reports false
things but that he might embellish
things or use hyperbole to tell the
stories or maybe doesn't remember
certain components of the stories
exactly the way that they happened but
so far based on what we know and what
has been reported no one has denied
anything other than Donald Trump which i
think is a pretty telling sign when you
go to the White House when you're a
reporter you go to the White House and
you're not what you don't have what's
called a hard pass where you're there
every day and you're part of the White
House you know press corps every day
part of the pool you get a temporary
pass so I will walk in I'll show my
passport and that will give me my
temporary pass that has already been
I've been pre-cleared they've already
gone through those motions that
temporary pass is gray it gets me to the
press room and and not much more than
that to some of the offices within the
press side when you go and you get a
blue pass that means you have West Wing
access it's a West Wing pass of Zeke
Miller of Time magazine and a few others
have said that whenever they saw Michael
Wolfe at the White House he had a blue
pass and you noticed that when you're
there every day because it's like huh
that guy's got a blue pass that's pretty
cool he can go into the West Wing there
is no disputing that Michael Woolf was
at the White House and Trump says he
didn't give him access
it's his White House that issued that
blue pass and so the the the
nine of what went on there is is
remarkable so I want to go to Michael
Wolfe himself because he had an
interview with the Today Show he gave
them an exclusive interview and he
responds to these accusations that he
didn't even have access to the West Wing
let's take a look did you talk to the
president did you interview him for this
but III absolutely I absolutely spoke to
the president whether he realized it was
an interview or not I don't know but it
certainly was not off the record I did
he spoke to him at the White House after
he was sworn in I spoke to him after the
inauguration yes and I had spoken to I
mean I've spent about three hours with
the president over the course of the
campaign in in the White House so my
window into Donald Trump is is pretty
significant but even more to the point I
spent this I spent and this was really
the sort of the point of the book I
spoke to people who spoke to the
president on a daily sometimes
minute-by-minute basis so this this book
was really I mean in a sense in a sense
there was one question on my mind when I
began this book what is it like to work
with Donald Trump how can you work with
Donald Trump and what is the how do you
feel having worked with Donald Trump so
let's talk about what you mentioned
there Anna in the beginning which is
some people saying sometimes Michael
Wolfe embellishes stuff he says he's
never had of the millions of words that
he's written in books and in in articles
had one fact that was had to be
corrected and so I haven't checked every
word he's ever written but okay that's a
bold statement and likely proven false
if it was false
so and no one has said that it's false
so okay likely to be true and and we say
we report that in an effort to be fair
right but it's not I don't want anybody
walking away thinking 5050 it ain't
50/50 Michael Wolf's a real reporter
that's been around for decades and and
Donald Trump is a notorious pathological
liar who
every interest in the world to lie about
this situation now having said that the
Trump team says they once talked on the
phone for seven minutes and Michael
Wolfe says in total in the campaign and
in the White House I've talked to him
for about three hours my guess is that
particular thing the quotes he can't
make up he'll be in massive trouble if
he made up two quotes and he's got audio
tape of most of it or contemporaneous
notes etc but my guess is on the number
of times he actually spoke to Trump it's
probably somewhere in the middle and I'm
not doing both side both sides do it or
trying to call it even
it's just that three hours all they
campaign the White House kind of what is
three hours I mean regulative is what he
says yeah Thank You Milly the White
House can say he only spoke to him for
seven minutes because they keep a log of
every minute of phone call he has so it
may not have been on the phone that they
spoke every time but there's a White
House log that says six minutes and 48
seconds Michael Wolfe spoke with the
president right right Michael Wolfe
could say what we saw I saw him at
mar-a-lago I saw him on the campaign
trail I was in the White House we passed
by I talked to me you know whatever
that's exactly right but I just want to
explain it's the least relevant part are
the quotes right and I want to jump in
on that point because I think that is
the most relevant part of this I don't
care how long they spoke I want to know
whether or not these quotes are valid
and I believe they are valid because
remember Trump and his lawyers sent
Michael Wolff and the publisher of his
book the cease and desist letter
threatening a lawsuit and guess what
they did they released the book early
okay and I think the reason why they did
that is because they're confident in the
validity of the contents of that book
you know he would face significant you
know legal action if there was real
defamation in there if things were
fabricated and made up and in this next
video he talks about the evidence that
he has which i think is also valuable
take a look do you have recordings of
some of these interviews and some of
these conversations well I work like
every journalists work so I have
recordings I have notes
I am certainly in absolutely in every
way comfortable with everything I've
reported in this would you release any
of those recordings since your
credibility is being questioned my
credibility is being crushed question by
a man who has less credibility than
perhaps anyone who has ever walked on
earth at this point look in regards to
that quoted it's funny but he's
absolutely right in the sense that you
know that he's absolutely right about
trumping the very last person on earth
you should trust but he's in the
ballpark no in terms of who's interested
are we looking at here
Donald Trump has all interested in the
world to say that he doesn't have
credibility I mean you should discount
that completely you should go and by the
way when Michael Wolfe says I have all
the credibility in the world you should
also discount that you should go to
neutral sources hey what is the the
totality of Michael Wolf's career what
do other journalists say about him have
people denied what he said in the book
those are the things that you look at
just saying hey you know he's questioned
your credibility yeah of course in
question did the guy buried him in the
book baby looks terrible so and and when
you look at those neutral sources and an
outside source first of all it's amazing
that no one has denied a single quote in
the book outside of Trump right that's
amazing and they work for Trump or
worked for Trump so that oh my that is
overwhelming evidence point number two
is they question is an action one of the
scenes they and named most question to
the trumpet team did because it involved
Russia it was at a dinner at Michael
Wolf's house and the late Roger Ailes
who used to run Fox News and Steve
Bannon were there and Ailes says the
Bannen I don't know why he listens to
Putin so much I don't know who's jerkin
whose chain here so that's a really
interesting for those guys to think that
even before Trump took office that was
on January 3rd and they're like oh
that's not true there's no way that's
true cuz it's about Russia
jannis men who is who helps to run
Hollywood Reporter's like I was at the
dinner it was word-for-word that's
absolutely accurate so I wanted to jump
in on another criticism that wolf has
faced and I think that it's a valid
criticism based on you know where what
you think about journalistic ethics
because Michael Wolf's got the access
that he got by being very kind and
sucking up to
a Trump and members of his
administration and he would make these
public displays of supporting Trump so
I'll give you one example he was on
brian Stelter show on CNN reliable
sources and during a live interview that
he had on that show he kind of scolded
brian Stelter for being too critical of
Trump so he knows that Trump watches
cable TV he knows that Trump was gonna
view that and see that Michael Wolfe is
kind of defending him there I mean he he
played a certain role in order to get
the access that he wanted now if that's
unethical or not I mean it's really up
to you but I it gave him what he needed
in order to get some of this content
first yeah I think it'd be too critical
to Michael Wolfe but but in all
seriousness though one second on that
and you know that Michael Wolfe didn't
mean those compliments because he now
says Donald Trump is the least credible
person on earth so when he was defending
him earlier that was obviously BS just
keeping it real
but also one thing to know about Michael
Wolfe is that his career a lot of his
writing it has been about social wealthy
New York and Donald Trump before he was
your president was part of social
wealthy New York to some degree he was
ostracized by a lot of people there but
he was the kind of shining you know be
shiny ball that would would be followed
by Michael Wolfe in his reporting as a
reporter so it goes to reason it stands
to reason that he's the kind of person
who would know how to break into the
mindset and and of Donald Trump and
that's just really good journalism the
people were criticizing it I'm guessing
are jealous abut one of the other things
you should do is you should look back to
criticism that Bob Woodward got when he
wrote a book about the White House
called I think was called shadow or
shadows and he quoted and he presumed
and he talked about well then George HW
Bush walked down onto the Truman balcony
and thought so and so well he never
talked to Bush about that but enough
people in that in in Bush's sphere said
this is what the president did he went
outside he thought I need to go down to
you know Khrushchev and say this or
really
Gorbachev and say this whatever not
Khrushchev but Gorbachev and I'm making
this up because that's just a you know
one of the possibilities of what was
said but it that's how reporting is done
to you speak to the people around him in
to jank and Anna's point nobody has
refuted it right except the president
when you any kind of book like this
these books that there's always one
person who finds it scurrilous the
person about whom it is written and that
you know if any whether it's a movie
star a rock star or the mr. Trump and
and one more thing about that there's no
way that the Trump team right now isn't
calling every single person in the book
going go out on TV and refute it go out
on TV and refute it and everybody's like
nope yeah so that's and and Bannen has
now become cocked right and so he went
out there cuz he's on the precipice of
losing his entire career and his funding
and all of that and he went on as
serious show and said no Trump was a
great man I talked about the Trump
miracle all the time but he didn't
refute any of the quotes that's right
yeah and in fact there's one guy now Sam
Nunn Burke who we talked about later in
the show yeah who's going around saying
yeah I probably called him an idiot in
other words yes you did if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
