our Tuesday morning January 2nd Donald
Trump did what he typically does and he
essentially live tweeted the episode of
Fox & Friends that happened to be airing
that morning however this time Fox &
Friends was talking about a report that
came from the Daily Caller saying that
former Hillary Clinton aide humi Abaddon
had basically had such insecure
passwords for her email and other
private files that she allowed them to
be hacked and then obtained by foreign
sources so Donald Trump gets on Twitter
and then he says you know what we've got
to have a full-blown investigation into
this as long as the deep State Justice
Department as he called it would
cooperate and move forward with this
they also need to look into James Comey
as well according to what Trump tweeted
now here's the thing about this
particular report that Fox News was
talking about this is not some bombshell
new thing that we just found out this
was actually revealed and first reported
in the year 2009 nine years ago we knew
that this had happened the
administration had looked into it and
they found that everything was okay
other than a little bit of sloppy
password handling there no huge secrets
were leaked nobody did anything that
would warrant any kind of criminal
charges and we moved on with our lives
because we're all grown-ups but
unfortunately nobody told that to the
Daily Caller
Fox and Friends and more importantly
Donald Trump himself but here's the
problem should the Justice Department or
I guess I should call it the deep State
Justice Department because that's what
Trump calls it and he runs it should
they decide to go ahead and investigate
Donald Trump's political enemies just
because he wants them to that creates a
very real constitutional crisis here in
the United States that is exactly what
Richard him Nixon did and that's one of
the reasons it was so easy to take him
down all those years ago but this is all
coming from Donald Trump's addiction to
Fox News
specifically Fox and Friends because
clearly based on his tweeting schedule
he never
misses an episode of that so his
addiction to FoxNews could end up being
the actual downfall of his presidency as
long as he continues to take that
particular show for its word and assume
that everything they tell him is the
truth they understand the three morons
sitting on that Fox and Friends couch
they understand that Donald Trump is
watching them every single morning and
they tailor their newscast to fit
whatever the president wants to hear
that particular day if he wants to hear
lies about Hillary Clinton or some of
the the people associated with her
they're gonna go with that if they think
he needs a little bit of praise for the
tax bill or for the stock market they're
gonna go with that if they just
generally want to trash Democrats to
make Trump feel better they're gonna do
that but the bottom line is that because
they are so completely dishonest and
because Donald Trump himself is so
painfully stupid he is going to end up
doing something as a result of watching
Fox News putting some kind of policy or
some kind of presidential action forward
that's going to end up ending his
administration and he's too stupid to
even realize that his addiction to Fox
News is going to be his eventual
downfall thanks for watching and if you
like what you see here on Ring of Fire
we encourage you to subscribe to our
Channel you can see the little subscribe
button down there but if you're watching
it on another device where you can't see
it go to youtube.com slash the Ring of
Fire hit subscribe be notified every
time we get a new video
