so yesterday as we were reacting to the
Michael Wolf book fire and fury about
Donald Trump and what was happening
inside the White House we wondered what
would the conservative reaction me how
would Fox News react how would maybe the
donors react and we have that for you
today we have all the answers as to how
they would react and it is awesome so
with the side with Trump or the leader
of the all right Steve Bannon I mean
they love both those guys so that was
gonna be a little bit of a tough
question for him of course one is
president so that might have made it a
little bit of a difference we're gonna
start with Fox News Sean Hannity oh he's
so conflicted let's watch the media
tonight they're hyperventilating again
foaming at the mouth the back-and-forth
between President Trump
former White House adviser Steve banning
here's the thing immediately loves love
Steve banning for the moment they love
when Republicans or conservatives are
fighting and create a circular firing
squad in real life they hate Bandhan and
they hate Trump and but they'll you know
right now they'll be supportive of Steve
Bannon if he think he's advancing their
cause they love these intramural fights
this isn't going to be a story in 48
hours
Zoid Trump just sent a cease and desist
letter trying to make sure that nobody
ever sees the book
oh they're hyperventilate are you insane
can you imagine if there was a book
about the Obama administration at an
interview 200 people verified audio
recordings we're almost every obama
staffers said it's unbelievable how
stupid obama is how incompetent obama is
how obama's actions were treasonous
could you imagine what Hannity in Fox
News would do but here's another big
story I don't know okay yeah look no one
likes the abandon so he said these
things the fact that he said um is
verifiable that doesn't mean that the
media or anyone else is like Oh Steve
ban is a good guy now no nobody thinks
that no we all think you're all bad guys
if that makes you feel better Sean so
now let's go to a fox no friends they
had a night to think about it Hannity go
I had to go on air immediately Fox and
Friends
in the morning so let's see if they came
up with a better defense the question is
what a Steve banning get out doing the
president in a way in which all his
critics do what does he I just kept
asking myself this last night what does
he get out of this Michael Caputo is
actually on the campaign he was a senior
advisor he says this book is trash I
stand with the president this book by
Michael Wolfe is is just trashed okay so
they're clearly coming out on the side
of Trump let's Trump's favorite show Fox
and Friends and they bring on a Trump
ally to go oh yeah Trump yeah yeah books
trash oh let's say abandon what's he
doing now let's go to the second part
the media who doesn't like him they
they're running with us of course this
is their headline on every single
network this morning they're loving this
but when you look at it it's just a
salacious book it's so tabloid it's a
book about what this guy who was fired
was saying about what was happening
inside the White House do you really
care write us and let us know if you
care about that or if you care about
what the economy looks like all these
jobs people are getting bonuses you're
not hearing so much not almost any media
I love the panic in the morning if you
care do you care I mean it turns out the
one according to Michael Wolfe 100
percent of the staff around Donald Trump
think he is incapable of doing the job I
think you care that the president's
totally incompetent and everyone around
him thinks he's totally stupid and
couldn't possibly do the job boy is that
irrelevant come on let's talk about
something else come on please that's
work okay but we haven't gotten to the
best defense yet here it comes killed
meet the one thing I just want to say
that one way he was characterized I
could absolutely tell you is wrong the
president doesn't like to read briefing
books he can't get through when they
talk about the Constitution he didn't
get through it when he sits down with
world leaders doesn't stay there he gets
bored I personally is just I've heard
just the exact opposite 101 he could go
on forever he likes the briefing pages
to understand before he goes in in fact
when he was just a prospective candidate
he used to walk around in an
old-fashioned way with folders like this
and I one time asked Michael what's in
there he was just news stories from
around the country and different policy
ideas so I thought to myself wow I
thought on his device he would carry it
he
love's paging through different stories
and different ideas in different columns
well he characterized him as somebody
doesn't read anything oh he likes the
briefing pages he's it's not just this
book every single report for the last
year has said from insiders right next
to Donald Trump saying we can't get him
to read a single page
the briefings on incredibly important
matters like nuclear war with North
Korea used to be four pages they hadn't
knock it down to one page then they had
to put pictures and graphs into the page
then they had to put Trump's name all
over the paint so he'd concentrate and
then even then he couldn't read one page
so they started boiling things down to
tweet size and putting Trump's name in
it oh he likes the briefing papers I saw
I saw it oh man he's flippin sir Brian
let it go let it go no one not even the
hardcore Magga guys think that they said
yeah of course you should be stupid why
would you ever read anything tweets the
only thing you got to read right let it
go Brian
so but which side are they gonna take so
it's obvious Fox News is decided okay
Trump we're going Hannity still wants to
have lunch with both he's a little
conflicted but but Trump overall but how
about the alt-right like the the crazies
Alex Jones Roger stone like the hatchet
man the conspiracy theorist etc they
loved been in the past which way they're
gonna go oh they have made up their mind
you're gonna love this watch I like
Steve Ben I am an ally of Steve Barron
we don't see eye to eye on everything we
have our disagreements particularly his
tendency to wear three button-down
shirts on top of each other but it's a
free country and he's free to dress like
a vagabond if he wishes to what about
the delusional garbage where he says he
may run for president and beat Trump
though he loves him so much how can a
guy that looks like he's got organ
failure I'm not saying he does but looks
like he's been run over by a truck with
dandruff all over been wearing three
shirts winning the best worst press
award in the world how could a guy that
looks like he's playing a vagabond
from some medieval you know a theater
show how can mr. dandruff just come out
and announce it with this big giant red
swollen eyeballs that looks like an owl
on PCP that you poured 14 bottles of
scotch on top of how can this creature
for stood with bodyguards and apparent
schizophrenia how can he become our new
Lord he was headed in that direction
you're also gonna say that he got off my
dander truck 14 bottles of scotch well
we have our conclusion conservatives
have come out against the abandon oh
look I'll give Alex Jones credit on that
first time ever giving out shows credit
not because he's a guest abandoned
because that was at least entertaining
I mean Laura Ingraham on Fox News what a
snore right Alex chose at least knows
how to install someone he's gone organ
failure he looks like a towel on PCP
anyway maybe the same place there where
he found that 80% gorilla 80% Pig 80%
human hybrids anyway either way now you
know stone Alex chose Fox all those guys
sorry Steve Banta you're done son
none of them are going with you okay now
it gets even worse at Breitbart inside
whoa no Steve Banta drugs right board
says this the core constituency for
Breitbart is what you would call the
Trump deplorable that's the audience and
if they're asked to choose between Steve
and Trump they're going to choose Trump
that's clear oh because if he loses
Breitbart you know what to see Matt
Bannon has left nothing nothing at all
wait wait wait we haven't even gotten to
the best part these are all awesome but
what is Steve banning gonna do in
reaction Holt okay let me give you more
at least two candidates supported by
Bannon including Senate hopeful Kelly
Ward of Arizona sought the distance
themselves on Wednesday so even the
candidates who aren't as I pulled the
chute get the hell out of there now
the deathblow Bannon has in recent weeks
also alienated his mail
main financial backer Rebecca Mercer
after he told several other major
conservative donors that he would be
able to count on Mercer's financial
support should he run for president the
person familiar with the conversation
said the person said Mercer now does not
plan to financially support Banias
future projects and that she was
frustrated by his moves in Alabama and
some of his comments in news media that
seemed to stoke unnecessary fights and
that's all she wrote
so without billionaire donors behind you
you know what a conservative has left
nothing
that's the whole infrastructure that
holds up the edifice of any conservative
media talk show host etc right so bright
part doesn't make any money and and
apparently he's even losing the bright
part audience without the Mercer's who
were the main guys backing Bannon he has
nothing left this was a disaster an
absolute debacle look Trump looks like
an idiot and he is an idiot but in terms
of their and Trump will have his day I
mean so Trump looks ridiculous and I
think people now I mean the overwhelming
majority the country already understood
it I think even some of his base not
being to understand how monumentally
stupid Donald Trump is but in terms of
his career he's got a couple of months
left until Moeller
reveals what he's got Bannen is done now
okay so allies said Bannon was largely
incommunicado on Wednesday he had
considered issuing a statement
denouncing the book and denying some of
the quotes but was not able to do so
before Trump went on the attack they
said see that goes to Banias point and
exactly what I said on the show
yesterday I said look if they were smart
Bannon and Trump would have gotten
together and said oh it's fake news the
book isn't true those quotes aren't true
the book is full of lies but Trump is
too stupid to contain himself he's too
much of a child just like the book says
so what did he do he's like he blurted
out August II bad and he's lost his mind
he's terrible but then Bannon screwed
then he can't go back and say oh I
didn't mean it so what's he gonna do
instead is possum okay
when asked on his radio show well hey
what say you Steve Bannon about all this
he says nothing will ever come between
us and president Trump and his agenda
don't worry about that is that right he
says don't worry about us and Trump and
make America great again agenda we're
tight on this as we've ever been it does
look like it here's Donald Trump's
statement from yesterday Steve Bannon
has nothing to do with me or my
presidency when he was fired he not only
lost his job he lost his mind it doesn't
appear that you guys are tight so that
was some weak sauce try again Steve so
here's what he says President States is
a great man you know I support him day
in and day out whether going through the
country given the Trump miracle speech
or on the show on the website so I don't
think you have to worry about that but I
appreciate the kind words you got cooked
you betta there was a big clash and what
happened let me show you Bannon as he
was saying that on the radio offering up
his hand oh that's so wonderfully sad he
went on to say there's no one we think
higher of the Donald Trump oh you cock
of all cocks you King cock oh you were
so tough you were the leaders leaders
all right you were on your bro we're
gonna get it we're gonna do war and then
Trump bellows at you and everybody turns
out all of a sudden he's a great man
wonderfully pathetic thank you very much
I love it so when they asked Trump about
it and here he comes
I don't know they told me a great man
last night so you know he obviously
changed his tune pretty quick yeah
that's what I thought you were gonna do
oh whatever
little self-respect Bannon had just went
out the door that was one of the saddest
and most wonderful things I've ever
heard Oh nothing like a good cock fight
they are everything that they claim
liberals were so when pushed according
to the book and according to Steve
Bannon and Roger Ailes who used to run
Fox News Donald Trump would actually do
this himself
to who Rupert Murdoch who's actually a
rich and powerful and a Vladimir Putin
and Bannon got baited by Donald Trump
and so now he's doing this because that
is their nature their authoritarian by
nature as al said about Donald Trump he
shits down but he sucks up that's who
they are at their core if you liked this
video bless your heart we got a lot more
where that came from we do a full show
every day Monday through Friday come
enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
