a popular youtuber is apologizing today
after his decision to publish a video
showing the hanging body of an
individual who committed suicide Logan
Paul is that youtuber and apparently
during a recent trip to Japan he went to
a forest that's known for suicides and
hangings and ended up filming a man's
body as it was hanging from a tree now
throughout the video he is laughing
making jokes during the moment that he
saw that body he became a little more
serious but then later on continued
joking around the video was uploaded
Sunday under the title we found a dead
body in a Japanese suicide forest and it
garnered more than 6 million views in
less than a day now his videos usually
get his personal vlogs which he does on
a daily basis usually get around 6
million views now when Paul and his
buddies stumble on the body this is an
area near Mount Fuji that has become
notorious for suicide his reaction is
initially one of disbelief he was quoted
as saying yo are you alive are you
effing with us later on he talks about
how suicide is not a joke suicide is not
a joke depression and mental illness are
not a joke we came here with an intent
to focus on the haunted aspect of the
forest this obviously just became very
real and obviously a lot of people are
going through a lot of shit in their
lives
ok and he also included a link for
suicide prevention in the description of
the video but people took issue with it
because a he filmed that dead body be
the headline or the title to his video
really capitalized on that and see
throughout the video I mean he's wearing
this goofy hat he's making light of
things it was just incredibly
insensitive especially when you consider
that suicide is one of the top reasons
for deaths in Japan I'll give you the
numbers to that in just a minute
so look full context here every day he
does a 15 minute video it's edited so
that cuts both in favor of him and
against him
so in this case he had done a video
about all the quirky different cultural
things that he saw in Japan or quirky at
least according to him so in the rest of
the video not related to the forest he's
laughing and joking in the middle he's
got the forest thing which is appalling
and he blurred out the face but and and
he did say that serious stuff you know
let's give it both sides here and but
when his cameraman basically is
concerned about standing next to the
body he jokes you never stand do it next
next next to a dead guy before and
laughs okay and so obviously people are
concerned that that is not taking it
seriously
look I you know what he should have done
is I guess broken his normal pattern of
doing 15-minute vlogs or do a 15-minute
vlog on Japan leave this out and then do
a more serious one about this I don't I
think him putting it up is not
necessarily wrong
showing the full body even with the
blurred face that's problematic laughing
in any portion of the video is obviously
an issue so but what he says is look for
460 days straight I've been doing this
kind of video and and so I understand
that because a lot of people don't
understand like for example we do a two
hour show and sometimes people only
watch one clip and they'll think that's
the only clip we've ever done I'm like
no we covered that issue a hundred times
go back and watch our videos on it on
the channel so I hear that but he also
said as one of his excuses like it just
happened at the spur of the moment and
what could we do mmm you didn't want to
publish it in this jokey 15 minute long
video let me give you his exact apology
yeah okay so he says people were
alleging or accusing him of doing this
for the views he says that's not the
case I didn't do it for the views I get
views I did it because I thought I could
make a positive ripple on the Internet
not cause a monsoon of negativity that's
never the intention I intended to raise
awareness for suicide and suicide
prevention so suicide is a serious issue
I do not think he went into it with the
intention of raising awareness about
suicide no way yeah that's BS suicide
remains a top cause of death for people
between the ages of 15 and 39 in Japan
so it is a serious problem and yeah it
was just it was really really
really bad judgment and hopefully like a
humbling moment for him so he can maybe
think twice before posting that kind of
sensitive material and look I I don't
I'm not surprised that people reacted
the way that they did
I mean suicide is a big problem in the
United States too I'm sure that there
are tons of his fans who had family
members who took their own lives so this
is a sensitive topic and including it in
the middle of this jokey quirky video is
not the way to go yeah so last couple of
things here look he edits the video it's
not a live blog so he could have done it
any way he wanted he chose to put it in
the middle they had plenty of time to
think about it and decided to to present
it in that way so it was it was
definitely wrong in that sense and him
say he's not doing it for the views both
true and untrue so some of the articles
are painting it like oh my god he got
six million views and that's why he did
it
no his aunt appointed on almost all of
his videos get six billion views it's
just that mainstream news has never
heard of YouTube so they're like six
million Jews that's the largest thing
we've ever heard no he gets it every
frickin time
yeah right on the other hand is he doing
it to get views in general of course he
is he went to the suicide for us because
he thought it'd be a cool thing I'm sure
he didn't expect to run into a dead body
and then he made the wrong judgment
calls on that and he came out looking
ugly last thing though is he's 22 did I
do stupid things when I was 22 yes
right so you know I think that there's
bounds of reason okay like I think he
gets it that it was wrong I just I think
that this is honestly and I'm giving him
the benefit of the doubt in saying this
I think this is a symptom of like
internet culture like and what I mean by
internet culture is we've become so
desensitized to things like people will
do outrageous terrible things on a
regular basis for attention and they
become instant celebrities like bad
behavior gets rewarded and sometimes you
know you go a little too far and people
buy back and I think that's what
happened here look young youtubers
especially not all of them but a lot of
them do crazy things whether it's done
sir pranks whatever it is to make a name
for themselves and it's worked it's
worked handsomely in the past so I think
this is just a symptom of a culture
that's been around for a little while
now so lastly on this is guys it's
actually a combination of things
yes on the internet people get a ton of
attention and he got a ton of attention
here for for this and often times people
get rewarded for bad behavior but a lot
of that is because the mainstream news
now the mainstream news a very rarely
reported about him or his brother Jake
Paul who are both incredibly popular
online and with Millennials some of his
what music videos get thirty five
million views but you guys never
reported on that so instead the one time
he does something wrong you in a sense
reward him with a lot of media coverage
just to be able to say you see this kid
on the Internet he's such a bad guy
right but what you don't realize is when
you do that whether it's for him or not
he's already popular but it incentivizes
other people to go what can I do that's
so bad that'll get the media attention
because when you're doing good things no
one in the mainstream media will cover
you so that's the case for any
profession though mmm I don't think so
are you kidding me if the TV guys get
slightly better ratings
everyone will good what a star right
he's larger than anyone in cable news by
a landslide and yet the only time anyone
ever covered him was when he did
something wrong yeah if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
