distrust in government management of tap
water has led to a movement known as the
raw water movement these are people who
do not want to drink tap water they want
to consume water that's off the grid and
unfortunately it is incredibly dangerous
now let's hear from one of these people
who is a huge fan of drinking so-called
raw water which by the way is completely
untreated water untreated the water from
Springs is the cleanest water in the
world it's been filtered by the earth
itself so water percolates down through
the earth and is filtered by all that
Earth substrate and it accumulates in
deep aquifers and when those aquifers
are full that water is brought up to the
surface at Springs you know water so
much more than just h2o molecules water
as it's found in nature is is a liquid
crystalline matrix of h2o molecules that
suspends a variety of beneficial
microbes and microalgae
as well as a variety of dissolved solids
like mineral ions and we need all of
that that's what we're adapted to we're
not any more adapted to refined h2o then
we are to refined carbohydrates like
processed white sugar one of the issues
today with the water that contemporary
modern people are drinking is that in
the form of tap water it's I would say
contaminated with antibiotic substances
like chlorine or contaminated with
halides like fluoride which we know is
neurotoxic and when we talk about
bottled waters one of the main issues
that we have there is a contamination of
plastic so there are businesses popping
up that offer
raw water for a pretty hefty price of
course yeah
so keep that in mind there's one
business let me look up the numbers
there's one business that sells 2.5
gallons for about $36.99 each and then
you can refill that bottle for a cheaper
price $15
each time you refill I hope that the
refill is even Rohrer
so live water is the business that I'm
talking about that video was from the
live water website but again this is
untreated water they believe that the
microbes and the algae and that water is
good for you
but in reality one of the best you know
enhancements or developments when it
comes to water consumption is the fact
that we got rid of dangerous bacteria
viruses things that cause typhoid or
cholera
also there are parasites in so called
raw water and so you know they're taking
a risk here and there are some companies
that are profiting from it handsomely
that dude the caveman in the in the
woods everything he said was wrong so
it's just not true it's like people say
like oh well you know the when we were
cavemen we used to drink the water from
the streams yeah when we were cavemen we
died when we were like 13 so that
doesn't make any sense in fact there is
literature going back 1,500 years to the
Greeks to the Egyptians etc you know
what they did with their water they to
clean it because I mean things as simple
as animals defecating in the water
creates bacteria and you got to clean
the water but these guys are down the
stream going like a wonderful raw water
no there's bacteria so there's an
interesting there's an interesting trend
among those on the far right who
listened to Alex Jones for instance and
who believe in all these conspiracy
theories and then those who are you know
extremely far off to the left like it's
they agree on this issue and look I get
it like I understand their perspective
because there are significant water
issues in the United States that's true
lead in our water mismanagement of the
water so people are concerned about
those things and they have every right
to be
however they're unfortunately going in
the wrong direction and consuming
something that could really hurt them or
kill them and we need to find a better
way to get safer drinking water without
resorting to bacteria viruses microbes
algae and parasites but look guys not
only are you endangering yourself and
others around you by drinking so-called
wrong
and you're paying through the nose for
it but you're actually hurting the cause
of clean water because so then when we
go to do a report about lead in the
water in places like Flint people go oh
yeah that's that dude hanging out in the
woods
it was drinking the raw water right no
no there's real leg problems of the
water and you know if you're gonna bring
up issues about plastic and how it
affects water it's set it though we can
have legitimate conversations about that
but when you go in this direction and
you start talking about fluoride in the
water when it's actually clean the water
for centuries you lose credibility and
you hurt overall cause of keeping the
water clean in America that's my opinion
on it
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join
get the whole young turks Oh every day
