the protests have continued in Iran and
unfortunately they have been met with so
much violence from authorities that the
death toll has increased so far we know
that at least 21 people have died as a
result of these protests and there have
been hundreds if not more arrests in
fact in Tehran alone there have been
about 450 arrests so what we know so far
is that the government of Iran is
clamping down on these protesters by
using violent force we also know that
they are shutting down social media and
even encrypted communication among
individuals in the country in an effort
to squash these protests now the
Ayatollah has released a statement in
regard to these protests and he believes
that there are some conspiratorial
forces at play so let me give you his
statement he says during the escapades
of the past several days Iran's enemies
using the various tools at their
disposal including money weapons
politics and security apparatus have
allied with one another to create
problems for the Islamic establishment
now he wasn't specific about the players
at hand however we do know that there is
some suspicion that Saudi this is a
saudi-led effort and we also know that
the United States is allied with saw
with the Saudis in regard to Iran and
the danger that it poses to the world at
least that's the message that they
continuously send out so in addition to
providing military support for Damascus
against Syrian rebels who receive
backing from Gulf states Tehran is
providing aid to Houthis in Yemen who
are fighting Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates to kind of show you what
the conflict is there just to give you
some context of why it is that the
Ayatollah would think that there are
foreign forces at play here so let's
talk about both sides of this issue so
first of all I have to confess being a
little annoyed by the mainstream news
coverage of this they're not saying
anything wrong they're just leaving out
a decent sized chunk of the story
they're even pointing out hey they got a
conflict with Saturday air be in Yemen
but the New York Times for example said
that the demonstrations Kay
quote largely seem to come out of
nowhere well okay look I get it I think
that there meaning it wasn't like there
was just a corrupt election or we just
found out a piece of news but at the
same time it's not out of nowhere I mean
it was a lot of your own reporting about
Saudi Arabia that we covered on the show
that the Saudis were trying to foment an
uprising in in the case of Hezbollah
against Hezbollah they did it with
Palestinians they try to get Sunni
jihadists to fight against the Shia
influence and even the jihadists were
like that's crazy dawg we're not gonna
do that
and then all of a sudden as Saudi
Arabia's going around doing all this
throughout the Middle East and and is in
a war with you know the Shia in the form
of the Houthis in Yemen that Iran is
backing all of a sudden there is
demonstrations against Iran and so look
I'm not saying that the New York Times
should say it's definitively because of
that I'm saying that we know that those
are factors you know those are factors
you should be a little bit more clear
about that so instead when when Khamenei
says this might be foreign forces
it makes it look insane and I've got a
thousand problems with the Ayatollah and
I got no love for him and I think his
government is corrupt
I don't those are not real elections and
I can go on and on there he's oppressing
his own people but he's not out of his
mind when he says their form factors at
play
oh the u.s. also looking to undermine
Iran it Israel also looking to undermine
Iran I mean if you don't understand that
those forces are aligned against Iran
that you don't understand foreign policy
at all and I think you guys do now again
don't get me wrong the Iranian
government has so many issues that
demonstrations and uprisings are
perfectly understandable and and and
when they say things like they calm down
one of the guys who works for the
government deputy governor of Tehran
said that the police quote calmed down
the riots by inviting people to respect
order right yes statement it is a
ridiculous statement and and look my my
read of what's going on right now is
that yes there is certainly a
possibility that there are foreign
forces at play and what I mean by that
is there is already a sense of
frustration among Iranians because of
the fact that the sanctions crippled
their economy and continue to do so
inflation is incredibly high
unemployment is incredibly high for the
general public it's about 14 percent but
if you look at Iranian youth it's at
about 40 percent so once you start
messing with people's financial
well-being that's when they you know
start getting more and more frustrated
and angry and want to take to the
streets because they might feel like
they have nothing else to lose and there
is a lot of frustration especially among
the younger population in Iran toward
the religious leadership you know they
want a more liberal society they want
more freedom and so there is a that
component of this uprising but I think
that it's very possible that Saudi
Arabia or other you know foreign players
can sense that tension and sense that
frustration and they're stoking it in
order to you know kind of encourage this
type of uprising to happen but we're
playing a dangerous game here but when I
mean by we is United States and its
allies including Saudi Arabia and and
but honestly I like to do constructive
critique and give you an alternative but
this is another one of those problems
that is a very very difficult to solve
and I don't know how it gets solved in
the long run here's why
so even state television admits that
nine people were killed overnight over
at least 20 killed so far and it's not
because the police were inviting them to
respect the law no the police come and
crack their skulls open and other
weapons and water counts is of course
the least of it if you've got 20 people
dead in the streets and there's further
threats that they'll kill more
protesters if this continues so okay I
want to get rid of the mullahs I'm a
secular I think the the Iranian people
deserve a lot better they're one of the
great history
traditions and cultures and people in
the world I don't want them being ruled
by Muslim clerics or any clerics on the
other hand you destabilize Iran and so
yes their leadership is saying well then
it could be like Syria or Libya okay so
they're doing propaganda to save their
own hide on the other hand it could be
it could be like Iraq it could be like
Syria and do we really want to
destabilize the Middle East to that
degree and the problem with you to
stabilize that perhaps even a bigger
problem is like in Iraq like in so many
of these places hardly ever does do the
rational secular moderates
come out winning when a massive civil
war begins you're right you're right but
also just keep in mind that while maybe
the US and by the way the reason why I
say maybe is because we're speculating
obviously we don't have the evidence in
front of us to prove that Saudi Arabia
or the United States or both are allied
to you know stoke these tensions however
what we do know is that the sanctions
that were imposed on Iran over you know
their nuclear development did cripple
their economy and continue to do so even
though we lifted those sanctions as part
of that deal it's really hard to get
money into the country so for instance
they had a massive earthquake and people
in other countries wanted to send money
to their relatives or to those who
needed it and the banks can't accept the
money those there are certain elements
of those sanctions that are still in
place right and so people are really
suffering in Iran right now and part of
the reason why is because of US policy
that in my opinion was incredibly
short-sighted now look we got the deal
that we wanted but the ramifications of
those sanctions are still at play and
that's leading to more instability in
that part of the world and by the way
look unfortunate a lot of people are at
fault here and and certainly the Iranian
government too so we lifted the
sanctions and they got Iranian money
back you know Trump paints it as if it
was our money and Obama decided to give
them our money no we had frozen their
bank accounts and we had gotten the
whole world to work to
there to freeze their bank accounts to
get to make sure they didn't make nukes
so that's why that deal was successful
now they don't have the root uranium
that deal is working but when the money
got unfrozen did it go to the Iranian
people of course not the government is
corrupt and they kept most of it and
that is also leading to actual real
tension that is I'm sure a part of these
demonstrations and protests as well I
don't think that they're all just Saudi
stoked
Saudi Arabia can go around like I told
you earlier and you try to stoke even
jihadis I mean in the Palestinian areas
and they couldn't right so here they
could because people are legitimately
angry about the unemployment the
corruption and the fact that this
government does not represent them I
don't know how we get a liberal
democracy in Iran which I desperately
want without going through turmoil that
usually gives an advantage to radicals
and fundamentalists right what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
