unrest continues in Iran in fact the
situation has gotten so dire that more
than 20 people have been reported killed
as a result of being part of these
demonstrations now CNN has done some
coverage of this and I want to show you
the next video because it shows you just
how severe the situation is in some of
these protests they're happening
throughout the country and in some areas
you see more violence than others
take a look what we have seen is people
pulling down the posters of a supreme
leader people chanting for his overthrow
we've also seen videos emerging that
appear to show people may have been
injured at some of these protests we've
seen videos where people are being
carried away also see what appear to be
people with gunshot wounds being treated
in makeshift medical facilities Hospital
so that video footage is difficult to
watch and as I mentioned already 21
people have been reported as dead now
Donald Trump had decided to take
advantage of this opportunity to tweet
his thoughts the people of Iran are
finally acting against the brutal and
corrupt Iranian regime all of the money
that President Obama so foolishly gave
them went into terrorism and into their
pockets that people have little food big
inflation and no human rights the US is
watching well if you're watching then
why would Iran be one of the countries
that you would ban from the travel you
know include in that travel ban if
you're so concerned about the people of
Iran you want to help them out but
nonetheless he's taking this opportunity
to yeah say that he's right Obama's
wrong so let's break down a couple parts
of that so Obama so foolishly gave them
right again Obama didn't give them any
money
it wasn't our money what Obama did is he
went to China and Russia and Europe and
all these countries that have all these
different issues with us and convinced
all of them to work together to freeze
Iranian bank accounts Iranian bank
accounts all across the world so that
they would give up their uranium program
and they did
and in return they just simply got the
money back that was their money that we
had taken hostage look I don't know if
that's an ethical thing to do but it
worked and yes okay great Iran does does
not have uranium they can't make nukes
and in return they basically got their
own money back but Trump makes it appear
over and over again as if Obama took
American money and just handed it to the
Iranians that didn't happen it's not
true and so then you get into the u.s.
is watching and I hadn't even thought of
where you mention there if you're so
worried about the Ayatollah oppressing
his own people and they if they're
running away from the mullahs wouldn't
you want to accept them with open arms
they're all terrorists yeah in Trump's
eyes of course right so then don't
pretend that you care about the Iranian
people okay but the second part of that
is if you care about the protesters
saying that the u.s. is on their side
it's a mixed bag look and I got mixed
feelings about it because I think in
2009 when they were doing the Green
Revolution or in Iran I thought that
Obama was very non-committal about it
very Obama like right and and I wished
it and to be fair I don't know what he
was doing behind the scenes but
outwardly it appeared that he wasn't
doing much and there they had real
momentum and they might have been able
to do something but what are they gonna
do I mean you'd have to literally find a
way to overthrow the religious
leadership and I mean no but it's during
the Green Revolution it got so bad that
there that some of the clerics houses
were starting to get surrounded and that
is when you can actually topple the
government and again I don't know if I'm
being unfair but it didn't look like we
were giving much support there and and
to be another layer of of concern is if
they had failed it would have been a
disaster and it could have or they have
succeed they toppled the government we
can't replace it with anything you're a
massive instability so on the other hand
when Trump jumps in here with a like a
bull in a china shop and he's a girl the
u.s. is on the side of the protesters
that doesn't help the protesters well
because then Ayatollah as he said today
will turn around and go
I told you foreign agents were causing
all this in the first place these
demonstrators are not for Iran therefore
they're working for the the American
dogs like Trump and it helps the mullahs
and the ayatollahs with their propaganda
what Trump does with domestic policy and
how he just kind of shoots from the hip
speaks without thinking tweets without
thinking it concerns me of course right
but I think what's even more terrifying
is his rhetoric in addressing foreign
policy or foreign countries and he
doesn't think about the ramifications of
anything he says or the nuances of the
situation or what could possibly happen
in the future before he puts out those
tweets so you're right everything that
he says on Twitter can and will be used
against him and he just doesn't think
about that doesn't care doesn't think
about it someone needs to like I don't
know like tie up his hands so he doesn't
use Twitter in the early mornings of any
day but that's because Donald Trump
doesn't care about anybody but himself
so if he actually want to help those
protestors he might go about things
quietly diplomatically behind the scenes
he doesn't do that what he cares about
is I was wrote about wrong Obama was
wrong those right ooh yeah Iran bad yeah
I got it dude I got it it's all about
you
because look doing things diplomatically
and quietly would maybe indicate that he
wouldn't get credit and attention that
he so desperately wants right for him
the endgame is not peace the endgame
isn't creating a stable situation in the
Middle East the endgame is how can I get
as much attention as possible by being
as boastful as possible you're
absolutely right the only thing you
wants to expand is not the
demonstrations but the size of his head
if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
