today California made marijuana legal of
course voted on it earlier and and now
it's in effect starting actually
yesterday on Monday and they also passed
a law on sanctuary state making
California sanctuary state now this has
made Fox News of course lose their minds
in like almost literal reefer madness so
I'm gonna show you two clips associated
with that and then I'll breakdown their
lack of logic but they're just fun
anyway
look at these goofballs let's watch
January 1st California became an
official sanctuary state not a sanctuary
City the entire state on a sanctuary
this is incredible so with a you say all
four are the immigrants here among our
population you don't have to feel
deportation they're not immigrants
immigrants are allowed to be here
illegal immigrants aren't they snuck in
that's the little dissemination so now
if you are in a public school in a
public library a health facility there
are safe zones from Donald Trump they
say it's you against Donald Trump Dave
said no such thing okay marijuana second
this apparently California craziness so
if you have only heard right-wing
propaganda or you've never heard it
explained before what is a sanctuary
city or state what does it do this is
say to undocumented immigrants hey you
all come here we're having a party okay
let's all get together and have nothing
but fun and you do anything you like no
it says if the federal government wants
to turn our local law enforcement into
their actors meaning okay you're going
to enforce federal laws okay one of
those federal laws is laws about
immigration then you have to pay me for
it you can't do unfunded mandates
remember when conservatives pretend to
be against unfunded mandates so you
can't tell me all right keep that guy
who's undocumented in your prisons for
three years now I think I broke a lawn
they're gonna keep him in California
prison anyway and then they're gonna
deport him anyway
that's already part of the law we're
talking about people who did not break
the law and there the federal government
says I think that guy is undocumented
now I want you to keep him in prison
indefinitely California says first of
all you didn't pay me to keep him in
prison indefinitely you sent me the
money we'll have a conversation second
of all what do you mean indefinitely
that that's against our due
says laws not only in the kitchen why
but also for California so no we're not
going to just do whatever the federal
government tells us to do and doesn't
pay for etc they make it seem like we're
all going nuts here like we're just
where we're finding undocumented
immigrants and bringing them here and
giving them cake hey that's not what's
happening all right now let's move to
marijuana not only if you're illegal
you're welcome in California also if you
want to get high you're welcome there
too so you can be illegal and wasted on
marijuana right and live in that state
and be just fine
the sixth date to legalize marijuana as
of January 1st and by the way it's
amazing how long the lines work well
fifty percent higher than they even
anticipated
underneath the welcome to California
signs someone posted a sign that said
official sanctuary state felons illegals
and ms-13 welcomed Democrats need the
votes absolutely how amazing is that no
it's not
ms-13 is a brutal gang that by the way
was created because of the insane war on
drugs
we made it illegal for no reason so
people started dealing with it and and
since it was illegal black markets
formed and in those black markets
terrible gangs form just like when we
had prohibition of alcohol nobody wants
anybody to commit any crimes in
California because we live in California
why would we want crimes here they think
that that's how liberals are although
somebody government give it a crime
against me
no you morons if they committed a crime
they get not only prison time but
deported anyway so the other reason by
the way is sanctuary cities and states
on average have crime statistics that
are lower why because if you if you say
to the federal government you come and
take away all the undocumented
immigrants and I'll work with you and
I'll keep them in my prison forever or
however long you want them etc and then
you know what happens undocumented
immigrants that are reluctant to report
crime to the police which breeds
lawlessness it's a terrible idea
you know what marijuana breeds a good
time and often times better health but
these guys on five servers by the way I
don't even believe them the chances of
those three of having never
smoke pod is infinitesimally small I
would be shocked if Kilmeade in Dulce
word high consistently let alone that
they never did it but now the according
to that California did nuts but they cut
big lines of smoking marijuana and they
actually want to treat people as human
beings no no no it's all about
everything if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
