ladies and gentlemen we got it weed is
now legal in California celebration this
is it and I'll tell you why it's not
just because people want to get high
it's because it has huge policy
ramifications and it's not just because
it's California it's because it's over
here I'm going to declare it over right
now marijuana will be legal everywhere
once I pound the gavel it is Oh bah OVA
so let me explain why let's go to
HuffPost for an explanation of the law
in California adults who are at least 21
years old can legally purchase
recreational marijuana from select
retail shops in California beginning
Monday so that was yesterday a milestone
that instantly makes the state the
world's largest legal marijuana
marketplace okay so it's gigantic
California if it was its own country
would be among the top seven economies
in the world so that's how large
California is both in size and and
economy but there are even wider
ramifications the state's new
recreational marijuana industry is a
projected value of as much as seven
billion dollars enough to make it the
world's largest legal marijuana market
and is predicted to eventually generate
1 billion dollars annually in local and
state tax revenue ova h ova once the
government gets hooked on that billion
dollars it's a gateway drug to having
marijuana legal forever you know I'm
using gateway drug of course mockingly
of the right wing and the preposterous
argument they made about marijuana for
decades and decades but it's not just
about the government needing that tax
revenue much more importantly guys and
what is not mentioned in these articles
nearly enough almost not at all is once
you have corporations profiting from
marijuana to the tune of 7 billion
dollars in California alone we're done
with this thing then all of a sudden
corporate power flips to the other side
and goes marijuana
what do you gateway drug tip schedule
one
it's what fantastic it's wonderful you
know how much money we're making and
then you grease some politicians and
this thing is done it's done
nobody's gonna turn down that kind of
profit and then they're gonna want it in
all the neighboring states then all the
states and then all across the world so
corporate America unfortunately has a
lot of downsides including bribing
almost all of our politicians here in
America but the upside is if you let
corporations do marijuana you will have
legal marijuana everywhere okay
California produces vast amounts as
HuffPo continues to explain Matt furna
writing here vast amounts of marijuana
that has done so for years now more than
20 years after the state legalized
medical marijuana 28 other states allow
cannabis for medical purposes eight
states including California and the
District of Columbia have also legalized
the plant for adult recreational
purposes you're not going to roll back
28 states legislation it this is not an
issue that goes back and forth oh look
the right wing wing is winning now and
the left wing is more momentum later and
it goes no once marijuana becomes legal
in California as it has now become
there's no rolling it back you're not
gonna roll back to 28 states you know
why because we've been right all along
there's nothing wrong with marijuana so
does it have a couple of downsides of
course as anything does but is it more
dangerous than heroin and cocaine and
meth and fentanyl
no it's is it more dangerous than
painkillers you're taking no is it more
dangerous than alcohol no so if it was
you know what would happen after
California legalized it let alone all
the other states which have already done
so recreationally let alone medical
marijuana people would have started
dying right it would be like oh my god
did you hear about the 13 guys who died
yesterday from smoking marijuana but
that doesn't happen because it was all
lies so instead what's gonna happen is
hey did you hear about the 13 guys whose
or 13,000 guys who smoked marijuana the
other day and felt a little bit better
either in terms of actual pain relief
which helps soldiers suffering from PTSD
as one of many many examples or
did you hear about the hundred thirty
thousand people who smoke marijuana
yesterday and had a good time and that
was that they they made a good time
illegal I thought this was a free
country but it's gonna be free again and
so this is fantastic news now in
California they went a little farther
now why this legislation is actually
even better and more progressive than in
some of the other states and then and
honestly I could have imagined when they
started this process the law goes beyond
the regulation and taxation of marijuana
and aims to repair damage for the
companies failed from the countries
failed war on drugs individuals with
prior marijuana related convictions that
wouldn't have been a crime on the new
law or would have resulted in a lesser
punishment can petition courts that have
their record reclassified or cleared
altogether that is great news now
remember what a richard makes his top
aides said in the 1990s yes we started
the war on drugs to go after our
political enemies hippie liberals and
black people he said it he told you why
they did it now to free those prisoners
that for smoking marijuana when all of
our presidents lately have smoked
marijuana george w bush Barack Obama
Bill Clinton they've all done it right
but they never went to prison because
they're among the elites to free those
people who are not in the elites who
were imprisoned and arguably enslave
working for a dollar a day it's slave
wages of some of these prisons that is a
monumental difference maker it's a great
day in America you should do this all
across the country and and they're not
done yet in addition some local
jurisdictions are giving priority or
other assistance to marijuana business
license applicants previously convicted
of low-level marijuana offenses or who
come from low-income communities hit
hard by harsh drug war policies for
years and years for decades they crushed
those local communities the only
Economic Opportunity had unfortunately
was the booming drug trade in their
neighborhood now they've turned around
and said we were wrong so if we're going
to startup shops and this is going to be
legal and these are going to be real
businesses we should give those same
communities which we oppressed and
crushed and imprisoned for all this time
for something that was actually
perfectly safe we're going to give them
an opportunity first in my mind that is
wonderful and all these states there are
no cases of people going wild on
marijuana it was all propaganda nobody's
lost their mind that's not the gateway
drug the gateway drug unfortunately is
legal prescription painkillers as we've
seen with the opioid epidemic these
steps are wonderful one last piece of
news for you in regards to this for the
whole country a recent Gallup poll found
this 64% of Americans favored making
marijuana legal the highest is the
pollster first posed the question almost
five decades ago majorities of
Republicans Democrats and independents
all voice support for legal marijuana
it's over marijuana will be legal
everywhere and as well as should be and
California has in my opinion struck the
death blow for this insane war on
marijuana that has been going on for far
too long another great job by one of the
most progressive states in the country
in leading the way towards righteousness
justice and rationality if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now TYT Network comm
/join get the whole younger so every day
