Michael Schmidt at the New York Times
managed to get Donald Trump in an
impromptu interview this was a 30 minute
long interview that happened at the
Trump International Golf Club in West
Palm Beach Florida which is the place
where Trump has spent most of his time
as president of the United States but
this interview was interesting they
touched on a number of different topics
and Trump gave a number of different
uncensored unfiltered answers so you
know it's gonna be fun so on the topic
of the Russia investigation Trump had
said that he thinks Muller is gonna be
fair you know I'm just gonna give him an
I think he's gonna be fair but he also
repeated on 16 different occasions that
there was no collusion okay insisted 16
times that there has been no collusion
discovered by this investigation okay
let's just note for real quick that
there's no way that he could know that
they investigation is secret so he has
no idea what it has uncovered or not
uncovered and 16 times a little
defensive I can't quite tell I think I
hate to correct you on this but he could
no because it says right here that he
said I have absolute right to do what I
want to do with the Justice Department
absolutely so you just walk over there
and say hey let me see your
investigation like he's out of his mind
he's he's been out of his mind but but
to say something like that like the
whole Constitution the whole structure
the government that ah absolute right to
do what I want the thing is I don't even
think he even really understands how our
government works or how it's supposed to
work I think he was under the assumption
that the president has the power to
unilaterally do whatever and however he
pleases now in regards to the Russia
investigation he continued to say it
makes the country look very bad and it
puts the country in a very bad position
so the sooner it's worked out the better
it is for the country
though you make the country look bad
okay you make the country look bad and
quotes that I'm gonna read to you later
will reinforce that yeah so on that to
him to back up both of your points he
thinks well if I'm president that's I
run the place and and I run it with any
way that I want no in ours
I'm going to three branches you have to
explain it to Mikey's a child but
actually children learned that a long
time ago and and know you're not a
dictator you can't do anything you want
and you are not the country he keep
saying it makes the country look bad no
it makes you look bad but you think well
I'm the president so I am now that you
know I'm the guy who represents
everything no no the country is fine
without you and indeed it was great
without you it didn't need to be made
great again right and so but it's he
can't he's the most egotistical man I
have ever seen and and I've seen a lot
of egotistical people including myself
and this guy is shatters all records he
does and later he will tell us all how
he understands legislation better than
any president in US history we'll get to
that quote in a minute but finally to
Alonso's quote or your reference to his
quote about how he can do it ever he
wants let me give you the full quote in
the full context he said I have absolute
right to do what I want to do with the
Justice Department but for purposes of
hopefully thinking I'm going to be
treated fairly I've stayed uninvolved
with this particular matter
no you haven't no you have you fired Co
me like that's okay
step number one of not remaining
uninvolved or whatever I I mean it's
case after case of you like not letting
the situation go and thinking that it's
some sort of witch hunt and then all of
a sudden we find out all this
information about how certain people in
your campaign were not forthcoming
people are pleading guilty to charges in
the Moller investigation okay you
mentioned it 16 times in this interview
so he also has said that sessions the
Attorney General should step aside he
did a terrible job of recusing himself
and even in this interview he later says
the job of the Attorney General's to
protect the president that's getting
involved in the investigation
but the thing about Trump is you know
the old joke parable whatever they ask
the fish how's the water feel and he
says what water right because he's in
the water so with Trump he doesn't he's
surrounded by stupidity for all his
whole life so he doesn't know what
stupidness like he doesn't real
saying hey I want the Attorney General
to protect me and not the law and at the
same time saying I'm not interfering
with the investigation it's stupid he
doesn't get it cuz he is stupid he is
he's so dumb he's surrounded by stupid
and doesn't know what to do it doesn't
even recognize this it's true getting
getting back to what you said earlier
about how he doesn't know how the
government works and his and he loves
television shouldn't somebody let like
get all of the schoolhouse rocks just
get them all on a loop and just say okay
this weekend you have to watch all of
this to see how remember schoolhouse
rocks I'll show the different branches
of government they showed how a bill
became a law etc that like just saying
okay you have to watch this so you know
what the president does and doesn't do
yes I think we had a good collabo idea
here cuz I want to add on top of your
idea they should just put a Fox and
Friends logo on it oh man kill me to do
a great job this morning a Meany alert a
lot more yeah so uh then he talks a
little bit about his desire for
bipartisanship but how Democrats refused
to play ball okay so he according to the
New York Times he expressed frustration
and anger at Democrats who he said
refused to negotiate on legislation joe
Manchin talks he said but he doesn't do
anything he doesn't do let's just really
stop person he doesn't do he doesn't do
okay he has the best words and she has
the best words he is cunning linguist
okay so let's go Manchin talks but he
doesn't do anything he doesn't do hey
let's get together let's do bipartisan I
said good let's go then you don't hear
from him again
let's do bipartisan he thinks that some
chicken Russia
let's do he thinks that was a girl in
Russia we gonna do bipartisan because we
heard she's bi and all that you know
yeah I know I just think it's an adult
show forgive me forgive me for that it's
this is the thing the two reasons that's
ridiculous one because you know the
Republicans went so far out of their way
to be bipartisan and work together
Obama oh yeah but the other thing is
like yeah the Democrats didn't make it
to the midnight meetings when you were
scribbling on to the tax bill you know
by hand just scribbling in notes and
it's like they didn't work with us like
oh we didn't work with you when you were
doing your secret homework late at night
like it would I don't know
so that's right they didn't ask for a
single Democratic vote on the tax bill
and so one of the things they added at
the last minute whether it was midnight
or not was a giant real-estate loophole
which goes to the advantage of Donald
Trump and so when you were adding a
loophole for yourself and your family
into the bill at the last minute it
wasn't the Senate version it wasn't in
the House version they added it when
when they were reconciling the bill and
and they got a note some people think it
was from corker but most likely it was
from Trump and Kushner who have even
bigger real estate holdings than corker
so you didn't ask the Democrats if it
was okay to put a loophole for yourself
and you didn't ask them to do anything
you didn't you just did it all by
yourself and so you've never asked for
them to legislate anything with you
right and besides which even if he did
it would be a really bad idea for
Democrats to work with him you know what
I'm saying cuz they're not gonna give
you no progressives what they want and
progressives are already you know ready
to tear you know the the moderate
Democrats apart for you know how
complicit they've been for such a long
time in policies that have actually gone
against you know progressive values so
yeah go ahead and say that you a wanna
be bipartisan and be that anyone would
even want to work with you your
political suicide for anyone that's on
the left in my opinion okay so moving on
he also wants to tell everyone how smart
he is because that's what Trump does so
here we go this is gonna be great I know
the details of taxes better than anybody
better than the greatest CPA I know the
details of health care better than most
better than most I that's saw Amit
really is amazing if Obama had said
anything like that I know who taxes for
than any CPI people like what a insane
thing to say if anybody had ever said
that but Trump we've just gotten used to
the fact that he's insane that's that's
the sad thing no this is but like it's
become normal and that's what they said
the worst thing that can happen is that
his inane comments become normal so now
whenever he says he's the best he's the
greatest it's that we just kind of laugh
it off without realizing like how insane
this is now the guy who's really mad the
greatest CPA in the country oh he's mad
school I've been working all my life he
follows that up with this comment later
he added that he knows more about quote
the big bills debated in the Congress
quote than any president that's ever
been in office okay so I I don't know if
this follow-up question was asked
because this is all in print we don't
know how it all went but I'm curious if
they asked him okay so you say that you
know a lot about the big bills a which
big bill are you talking about and then
whatever he decides whatever he chooses
okay give me I mean the reporters should
know the details of these bills right
okay then quiz him on one of the details
of the bills and see what he has to say
he doesn't know it he didn't even know
his own policies when he was on the
campaign trail he was never specific
about anything
never specific about anything never
never never I'm gonna build a wall have
Mexico pay for it how how explain how
you're gonna have Mexico pay for it okay
till this day he comes up with complete
and utter bullshit about how Mexico is
gonna pay for that frickin wall okay ask
him the follow-up questions okay I don't
I can't believe that he just gets away
by saying I know everything
I know everything there is to know about
the big bills fucking talks like that an
idiot so just a couple fun notes on
those particular quotes his own
accountant when a stir in the campaign
said yeah he used to come in but this is
when he was married to Ivana Trump and
they can't say yet he he just come in
and go make my taxes lower and then
Ivana would asked a bunch of smart
questions about what are we doing and
what are the different rules
etc and then they asked the accountant
who was not trying to bury Trump he's
been the Trump family accountant for a
long time and he was his dad's
accountant they asked him well how was
his dad was his dad more proactive in
during the taxes season and then the
filings etc he's like oh yeah his dad
was smart so and he's like that was a
real businessman to your point Anna what
you were saying about asking the
follow-up questions and and I love the
fact that you guys have are over seven
billion viewers in this and atma jenk I
don't know if you remember we met at the
alternative press conference the White
House press conference dinner or
whatever the reason you guys aren't
allowed in theirs because you would ask
that follow-up question and they don't
want that you know when he says he's the
expert on taxes my question would be
like okay so how does no estate tax help
middle America yeah
the any of them have a 5.9 million
dollar farm or gas station like it's an
easy question but nobody asks that so
yeah when he says the big bills you just
pick one pick the tax bill or or you
know anything that has happened orbit
health care anything that's been on a
table and ask him say can you explain
this point you know it would it would be
like when they were questioning one of
his judicial nominees who was sitting
there like courtroom well no I never
been in a courtroom I thought of the
same thing health care look it's a
super-easy follow-up question because it
was actually in the news the Republicans
went and had a conference with him as
they were trying to do that health care
bill where they would get rid of Obama
care and and they said to him well look
we have this issue with the tax cut
within the health care bill he's like no
no we're doing tax cuts later really no
that's what yeah that's a different bill
but in this bill there's also a tax cut
no no you don't understand he knows
everything there is to know about the
big bills so the Republicans walked out
and and talked to the press and they're
like oh my god of course most of them
anonymously they're like doesn't know
what's in the bill he doesn't know
what's in the bill so a follow-up
question given that you know if you're a
New York Times reported that that was a
big story you could say oh by the way
what was the size of the tax cut in your
health care proposal you think he's
gonna he's he would probably say
there was no tax cut we just did the tax
cut yet write anything in this reporters
defense you know he can't ask that
question because it's the end of the
interview that's right
that's a great point there's a pool of
reporters somebody has to that's when
Sarah Huckabee comes out and does the
real lying but yeah if he's but that he
would just be like yeah this is over no
you're absolutely right about that and
keep in mind that this reporter managed
to interview him before so you know it's
that access and that access everyone's
talking about this interview today
everyone's talking about this reporter
and how he managed to get this impromptu
conversation with Trump and so that's
the bread and butter for you know
establishment journalists and I mean I
don't know you got to find a balance I
guess but it's important to really show
how incredibly incompetent this guy is
otherwise you're just giving him a
platform to spew is nonsense
the reporters Michael Schmidt in his
defense he probably thought nobody's
stopping me let me just let this guy
keep talking right because if he keeps
talking he's gonna say these amazing
things so and he did he got a lot of
amazing quotes out yes
so I want to give you guys the final
amazing quote that I caught my attention
and it was in regard to Jeff Sessions
now he doesn't mention Jeff Sessions by
name in this comment but it was a
comment that he made in the context of
Jeff Sessions recusing himself from the
Russia investigation which we all know
Trump has not been happy about now he
says I don't want to get into loyalty
but I will tell you that I will say this
Holder meaning Eric Holder under the
Obama administration protected President
Obama totally protected him when you
look at the things that they did and
Holder protected the president and I
have great respect for that I'll be
honest so I don't know what he's
referring to he wasn't ever specific
about how Holder protected Obama but you
can see there that it's it's a little
bit of a jab at Jeff Sessions for not
being loyal to Trump for not protecting
Trump and that's not what the attorney
general's role is supposed to be as
Alonzo said in the beginning he
misunderstands
how our system works he thinks the
Attorney General is supposed his job is
to protect the president even if he's
broken the law
no that's the opposite of his job and he
just doesn't get it you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
