former doctor Phil guests are now
speaking out against the show alleging
that the show's staff enabled their drug
addiction or alcohol addiction in an
effort to gain ratings for their program
now Todd Herzog is one example that was
detailed in Stata news.com Stata news in
addition to Boston Globe published this
report that was illuminating
however the staff at dr. Phil claimed
that none of this is true they are
denying all of it nonetheless I want to
give you the details of what's being
alleged so Todd Herzog was on dr. Phil
show because he had an alcohol addiction
and he claims that after he traveled to
Los Angeles to be on the show he went
into the green room and found that there
was a bottle of vodka there he also
claimed that he was given drugs right
before he went on air take a look at
what he has to say
I show up to the studios and I'm sober
I'm hurting a lot and I'm shaking my dad
was there and I went and talked to him
in his dressing room and I was
completely sober and then they pull me
into my dressing room and there was two
liters of vodka and like some Red Bulls
and orange juice and stuff like that you
know being unsupervised by my parents I
drank the entire bottle and then at some
point somebody gave me a xanax
they said this will calm your nerves and
so I had been drinking and took a xanax
which I've never taken xanax before in
my life and I know that can be a deadly
combination so why it was given to me I
don't know
dr. Phil I'm Todd next thing you know
I'm being carried on to the stage
because I can barely walk how drunk do
you think you are right now and an
entire bottle of vodka
keep doing point two six three what's
gonna happen to you if you keep drinking
like you're drinking and they're dying
so Herzog said that you know he showed
up to the studios completely sober his
father was with him and has corroborated
that and you know Herzog says that he
found the alcohol in the dressing room
also according to this report guests
have been left without medical help as
they face withdrawal from drugs the
investigation is found and one person
said she was directed by a show staff
member to an open-air drug market to
find heroin for her detoxing nice now
people are usually traveling from out of
state in order to be on the show and for
about two days they don't have access to
whatever drug that they're addicted to
and so they'll suffer from extreme
withdraws and according to this one
allegation while one person was
suffering withdraw one of the producers
or staff members on the show directed
her to go find heroin at one specific
place so I don't like the exploitation
of a show overall and so people have
different views on anything some people
will tell you that dr. Phil has helped
them a lot for the people that have been
on the show the audience obviously likes
is very highly rated he's the highest
paid television personality in the
country you know how much he makes makes
seventy nine million dollars a year Wow
right so there's a lot of money on the
line here I don't like the carnival
atmosphere so he will abrade his guests
and the audience will cheer it feels
like we're you know we're back at the
Coliseum and like oh you carry the guy
out and and we all do a little bit of
schadenfreude and we all you know judge
a little bit and then yeah somebody's
yelling at him telling him the tough
love and straighten him so look I know
it's a mixed bag I'm sure he has helped
some people he says you know I'm gonna
stay in your life forever
really all those guests all those years
dr. Phil's good friends with them and
stayed in their life forever I would be
dramatically surprised so they are the
show denies everything one of their
Martin Greenberg psychologists who said
the show's director of professional
affairs says that this particular story
about Herzog is quote absolutely
unequivocally untrue so I mean look if
you think about it logically how did he
get that drunk right before the show
yeah and and also there were some
contradictions in that statement in that
at first the Washington Post The
Watchmen The Boston Globe and stat news
were told that you know every guest is
with a professional being monitored the
entire time so if that were the case
then that person would find you know the
alcohol and stop you know Herzog from
drinking it and then later on recanted
that statement which I thought was
interesting so I don't I don't know what
the truth is I mean we're not
investigators we're not investigating
this story but at this point several
people have come forward and said no
there's been some enabling going on and
the suspicion is that that enabling
takes place because it it creates the
the drama that you see on the show look
there they don't get good ratings
because they're helping people there's a
lot of different organizations that help
people that don't have TV shows and
wouldn't get good ratings they get
ratings because people get to feel like
oh we get to shame that person and it
just bothers me to my core but a lot of
TV shows - I can't stand the biggest
loser like oh yeah look at that and then
they make them take their shirts off and
they then they judge and judge under the
guise of helping them and some people
I'm sure they help but it's just it's
not for me it makes me sick to my
stomach it's the reason why I think a
lot of reality shows do as well as they
do it's because people and I think it's
more commentary on society and what
people want to see than anything else
right people like to see train wrecks
people like to see others
in a tragic situation for some reason it
was true of a lot of you know talk shows
that I experienced growing up we know
why because it makes them feel a little
bit better about themselves they're all
bullies in some way it's true and it
allows us to laugh at other people and
it's oh that makes me cringe and so in
some ways it's emotional porn and and to
me that's deeply problematic so no
matter who's right in this story the
overall tenor of the show is is kind of
like while pretending to help someone a
little bit of haha
and that's dragging them out there in
that shape yeah come on you can't
justify that under any circumstance you
know you're doing it for the ratings why
don't you bring him to a hospital dr.
Phil said in that show I've never talked
to her guess who's closer to death then
bring him to the hospital instead of
trotting him out for ratings if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
