well we get to announce the jerk of the
year now that's what we do every year at
the end the year and boy there's a lot
of people in this category and a lot to
choose from we had to boil it down to
five people as we usually do the four
runner ups in the winter so all the
runner ups were very worthy they easily
could have been jerk of the year
starting with Rory Moore now do I have
to explain why he was a candidate for
jerk of the year okay fine um valuations
of sexual assault on a 16 year old
getting a 14 year old nearly naked and
having her apparently touched his
genitals back in the day and all this
came up he wouldn't withdraw he kept
going he's still going
all the Republicans in Alabama have said
that he has lost and they have certified
the election and he thinks that it is a
Muslim / Marxist takeover of Alabama I
mean the guy is an absolute lunatic but
if even if it wasn't for the the
allegations of him being a child
predator you still had him saying that
George Soros was was going to hell
because he's not in the right faith and
that he apparently had some sort of
political / sexual conspiracy the guy's
a full-blown lunatic bill doesn't
believe in the 13th 14th and 15th
amendments that set the slaves free
couldn't get any worse but nonetheless
he was beaten by another guy who
eventually won the jerk of the year so
let's keep going yeah the next runner up
is equally worthy of the title Harvey
Weinstein thought long and hard about
making him the jerk of the year it has
led to the me2 movement which has
liberated a lot of people not
exclusively because of that but but
unfortunately some of the worst
allegations of of any of the people
involved in sexual harassment and sexual
assault cases ranging all the way up to
literally barging into women's hotel
rooms apartments and and houses and just
raping them and so in dozens of women
have come forward it's still unclear to
me why he has not been arrested for any
of those crimes but every piece of those
allegations
was more monstrous than the next easily
could have won in any year another jerk
of the Year candidate is Steve Bannon
that is not only for being chief
strategist of to Donald Trump for a good
number of months at least within the
White House running Breitbart now so
that's policy difference design and
that's okay but mainly for being leader
though all right all right that brought
us among other things this year that
rally in Charlottesville which turned
out so disastrous that has spread fear
and hatred throughout the country and
pushed the president to go more in that
hard right wing hateful direction
including saying that they're very fine
people on both sides after
Charlottesville that the encouragement
apparently of the alt-right Donald Trump
said that so Steve banning being the
head of the alt-right in a sense and a
declared Breitbart the place where all
right
a while back certainly is a good
candidate for jerk of the year and then
also on the list is Vladimir Putin for
messing with democracy all across the
world's not only are there credible
allegations of collusion in the US
elections and seems to be giving orders
to Donald Trump and Donald Trump doesn't
listen to anyone but Putin can't wait to
see how that turns out and maybe Putin
can win next year for jerk of the year
depending on the information that we
have but much more importantly in terms
of his immediate effect is the ruining
of Russian democracy so he has let's put
it this way political opponents have
magically found wound up dead or very
clearly put in prison where the European
Court of Human Rights says they have no
business in prison you know put them in
prison because they dare to oppose you
politically reporters that wanted a
report on things magically wind up dead
diplomats that might know information
about the US election or other things
all dead so a lot of it would make no
mistake is the dictator of Russia and
most importantly oppresses his own
people
nonetheless he was edged out and so were
all these monstrous people by the winner
not only among the very few things he
has actually won it is Donald Trump so
look he's the Michael Jordan of jerks a
is an argument to be made for him
winning almost every year certainly when
he's been involved in politics but I
don't want to have the all the attention
around Roy Moore and Harvey Weinstein
etc and they very very justified have us
lose track of all the things that Donald
Trump is done because you know preying
on women check Donald Trump has already
done that that's what got Harvey
Weinstein drawing more on the list in a
lot of ways drumming up racial hatreds
that Roy Moore did check Donald Trump's
got that as well
and you go down the list of working with
a lot of air Putin check working with
Steve Bannon check check check
so he is the sum of all jerks I'll go
through a quick list but you can have
dozens and dozens of things on this list
he said that the rich would not get any
of the tax cuts 83% of tax cuts went to
the top one percent he was lying all
along and then laughed about it
afterwards at mar-a-lago declaring to
his rich friends you all just got richer
a scam or artist of the utmost degree he
reinstituted the swamp in Washington
filled his cabinet with cronies corrupt
old friends of his goldman sachs
appointees the financial industry all
the things he said he wouldn't do he did
exactly all of it and then a health care
bill so monstrous that it was going to
cost 33 million Americans to lose their
health insurance as it stands in the tax
cut they squeezed then killing off the
mandate which might puts 13 million
Americans with no health care insurance
anyway and he brags about it then you
had the Muslim ban you had two attacks
online against everyone including
constantly accusing women of bleeding
from different body parts this year he
did it to Mika Brzezinski about her
so-called facelift with
wasn't a facelift but it doesn't matter
it goes on just go on on any given day
and look at his Twitter account and see
the different people that he's bullying
I mean he is the definition of a jerk
and then you got calling Puerto Ricans
basically lazy after they were hit with
a hurricane instead of trying to support
them saying oh yeah they're not working
hard to help themselves and then on top
of that you've got the defense of the
neo-nazis and all right at the
Charlottesville rally where he said
there was quote some very fine people on
both sides I don't know a lot of very
fine neo-nazis but apparently Donald
Trump does that is one of the many
things he did maybe hundreds of things
he did this year that amply makes him
jerk of the year and one of the biggest
we've ever had if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash
joined get the whole younger so every
day
