the state of Alabama has officially
certified Doug Jones as the Senate
person who won the Senate race in the
state and Doug Jones is still being
challenged by Roy Moore which is
hilarious
the reason why it's hilarious is because
Roy Moore believes that he did not lose
he thinks that voter fraud was the
reason why Doug Jones won by a fairly
small margin 1.5 percent of the vote
now after late counted provisional and
military ballots were added to the total
Doug Jones defeated Republican nominee
Roy Moore by 20 1924 votes out of more
than 1.3 million cast so that is the
final number okay and Roy Moore is not
happy with that he doesn't believe that
it's true he thinks that it's all fraud
so he actually filed a lawsuit and urged
the state of Alabama to postpone the
certification so he filed this legal
complaint alleging election fraud and
asked the state to consider holding a
new election Montgomery Circuit Judge
Johnny Hardwick denied Moore's request
to stop the process Moore's campaign
argue that Alabama would quote suffer
irreparable harm if the election results
are certified without preserving and
investigating all the evidence of
potential fraud by the way his
allegations of fraud were investigated
and no fraud was found he's just like
Trump he just cannot handle the fact
that he's a loser and didn't win the
vote and when I talk about Trump I'm
talking about the popular vote obviously
okay so there's a bunch of parts of the
story that I love number one in order
for you to have context as to who
certified the election I want you to
know that it was Alabama governor kiv
who supported Roy Moore that said yes
this election results are absolutely
clear and real and Doug Jones's one
Attorney General Steve Marshall
Republican Secretary of State John
Merrow Republican they all certified the
election okay it was illegal immigrants
who were in the country that an Marxist
don't forget the Marxist all over
Alabama and and the Muslims
but somehow those three really hardcore
right-wing Republicans all agree that it
was a legitimate election and then when
you turn to John Merrow
Roy Moore says a fraud fraud and marrows
look great I'm a Republican I like to
pretend there's fraud
so we hate set up a whole website in
Alabama called stop voter fraud now.com
so you're supposed to go there and tell
us the cases you have a fraud and in the
legal complaint this is my second
favorite part of the story
they're like the tremendous rotor fraud
and they're like alright we'll show us
one instance not going to but this is a
legal complaint if you're ever going to
show evidence this is what you would
show it you're not talking to a reporter
you can say oh well you know that's
legal I'll get to you're suing them
saying there was fraud so where is it
the only thing that they could point to
was a guy on tape who said oh yeah you
know a lot of people are coming in to
help from out of state so Merrill who's
a Republican and can't wait to find
boater fraud so he can do voter
restrictions right goes and investigates
finds the guy and turns out he lives in
Alabama and has every right to vote and
didn't commit any fraud at all I mean
come it's just it's it's just it's
surprising that Trump didn't endorse Roy
Moore from the very beginning because
remember during the primaries he
endorsed Luther strange and then he
immediately regretted endorsing Luther
strange when Roy Moore won the primary
but the reason why I say it's surprising
that Trump didn't endorse him from the
very beginning is because he's almost
like a carbon copy of Trump won't take
personal responsibility even though
Republicans claim there's a party of
responsibility personal responsibility
and can't handle the fact that he lost
you lost in fact here's another part of
the story that I personally really
enjoyed there were people who didn't
want a Democrat they didn't want to vote
for a Democrat but they did cast a
protest vote and the way that they do
that is by writing in a candidate right
now according to the official numbers
twenty 2819 ballots were cast for
write-in candidates okay and a lot of
those people put Luther strange as that
candidate so just to go
back more lost by 20 1924 votes
and 22,000 819 ballots were cast in this
protest vote where they wrote people in
yep now look even if they hadn't done
right like D not every vote was for
Luther strange right more would Allah
say me but it doesn't matter right ends
are a hundred percent part of the
process and in sad day for him which
leads to my third favorite point about
this story in his legal complaint he
says well we these elections results
must not be true because I didn't do as
well as Republicans normally do in
Alabama oh you figured that out did you
Sherlock Hey of course gee I wonder why
I wonder why you didn't do as well as
other Republicans than however because
there were allegations of what a monster
you are and you're a lunatic who says
things like we should get rid of all of
the amendments after the Bill of Rights
including the ones that freed the slaves
and you say George Soros has some sort
of sexual political agenda and is going
to hell for being Jewish gee I wonder
why he's so you didn't get as many
Republican votes as people normally get
in Alabama and to cry about it with no
evidence the terrible but my favorite
good and that actually leads it
perfectly to number four so many good
parts of Roy Moore's Lawson and crying
in and by the way it's 70 he he looks a
little triggered so I hope the snowflake
is is not didn't have his feelings hurt
he cited in our number of election
analysts in his complaint yeah so James
kind of jr. one of the election analysts
who signed an affidavit on behalf of
Moore's campaign has written and spoken
about Zionist control of world politics
and alleged an Israeli role in September
11th 2001 terrorist attacks
sounds like he'd be a credible expert to
chime in on all this they put that guy
in as a like ho-ho
but we have an expert right so this guy
I mean on top of everything else deeply
anti-semitic bigoted race the list goes
on and on and on and then he has the
nerve to write in his complaint I don't
know I didn't get as many votes as
Republicans normally do if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
calm /join and once you do you'll be
saying genome like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm / joy
