an outspoken Trump supporter is filing a
sexual assault complaint against Trump's
former aide and in an individual who
helped with his campaign Corey
Lewandowski she claims that Corey
Lewandowski slapped her in the butt
twice during an event celebrating
Trump's first year in office her name is
joy via and you might be familiar of via
during the campaign when she wore a make
America great again dress and
essentially defended her decision to do
so on Instagram she's a singer of
Argentinian and Italian descent and
there is the dress that I was talking
about knows that the Grammys buy them
that was at the Grammys yes and she got
a lot of attention for that now I don't
know whether or not she's still
supportive of Trump that's not what this
story's about but it is about her filing
a complaint with Washington's
Metropolitan Police Department on
Christmas Eve in regard to the sexual
assault allegations against Corey
Lewandowski here's what she told the
press about the situation I'm wearing
this silver suit and stretchy pants and
after the photo he smacks my ass really
hard
it was completely demeaning and shocking
now they were posing for a photo
together she continues to say after vea
threatened to report him for sexual
harassment Lewandowski reportedly
replied go ahead I work in the private
sector and then at that point she
alleges that he smacked my ass again
so she initially didn't want to come
forward with these accusations because
she was worried about backlash from
Trump supporters however one of her
friends went public with what happened
and a lot of her friends were urging her
to report what what occurred and so
after that she decided to file charges
with the or file these accusations with
police every once in a while
conservative women are shocked and
chagrined to find out that assertive men
don't really respect them and and treat
them with the same way that they treat
guys so they would do this story a
little while ago about the alt-right
women who were shocked to find out that
that the men thought that they should
immediately be barefoot and pregnant and
one was getting criticism for not being
married and pregnant by the age of 23
and the others seemed like they were not
being respected for their actual talents
and ideas another one complained online
the other day that they were sending her
non-stop penis pictures really all right
guys
right wing guys sending you those kind
of picture is not nonstop I wouldn't
guess that okay now of course guys look
it's this is not strictly a conservative
thing I know course we've seen the
Harvey Weinstein's of the world we've
seen monsters of uh from all ends of the
political spectrum okay but Corey
Lewandowski is a guy who this is not
this first police charge from the
campaign from just the last couple of
years remember of course he faced
misdemeanor battery for what he did to a
right wing
female reporter from Breitbart from
Breitbart who which then caused a huge
rift at Breitbart she eventually left
there the charges were later dropped but
but it doesn't just because she
shouldn't be surprised by it doesn't
mean anything doesn't mean like so he
should have never done it and she's
pursuing charges good yeah I'm glad
she's pursuing charges and I know that
the backlash can be intimidating and
scary but you know regardless of who
you're filing these charges against it's
important to come forward and fight
because this type of behavior is
unacceptable now Corey Lewandowski was
asked about this situation on Fox
Business and here is his reply and his
way of trying to weasel himself out of
this situation or answering the question
take a look of course I'd like to have
your respondents to villus accusations
well Charles I think as someone who's
been through this you understand that
there is a due process and there is a
process which they will go through to
determine a person's innocence which I
think you've been through and you
understand it you respect it yeah I
think everyone understands and respects
in this but a lot of people are
wondering why someone who is so close to
president Trump as you are someone who's
been rooting for president Trump like
joy has what would motivate her what do
you think is motivating
with these accusations were see says she
has at least two witnesses you know
Charles that's a question for her I'm
not here to speak for joy what I am here
to do is to speak from me and what I am
going to do is to let the process play
forward just as you did when you're
accused of sexual harassment in your own
case
so Charles Payne has been accused of
sexual harassment by Scottie Nell Hughes
but he was cleared he was cleared yeah
and so of course now ski tries to
deflect by talking about Charles Payne
and what he went through but he didn't
deny the accusations in that interview
which I thought was interesting he just
kept talking about due process due
process so I thought that was telling so
let's just clarify a couple things
so I've defended a couple of Fox News
anchors on this before as I have ripped
into others that were guilty like Roger
Ailes the guy who ran Fox News Bill
O'Reilly who had all those settlements
for the sexual harassment that he did
but people will everyone someone throws
sean hannity in the mix and i got no
love for sean hannity i think he said
bad guys I think he's program is
terrible etc etc but no one's ever
accused him of anything so I think it's
totally unfair to lump him in with the
others
Charles Payton got accused but was
cleared and so and you know why Lew and
Lewandowski went on there just so he can
say as you know Charles he it wasn't an
accident that he picked that show dance
or the charges do right and it's kind of
a skeevy move and he puts Charles Payne
in a bad spot because he was cleared of
charges but it makes us seem like oh
yeah we're all innocent or we're all in
this together and pains like well I mean
she says she has two witnesses he's
doing the right thing there I might
disagree with Charles Payne on all this
stuff but he's asking the right
questions and so and look his reply
about a new process but everybody like
no one is saying you shouldn't get due
process of course I mean the these are a
criminal charges sexual assault should
Corey Lewandowski get due process of
course of course he should nobody's
saying lock him up without any due
process right but what Charles Payne a
fox business anchor there is asking you
is yeah that's fine you're gonna get due
process but did you do it
and and I guess he didn't want to answer
it but if he didn't then he probably
shouldn't have gone on the show
yeah totally agree well III think that
this is yet another example of a woman
being mistreated in a pro Trump
environment and so again like as you
said it's it shouldn't be that
surprising I mean their rhetoric is
reinforced by their actions and Cory
Lewandowski doesn't seem to be very
apologetic or remorseful for anything
that he's ever done if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network aam
/join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
