we hope you enjoyed this free clip of
aggressive progressives on The Young
Turks if you want to see more aggressive
progressives become a member today by
going to tea y-t-dot-com slash join
joining us now on aggressive
progressives former a young turks
reporter no michi cuz with an exciting
exclusive no michi welcome back hello
how you doing sister i'm doing great
it's a little rainy and cold today i
think we're done with summer but
otherwise it's it's election season you
can feel in the air yeah indeed which
leads us to my first question do we key
I hear you might have some exciting news
for us what would that be I do I do and
thank you for for giving me this space I
you may have been paying attention to
your politics in the last few months
there's been a lot of drama and
unexpected turns and wins we saw in the
primary just a couple of weeks ago that
current public advocate of New York City
won mean Democratic primary for attorney
general of New York and I was a
hard-fought win and it is likely that
she will be winning in the general this
is a complicated situation but I am
running to be the next public advocate
of New York City okay so a number of
questions since the current public
advocate is going to another office or
certainly Ronnie everyone yes so what
happens to this seat in this race is the
election in November how does it work
so right now the next election for
public advocate is for 2021
of course Letitia James the current
public advocate has to win in the fall
against a Republican the chances are
extraordinarily high that she will win
then you'll have the mayor called a
special election which could be any time
from the date that he announces that
special election within 45 days so
you'll you'll likely see that election
in the winter late winter maybe early
spring of next year so from now until
then and and maybe beyond I am running
for New York City Public Advocate to be
the next New York City public advocate
so likely that election it sounds like
will happen in
three to six months or so so there's
actually not much time and and that
makes sense that you would announce now
so for those of us not from New York
what in the world is a public advocate
do right well surprisingly as I've been
talking to people making phone calls
even some of the most astute political
forces and activists here in New York
City don't really understand what the
public advocate does and and that's
partially because the office is a little
bit confusing it was it was designed
after a Charter Commission you know
we're getting a little wonky here ninety
nine eighty-nine it was set up as a
separate position to to really represent
the public more to be a watchdog for the
city to be able to investigate to in
some cases be able to sue different
agencies through outside counsel the way
that I look at it and that I interpret
it is it is part investigative reporter
it's part watchdog and it's a little bit
ombudsman that's not the sexiest term
but you know we all know what an
ombudsman is they're you know they're
there to be representing the public to
put a check and balance on the city
government and possibly even highlight
some some things that are happening in
the state government when it affects the
city there's just so much agreement here
because first of all Ombudsman
disastrous word I get it and given that
your investigative reporter who did
Watchtower journalism it makes sense
that you would check the government in
other ways including from within so you
have a sense of the different areas that
you might look into or is that something
that you would do once you get into
office you know the way that I plan on
campaigning is doing whatever I can in
my power to highlight areas of the New
York City government that have been
mismanaged has been ignored I as you
know very well Jane because we've had
many conversations about this
I see conflicts of interests everywhere
and I smell them out and often times
conflicts of interest in government and
political institutions can lead to a
corruption that affects everyday working
people's lives and I don't
think that we're spending enough time on
that you see local reporting has really
suffered the effects of the economy in
over the last 10 or so years and it with
the you know those two things happening
simultaneously in New York City a lot of
corruption is not being exposed so I
will definitely bring my journalistic
skills to the campaign along the way to
help frankly separate myself from from
the pack because it will be a very
crowded field likely but I'm also
planning on doing that within the public
advocate's role there there is a budget
to do a lot it's what you do with the
budget the first public advocate mark
green who is a consumer advocate he you
know has nobly said that this office is
really what the person decides to do
with it and in a lot of cases people use
it as a stepping stone or you know in
our government here locally there's
there's several folks that are termed
out and they're looking for their next
option and opportunity and and that's
great and that's really you know what
campaigns and and you know these vibrant
campaigns in New York City are about I
think I offer something unique and I
plan to bring that along the campaign
trail as well yeah so if you wind up
winning by the way I they'll probably be
no bigger group of political office
holders that I've ever worked with
because I worked with mark green adair
America so I don't know maybe it's a
trend so but in your case you ran for
office in Arizona back in 2012 for a
congressional seat and you worked as a
reporter you worked as a talk show host
and and really well-known and
progressive circles as a progressive
champion so how do you position yourself
versus the other folks that will be
running who are more imagined to be more
politically well classic politicians so
for lack of a better way of putting it
do you think it's a politician that
might know the office better in a lot of
ways and might and they'll argue they
know the system better or better to have
an outsider I think for this position in
particular it is set up to be somebody
who is an independent who can put a
check on the City Council who can put a
check on the mayor's office and
other agencies who can push for the
public's agenda I don't really see
anybody more qualified to do that right
now
than myself I I did that whether it was
on the Commission I was appointed by
Bernie Sanders to do that with the
Democratic Party I mean I am NOT a DNC
member but I was on the Commission there
to check the Democratic Party and I
think you know if I I think I did a
decent job doing so you know we didn't
get all the things that we wanted but we
got pretty far and more reform than I
think the party has seen ever I plan to
do the same thing with the public
advocate's position you know there's a
lot of integration between the political
machinery the machinations in New York
City politics and the actual offices
because this is a democratic city for
the most part with exception for you
know a few districts in Staten Island
and a note sliver of Brooklyn for the
most part this is a city that is
controlled by Democratic politicians and
so you'll see a lot of folks who are
presenting themselves as the most
progressive I don't think there's gonna
be much question about my progressive
values and the issues that I represent I
am a TSA member I am a card-carrying
member who's been to the conventions I
was there reporting for The Young Turks
I mean you know many of the story is
that I I covered for the Young Turks
where the early days of the new TSA you
know that I would say new but the
growing DSA after Bernie got elected yep
I don't think anybody else really has
that right now their great great great
progressives in the City Council but
this isn't this is a position that
really should be independent and they
might understand the City Council more
because they've been there but the
public advocate's position has only been
held by four people and I think they
know the position more than anybody else
yeah and you could argue that you helped
to clean up New York politics from the
outside earlier in your coverage of it
and now you'd be able to do it from the
inside
we hope you enjoy this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to see more
Gerson progressives with exclusive
content all while supporting independent
media become a member today we're going
to tea y-t-dot-com
/ join in the meantime enjoy this free
clip of aggressive progressives
