Donald Trump signed the tax overhaul
into law which of course is a huge
handout in the form of tax cuts for
corporations and the top earners in the
country and in response AT&T said that
they're giving these thousand dollar
bonuses to its employees however News
has just struck that AT&T also plans on
laying off around 2,000 of their
employees in the new year so let me give
you some of these numbers that have just
been reported across the Midwest an
estimated 600 workers were notified they
were being laid off by the company on
December 16th a week before AT&T
announced it was doling out the $1,000
bonuses to 200,000 of its employees in
celebration of this tax overhaul the
post meetings in New York Post also
reported that a TMT has recently laid
off 215 high skilled technician jobs in
nine southern states and plans to fire
nearly 700 workers in Texas and Missouri
beginning in February so the reason why
this news is relevant is because the big
argument that major corporations like
AT&T made in favor of this tax overhaul
which again are just tax cuts was that
it will help them hire more employees it
means more job creation which is good
for the economy but in reality time and
time again what we see from these
corporations is that they're usually
willing to cut jobs as soon as they get
these huge tax breaks yeah I think the
most important quote is actually from
the CEO of AT&T Randall Stephenson
he said tax reform will drive economic
growth and create good-paying jobs
wrong again Randall and you knew that
that was wrong you just did that so you
can get rich and so you can get your
precious tax cuts and distribute it
mainly to yes obviously to some
shareholders which is normal but also to
yourself because if you hold shares in
AT&T
that's gonna come back to you obviously
you're gonna get huge bonuses etc from
this and what did you do did you beat
your copy
titian in in the market field no you
just captured the government and you
paid off and he and Randall Stephenson
has been paying off Republicans for
decades those are things that we call
now campaign contributions but what they
are is legalized bribery so you give
money to politicians and he gave to the
Trump in this last cycle he also gave
$34,000 through the Republicans in this
cycle but he's given for decades and
decades and decades the Republicans and
this is his payoff so he's gonna get
incredibly rich from this and he was the
laughed and laughed as he said oh we'll
create more jobs as he knew didn't make
this decision yesterday one of the
layoffs the damages told you about was
on December 16 as you knew you were
laying off workers all right that's
funny and then the Union went on strike
and forced you to give $1,000 per
employee then you went and turned that
around and said oh it's because of
Donald Trump I've decided to Matt out of
the goodness of my heart to give $1,000
per employee you got your hand caught in
the cookie jar when it was that was an
obvious lie because the negotiation had
been going on for over a year then now
AT&T says well I mean maybe we'll give
him another thousand dollars yeah and
maybe we'll trust you so I think I think
you're right in speculating that they're
lying about the bonuses because again
those bonuses were given out to the
employees because of the union fighting
on behalf of its employees and then
again as they got caught with their hand
in the cookie jar they said well maybe
we'll just add another thousand we'll
see how that goes but you know there
should be a follow-up to see whether or
not they follow through on that now we
reached out to AT&T to get a statement
from them in regard to these layoffs and
I want to read you the statement that
they did give us it's by marty richter
who is the AT&T corporate communications
person he says we're adding people in
many parts of our business that are
experiencing higher customer demand at
the same time technology improvements
are driving higher efficiencies and
there are some areas where demand for
our legacy services continues to decline
and we're adjusting our workforce in
some of those air
so I want to just quickly reply to that
so they're making the argument that
those who are getting laid off are the
individuals who work for the land line
component of AT&T and they're saying
well technological advances essentially
make their jobs antiquated but again
they are also laying off high skilled
technicians who live in southern states
high skilled technicians are obviously
still very relevant to the business but
they're laying them off as well so when
they say efficiencies that means you're
getting fired and look I don't I want to
be clear about this people get to run
their business any way they like and and
so and some of their parts of their
businesses our legacy are antiquated a
lot of people don't have landlines
anymore there's other parts of their
business that they need to suck up to
the government for and that's why
they're in the middle of you know being
very kind let's say to Donald Trump and
helping him with his propaganda with
false talking points why because they
want their merger approved with Time
Warner they wanted to kill net
neutrality and Donald Trump deliver the
head of the Internet on a stick for them
and they're thrilled about that they're
gonna make billions upon billions of
dollars based on that so there's a
reason why they're sucking up to the
government now and and of course the
giant tax cuts that they got so if you
want to say hey listen you know what I'm
I'm restructuring here and I can't keep
employing the people that used to set up
your landlines because there's just less
demand we get it we understand that but
you don't get to say at the same time
that you're creating jobs in order to
trick people into voting for your tax
cuts that you're gonna keep while you
fire people so it isn't the us getting
into the weeds of how to run your
business it's that we can't stand your
going out there and doing propaganda and
lies so you can take those cat tax cuts
and put it in your pocket while you fire
these people just be honest about it I
know that's too much to ask in this case
for multinational corporations so I want
to kind of look to the future and talk
about the ramifications of the
tax law and how it's going to affect the
country because the next thing that the
GOP wants to focus on in regard to
government programs is welfare reform
they've been very open and honest about
that and what does welfare reform mean
it means cuts to these programs that
we've paid into right cuts in in
programs that help the needy whether
it's food stamps just any type of
government assistance Medicare Medicaid
all that stuff now their argument is
going to be that hey our tax reform is
going to stimulate the economy and
create new jobs thus making some of
these welfare programs unnecessary so
the cuts makes sense but we know very
well based on case study after case
study that these corporations especially
after they merge by the way only lay
people off only cut jobs as much as
possible because they want to help their
bottom line so I think we're gonna lose
jobs and then Republicans are gonna pass
this welfare reform I think people are
gonna be in a lot of trouble and and I I
think it might take a while for us to
really notice those ramifications but I
have no doubt that they're coming look
do I have an issue with mergers and then
what will you you know consolidation
after merger it generally that's getting
in the weeds of other people's business
in the case of these giant giant media
companies well you know they keep
gobbling everything up at some point
it's a fair question asked about
monopolies and think this might be a
good point to ask that question and they
don't want you to ask that question
that's why they go and say oh Donald
Trump what a wonderful guy what a
wonderful wonderful guy now don't ask
him about our monopolies and make sure
you approve that merger and and so a
corporation doesn't care about you it
doesn't care if they take away your
Medicare and Social Security it actually
will lead to higher profits for them
because they redistributed the wealth to
themselves with these giant corporate
tax cuts so it's not gonna shed a tear
for you it's not a person it's a
corporation we programmed it to maximize
profit it will crush you and and then
then go on TV and tell you that it get
it for your sake so don't believe the
hype and
so what the thing that frustrates me
about this story is that when Trump says
anything everybody on cable news repeats
it a thousand times even if they point
out slight inaccuracies or large
inaccuracies but they say it over and
over and over again so almost everybody
in the country heard Oh a TNT is
wonderful because of the tax cuts
they're given a thousand dollars Oh
very few people heard the correction
that that was negotiated over a whole
year by the Union almost no one heard
that and almost no one is going to hear
that in fact they're firing people this
is exactly why we did the TYT
investigates series because then they're
not creating jobs it's one giant bowling
job they created is a con job and that's
what they're doing the American people
right now if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
