the time has come for voter ID like
everything else you know if you go out
and you want to buy groceries you need a
picture on a card you need ID what
that's not how groceries work yeah I'd
like to buy this Beefaroni no it's cool
I'm old enough Trump says that the time
has come for voter ID and in a sense
he's actually right Election Day is
coming up and seventeen states have
voter ID laws and he says they're
necessary because of this epidemic of
people voting illegally how many people
a lot they always like to say oh that's
a conspiracy theory not a conspiracy
theory folks millions and millions of
people whenever I got that number
unrelated question how much did you lose
the popular vote by millions and
millions of people got it so this
numbers cheesy and transparent and we
all know where it came from but other
politicians make similar claims of
in-person voter fraud and every time
those claims are debunked Florida's
perfectly aerodynamic governor said that
a hundred and eighty-two thousand
illegal aliens were trying to vote well
the courts investigated and they found
one missed it by that much nice try and
of course that number was off if you're
undocumented you're probably gonna want
to lay low and not flock by the
thousands to a federal government
installation in other states North
Carolina not a single charge in a decade
Indiana
literally never in its history and the
kicker from 2000 to 2014 they studied a
billion votes and they found 31 cases of
voter fraud in a billion people say like
that's like one in a million like it's
this rare occurrence this is one in 32
million which is the same chance as you
have of and this is the truth being
elected president and getting eaten by a
mountain line this kind of voter fraud
just does not happen we understand there
might be people who hear voter ID law
and say what's the big deal just get an
ID everyone has an ID and that's what I
thought at first but no if you're a
citizen the default setting is you have
the right to vote and if you think about
it all these new laws are just weird
it's like you were voting the same way
your whole life and suddenly someone
just shows up and says I'm sorry the
laws change now because of a threat we
have no evidence for now you're gonna
to go to the DMV or the federal building
but that's not nice federal building
yeah on second thought just kill me also
it's expensive documents required to
obtain them cost up to one hundred and
seventy five dollars and it's not like
other days without photo ID laws just
let you show up at vote a bunch of times
you need to say the right address
or match some personal information they
have on file but come on we're smarter
than that we know why these laws exist
to make it harder for certain people to
vote like young people in Texas they
accept state issued concealed carry
permits as voter ID but they don't
accept state issued student IDs they're
going after college kids other groups
least likely to have these IDs are poor
people black people Latinos and the
elderly the elderly sweet old ladies
they're sending data to the DMV how
she's gonna get there she can't drive
you're gonna have to explain over to her
she's gonna think she's getting abducted
in all nationwide one study says that
these laws disenfranchise 21 million
people 21 million but by even the most
conservative estimates and by
conservative I mean the super
conservative Heritage Foundation's own
numbers in one year the number of people
who suddenly can't vote is thousands and
thousands of times higher than the 31
cases of voter fraud found by courts in
almost a decade and a half and the
politicians can't even hide how happy
they are about their evil plan one
Wisconsin aide said GOP senators were
giddy that the law would keep Democrats
particularly minorities in Milwaukee
from voting and help them win at the
polls they were politically frothing at
the mouth he said so when you look at
all this voter fraud it just isn't a
thing voter ID laws now that's the fraud
send this video to people you know who
think the voter fraud is no big deal and
get exclusive content from TYT by
becoming a member at TYT dot-com /join
be happy to have you I'll make you some
Beefaroni because I'm you know alive on
the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at google play store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
