cameron Prescott is a six year old boy
who was shot last week during a deputy
shootout now this is a picture here of
Cameron and he is most likely the
youngest victim of a police shooting in
2017 but he's a very adorable six year
old boy who was tragically shot last
week now the shooting took place in
Schertz Texas now the sheriff Xavier
Salazar said that a deputy was
responding to a call about a stolen
vehicle when he found the suspect a
woman named Amanda Jones who was wanted
on two felony warrants he said the woman
appeared to be armed and threatened to
shoot the deputy
before she fled all right so now hours
later she made her way back to a mobile
home park she forced her way into one of
the homes it was Cameron's home and he
was inside with his grandfather and a
girl now apparently during the time that
she was in the mobile home she
threatened to steal their car she
thought and that she did have a gun
before she actually faced the deputies
now she went out and she threatened to
shoo them and appear to be holding
something resembling a handgun that's
when four deputies opened fire and
killed her and unfortunately one of the
deputies bullets also struck Cameron and
the deputy actually administered first
aid but was unable to save his life now
the four deputies who opened fire
actually placed on administrative leave
for five days and this is I mean this is
just a tragic and horrendous story that
Cameron was caught up in this now there
has been no handgun that was found on
site there was a pipe that was found
that resembled I guess what they're
saying resembled the handgun during the
shooting but nonetheless this is just a
horrendous tragedy one part of the story
says as a Friday officials had not
recovered a weapon I Got News for you
they're not going to recover why believe
me they look for one right away after
they shot and killed not only her but
with the kid that trying to find that
weapon would have been their number one
priority so there was no weapon so look
the result of this is as horrific as it
gets the what led up to it is not as
horrific as some other stories we've
seen but that is as low
you could possibly have so then you've
got people being shot in the back you
got people crawling on their knees being
shot in hotel hallways etc in this case
she at least said she had a weapon a
couple of times now the first time she
said she had a weapon she didn't and she
never fired it this time they never saw
a weapon she at least said it but most
importantly though we used to have
training in America where cops were
really careful freeze you're under
arrest put your hands up etc right and
part of the reason some jurisdictions
have stopped high-speed chases is
because it endangers innocent civilians
guess what also endanger innocent
civilians shooting a shootout right in
the middle of a residential area now if
you cared about the community more and
you taught the police to care about the
community more they would take a little
bit higher percentage chance to make
sure that their bullets didn't go in
other people's homes if you teach them
that their life is the most important
thing there is and the community's life
is a much lower priority well it might
or might not be a gun let's just do a
hail of bullets and see what happens
well hail bullets in this case killed
someone with no weapon and a six year
old boy that's why we tell you do police
training where we prioritize the
community and by that I mean all of our
communities all of our communities as
opposed to at all costs just protect
yourself so when you say all communities
that's what immediately ghost in my head
is that this happened at a trailer park
and that people who are of lower income
who live in lower-income neighborhoods
are more subject to these types of
tragedies and I grew up in one of those
neighborhoods and I know that when the
police comes through you get flat that's
what they say get on the floor until it
passes because you can catch a bullet
but I do think that in this day when all
of the things that are happening and the
police constantly stays under fire
because of we keep we keep attacking you
know the police and I'm not talking
about you but I'm saying when it comes
to a lot of the issues with race but we
don't
we it's a systemic issue right and the
police just happens to be they they
happen to be the guys executing the I
get really pissed off okay so the cops
are doing their dirt but because the
system is in place they continue to do
their dirt but the system is working
against us and these cops who don't make
a lot of money are not being properly
trained are going out into these
neighborhoods that they don't feel
comfortable in and people die so I am
NOT anti police but I am pro police
what's the word Jake I want the police
to get better accountability well yeah
countability and I think you make a
really good point right no I don't think
I mean there of course there are some
people that are anti police but I don't
think what we're saying here is anti
police right I think what we're saying
here is that we want the police force to
be better trained and the police force
should be on board with that as well
they shouldn't be put in a situation
where for deputies are firing at one
woman who doesn't even have a gun you
know what I mean of course there's gonna
be a stray bullet that can cause damage
so that's one issue that I think that we
should have been addressed prior to this
sort of tragedy I think another issue is
we need to start being able to recognize
guns you know what I mean there's so
many of these situations where police
you know assume something is a gun and
it's a cigarette pack or it's a hair
comb or whatever it may be this woman
was holding a pipe and I understand that
safety comes first and sometimes you're
not able to tell what it is but if she's
brandishing a pipe you should be able to
see that that's not a handgun with the
way that she's holding it and other sort
of mechanisms that come into play I
think the third issue here is their
shooting accuracy you know what I mean
if they're shooting at one woman at a
specific target how was there a stray
bullet how was there stray bullet that
ricocheted and went into it the mobile
home I mean and we say that like you
know with the argument for for you know
open carry and for having more guns it's
like oh if there's like a bad guy you
know we'll be able to stop him with our
gun we'll be able to know even the
trained officials in our country cannot
even hit at one target
yeah yeah look it's there but that's
what you happens when you have a barrage
of bullets you shouldn't be that's why
you shouldn't do a barrage of bullets
and so look that's why I keep
emphasizing the training is it hard to
distinguish a gun from other things I
guess I get it so but that's not the I
to me that's not the issue I think what
the issue is if you haven't seen a gun
don't shoot is what I would tell them
but that is not what they're being told
if you think there's any chance there's
a gun shoot when the guy in the hallway
there the 26 year old white guy who was
killed in the hallway that was begging
for his life yeah he was in shorts and a
t-shirt a rifle had been reported turned
out it wasn't really a rifle but there
was no rifle there was no gun and he
went to pull up his shorts as he was
crawling on the ground and they shot him
anyway and in this case there's no gun
this thing afterwards they're like there
was some Brown objects somewhere nearby
no you never saw a gun and that's cuz
you were trained don't bother looking
for the gun if you see the gun it's too
late
just shoot and kill the other person
first I don't want my cops trained that
way and I just write look yes the cops
are the tip of the spear so they're
getting the most heat it's the system
that's the problem and by the way to
give cops a not credit but to understand
a little bit more and I've said this a
million times on the show now everyone's
got a gun so that's part of why cops are
jittery and and to Hannah's point the
right wing tells us oh it'll make
everyone safer
do we look safer no all the cops are on
on razor's edge because they think and
rightfully so that almost every American
has a gun so they're like over I'm not
taking any chances I'm just gonna kill
people and so now when a six-year-old
dies we're broken up over it and we
should be but the real problem is in the
system yeah it shouldn't take a white
man a little boy a woman to get killed
for there to be a call for reform for
the police and that's that's the issue
because when people say all these black
might was a criminal or Trayvon was a
criminal it shouldn't take in trade mom
wasn't murdered by the cops
but it shouldn't take a white man a
father we it shouldn't even it should
this shouldn't even be the conversation
the conversation is that citizens are
dying at the hands of law enforcement
because there is a deficiency in the
system and it needs to be addressed and
everybody should be concerned about it
it shouldn't matter to you only when
your group is affected if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm / join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
