it's funny that we didn't talk about
this on the show mm-hmm because it's
impossible to know but we should discuss
so do we what do we think did it happen
who's right who's wrong now you might
think wait isn't that obvious
not exactly okay so after watching all
the testimony with my own eyes like like
John Kennedy would do like squinting
real hard to see who was telling the
truth I'm positive that that as almost
everybody is so I'm not saying anything
revolutionary that Christian Blasi Ford
is telling the truth and that happened
to her
and so then when when Cavanaugh came out
guns blazing I paused right because I
really I do have an eye I like to think
I have an open mind and I know I know
for a fact that I was as I was watching
and I had an open mind and thought man
he's really emotional and in a way that
I probably would react myself so I
empathize with that and his reputation
is definitely ruined no question about
that even if he gets confirmed
immediately it's 60% of the country is
gonna think he did it okay and so I
empathize with that and I thought is
there a chance that that they're both
right that shaken identity the mistaken
identity right she says she's a hundred
percent of certain but of course we
can't be a hundred percent certain that
she's right and if I was on a jury
you'd have to acquit I think so not
because he's innocent but because it's
not proof beyond a reasonable doubt
right but do I think he did it yes I do
think he did it I don't think that that
necessarily means that he kept on doing
it like Lindsey Graham's thesis was no
all the people who do something like
this to her for the rest
that lives like Bill Cosby they don't
stop after two years
no people grow up and so I believe that
the other woman had positive experiences
with them I also believe that it could
be likely that there are other victims
that are terrified to come forward
because I know I would be they know that
I certainly want to be I would not want
to be in the middle of that mess
if I were victimized by him and I'm just
being honest I'm I'm giving you guys my
real perspective and I feel like I'm
almost embarrassed to say it to be
honest because I feel like it's
important to come forward but if I were
in the position of someone who was also
victimized by Brett Kavanaugh would I
come forward right now absolutely not I
would live with that in secrecy for the
rest of my life because I wouldn't put
my family through that
I wouldn't put myself through that the
way that they have treated her you know
Blasi Ford it's terrifying
yeah it's ruined her life it's ruined
her life she can't for the moment being
she can't even go back to her own house
yeah the house that she put the two
front doors on to be able to escape so I
hear you on that did you get that email
yesterday from a viewer I don't know if
I did yes I did okay and that and I
talked about it earlier the viewer and
I'm definitely not gonna give the name
etc and talked about why people don't
come forward because when she did her
parents blamed her yeah and and that
happens all the time and back in the day
use happened way more it's a little
better today maybe arguably a lot better
but but still you know deeply troubling
and a woman I talked to today said look
there's one word you talked about how
one of the reasons that people don't
come forward is it's embarrassing
she said that's true but there's another
word you should keep in mind shame yeah
and and that's the most powerful of all
and that's what's used as a weapon
against women and and and honestly they
you know they'd be a lot of folks
internalize it
they shouldn't they shouldn't that's why
these conversations are so important is
now they might do so less yeah that's
how we change the culture but that's
it's really powerful and that's what
happened and and so anyway my personal
guess as to what happened between those
folks is that the some things are clear
Cavanaugh was not a choirboy
you know he might have gone to church
every Sunday like he says he might have
come from a religious family but every
witness says he drank to excess was one
of the guys who partied the hardest had
his crew his boys they didn't at the
time they did not treat women
respectfully so that seems absolutely
clear so when he comes and he goes Oh
golly gee you know I've treated every
woman with respect et cetera it rings
very false and then it makes me question
him even more so at the end of the day
was this someone else or was a Kavanagh
I believed her that it did it was
Kavanagh and that she is certain and
given how often Cavanaugh has lied and
that renata thing that I partly gave him
credit for for being remorseful mm-hmm
in his opening statement the girl that
they picked on and said that they had
all been with in essence in the yearbook
the fact that he continued to lie and
say it was not sexual it's just a all 14
of us respected her so much that we
talked about her in the yearbook I'm
like now this guy's a trained liar yeah
and so whatever he might have been after
college at the time it appears that he
would be the kind of guy who would do
that and you say that's a rough thing to
say about someone but his own college
roommate freshman year says no that's
exactly the kind of guy he was
and now he says he didn't see Kavanagh
doing those things but he wouldn't be at
all surprised other people say the heart
you know not just a drinking but the
disrespectful nature of how they treated
women overall trying to get them alone
the spiking of the alcohol
now there's a lot of and some of it
might be true some of it not exactly
right etc but if you're asking my
opinion of what happened and that's not
as nearly as important as the FBI doing
an investigation it's not how you should
vote you should vote it based on you
know your convictions about if this is
the right person to be on the court etc
but we all have our personal opinions
and at the end of the day if if I had to
guess I would guess he did it yeah I
agree
and one of the major things that's
making me think this way is the fact
that he has an opportunity to possibly
clear his name once and for all and he
keeps rejecting that opportunity yeah
you're right and I just can't get past
it if it was me and I'm in that
righteous anger and they accuse me of it
I don't care what Grassley says or what
Trump's strategy is I'd say no no I want
you to go and find everyone you can cuz
god damn it I didn't do it and I think
that the way that I would have testified
and it's impossible to know of course
but is is that I would have come out and
go look I listened to her testimony and
I believed her and I and it's I you know
it's a heartbreaking situation because
she went through that but I swear to god
it wasn't me now I'm throwing my hands
up and asking you guys how do I prove
it's not me yeah because it wasn't me it
must have been someone else because he
doesn't seem like she's lying right so
for God's sake let's work together to
figure out who how we prove that it
wasn't me what do I need to show you
guys because I cannot go to the Supreme
Court or not go on the Supreme Court go
back home and have my god hundreds of
millions of people think that I
attempted rape I can't have it right
what do I gotta do to prove it wasn't me
I think that's how I would react
I know I would react that way because I
would be obsessed with proving my
innocence and proving that I did not do
anything wrong because regardless
regardless of how the confirmation goes
I'd have to go home and live with myself
at the end of the day and knowing that
there are people around me who think
there's a possibility that I possibly
committed something that's a criminal
act I wouldn't be able to live with that
I just wouldn't yeah and at that point I
wouldn't care
what your political ramifications are
and calculations are because this is my
life yes people are neither gonna think
I'm a rapist or or I'm not so I'm swear
to god I'm not saying based on politics
or anything else and now it doesn't
matter there is no politics because the
FBI investigation would be maximum
according to Democrats a week
well-well-well before the election they
would have plenty of time to investigate
and a vote so it isn't about politics
that's now definitive bu you might have
said it before you can't say it now so
the fact that he really doesn't want an
FBI investigation
I think that's dispositive I think
that's the thing that puts me over the
top and says yeah if you put a gun in my
head and said who do you think did it
did it to dr. Blasio I would say
Cavanaugh
two easy ways follow young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
