I want to talk about one there's so many
wonderful progressive candidates to the
country I'm so proud of but one in
particular that we introduced to you
guys on the show Alison Hartson so she
was a teacher and then got into took a
pay cut to get to fight money in
politics join wolf pack's and eventually
we got promoted national director where
she was still making way less than she
would have as a teacher anyway she
started decided to run against Dianne
Feinstein Dianne Feinstein is one of the
biggest Democratic establishment figures
in the country people said no chance
there's no way so want to show you two
of her tweets from yesterday
she writes grateful and motivated by the
6,000 plus individuals who have donated
to my campaign making us the largest
funded and supported campaign for
California US Senate to date and without
any corporate money help us reach our
next goal by December 31st and then
she's got her page there in fact I'll
give you that in a second but look at
the second part of this so she shows the
screen grab from act blue so let's go to
that November act blue disbursements for
California Senate Kennedy show early
support for progressive challenger -
Dianne Feinstein Alison hearts it at a
hundred and eighty one thousand dollars
by sign only at seventy one thousand
dollars it warms my code dead heart and
then another guy who's a local
politician that everybody's like well
he's a politician so he's gonna do great
and I look like it Wow
so now it's if this is act blue so to
give you full context doesn't mean that
those are small donors so Alison is
crushing Feinstein among small donors
and 6,000 plus donors I don't know
Feinstein's got as many as six thousand
donors this quickly in the race
Feinstein hat overall has more money why
she's got giant donors she's got defense
contractor donors she's got all those
kind of multinational corporations of
super PACs supporting her but the small
donors making a huge difference so keep
it going
December 31st is really important so
let's keep on beating them just as
Democrats calm / Allison is where you
can donate by the way if you want to
volunteer that's awesome
Allison horse and complex volunteer but
can I see just Democrats I'm calm /
Allison here I want to see where we are
today
a hundred and eighty-seven thousand
eight that's can I see two hundred
thousand can I see two hundred thousand
let's try to make that happen let's
scare the bejesus out of the
establishment and I'd say it's like
almost like matching donations because
if that becomes the narrative that small
donors are out giving for Allison over
Diane then that can be the narrative and
that can become the story to create even
more PR for her to build momentum
forever yep and then one last thing I
would change real quick or check on real
quick because yesterday on rebel
headquarters I had Mike Mineta and
national director for a Wolfpack and
we're trying to raise donors for hiring
a new guy John who whose nickname is the
closer what are you gonna do not not
hire the closer that we can't close so
he might told me that actually a lot of
guys did sign up yesterday in the middle
of rebel headquarters but it turns out
they have a process that's like slow to
register them so I just wanted to see
where we are with it they're trying to
get to 250 by the end of the year a
hundred and seventy four because
yesterday 147
you guys are awesome you're phenomenal
so let's keep it going let's try to get
to 250 by then in the year we only have
about a week left let's hire John and
make sure that they're fighting in all
the states thank you guys
