the Republicans push the tax bill
through the legislative process but
there is still drama going on between
the establishment wing of the
Republicans and the Banat wing of the
Bandon wing of the Republicans today
Mitch McConnell made a statement when
asked about the effect of bannon's
brilliance on the Republican Senate
campaign in Alabama those are the two
sides and here's what Mitch McConnell
had to say do you believe do you blame
Steve in Alabama well let me just say
this the political genius on display
throwing away a seat in a red state in
America it's hard to ignore that I mean
he knows he's got a good one we did a
modified version of that clip let's take
a look at the response of Mitch
McConnell to Mitch McConnell and he's
done with that burn take a look the
political genius on display throwing
away a seat in a red state in America
it's hard to ignore slow its burn of a
burn what do you take away from that
that statement so I take awake a couple
of things but one is he had the line
teed up
he just had to remember it no that's why
he paused the beginning is that let me
just say they all right and he was so
proud of him so that's as much joy as
Mitch McAuliffe is like is there's not
much joy left in Mitch McConnell's heart
that's gonna last him for a decade so
now on to the substance look you know I
think so so I said this during the
election
somebody did Oppo research on Roy Moore
of course right and so that when the
Republicans were saying oh why right
before the election
yeah right before the lecture you can
somebody tada poor research and Rory
Moore and I had always assumed that it
was the Democrats because they didn't
release it during the primaries when it
could have helped the Republican Luther
strange they released it and Wiley
released it I don't mean the press the
press didn't like they go and give it to
the press the press does independent
work as project Veritas the clowns
conservative right-wing clowns found out
turns out if you give them nonsense as
they tried with Washington Post or like
yeah no that's not true
we tried to check it in it isn't true so
you give them true stuff the press then
does their own research they don't know
but it's it's a thing called opposition
research in politics it exists but they
Mitch McConnell hate Steve Bannon and
his wing so much I think there's even
some chance that the establishment
Republicans of the Oppo research and
Bert knowing that they already have 51
votes and that's all they need for the
tax cuts that that maybe just maybe it's
just speculation that he might have
buried ROI more to send a message not
just to see Bannon but to anyone who
would dare try to take it on an
establishment Republican so they could
say from now to forever
hey remember Roy Moore remember when you
try to take on what the incumbents of
the establishment told you about there's
a heavy price to pay so don't ever do
that again I think this moment
definitely is that this moment is like
oh you thought you're pretty smart
didn't you Bannon all the stuff that we
were doing saying can we please have
Luther strange someone who already got
favors in order to be the chosen son
eval of the establishment when it comes
to Alabama politics we'd you go with us
you went against us and see what
happened you just pissed away the bigot
you ran up it was a c'mon man moment you
were about to dunk the basketball
and you just beefed it off the back of
the rim and this is this is Mitch
McConnell saying you got you messed up
yeah early of us give us back the mantle
of the Republican Party we just passed
cuts if you've used Bennett as someone
who's taking that mantle right and a
Jencks notion that it could be in a
sense this underhanded way that you lay
the foundation to make that point is a
really cool one I have not it not really
occurred to me but clearly the the
beatdown moment we just saw which is hey
Bannon
you know go do your Breitbart this
is you're out of your league so what
about where do the worst Trump come down
on all this because we can go to graphic
number four for this this is a when it
comes down to all the things that the
demo2 face in the coming year Mitch
McConnell says the White House will be
in the same place I am when it comes to
all the the impending legislative
challenges that they say that they face
so no no McConnell for the moment being
has won a resounding victory
so Bannon was a total epic fail in
Alabama then McConnell helps to get the
tax cuts passed now you might say look
man anybody with Rory more with a loss
but hey that's why you shouldn't run Roy
Moore you knucklehead
Steve Bannon and you could say hey
anyone could get the tax cuts passed if
you've got 52 Republicans right now well
that's true
they're all beholding their donors but
nonetheless that is what their
appearance is and what is Trump like he
likes winners and they told him in the
back Luther strange he did and now he
lost so Roy Moore but they said to him
don't back Roy Moore that's a loser
Bannack convinced him to back Roy Moore
oops now Trump's the ego Steve Bennett
and he's not winning anymore he's not
winning anymore Meccano
and he just tweeted McConnell's doing a
fantastic job named McConnell was
kidding around saying I'm starting to
warm up to Donald Trump's to each and
then he's got a joy for 10 years anyway
so McConnell is definitely right and one
last quote from an insider they
explained and you could tell us a Trump
insider because they say
the best decision Donald Trump made was
firing James Comey and I was like really
deep Trump insider but the second best
decision he ever did was getting rid of
Steve Bennett I was like damn if guys
that are that loyal to Trump are that
turned on Steve Bannon
he's in a world of hurt who knows what
bannon's gonna do cuz Trump can just
kind of Stoke the pace in the background
and then do all of his legislative
accomplishments of which I'm talking
about the only legislative
accomplishment he has is is it's gotta
piss off Steve Bannon if you look at
what's Bannon stands for it is 100
percent in the service of everyone
around him in Washington and that is the
McConnell wing that's the only way that
Trump has seen a victory however the
victory that Trump won to win the White
House was thanks in large part to Steve
Bannon and Trump the winner of the
election is Steve bannon's guy and not
Mitch McConnell's guy McConnell would
have chosen somebody else two points one
is that he is metouch with Steve Ben and
now it's Steve Benton's star may be
fading as Jenk say I mean he's he's not
winning lately but still a lot of the
Steve ban and ethic and philosophy is
being played out I mean you see the
dismantling of government we're gonna
get to the EPI story I think a little
bit you're gonna see and you're seeing
it at state you know at the State
Department that you're where we're
positions go unfilled this is not an
accident this is all that's the Steve
Bannon is really the architect of a lot
of that so I still think you see the
fingerprints of Steve banning on a lot
of stuff in this administration so
you're right mark and everybody knows
Trump's a petulant child so he might in
a moment of peak turn back around
towards Steve Ben and he might do that
12 different times go back and forth
back and forth
but I want you to understand that what's
more important which is the underlying
dynamic in in American politics which is
if you want a little election be
populist and and actually be progressive
and Steve Bannon knew that so one of the
things that he pushed for was to get rid
of the hedge fund loophole right of on
carried interest and and he told Trump
to run against the banks that was
actually smart that's why you know
I say all the time Steve ban is a
terrible guy in a thousand different
ways especially on the issues of race
and ethnicity but it's not a dummy and
he said Trump go do this appear to be
progressive so we can win right and they
did and and by the way Mitch McConnell
knows the same thing in his own election
in Kentucky in the last two weeks
he ran non-stop ads in favor of the
health care system down there known as
kynect you know what that is Obamacare
so Mitch McConnell ran out Obamacare for
his own election you want to get the and
what a Trump say during election I'm
never gonna touch Social Security
Medicare or Medicaid that wasn't true
he's gonna go after the banks that I'm
gonna protect you none of it was true
but when you when those guys who run
those campaigns the minute they win the
campaign's they no longer care about the
voters cuz the whole point was to trick
the voters now they have to serve the
people who gave them the money to trick
the voters and that's the donors so then
it is not as surprised it's not out of
the ordinary that after the election the
establishment settles back in with even
with a guy like Trump Bannon is kicked
out mikanos back in charge and what
happens to that hudge hedge fund
loophole they don't take it away and in
fact they increase the loopholes for the
rich and for corporations and if Bannon
is saying don't do that well he's got to
go because the rich got to get Richard
to that point one item according to this
report is a that a McConnell set is
almost certain to act on is a bipartisan
bill easing regulations on small and
medium-sized banks imposed under the
2010 dodd-frank financial oversight law
the bill which passed the Senate Banking
Committee this month has 12 Democratic
co-sponsors that's so two priorities in
the House Paul Ryan says we're gonna cut
Medicare Social Security and Medicaid
and in the Senate McConnell says that's
this next top priority is to help the
banks to help the banks and to my point
about the donor class always wins no
matter what 12 Democrats have already
signed on to it exactly cuz they've got
the same donors you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
