hey everybody let's take a moment for
the vietnamese bachelor show you don't
watch it you don't know about it you're
too focused on the Laotian bachelor show
that makes total sense Cambodian
bachelor shows far more superior
typically but this season on the
Vietnamese bachelor something crazy
happened take a look today they've been
elderman anything not home for I laugh
Hey
yeah yeah yeah
to bachelor at I guess left together
this is more shocking than the raccoon
video she need to see also watch the
main I'm sorry the cylinder this is but
uh yeah this is more shocking the
raccoon video that's fake is anything on
The Bachelor real yes love
oh just love yeah yeah every time I
watch it's just love yeah I think it's
real I think it's gotta be right like at
least I don't know I don't know I can
tell people who are speaking English if
they like really mean it yes but people
who are speaking Vietnamese I can
honestly say that's a handicap on my
ability to really determine what the
words are they're saying it's pretty
cool though I mean that it's a nice
twist to the show yeah they left
together they went off on their own yeah
okay I went into this competition to
find love food told you in well don't
just skip that no I want to go there let
me try this okay mean well thrown it's
no way that's right you know what I'm
surprised doesn't happen more often now
that you're saying we're seeing this
because you imprisons women are more
fluid it seems and they you know they're
stuck in this house for months you know
kind of like prison is that true about
yes you said about prison hundred
percent that they're more fluid it don't
ask me to back this up just telling you
this is a fact I hear this about men in
prison though little bit let women are
more like apt to like have relationships
in prison than men I've no no evidence
to back that up
fair enough that's not what this show is
for it's not for evidence but she but
you are comparing The Bachelor show to
risen yes absolutely that I will stand
by so it's a prison yes with alcohol and
copters and love and love and actual
loves as you watch The Bachelor in
America yes and the bachelor in paradise
I also watch which you prefer ah I like
paradise better this year so what
happened this year that makes you like
it there's a lot of drama a lot of love
a lot of hookups a lot of lot of Tears I
like when they cry that's like my
favorite part when they're very upset so
the bachelor in paradise
don't watch I've watched The Bachelor
the bachelor in paradise is like listen
that's what I thought but just give it a
try is it do they ever find love oh yeah
two of them I think are getting married
that's a better record than the reason
yes
the batch of Paradise is more successful
the actual show this year what do they
do do it which is a format it's just
there on a beach they at this house and
a lot of crabs around and then they go
on dates and their women get a date card
or a guy gets teh car and they pick a
person to go on a date with and the
people on the beach are constantly
together it's like The Bachelor but
they're always together but they all
have intercourse oh yes yes
and that's fine that's totally fine yeah
good god I have to watch that yeah oh
well I love you yeah all right cool
watch him subscribe to his Instagram
follow him on Instagram we haven't been
drinking I feel drunk we supposed to
drink coke on the shower that's right
and ice chose water that was lamby
it's not lame no skip likes it skip
likes it when it's was he's a Steelers
fan skip likes it when there's water
because it's like you don't have to
drink to have a good time that's right
absolutely that's right and I got to
drive after - no that's good I've been
hurting like in an area of her I don't I
like I literally googled like where's
your liver see if it matched up with a
be sure to change the theme of the show
just for your liver just for like a week
I got it it's just
hey you thanks for watching this free
clip of the happy half-hour you want
more you gotta become a TYT member today
and you get way more exclusive content
and you can do that by joining now at
TYT calm slash join and then and then
we'll hang out all the time
