the protests during donald trump's
inauguration earlier this year ended
with hundreds of people being rounded up
in mass by the police and they were
charged with rioting related offenses
and very early on in the legal process
that followed it became clear that the
police had basically no evidence no
ability to point to a particular person
and say what it is that they believed
they actually did but despite that we
have been waiting to find out what's
gonna happen once judges actually start
ruling on all these people it's
literally hundreds of people waiting
around to find out what their legal fate
would be now we have some good news for
the first six individuals at the very
least the six defendants that face seven
charges each the jury returned 42
separate not guilty verdicts according
to my math that's all of them now
hundreds more faced similar charges but
at least those six people did get off
for all of the felony rioting related
charges that they were facing a brief
description there was conspiracy to riot
engaging in a riot five counts of
criminal property destruction and all of
that came out despite the government's
acknowledgment that it didn't have any
evidence that those six people had done
anything they just know that the crowd
did things and these people had been a
part of the crowd turns out that might
not be good enough to actually send
someone to jail so number of things
arise out of this so first let me
acknowledge that if you're the cops and
a bunch of people threw stones through
windows and caused not only property
damage but you know endangered people
but they're all wearing masks I can
understand why you'd be frustrated yeah
I get that right but you can't arrest a
random six people and say yeah I don't
know that it was you but you're wearing
a mask so I'm just gonna put you in jail
that's not how our system works so
that's unfortunately one of the
downsides but it's a tiny little issue
right minuscule issue there aren't a lot
of situations where there's hundreds of
people in mass that's getting more
common yeah so now but so that's the
most defensible part and that's
indefensible and that's why they were
acquitted
yeah the defense lawyer argued that
protesters have the right to protect
their identity from extremists so I'm
gonna get back to that in a second
because that sounds interesting another
thing the defense says is what if you're
at a football game and everybody's
wearing the same jerseys and you saw a
guy in a jersey punch someone you arrest
them
Jersey's no just six of them
that's the obviously but now let's move
the second layer they also arrested
reporters and medics and other people
that happen to be in the area
they haven't even tried them yet and
they're not going to because this they
felt they the most evidence on this six
that's why they started with these yes
that means everybody else is gonna be
let go there's no way they're gonna
prosecute a journalist that was in the
area or a legal advocate that was in the
area if they couldn't even get the guys
in the mass right but wait what if he
found out that they did have some video
okay and that that video with evidence
on it had been captured by project
Veritas and given to federal prosecutors
come on you rely on James o keeffe's
edited doctored propaganda video and of
course that's why you were laughed out
of a courtroom you gotta be embarrassed
to bring this stuff forward that it
didn't prove anything yeah so now look a
lot the prosecutors here man and the
whole thing is deeply embarrassing one
of them said you can be a journalist and
riot you can be a medic and riot I
suppose theoretically but then that
journalist or that medic riot do you
have any evidence of it I don't but if
theoretically could happen they tell us
not a great way to win a case yeah it's
not common anyway yeah so it's
preposterous
now back to the protecting their
identity the Republicans make the case
that they should be allowed to do dark
money contributions because this really
important to the First Amendment rights
of a lot of times corporations to be
able to give in secret to politicians so
protecting their identity is apparently
a First Amendment issue when they're not
even talking they're not protesting
they're not you know addressing
grievances or or any of that stuff they
are giving money they're giving cash
right that apparently is the right to
protect your identity but if you're
actually speaking and you're a human
being and you're protesting you're not
allowed to protect your identity
according to federal authorities well
money is speech but speech I don't know
if it's speech but that's literally what
they're saying
it's and and and corporations are people
but I don't know people are actually
people okay like here's the problem so
we end up having to have a discussion
about whether they should be have to
disclose the corporation's have to
disclose their donations but I'm sitting
here and maybe you're sitting at home I
don't know why they can donate a single
dollar in the first place it's gotta in
corporations made up of people they can
donate why can a corporation donate to a
politician ever under any circumstances
of course they know you can already
donate and if you allow them to donate
what do you think they're donating for
for charity know there are a corporation
there not a person the corporation only
mission is to maximize profit they are
donating to our representatives to
maximize their profit and then people
like Mitt Romney who say corporations
are people my friend because there are
people inside the corporation but his
job was not great then they should do
the donation yeah and that should be
tapped you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
