yesterday the Trump administration put
out their national security strategy
document it's a sixty five page document
I've actually got a copy of it right
here and this is outlining their
national security priorities having to
do with everything including the
possibility of large-scale international
war cybercrime bioterrorism a number of
different things even gets into tax
policy that's how they define security
and so the weird thing that worries me
as a progressive who cares about the
environment
is that in this whole big thing all this
discussion about the different threats
that we face as a country you literally
cannot find the terms climate change or
global warming they don't exist inside
of that document and we know the state
of the world we know what's coming in
the next few years in the next few
decades and so that seems like a bit of
a hole and so let's talk about where
they get into territory where a rational
administration would talk about climate
change instead they have references to
things like this US leadership is
indispensable to countering an anti
growth energy agenda that is detrimental
to US economic and energy security
interests what is an anti growth energy
agenda that is things like the Paris
climate Accords that want countries
around the world to band together and
make small changes to the way they
generate energy the way they run their
economy to maintain the security of our
entire country and civilization and
they're gonna be against that they go on
to say this given future global energy
demand much of the developing world will
require fossil fuels as well as other
forms of energy to power their economies
and lift their people out of poverty so
no we're not going to be aiding in other
countries you know switching to
renewable energy or anything like that
that will not be a priority and then
back here access to domestic sources of
clean affordable and reliable energy
underpins a prosperous secure and
powerful America for decades to come and
that part I agree with which is why we
should switch over to renewable forms of
energy like solar and wind geothermal
wave energy all of those things but
that's not what they're talking about
they're they're talking about natural
gas clean coal and oil so what's more
disturbing than the fact that climate
change doesn't exist
that document John is that he used to
sew including all the way up to defense
secretary general mattis Mad Dog Madison
i'ma change is a security threat that
the Department of Defense should take
seriously but now that he's the head of
the Department of Defense Trump has told
him no we serve our oil company donors
well yeah J he technically said that but
he said that a long time ago back during
his confirmation hearings at the
beginning of this year he said
specifically the climate change is
impacting stability in areas of the
world where our troops are operating
today that's one of the reasons why the
Pentagon needs to be concerned about it
that it is a threat multiplier it makes
already unstable and uncertain in
dangerous situations far worse and and
in fact there's actually a really
interesting theory about how one of the
factors that caused the Syrian civil war
was drought and it was the move the mass
movements that unsettled the government
now it's not the only reason for that
war of course a confluence of events but
that is why the Defense Department until
Trump started to do political
correctness and propaganda for the
benefit of his donors and not for the
benefit of our national security started
going in there and and mangling our
national security interests until then
the Defense Department depending on
recognize that these were serious issues
and thought hey we need to be concerned
both as it directly affects our troops
all across the world where they're
stationed both in terms of how climate
change affects them but climate change
also how it affects the countries that
they're in and the political and
economic and socio-economic conditions
that it creates which will then affect
not just our troops but our national
security overall in protecting the
country that was the intelligent course
of action that they took based on the
conclusions that our military reached
and our scientists reached now but no
more now now the donors say there is no
climate change so it has been wiped away
from the Pentagon and their list of
concerns exactly and you know it's not
just that that you could take seriously
you know as a threat to to both you know
us as Americans but also
as humans because it's not a problem
that's simply going to be constrained to
any one state or another it is a is a
worldwide problem but they even go
farther to this an area where they don't
need to attack those who want to do
something to stop the worst effects of
global climate change and say this the
United States will remain a global
leader in reducing traditional pollution
that sounds good as well as greenhouse
gases while expanding our economy
clarifying that those gains won't be due
to onerous regulation they think that
simply free market innovation and
technology that's gonna be all it takes
as if there is no place for government
to help invest and subsidize those sorts
of technology to get them off the ground
no we can give subsidies to oil
companies to add carbon to the
atmosphere but we can't give subsidies
to companies that are working to take
some of it out or forestall more going
into the atmosphere
yeah so you you guys know what's going
on here and even Trump's own cabinet
knows what's going on here but they're
willfully ignoring it at the request of
the people who pay them if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
