this is an unbelievable story I know
that you get that a lot in the Trump era
but it's those shocking and any it's
quite unbelievable but you should
believe it the reason is this is one of
the best source articles that I've seen
in a while
it's in the Washington Post at 11
different sources Mitch McConnell and
other Republican leaders were in the
room when Trump made these comments and
and so apparently there was a lot of
congressional leaders and they all
confirmed and at the end is a kind of a
tacit admission from the Trump team
about it too so so what's the story well
Washington Post starts explaining by
saying this for nearly eight months
President Trump has boasted that
appointing Neal Gorsuch the Supreme
Court ranks high among his signature
achievements but earlier this year Trump
talked about rescinding Gore such as
nomination venting angrily to advisers
after the Supreme Court pick was
critical of the president's escalating
attacks on the federal judiciary in
private meetings with legislators what
no really after he nominated him because
Gorsuch wasn't quote-unquote loyal
enough to him as you're gonna see he
thought about rescinding it wow what
just when you thought he couldn't get
any worse or any more childish let's get
more details
Trump according to several people with
knowledge of the discussions was upset
that Gore such had pointedly distanced
himself from the president in a private
February meeting was Senator Richard
Blumenthal telling the senator that he
found Trump's repeated attacks on the
federal judiciary quote disheartening
and demoralizing and Trump apparently
lost it over that but wait a minute you
knucklehead this Supreme Court justices
are supposed to be separate from the
executive branch so when they go to
their process of getting confirmed
that's literally the first thing that
they say oh I'm independent of the
executive branch I'm independent of the
guys who appointed me I'm independent of
politics so that is what Gorsuch is
doing in order to get on the bench I
don't even really believe him but of
course he's gonna say that he'd be
incredibly stupid not to say that that
would be
the only thing you could sail pretty
much that would block your confirmation
in fact the very first question asked
was from our Republican Chuck Grassley
in his hearings public hearings and he
said hey are you independent of the
President and Gorsuch started by saying
senator that's a softball
of course I am but Trump is so stupid he
doesn't know that so it's like what do
you mean you're independent of me how
dare you say that oh god you're so
stupid if he hadn't said that he
wouldn't get confirmed all right more
details from the story the president
worried that Gorsuch would not be quote
loyal one of the people said and told
aides that he was tempted to pull
Gorsuch his nomination and that he knew
plenty of other judges who would want
the job okay
it's not how the Supreme Court works
your I don't Bobby down the street he
did my tax work once he's a lawyer hey
there's plenty of judges don't want the
job and they'll be loyal to me like my
lawyers that also work for the mob
they're loyal to me
they're good look guys maybe I'll get
them on there remember when he was first
asked and I know that this also sounds
about unbelievable but during the
primaries when he was first asked who he
thinks would be a good Supreme Court
nominee he said Andrew Napolitano the
Fox News judicial analyst this man is an
utter buffoon more in a meeting with
House Speaker Paul D Ryan in the Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Trump
attacked the judges sharp terms
surprising his fellow Republicans at
this point I you know we shouldn't be
surprised I shouldn't be surprised but I
mean he doesn't know anything works at
all at all you know more about the
American government by an order of
magnitude ten times more than what Trump
the president knows remember when
challenged during the campaign that he
doesn't know really important things
like the nuclear triad and and other
parts of being president he said oh well
when I get in there I'm gonna learn it
so good it's gonna make your head spin
does it look like he did a lot of
homework and he learned it's so good
that it made our head spin our heads are
spinning but for a different reason I
more from the Washington Post the person
added that he largely fought that's
another one there sources that he
largely faults the White House for
failing to adequately prepare Trump for
Gore such as comments and to explain
that Supreme Court nominees asserting
their independence from the president
who appointed them was a natural part of
a successful confirmation process in
other words they forgot to explain it to
the manchild and forgot what an idiot he
is that you'd have to tell the president
remember kid don't get upset Donny he's
gonna say that he's not gonna be a
hundred percent loyal to you he's
probably lying but the point is that
he's supposed to say that to get
confirmed okay manchild what a pathetic
pathetic mess of a guy okay so he goes
off the handle here thinking about
pulling him they have to like tie him
down make sure the thing to same people
he would be livid right and and he would
lose his basis base really like that now
he's bragging that he oh yeah of course
I just the side the whole time other one
who could no picked him he didn't even
pick him anyway but then Gorsuch wise up
sending him a note apparently the note
got there late the reason why I don't
believe that Gore such as independent of
Trump is Gorsuch is basically an ass
kisser that's how he got the job in the
first place you have to remember the
main thing about Gorsuch the one thing
that made him stand out and why
corporate America picked him and handed
him to Trump is that it in one case he
was he's been Pro corporate in almost
every case right but in one case he said
a truck driver should freeze to death if
his corporation asked them to otherwise
he should be fired every other judge
there was nearly a dozen judges that
looked at that case up and down the
judicial system in America and they said
no the guy doesn't have to freeze to
death
and Gorsuch says if a corporation says
you freeze to death you shut up and you
freeze to death
that's who Gorsuch is so you think he
wasn't gonna kiss Trump's ass he's been
kissing ass his old career so it turns
out he did send him a note and the note
said this is the Trump your address to
Congress was Maggie
sniff assent and you were so kind to
recognize mrs. Scalia and remember the
Justice referring to Justice Scalia who
would pass away and to mention me my
teenage daughters were cheering the TV
okay I know that if they have to write
pleasant notes to each other and I know
that you have to write stuff like that
otherwise Trump will get mad and throw
fits and maybe end your career eight
said Trump did not immediately receive
the note but it was retrieved by
legislative affairs director Mark short
and then viewed by Trump on March 10th
helping ease his concerns sir earlier in
March he's livid because he said one
little thing against Trump Gorsuch did
but it turns out he knew it and he
dissented oh my god don't worry don't
worry I love you and I love your ass and
I love everything about it
believe me I'll serve you all serve your
master so then he gets the notice I go
okay that's better that's better now
mark short that same guy who retrieved
the note pretty much admits it when he
says the process obviously caused
frustration but that frustration was
compounded by the fact that Gorsuch had
sent him a first in a letter that he
never received in other words yes this
story is entirely accurate
he threw a little fit like the child
that he is and nearly pulled Gorsuch but
when he got the ass-kissing letter he's
like oh that's much better now he
respects me this guy is totally Joffrey
he just is that's he's like a petulant
child and so this is what he was
thinking of doing with the Supreme Court
pick god knows what else he would do and
what kind of danger he poses to all of
us but don't say you weren't warned the
president is is an unreal character with
incredibly low IQ paper-thin skin
complete narcissist petulant immature
and an absolute disaster you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
