so Trump has been putting up some
ridiculous judicial nominees I'll tell
you more about some of them after the
videos but you're gonna love the videos
this is a one of them Matthew Peterson
he largely worked at the Federal
Election Commission which means that he
means it mainly did nothing with this
career those are the people who refused
to investigate dark money and also the
questionable corruption that happens in
the country but he was getting
questioned by Republican senator Kennedy
from Louisiana see he probably thought
well this isn't gonna be a problem he's
gonna give me a bunch of softballs and
we're on the same team here turns out
not on the same team Kennedy did not
give him softballs instead he came with
another thing that you use in baseball
it's called a bat so let's watch have
any of you not tried a case to verdict
and a courtroom mr. page have you ever
tried a jury trial
I have not civil no criminal no bench no
state our federal court I have not have
you ever taken a deposition I was
involved in taking depositions when I
was associate at why the Ryan when I
first came out of Law School
you ever have how many many depositions
I would I'd be struggling to to remember
less than ten yes less than five it's
probably somewhere if you ever trying to
taking a deposition by yourself
I believe no have you ever argued a
motion in state court I have not have
you ever argued a motion in federal
court no yeah like I that was so bad I
started to feel bad for a trump nominee
like he's suddenly embarrassed a little
bit like I'll stop in there man it's
like when the Jubair was pounding on the
bat in the came before he came out and
he got the Nazi and in Inglourious
Basterds
I'm like oh man no don't hit him again
don't hit him again he's gonna hit him
again watch when's the last time you
read the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure I when's the last time you
read the Federal Rules of Evidence the
Federal Rules of Evidence all the way
through would well comprehensively would
have been in law school yes you tell me
what the Doh bear standard is senator
Kennedy I don't have that readily at my
disposal do you know what a motion in
limine is yes I haven't I'm again my
background is not just for the record do
you know what emotion in women he is I
would probably not be able to give you a
good definition right here at the tip at
the table do you know what the younger
abstention doctrine is many times I've
heard about the Pullman abstention
doctrine
I don't see y'all see that a lot in
federal court okay
look I'm sure I don't agree with Kennedy
on anything I'm sure he voted for the
taxes though but it was hard not to
enjoy that okay have you ever seen a
courtroom have you ever walked by a
courtroom have you ever seen a courtroom
on television do you know any legal
rules at all at all name one legal rule
I object your honor
all right he's not done with him yet one
last piece of questioning here it's a
little unusual book check it out
okay alright fine that wasn't Kennedy is
Spencer okay or Peterson look Peterson
would have been a thousand times better
off just saying hey senator these are
great questions but but I'm not a trial
lord you're absolutely right I'm not a
trial lawyer I had different legal
experience and I hope that I could apply
that to the bench but he didn't have
enough sense to say that instead he kept
going no no not at this time I mean kind
of in law school though those are bad
answers those are really bad answers so
what has happened now well mr. Peterson
has withdrawn his nomination and the
president has accepted and oops there he
goes Kennedy says that Trump called me
was like well you know it's a good job
for you to find the problem once you
know that's what that's what you're
supposed to be doing no your job is to
pick good nominees it's not to pick a
bunch of guys who have never seen a
courtroom and then hope that for once a
Republican senator does the job oh god
he's such a child
anyway hey Peter said again I feel a
little bit bad for him had this to say I
had hoped that my nearly two decades of
public service might carry more weight
than my two worst minutes on television
well that's not really how it works oh
and look if you're gonna be a great
judge and you're up for a really
important judicial position there you
have to be able to put together an
argument and I know that you're not a
trial lawyer but you could have defended
yourself a little bit there and talked
about what experience you do have so
that did not go well and didn't give a
lot of faith to I think the American
people that you had this thing figured
out Peterson is Trump's third District
Court nominee to get derailed over a
lack of qualifications Brett Talley a 36
year old lawyer who had never tried a
case and earned a rare and unanimous not
qualified rating by the American Bar
Association withdrew his nomination last
week Jeff metier who had described
transgender children as evidence of
Satan's plan is not moving either okay
so those are the two guys who way
and thrilled that they are not moving
forward Peterson I mean I hope he finds
the child where he does something yeah I
mean his real job at the fec that if you
don't know the Federal Election
Commission has let corruption run
rampant they almost never take any
action maybe part of the reason why
Peterson hasn't learned anything in
those last couple of years anyway
again nonetheless I even even though
he's a trump nominee who's unqualified I
feel tiny bit bad for maybe it's the lip
in me seeing him get pounded like that
but the other guys I don't feel bad
about at all and you shouldn't feel bad
for Trump overall because finally let me
share this fact with you the senator
could burn 12 of trumps circuit court
judges this year more than any president
has gotten in their first year since
those courts were created in 1891 that's
in addition to putting neo Gorsuch on
the Supreme Court and getting sixth
District Court nominees confirmed as
well and and so by the way the reason
for that it's not because Trump is a
master at getting nominees confirmed
it's because the Republicans blocked
everything Obama was doing the last two
years so there was this huge backlog of
judicial positions that needed to be
filled so as soon a republic as soon as
a Republican came in the Republicans
were like alright great now let's
confirm all the judge judges and the
Democrats who had been blocked all along
of course couldn't figure out how to
block any of these judges other the ones
that the Republicans on their own like
Kennedy decided this is too embarrassing
to go forward so I'll help the Democrats
block him otherwise the Democrats in
their usual incompetence couldn't get
anyone blocked and so that's why Trump
has had so much success even though he's
clearly not even vetting the candidates
oh what's the standards is she a right
winger does he have good blogs is she
good with words he's got big words oh I
like big words and most importantly is
he loyal to Trump no matter what and
that's his mate that they're being
factor that he's looking at for
qualification and why some of them are
an absolute disaster and unfortunately
far too many of them have already been
confirmed what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can
you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
