qyt investigates has been doing a great
series on how companies that are
claiming that they're going to create
jobs with the giant tax cuts that
they're getting aren't actually creating
jobs and they have no intention of
creating jobs and first and that serious
was featuring UPS and FedEx so it our
reporters don't have any grudge against
any particular company they just happen
to look at companies from different
verticals including Apple Lockheed
Martin and these particular companies
and and to see well are they creating
jobs they have plans in motion to create
jobs and if they do they do and if they
don't well then they probably shouldn't
use the talking points about how the tax
cuts are gonna create jobs because that
is not their intent well they found out
that in the case of UPS and FedEx they
actually do not have any intention and
please go back in and read those stories
we'll have some of them in the links in
the description box below and and see
how they explain that and how they
proved it so let me give you a quick
synopsis in this story by Steve horn TYT
reported the two companies among
America's largest employers already have
billions of dollars in cash on hand
under investing and are investing
hundreds of millions in initiatives that
stand to reduce their employment levels
that's referring to UPS and FedEx well
now US senator Elizabeth Warren has
picked up on those facts and is talking
about it she said giant corporations
like UPS and FedEx have billions of
dollars in cash on hand that they could
already be using to increase wages or
hire more workers if they aren't using
this money to improve the lives of
Americans now there's no reason to
believe they'll do otherwise with a
windfall they'll get if Republicans pass
this reckless tax bill so look I'm
really proud of the TYT investigates
team that portion of the company does
objective reporting and and the results
speak for themselves
and at the same time if it leads to
recognition among the people that can do
something about these issues and they
actually take action to address it that
is wonderful
so in this case the Democrats are
outvoted
and the Republicans will almost
certainly pass that taxable but at least
we're getting the word out that it is
not for jobs it does not do that so more
to that Elizabeth Warren also said the
big line Republicans have been telling
for decades is that massive tax cuts for
corporations will lead to higher wages
and more jobs the last time we handed
out big tax breaks to corporations they
walked out with sacks of money while the
American worker got kicked to the curb
well Steve horn actually went
investigated that as well that was her
charge about something that happened in
2004 so let's give you the facts on that
he says warren was apparently
referencing or referring to the 2004 tax
holiday on corporate repatriation of
overseas profits a 2011 report by the
Institute for Policy Studies found that
the company's repatriating the most
money actually laid off workers in the
years following because there was no
mandate in the legislation to create
jobs so I report about that in the past
on the Turks and the companies that did
lobbying for that tax holiday as they
call it
corporations are apparently so much of
people that they even get fake vacations
including tax vacations although you
actual human beings don't get tax
vacations they do but that tax vacation
or holiday the amount of money that they
spent on it they got a twenty four
thousand percent return on investment so
that's why they buy off these
politicians but they couldn't buy off
Elizabeth Warren and she's pointing out
the facts now Lamar Alexander is from
Tennessee where FedEx has a huge Center
and he voted for the bill he's a
Republican corker same thing has also
gotten a lot of money from FedEx they
both have so conveniently they thought
no no
we'll take FedEx's word against the
facts when asked to explain himself
Lamar Alexander said the GOP tax bill
takes quote the handcuffs off job
creators to grow the economy well there
were no handcuffs on them to begin with
the corporations have run amok they make
incredible profits FedEx and UPS have
billions of dollars stored away they
not creating any jobs with it and when
we looked into their so-called plans to
create jobs or found that they're
actually automating things and will
reduce jobs Lamar Alexander said yes but
did my check clear okay he didn't say
that part that's me reading into his
intentions now they point out and he or
fax again from TYT investigates
Alexander has taken sixty eight thousand
three hundred dollars in campaign
contributions from FedEx during his
political career gee I wonder if that
has some to do with it
okay on the other hand one more fact
from this story that I find really
interesting look for all this
information
at youtube.com slash tyt investigates
and also of course on our website tea
white tea network.com
so and whenever we do a story guys
whether it's our own story other stories
will usually have the link to the
article in description box below so they
also found out this Steve Cohen who's
also from Tennessee but a very
progressive Democrat has taken a little
bit more money than Lamar Alexander and
Alexander is as a senator Cohen is just
a congressman but he took about sixty
nine thousand dollars from FedEx so
normally in politics when that happens
the politician or the democrat or
republican will find a reason to say oh
yeah minding FedEx does a great job
anyway yeah let's vote for the the tax
bill that they want but credit to steve
cohen cuz he did not do that
here's his quote the massive corporate
tax cut comes with no promise that
companies will create jobs and no
prohibition that it won't be transferred
to stockholders as dividends fedex is
one of memphis largest employers a boon
to the memphis economy and makes a great
effort to give back to the community but
the bill should at least have incentives
for companies to create jobs otherwise
it is just what i've called it from the
start a massive gift to the 1% hey we
found a politician that's honest so you
know what
just what you thought it wasn't possible
alright great reporting by TYT
investigates and great to see that it's
having an effect and as always thanks to
the young turks viewers that who made
that team possible you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
