and we got a fun slogan for you guys get
off the sofa fight for a wolf ax so of
course you're gonna ask me what the hell
is a wolf oh yeah yeah we recently made
it up
it's short for weekend of action
well isn't that fun so what do you guys
doing and what's the action all about
well listen just Democrats you know are
the uncorrupted progressive Democrats
they don't take any corporate PAC money
so how are they gonna win races well
number one they're actually doing a
pretty good job of raising money like
Alison Hardison against Feinstein is
raise a quarter of a million dollars and
other candidates like Doug Applegate
who's gonna be on rebel headquarters
tonight on the TYT Network has also
raised a lot of money cuz he nearly beat
darrell Issa and he's gonna beat him
this time but they also need volunteers
and so I love this program because the
only thing more valuable than money to
hire staffers to get the voter rolls and
all the things that they need to win a
campaign is your time time is more
valuable than money so the weekend of
January 13th and 14th they want to do
concerted action involving volunteers
because that's our strength if we're
gonna beat the corporate-funded
Democrats and Republicans we all got to
work together
but look this is what Bernie Sanders
campaigned it and just a merc Democrats
staff is mostly Bernie Sanders staff
from from the election okay
and so they know how this works they can
help you set this up but they need you
guys to step up so what does it mean to
set step up well they're looking for a
thousand people to sign up to host
events and when you host events and the
link is right there just Democrats calm
slash host W o F a the links in the
description box and so you go click on
it and get there right away
and and so if you say well I've never
hosted an event I hear your brother
that's no problem at all okay you just
when you sign up for it a person who's
done it before it walks you through it
and a lot of people have met through
these events now they're all over the
country because they did these before
for Bernie Sanders campaign and people
would become friends they've got groups
now that are all over we want to do it
again we
to make sure the uncorrupted actual
strong progressives win they want to do
a hundred canvassing events they want to
do a hundred phone banking events if you
do all this we're gonna be able to reach
a hundred thousand people in one weekend
and it's gonna be awesome
now if you can't give your time then at
least donate to make this possible it
actually doesn't take very much money at
all it's incredibly cheap it's only 48
dollars an event I mean that's I don't
know potato chips I guess coke for the
event whatever that they're using it for
sure they're using it for better reasons
but so if you're doing a thousand events
or 200 events at a bare minimum that's
nine thousand six hundred and twenty
nine dollars so that's what they need to
raise for that go to justice Democrats
calm slash whoa fun get involved get
about more important look I want you to
go to those links I want you to be part
of the thousand people that sign up I
want you to to get involved in this and
make sure these guys win and they
actually represent you and it's gonna be
awesome but more important than anything
else is I just want you to get involved
whether it's justice Democrats or
Wolfpack or anything else look around do
your own research but get in the fight
so if you're sitting around on your
couch or your sofa
get up get up they want you to sit there
they want you to think that change is
not possible that's their biggest weapon
our biggest weapon is hope hope is what
the civil rights leaders had hope is
what the women's suffragettes had and
they were against impossible odds and
they won anyway but the only way to win
is to actually stand up and fight
together so whether it's your time or
any kind of resources you got donate to
that cause or any cause that you think
is right and fight back against
corporate power and in the in the donor
class that has taken over our government
our democracy wouldn't it be amazing if
you could say and you really could if
this works that you're one of the people
that brought democracy back to America
let's go do it together you just watch
the video by the Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
