Sean Diddy Combs is offering to buy the
Panthers the NFL team that will be sold
by its owner jerry richardson jerry
richardson decided to sell the panthers
following a number of settlements that
became public
these are settlements that he made with
former employees for both sexual
harassment and also using racial slurs
now Sean Diddy Combs has decided I want
in I think I want to buy the Panthers
and in 2018 there will be a bit of a
bidding war in order to figure out who
to sell it to but did he made this
public on Twitter and here's what his
tweet said I would like to buy the
Panthers spread the word retweet and he
followed it with there are no majority
african-american NFL owners let's make
history one of the things that he plans
on doing if he is successful in
purchasing the Panthers is signing Colin
Kaepernick who has been blackballed
because of his kneeling protest against
police brutality okay couple things here
first let's note the absurdity of
Kaepernick not being in the leak so
Carson Wentz is a great player hurt his
knee
Eagles are arguably the best team were
the best team in the NFL now they have
Nick Foles take over he says perfectly
serviceable quarterback he's probably
the right decision but they choose not
to bring a third quarterback like
Kaepernick they're now second
quarterback is Nate son felt oh my god
ok ok so and of course there's no
anything about football
so she's kidding around but the idea
that Kaepernick cannot back up Nate son
fell for a team that had a chance to go
the Super Bowl is insanity Kaepernick's
already been in the Super Bowl
so is P Diddy right that they
blackballed Kaepernick of course they
have no owner no general manager no
coach in their right mind would say no
I'm not interested in Kaepernick as my
third string quarterback when I
desperately need more quarterbacks on
this team ok so secondly is pediatr
really gonna buy the panthers who knows
I mean it looks like it looks like a PR
stunt written all over if you guys
maybe maybe not right so let me give you
some numbers and then you guys can
decide and speculate so what is Diddy's
net worth
well according to Forbes his net worth
in May of 2017 was about eight hundred
twenty million dollars making him one of
the world's wealthiest hip-hop artists
now the Panthers I guess they did like
an appraisal or something I don't know
and they found out that this is back in
September of this year that the Panthers
is valued at two point three billion
dollars so I don't know those are the
numbers I don't know if it's like buying
a house where you put like a 20% down
payment but I'm guessing not yes no I
don't think that he'd have to put 2.3
billion in cash down yeah and and
usually when these sales go to happen it
becomes a collection of people that wind
up buying it there's usually a lead
investor in this case it could be P
Diddy and by the way if he means it
bless his heart I mean that's great did
he buy it and it'd be great that he'd
bring Kaepernick in you know they
already have a great quarterback at
Carolina but I mean how great would it
be to have Cam Newton backed up by
Cabernet that would be amazing
right unbelievable that was the most
painful part of the story and the other
thing that would be great is look these
are almost all billionaires or near
billionaires like P Diddy
so it's unsurprising that the
accumulated wealth in this country is
largely white men and that's who the
owners are I believe the only one that's
the minority is the owner of the jaguars
who happens to be of Pakistani descent
and by the way he was the guy who was
most fervent in support of the players
taking a knee and some of the really
conservative older Republican men who
owned the other teams were like no way
and they won't let Kaepernick back in
the league and and then they bowed down
to Donald Trump when he criticized the
players for taking any so pathetic it
would be awesome to have you know an
african-american own a team because you
know little diversity could bring you
interesting different things
by the way better players so last thing
on that and back in the day I know this
seems unbelievable now but Americans
believed that African Americans couldn't
possibly play basketball as well as
white people okay so when a small team
of African American basketball players
tried to take it on a major college
basketball power they were like black
people beating white people in
basketball absurd of course that'll
never happen and when they won it
shocked the world okay yeah by the way
not that long ago okay
so now I'm sure that those white owners
like a rapper being part of our league
and they would have a vote by the way
they would have a saying that matter so
they might not allow it but if they did
maybe shakes things up and and leads to
better results so if he's serious about
it
can't wait if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm /join and once
you do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
