so Donald Trump and his supporters are
on a rampage against Robert Mueller gee
I wonder why if he was innocent wouldn't
he want the prosecutor to prove his
innocence or to at least look into it
and say boy I got nothing here right but
no they got to get rid of Mueller he's
now he's in his in Trump's bank account
that's what's setting the complete panic
into into motion here because Trump
knows what's in that bank account so we
got to get rid of him so they're gonna
try two different ways to do that one is
they said oh my god
turns out there's these two FBI agents
from back in the day because they're not
on the team anymore and and they sent
out some tweets
I'm sorry texts to one another that were
not right okay
and it's true one of them was Lisa page
and she wrote in these texts back and
forth with another guy the FBI who were
part of this inverse ation they were
apparently secretly having an affair and
so they used their government phones to
text so that their spouses wouldn't
catch them genius move which then makes
it public domain and and we discovered
the emails and by the way I don't need
it's a bad thing to discover the emails
and I don't think it was a bad thing to
remove them from the case at all okay so
in the emails they're pretty explicit
I'm sorry texts they call Donald Trump
quote an idiot they also call him a
loathsome human and here's Lisa page
saying and Wow
Donald Trump is an enormous douche okay
fair enough and he is all those things
but if you're part of any investigation
by the report they were part of the
Hillary Clinton email investigation -
you shouldn't probably shouldn't be
saying that in a public way now do FBI
agents have political opinions on their
personal time of course they do
and in fact one FBI agent said two
conservatives don't do this if you start
eliminating FBI agents based on their
political bias you at least 2/3 of the
FBI agents are deeply conservative
you'll never be able to do an
investigation of Democrats again because
they'll say old daibei we're
conservative they voted against Hillary
Clinton they voted for Donald Trump so
anyway it should be noted by the way
these guys page in stores did
just dislike Donald Trump and they did
there's no question as you could tell
from those tacks they also didn't love
Hillary Clinton they they said stuff
about martin O'Malley and Bernie Sanders
they didn't like him either stork refers
to himself as a conservative Democrat
and he even complains about Hillary
Clinton he says this is clear and utter
bias by the media specifically by the
New York Times Washington Post and CNN
who if you look at all of them have
large donors for Clinton so by the logic
of the Republicans they should have also
been eliminated from any Clinton
investigations because they believe the
media is biased in in in her favor
trying to protect her when they
shouldn't so but it whether you think
those guys should be removed from the
case or not they were a long time ago
back back in June
as soon as Muller found out about it he
said okay you're gone you're off the
case
so rod Rosenstein who was the Deputy
Attorney General who appointed Muller
was asked about and he said yeah Muller
acted immediately and appropriately okay
now there's a second so-called issue
that they brought up and that is the
issue of Muller's team getting emails
from the General Services Administration
during the transition of Donald Trump
it is a trump super PAC that brought
this up pretending to be outraged when
in reality all those correspondences are
public and there's no Fourth Amendment
rights there it is clear as they here
let me explain we go to a law and crime
here to pick this up it was recently
revealed that Muller's investigators
obtained emails from accounts of the
Trump transition team in response an
attorney for the transition team wrote
Congress saying General Services
Administration a federal agency
illegally handed over these messages now
is that true let's look into it so
here's Dan Barr now he's a lawyer but
connects the Democratic Party so let's
just be upfront about everybody's
perspective here but he writes in this
letter is beyond stupid Mulla got emails
from the GSA because they were on GSA
server the government obtained emails
from itself the Fourth Amendment does
not come into play at all so now when
other experts that are asked about it
they all uniformly say the same thing
because that's the
so here's norm Eisen he says I was the
deputy general counsel of a transition
the obama-biden Oh a transition I warned
everyone there is no expectation of
privacy in your transition emails the
clue emails are named at PTT gov the one
whining letter from the Trump transition
tacitly admits this it ends by asking
for a legislative fix in other words
there is no legal issues there at all
here's Randall Eliason a former federal
prosecutor he says it's not your
personal email if it ends in dot gov you
don't have any expectation of privacy
The Washington Post goes on to explain
if Trump's team had a valid legal claim
Eliza said it would follow standard
protocol of filing a sealed motion to
the judge supervising the grand jury and
asked the judge to provide a remedy such
as requiring Weller's team to return the
emails or excluding their use in the
investigation but they didn't ask for
any legal remedy because they didn't
because no laws were violated there
would be no legal remedy to give them
this is a trump super PAC throwing dirt
out there trying to get enough of an
excuse so that Republican legislators
can say oh my god baller wikis
I can't believe things that happen
whatever they were I'm outraged about
the Fourth Amendment which I've never
read don't know who what it applies to
never ask the lawyer about it but I'm
outraged then we got to get rid of them
so they can do a partisan witch hunt
of Muller to stop the investigation at
all costs
and now back to media they explained
that the theory that the president was
considering firing Muller has gained
significant traction in the past 48
hours as Trump and his legal counsel of
attack the special counsels team for
quote unquote unlawfully obtaining tens
of thousands of emails relating to the
administration's transition team as we
just explained to you there was nothing
unlawful about that at all so yes
they're trying to cook up desperately
trying to cook reasons to get rid of
Muller because they think
apparently that he's got him now I don't
know that I haven't seen the hard
evidence that Muller has but Trump knows
what's in his bank accounts Trump knows
what he did and didn't do and if he
thinks Mahler is closing in this is what
you do to try to fire people who are
investigating you and and circumvent
democracy when asked about it no Trump
said Oh
firing Muller are you considering yet
quote no I'm not
that is exactly of course what he said
right before he fired James Comey the
head of FBI who he thought was
investigating him for his connection to
Russia we know that because Trump
admitted that on national TV
now in reality though Trump is out there
stoking all these fires and he said
previously about the FBI and the special
counsel and all that he said not looking
good it's not looking good my people are
very upset about it I can't imagine
there was anything on him frankly
referring to the transition emails
because as we said there's no collusion
there's no closure whatsoever a lot of
lawyers thought that was pretty sad what
was sad getting the emails that are
public property and publicly available
no in other words I'm not saying I'm
gonna fire Muller but I'm saying that
all the Republicans should create
pressure to fire him because gosh we
wouldn't want to live in a democracy
where the president is held to a count
and law and order applies to everybody
he's basically saying make me a dictator
make sure that I don't have to follow
the law and if I'm caught that there are
no consequences we just fire all of them
and and just circumvent our democracy
completely so now the thing is he can't
actually fire Muller the person who has
the authority to fire Muller is the
Attorney General he could have fire a
special councilman in this case Jeff
Sessions recused himself from any
Russian investigations so it would be
the Deputy Attorney General roses theme
he's the one that appoint him in the
first place he went on Wednesday and
testified now he took a couple of shots
at different people doing the
investigations but overall said no
Muller is doing a fine job and there's
no reason to replace him at all
now Trump is furious about that we got a
Washington Post story about that they
explained in recent discussions to
advisers said Trump has called the
Attorney General week that sessions and
complained that roses theme has shown
insufficient accountability on the
special council's work as senior
official Trump said Trump mocked roses
team's recent testimony on Capitol Hill
saying he looked weak and unable to
answer questions
Trump has ranted about roses Tina as a
quote Democrat one of these advisers
said and characterized them as a threat
to his presidency now Rosenstein
wouldn't be any threat to your
presidency if you didn't do anything
wrong and roses tea is not the one
during the investigation what is Rose
esteem he's the guy who will not fire
Muller
so Trump now apparently considering
firing Rosenstein so that he could hire
someone else that will fire Muller
that's what they mean by has shown
enough accountability meaning
accountability to us he works for us if
I tell them to fire someone
investigating me who cares about the
Constitution our former government fire
them already otherwise you're not
showing me enough accountability and you
look wheat as a strong guy which
circumvent the law so these fascist
wannabes are trying to make sure that we
do not follow our system of government
that we just let the president break any
law he wants and fire anyone who
investigates them well if they do of
course we should not let that stand
every Democrat should immediately call
for impeachment bar none and if
Republicans have any principle at all
and then and that's a giant if because I
don't really believe that they do I
would be shocked if they did the right
thing but if they have any principles at
all they've ever cared about this
constitution or this country they would
then say no not on our watch
right now Trump says he won't push him
to that edge that he's not going to fire
Muller but hold a phone and there are
now democratic
been saying they're worried he might
fire him even before the end of the year
and if he does people should be in the
streets we can't let him ruin our
democracy this way
there should be no end to the protests
if he does that because if you let him
get away with that
then he's above the law and then you've
got nothing to stop him from doing
whatever he wants that's not our system
of government if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now TYT Network comm /join get the
whole young turks out every day
