the New York Times released a lengthy
report detailing the accounts of several
women who said that they were either
sexually harassed or even raped by
Russell Simmons and Russell Simmons has
responded to it so has the NYPD which
has decided to open an investigation
into these allegations now nine women
accused the media mogul of sexual
harassment and assault in incidents
alleged to have occurred over decades
four of those women drew Dixon Tony
Sally
Tina Baker and Shari Hines accused
Simmons of rape now Russell Simmons
adamantly denies it he says no that is
not what happened I have not raped
anyone and I am ready and willing to
participate in any type of investigation
to prove my innocence his lawyer said
the following Russell Simmons fully
supports and will cooperate with the
police inquiry and is confident of a
swift resolution Russell Simmons himself
released a statement saying that these
horrific accusations have shocked me to
my core and all of my relations have
been consensual I am devastated by any
reason I may have given to anyone to say
or think of me in the ways that are
currently being described so one quick
note here if four women are accusing you
of rape yeah it shouldn't be like
headline news that the police are
investigating you of course they should
investigate right what I don't know is
why Harvey Weinstein hasn't been
arrested yet I just don't I don't get it
um I don't what so Russell's the first
one they get the investigation and he
according to these stories richly
deserves it right but his may be literal
partner in crime right alleged partner
in crime Brett Ratner is accused of
doing incredibly similar things and
there's where's the criminal
investigation I literally don't
understand it what why isn't Brett
Ratner being investigated
Harvey Weinstein look man none of this
stuff is really anywhere close to a line
if you believe the allegations right but
Harvey Weinstein some of the allegations
by well-known actresses or he would
literally barge in and and
rip their clothes off and raped them
while they were screaming right and for
anyone who might think oh well maybe
some of these women went directly to the
NYPD asking for prosecution or an
investigation no that is not the case no
one went specifically to the NYPD and
asked for an investigation or asked for
any type of prosecution the NYPD doesn't
even need to have someone go directly to
them if they see that there is a
potential of criminal activity they can
make that decision take initiative
themselves and and investigate it and
that's what they chose to do here so now
two women had to get on the NYPD before
they had done an investigation bud
dropped it earlier but Harvey Winston
they'd also done an investigation of him
and drop that earlier how come they
haven't picked that one back up so
there's there's that issue but that's
not the only sure that's one of the
issues so I'm curious what your take on
it is I well I think that the the racial
component of this whole thing and I know
every people get tired of hearing about
race but I think the racial component is
very interesting even with Harvey
Weinstein all of those women accused him
of rape when Lupita did it he said I
didn't touch her he was like uh I'm a
sexist and a rapist but I'm also a
racist so let's not get it twisted
I worked with Russell Simmons and I have
I have I have encountered so misogyny
just exists so much in our business as a
comedian he comes from the world of
hip-hop which misogyny is such a it's
just part of the culture is embedded in
it and I think that when we talk about
these things we you know Russell Simmons
self-admittedly has said that he has
experienced an evolution and that now he
is in a different place I don't know if
Russell Simmons raped people I don't
know if he sexually harassed people but
I do know that he belongs to a culture
and belongs to you know a group of
people who think that women are
expendable that women are disposable and
that women are objects and
you know a to speak to the greater issue
as I was talking to Anna off-camera as a
stand-up comedian that's how I
encountered Russell as a stand-up
comedian where I was one of two women
competing for one spot for a show that
was for six people and it is so
disgusting and it is so it just it is
just all it's a cancer that has run
through the entire business that I have
to be worried about what hotel room I
stay in that I'm near the elevator and
not stairs that nobody follows me to my
room that other comedians don't follow
me to my room you talk about louis c.k
you talk about Russell Simmons there is
a sea of men who are out here doing
these things that many of women of color
are afraid to speak out against because
they don't want to be they don't want to
lose their careers so when I think about
you know these men okay you want to come
after Russell Simmons
you got to come after a lot of people
Russell Simmons is is one person that
you're talking about you're talking
about louis c.k this shit is all over
the business hip hop comedy
entertainment politics you see it it's
running all over the place and women are
always doubted that for somebody to say
I believe you now it's it's kind of
sending you don't understand we I can't
I can't even make a point because it's
so it's all over it's all over so this
is just the beginning and I think that
you're gonna be surprised some of the
people that you hear that have engaged
in this because it's so acceptable and
it's not just the people who are doing
it is the people who see them do it and
don't say anything or try to brush it
under the rug you know with louis c.k
there were allegations Roseanne Barr
tweeted about it years ago with Russell
Simmons it happened a few weeks ago and
they brushed that under the swept it
under the rug and then you know it got
bigger then there was the first wave of
women to women who came out with their
accusations against him and he seemed
relatively unscathed by that and then
this New York Times piece profiling
multiple women several women
led to him taking some action stepping
away from his businesses and all that
but I just one thing I just want to say
because I know the bigger problem Jake
is what you said the education of men
because the Matt Damon made these
comments today that that were very Matt
Damon like you know we already know he
did it with the race thing and now he's
doing it with the women sometimes the
education of what sexual harassment is
is that some people don't think it's
sexual harassment because they're so
accustomed to believing that we are
objects and that is a problem unto
itself yeah so we'll have to see how the
the law settles this obviously Simmons
is in a ton of trouble here with a
significant amount of allegations and so
but he be Emily denies it I just want
equal treatment for everybody so it's
not to excuse anything that Simmons has
been accused of is to say you should
also hold other guys accountable and so
in cases where people need to be fired
they have in case of Russell Simmons he
stepped down from Miss companies he had
done that earlier but in cases of
assault there needs to be legal
consequences for all the people who are
charged with it you know as long as
there's statute of limitations haven't
run I mean also Roy Moore as there is no
statute of limitations on child
molestation in Alabama we have an
incredibly credible person that most of
the Republican leadership in the country
believes saying yes he sexually
assaulted me when I was a minor that guy
doesn't belong in the Senate he belongs
in jail now we know he's not going to
send I'm not trying to you know rehash
that I'm just saying let's have equal
justice for everybody here for the women
first um most of all bring all these
guys to justice and and so and then
justice also involves of course him
being able to defend himself in court if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now t whitey
network.com slash join get the whole
younger so every day
