so there's a lot of allegations of
sexual harassment and and it appeared
that Chuck Schumer might be next he's
the leader of the Democrats in the
Senate there was some stories going
around about how he might have harassed
someone that worked with him well it
turns out that's not remotely true and
the rest of the story is where it gets
really interesting
so NBC News reporting that their
parents' mirror which was first reported
by News website
Axios took the form of a fake legal
document alleging inappropriate behavior
by Schumer toward a former staff member
well they found out very quickly that it
wasn't true and I'm gonna show you how
in a sec but NBC News explains Schumer
during an unrelated news conference on
Wednesday morning said his office would
pursue quote every legal path against
the sender well Oh Schumer then said it
was a phony allegation forged false from
start to finish well that's what he
claims but you know this saying we
believe the women right so how about the
woman is it a real woman yes it is it's
a former staffer that worked with Chuck
Schumer from 2009 to 2012 well it turns
out this mystery was not hard to unravel
all they do was talk to her so here's
NBC News on that a draft legal document
accusing Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer of sexual harassment is a
forgery
the woman purported to be his accuser
told NBC News on Tuesday night the woman
said that the allegations are false and
that she has asked police to investigate
more details here reported by Katie Hunt
and Alex Johnson the woman a former
staff member said that the claims in the
document are quote completely false
quote my signature is forged even basic
facts about me are wrong I've contacted
law enforcement to determine who is
responsible said the woman who spoke on
condition of anonymity because she
believes she's the victim of a crime
then Chuck Schumer's office put out a
statement his spokesperson Matt house
said we have turned it over to Capitol
Police and
ask them to investigate and pursue
criminal charges because it is clear the
law has been broken we believe the
individual responsible for forging the
document should be prosecuted to the
fullest extent of law to prevent other
malicious actors from doing the same now
there are a lot of malicious actors out
there who try to smear people online
I've talked to you about them a lot of
them are on the alt-right and they think
it's funny they think it's a legitimate
way to conduct a political debate you
don't have to be right you could just
lie and and you could lie in any way you
want and smear anyone you want with any
terrible charge that comes into your
mind well it turns out not if you do a
forgery and that might be some
significant legal trouble well here they
thought they were being really clever
because it was going to be a double
whammy so let me go to lawn crime that
website to explain the false document
was sent out to multiple media outlets
and journalists who quickly settled on
the complaints lack of authenticity
their original genius idea was will
smear Chuck Schumer and it doesn't
matter if it's proven to be a lie almost
everything the alt-right comes out with
is proven to be a lie at some point but
the big headlines will be what everybody
remembers and at least we'll have
smeerdom for a certain percentage of the
population who'll then never hear the
correction and never hear the truth haha
we'll have gotten Chuck Schumer and if
we can maybe we'll get people to believe
it and then we'll run him out of town
amazing then our lives would work and
then secondly if it turns out we get
caught later but the press ran it will
say I got you fake news but we tricked
you into running your fake story that
turns out they didn't trick them and
almost all outlets picked up that it was
fake and and turns out there it isn't
fake news they do a pretty good job of
fact-checking
right so who is behind this so right now
the police and the authorities are not
sure we're gonna let that investigation
play out can't wait to find the results
but here's one piece of evidence
Charles C Johnson it was one of these
all right trolls wrote before the story
broke
currently reading the sexual harassment
settlement documents of a major
Democratic US senator and he wrote also
quote Michael Serta bitch and I are
going to end the career of a u.s.
senator oops my guess is that the
authorities would want to talk to those
two and try to figure out why they were
speaking in that way before this news
story broke what do they know that the
rest of the public did not know and what
did he mean by those comments it was
definitely not nice knowing you if
people go to prison over this that would
be fantastic
finally a little bit of justice for all
of the preposterous smears and
outrageous things that were said about
innocent people throughout now we'll
have to see if that's what it comes to
to fruition we'll have to see if these
guys are involved or not involved that's
for the authorities to decide but
whoever did it can't wait to see justice
it's gonna be a great day in America so
whoever did it bye-bye
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
