this is a sad story guys so we told you
about this guy earlier in the week Dan
Johnson he's a Republican state
legislator in Kentucky
he got caught doing things he shouldn't
be doing of course he vehemently denied
it and I'm just gonna give you a little
bit of background here before I tell you
what happened yesterday on Monday the
Kentucky Center for Investigative
Reporting published an expose with an
accuser who was a friend of his daughter
saying that Johnson raped her when she
was 17 years old she alleged that the
assault took place in 2012 at a New
Year's Eve sleepover party when he was a
pastor
he's pastor of this church where he
claims to be you know the Pope of the
church it doesn't really mean anything
it's not important he wanted to excuse
his action so he went to that heart
afire church and and I'm gonna show you
part of that video or before he did this
he sang a hymn about the baby Jesus and
all that and then he said this in the
midst of all the accusations you know
there's some things that are really
important I think that that are being
hidden in this there are people that
have have had abuse there's workplace
abuse there's all of that but at the
same time I think that there's been
people that have have taken that now and
just use that for political stones and
political rocks this allegation
concerning this this lady this young
girl absolutely has no merit there is no
anything yeah he says there's no
anything as you're about to see he
apparently didn't believe that himself
more details here the Kentucky Center
for Investigative Reporting had
published an expansive report on Monday
accusing the Republican state
representative of Milesi a young women
but also committing arson and lying to
his congregation and constituents about
his achievements now everybody asked him
to step down not just Democrats but also
the Republicans Mack Brown was a
Kentucky Republican Party Chairman had
said following today's extensively
sourced and documented story from the
Kentucky Center for Investigative
Reporting we once again find ourselves
in a position where we must call for him
to his
this time from the Kentucky General
Assembly so they're sad news here other
than all the wrong noon that he did is
that Dan Johnson yesterday apparently
committed suicide he went to a bridge
and and seems to have shot himself so he
has passed away a part of the reason
that I'm doing this story is because
don't do that man
look I'm not a religious person so I
don't believe in all that finding Jesus
or whoever else you find as soon as
you're caught but I do believe in
Redemption even for guys as vile as him
in the past he'd got in trouble for
making the Obamas look like monkeys I
got as clear from the last segment I'll
tell you now - I had no love for Dan
Johnson at all not one percent but it
what would have been a better route a
better route is admit what you did and
then look to become a better person look
to make amends so might you go to prison
yeah if you rape that seventeen year old
girl you might even not only what you
would lose your job and you might go to
prison but at least you'd still be alive
you'd still be you you want to left your
family to fend without you it but the
issue here isn't that it's that it's
pride pride gets in the way
well if I get caught and it looks like I
got caught here I'm gonna be embarrassed
and I can't stand that embarrassment I
just think the far far better approaches
to try to come to terms with it to try
to make amends to still be there for
your family so nobody's happy about this
result and it's a absolute shame what
has happened all around here but look i
partly tell you this because one day i
hope you got you're not in a situation
as dire as dan johnson and i hope you
haven't done anything close to what dan
johnson has done but one day you'll be
in the tight spot because we all are and
you'll get despondent because we all do
so understand that you're that there's
always a better way that there's a way
to get to a better spot even if it's
incredibly painful he could have had
decades to to make amends and instead
he's now gone and his family is left
alone so it's a very very
sad day and and everybody wishes it
hadn't come to this there's a thousand
better ways to take responsibility than
to do this you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
