if you're concerned about the
possibility of one of these shootings
continuing and you know that there have
been attempts to pass bills but they
have been shot down sometimes you know
by the NRA in their day donations
generally by the Republicans in some
cases assisted by some Democrats as well
well you know now we have we have Donald
Trump and he says that he is going to
protect us he's the one person who can
solve our problems and protect us so on
this anniversary of the Sandy Hook
shooting Sarah Huckabee Sanders was
asked about what he is doing to help
stop these sorts of massacres from
taking place and here was her response
today's the fifth anniversary of the
Sandy Hook massacre in which so many
children were killed since that time
what does president Trump done to try to
protect the American people against a
similar type of massacre does he think
anything's been done what is the
administration trying to do is there
anything at the executive level that he
thinks needs to be undertaken like I
think that there are a number of
different ways that we look to protect
our citizens every single day one of the
areas that the president has been
outspoken about not necessarily to those
two instances but just more broadly
speaking in terms of national security
and protecting individuals certainly
through border security stronger vetting
processes and looking at whether or not
there are other regulations that we
could put in place that would offer
protection people and to the United
right and I said I'm speaking more
broadly in terms of national security as
a whole and look this is a president who
knows that his number-one responsibility
is to look for ways to protect American
citizens and we try to do that every
single day and whether or not there's a
regulation that could it be put in place
or not that could have prevented those
things frankly I'm not aware of what
that would be maybe something to stop
the gun from being sold in the first
place that seems like it would have had
an effect and so her answer is we are
going to do nothing to stop this sort of
massacre except to convince you that the
true threat is scary Muslims from broad
so the number of math students we have
Dwarfs the number of terrorist attacks
Wars so you're actually worried about
your family safety you should be worried
about a shooter near you not some
foreign invader or Muslim terrorist or
even a right-wing terrorist
yes right-wing terrorist act out in
America about at twice the rate that
Muslim terrorists do but even they are
small compared to random mass shooters
so terrorism is fairly infrequent thank
God for that
I wish it didn't exist at all but mass
shootings happen on at the pace of about
one a day yeah and and every time you
when it happens in your neighborhood you
get surprised don't be surprised
we're terrorizing ourselves the real
terror is right here at home
it's these non-stop massacres funded by
the NRA I mean we told you the stat that
the kid under 12 dies thanks to guns
every 44 hours imagine if a scary Muslim
terrorist killed a child in America
every 44 hours oh my god the country
would shut down oh my god if a Muslims
that's a gun so we like those wow that's
a great way of putting it so every other
day if you heard in the news another
child under the age of 12 has been
killed by a terrorist and another one
and another one and another one and it's
a bloodbath it's an endless bloodbath
that never ends what would we do we rip
the world apart in endless wars so try
to address that but when it's ourselves
doing it with non-stop guns and weapons
everywhere because our politicians are
corrupted there we go oh I well 93% of
Americans believe there should be
federal background checks I guess
there's nothing we can do you know what
we're doing we're surrendering and it's
unacceptable because we're all getting
killed out here literally literally our
kids are being killed and and and our
politicians do nothing because they're
completely corrupt and the NRA laughs
all the way to the bank
it's gross and of course Donald Trump
isn't gonna protect anyone the only
thing he cares about is demagoguery to
protect his own political interests and
it doesn't have any interest in actually
protecting your family what you just
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
