Republicans in the House and Senate have
gotten together they have negotiated the
tax bill and they have come to an
agreement and what we have now is what
is likely to end up in the final
legislation and they are planning on
voting in favor of it next week so the
key elements that you should be aware of
include the fact that they want to lower
the corporate tax rate to twenty one
percent this will go into effect in 2018
there were some individuals who thought
that maybe this would go into effect the
year after but no they want this to go
into effect in 2018 they also would like
to lower the top individual tax rate to
37 percent now this is something I want
to focus on for just a second and
obviously they want to eliminate the
corporate alternative minimum tax so
when it comes to lowering the tax rate
for the top earners there was some
disagreement among those in the House
and those in the Senate there was some
talk of you know making it a little bit
higher maybe it would be around thirty
nine percent and then they both decided
no let's go even lower so they went down
to 37 percent so the the effective tax
rate for top earners will be thirty five
percent if they vote to pass this
through and it seems as though they're
likely to do that they will also allow
individuals to choose whether to deduct
up to ten thousand dollars in income
sales or property taxes right and so
that's something that the wording there
doesn't really perfectly describe what
they're trying to do they're attacking
middle-class deductions if you are part
of the middle class your taxes will go
up because they're specifically
attacking the deductions that you get to
use to lower your taxes or get a tax
refund at the beginning of the year when
you file why are they doing that because
they got a make up for the loss of
revenue when they get these massive tax
cuts to corporations and the top earners
so this helps the rich directly a little
bit in bringing the top bracket
down from about 40 percent of 37 percent
but that's actually a distraction
because that's a small drop I'm totally
against it I wouldn't do that but it's
to make it seem like hey we're cutting
taxes on the rich only a little bit by
about three percent or so
no the Devils in the details so when
they cut taxes on the pass-through tax
most of the rich will then use that as a
loophole so that they only pay around 20
percent rather than 37 percent for all
their taxes and then they'll say oh no
no the top rates of 37 percent then they
get rid of the estate tax and then they
state tax who transfers billions of
dollars of wealth to the rich instead of
having some percentage go to supporting
the next generation as they try to live
the American dream so that's a giant
another giant transfer of wealth of the
rich but the most important thing is the
corporate taxes because the
corporation's are the biggest donors so
they've bought these politicians so
dropping the corporate rate from 35 to
21 percent is massive and it is
debilitating for the government you
can't lose all that revenue and still
make it up so what do they do they're
gonna do do three things to make it up
just one and a half trillion dollars
they're not gonna make up they were
lying about caring about the deficit
they're just gonna add to it
number two is as Anna pointed out
they're actually taking away some
deductions you used to have taxes on the
middle class are gonna go up even tax on
the poor are gonna go up and then the
third thing that they're doing is saying
and by the way later will cut Medicare
Social Security and Medicaid and Paul
Ryan Marco Rubio and so many others have
said that they will absolutely do that
next cuz they're gonna say we ran out of
money but you didn't have to run out of
money you're choosing to run out of
money to give giant tax breaks to
corporations but the final salt in the
wounds is eliminating the corporate
alternative minimum tax because the
original idea when they started this
process over a year ago was oh no guys
this isn't a tax cut this is tax reform
yes we're gonna lower the corporate
taxes but we're gonna take away all the
loopholes so that they're actually gonna
pay the same amount of taxes lies not
only was it a lie it's get a load of the
size of the line they didn't take
any tax loopholes except one tiny little
thing that we talked about in an earlier
show and Republican congressman was
asked on MSNBC what corporate loopholes
did you close he couldn't name one with
the one that they're closing is so tiny
it makes no difference at all so almost
no loopholes are closed on the corporate
side but when you take away the
alternative minimum tax for corporations
you've actually just added a giant
loophole so in the past they at least
had to pay some bare minimum so they
couldn't do all the loopholes and not
pay anything now they took away the bare
minimum so they could loophole like
crazy they get that lower taxes and the
loopholes because this government isn't
a democracy anymore
it's it's been taken over by the donors
if they sign the checks the politicians
work for them so yes on any given
election you can go out and vote in
droves and it makes a difference I don't
want you to get discouraged okay and we
will eventually win back our government
through those elections but generally
what they do is they give you two false
choices they'll give you either a
Republican versus Republican that are
both for massive tax cuts and their
primaries or they'll give you a
Republican Democrat who oftentimes are
also for taxes like Dianne Feinstein Oh
liberal from California no way she
bought her for the Bush tax cuts she
voted to get rid of the estate taxes
before why she's also a billionaire so
they set the rules so that you have
false choices and at the end of the day
the donors get exactly what they want
and this is the donors dreams come true
it is the donors dreams come true but I
also I would like to give the voters
some credit because they are paying
attention and while some voters have
been conned and they actually do buy the
argument that these tax cuts for the
wealthy will create jobs or stimulate
the economy the truth is the vast
majority of American voters know what
the reality is they know that these are
huge handouts to corporations and the
ultra-rich and that the middle class in
the working class will suffer from it so
if you look at polling numbers I mean
this is amazing to me because it shows
you how much these lawmakers favor their
donors and
campaign contributors over the best
interests and the desires of their
constituents so get graphic 36 a Gallup
poll found that 29% of Americans
approved of the bill while 56%
disapproved and they but that goes to
prove my point that we unfortunately
we've lost our democracy because if you
cared about the voters and you saw that
your proposal had only 29 percent of
approval you'd run for the hills
you'd never vote for it if the voters
actually decided things decided policy
you would never ever vote for that in a
democracy because you worry that you
lose your seat but they don't worry
about that because they think it doesn't
matter I'm just gonna get millions of
dollars from corporations because I just
gave them billions perhaps trillions of
dollars in goodies and then I'm gonna
use it to drown out the other guy he's
not gonna have a microphone at all I'm
gonna have a giant megaphone paid for by
corporate America and then I'm gonna say
oh it's the corporation's free speech
rights to do that it's terrifying it's
terrifying and especially for younger
generations who already were were dealt
a bad hand when it comes to the economy
after they graduated college who had a
harder time earning the equivalent
income that the generations before them
earned adjusted for inflation now they
get to see the amount of money that gets
taken out of each paycheck from Medicare
and Social Security knowing that there
is a possibility if the GOP has its way
that they will never see those benefits
benefits that they're paying into
benefits that are helping to support the
poor the disabled the elderly right now
they might never get that type of safety
net later on in life and it's disgusting
this is the moment for revolution this
is the moment for a political revolution
because even the Republicans with their
dirty dark money and their bag of tricks
are it's not working as an appointed out
for the first time people are going yeah
but I heard on the Internet I know you
got tea you own TV and they're worried
about you know rightfully so what you're
doing with women etc said it but they
never talk about the tax cuts that are
the giant giveaways for the companies
that own the television stations that's
why they never talk about it right so
but we heard about it and
now you're deeply unpopular health care
plan was on popular your tax cuts are
for the rich or unpopular so we all got
to rise up together right if you don't
get the money out they're gonna keep on
doing this wolf dash pack.com sighs join
have the link in the description blah a
box below because if that that's the
organization fighting for you with small
donors to get the money out of politics
to end the private financing because if
you don't it doesn't matter if it has
seven percent approval rating they'll
still both for cuz they don't work for
you they work for their donors and you
know that so come and find a way to
fight back if you want to volunteer
great you want to volunteer in another
organization to get money out great but
do anything you can right now wolf dash
pack.com slash join description box
click the link and fight back if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoyed ad free by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
