the editorial board at USA Today has put
out an incredibly aggressive piece
denouncing and rejecting Donald Trump it
is one of the most aggressive editorial
pieces that I've ever seen in regard to
the president and I want to share it
with you now this was written after
Trump attacked senator gillibrand in a
sexist tweet and I'm being actually very
generous in just calling it sexist
because he essentially argued that she
would do anything including sexual
favors for campaign money and the
editorial board felt like no this is
this guy's bottom of the barrel it's
time to really speak our minds about it
so I'm going to read you as the relevant
parts but I highly recommend you read
the entire piece here's what they had to
say a president who would all but call
senator Gillibrand a whore is not fit to
clean the toilets in the Barack Obama
Presidential Library or to shine the
shoes of George W Bush Wow shots fired
my god I've never seen an editorial like
that one I've never seen a datura that's
strong in a mainstream newspaper in
America in either direction number two
it's not just a random editorial by one
person
it's the editorial board it's the paper
things now keep in mind the editorial
board is separated from the articles the
articles are fact-based and an objective
of this they're supposed to be and I
believe that largely I will get back to
that in a second the editorial board is
supposed to say hey you know sometimes
they backed bush in the case of USA
Today or Obama depending on the
elections etc but now they're gone no no
this we have to speak out and as
forcefully as possible to have you
understand what an intolerable guy we
have in the office yes this is
unbelievable but yeah and it's got more
it gets it gets I don't know if I want
to say better I mean that first part was
pretty epic
okay 187 on a motherfucking flop that's
like what
all right they want that too it's an
order
let's give you more rock bottom is no
impediment for a president who can
always find room for a new low she pours
the gasoline of sexist language and
lights the match gleefully knowing how
it will burst into flame in a country
reeling from the me2 movement dormant
don't think this is the wrong way I'm
just saying politically alright next his
sickening behavior is corrosive to the
enterprise of a shared governance based
on common values and the consent of the
governed
Trump apparently is going for some sort
of record for lying while in office as
of mid-november he had made 1628
misleading or false statements in 298
days in office
that's 5.5 false claims per day
according to account kept by The
Washington Post's fact checkers and then
they get into this list they provide a
list of all of the terrible things that
Trump has managed to do or say while
he's been president
so as of last week Trump had failed to
nominate anyone for 60% of 1200 key
positions he can fail to keep the
government running smoothly so this was
this was a criticism of Trump early on
and that criticism is something that you
probably don't hear too much about these
days but it still stands he has still
failed to nominate many people in key
positions in government because he's a
clown and he doesn't know he doesn't
know how to fill those positions yeah he
as I told you he's incompetent and he
doesn't care to do the job
that's like homework to him he doesn't
to do that all I wants to do is watch
eight hours of TV a day and and that's
why they put in all the memos his name
all over the place so that he'll pay
attention a guy who's this self-centered
it's like 1200 key positions who is that
for that's for the American people even
if you're conservative especially if
you're a conservative you want him to
fill those positions but he's too lazy
to do it because it isn't about him so
Politico and morning counsel just
we did a poll which found that 50% of
the American electorate believed the
sexual assault claims that have been
made against Donald Trump 50% so half of
voters believe the women who have come
forward and said that they have been
sexually assaulted or sexually harassed
by Donald Trump then you look at current
poll numbers and current poll numbers
are not looking good for Trump now I'm
giving you this information to kind of
put everything into context it's not
like USA TODAY's editorial board is
alone in feeling their frustration over
the president according to recent polls
32 percent of respondents approve of the
job Trump is doing as president and 56
percent disapprove the biggest drop
actually came among women 24% of women
said they approved of Trump's job
performance compared to 36% who approved
back in September so this adds you know
a little more evidence to the arguments
that the editorial board at USA Today is
making again the way that this was
written it was far more aggressive than
anything else that I've seen in
establishment media and it was ballsy it
was ballsy for them to do it and I
applaud them for it you say ballsy I did
say ballsy because I remember the USA
Today having a slightly different
position which I characterized in a
slightly different way back in the day
right here okay between Shiites and
Sunnis we're stuck in the u.s. they say
incompetent losers say USA safer Bush
says that is a lie they've done a
terrible job okay so you know that clip
it's made the rounds a little bit from
back in the day and but I show that to
you because it's really important
context because I think that the press
partly cuz
and fighting back against his insanity
has gotten much much better because my
main charge back then was they call
everything even so and and if Bush said
and and by the way they're still making
that mistake to some degree here and
I'll get to that in a second but if Bush
said hey it's al Qaeda versus us in Iraq
even though that was demonstrably false
they will put it in a giant headline
right and that's why as I was explaining
that longer version that clip and we'll
put that in the description box is that
know the the 70% of Americans almost 70
percent thought that Saddam Hussein had
personally attacked us on 9/11 and that
just wasn't true but they kept calling
everything even now this editorial it
makes this situation come full circle
and now have them go or at least 180
degrees have them go
you know what no we've got to call
things as they are and this man is as
they said in the editorial uniquely
awful and and so the job of journalists
is not to be neutral it is to be
objective and in being objective you can
say was something somebody has done
something wrong or they've done a lot of
things wrong but I'm gonna give you one
more quote from the USA ta editorial
from today they they said Obama and Bush
both failed in many ways they broke
promises and told untruths but the basic
decency of each man was never in doubt
now I actually don't agree with that I
think that the actions of Bush
unfortunately led to a lot more people
dying hundreds of thousands of people
dying innocent civilians dying in Iraq
and a world and absolute turmoil let
alone the economic crash that cost us
eight million jobs etc and no I
definitely questioned the decency of
Dick Cheney and George Bush and so in
some ways the establishment is just
using Trump as the one exception now I
like the way they're treating him
because they're doing truth to power
right but I wish that it wouldn't be the
exception that it would be the rule no
no and again look it's not a partisan
thing I wanted them to challenge Obama a
lot more but on the real stuff not that
he puts a mustard on his hamburger but
that the fact that he was allowing for
drilling in the Gulf and then next thing
you know as we warned about we had the
disaster in the Gulf and the drone
strikes where he pretended the
they weren't killing any civilians in
the beginning and that was preposterous
so hold them all take town this is a
wonderful first step but if you leave it
at this and then just go back to
business as usual if it's pence or even
a Democrat that comes into office next
time well then you'll have learned
nothing from this exercise so I and I
hope it's not just because he's
suffering the polls that you've gathered
up the courage to do this and it's true
32% is uniquely miserable for a
president so and I hope it sticks and I
hope that from here on out I can say
continue to say that USA Today is ballsy
rather than sucking balls you just watch
the video by the young turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
