the DNC had their unity or Reform
Commission meeting their final meeting
on Friday and Saturday in Washington and
one of our reporters actually on the
Commission so she doesn't report on it
we had Ryan Graham and Eric by the
report on it for TYT politics but
nobody's on the commission because
Bernie Sanders basically put her on
there she's one of his representatives
as they look to do reform within the
party and she was quite animated when
she was speaking about the need for
reform this pretty much lit the internet
on fire so let me show you
portions of know Mikey's speech at the
unity and Reform Commission here Watch
this smells this doesn't just smell to
the public right now that the budget of
the party was never put before forget
about the budgetary Committee for a
second put before the people of a
fiduciary responsibility whether it's
congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard whether it's
Donna Brazile when she was chair when
she was vice chair or vice-chair ray
Buckley or Jim dr. Jim Zogby over here
that's over half the executive committee
right there had no idea where the money
was going we spent a billion dollars
lost the easiest presidential race you
could possibly imagine
with joint fundraising agreements state
parties weren't being funded during the
DNC chairs race there were some state
party chairs who said I'm an acting
executive director I have $3,000 cash on
hand how are you supposed to rebuild the
party if you have no idea where that
money was spent and you know what I did
go through FEC filings and it doesn't
look good it smells we're talking about
close to 700 800 million dollars between
a joint fundraising agreement and the
DNC being spent on five consultants oh
man I love that so some people will
think oh well know me hey you're not
being civil enough are you kidding me
she's exactly right we spent a billion
dollars in lost to a monster like Donald
Trump if you're not angry about that
there's something wrong with you you
should be furious about that I mean they
constantly blame Bernie Sanders
supporters what are you talking about
you guys are the ones that miss spent a
billion dollars and if five consultants
got that money well then I want to see
how they're doing because they're not
only they're doing very well
that's why there
a spurt to keep that budget secret and
that's what Nomi he's been talking about
the entire time she's on that commission
that's why revealing what's in the
budget and who it goes to is one of the
most important things there is so she's
gonna talk more about that here the
number one issue I get asked out in the
public by DNC members is what are you
gonna do about the budget it is
absolutely ridiculous that we are gonna
keep a status quo system when it
basically says we're gonna continue to
lose 1200 seats let me describe what
losing 1,200 seats looks like or the
remaining seats we have if you're a
narrative Trump yes but let's break that
down a little bit if you're in Arizona
and you have an epic pregnancy pregnancy
you can't go to a Planned Parenthood
clean up clinic cuz it's gone cuz that
state legislature is lost so you have to
drive over to Mexico and if you bleed to
death on the way you know whose fault
that is in my mind that's a Democratic
Party that wasn't funded recruiting
candidates investing in local parties
and that is our fault because we have
put that money to the top five
consultants and part of the conflicts of
interests this is outrageous it's
unethical it's bad governance and
frankly it's fucking excuse me
corruption you'll get him it's about
time somebody said it constable on
patrol so those five consultants are not
happy about those kind of speeches so
that's why they only had the budget seen
by only two people at the DNC one of
them was the chair and oftentimes
according to Donna Brazile they would
even circumvent the chair so goddamn
right it's about time we found out
what's in the budget how all those
people who spent sent money to the DNC
the big donors able to lose their money
that's their business right but for the
small donors for all of you guys who
sent money because you want a
progressive victories they did not
deliver those victories for you guys
they delivered victories and paychecks
for those consultants but we didn't get
what we bargained for
so can we at least see how you spent the
money how you're planning to spend the
money in the future and get
accountability it is the very least we
can ask for now one more
from no michi in this same speech the
majority the pundit budget goes to
vendors so we have to have a
conversation about who are those vendors
and that would happen through a Budget
and Finance Committee or another
committee but I think what's key is that
that committee has oversight and it is
elected because right now these
committees are stacked with whoever the
chair decides is on the committee and I
don't know what the shares interests are
because you know he's been chair for it
for eight months I don't know who's that
he's in line with but we don't have time
we have a freak in the White House and
state legislators controlled by
Republicans and poor state party chairs
like Jane Clyde having to go out there
and fundraise on her own because the
Democratic Party isn't able to allocate
money well all that money we went to
presidential races but it was burned lit
on fire and who suffers as a result of
some consultants getting third fourth
and fifth homes the American people
people being rounded up by ice let's
keep this in perspective right now we
have a duty here and it is not just a
duty to our committee men and the status
quo it's a duty to the American people
to the Democratic Party members to the
DNC chairs to the DNC members the
executive committee menu members and the
people have a fiduciary responsibility
amen preacher's sister teach it
incredibly proud of demeaning counts
there look this is not a part of her job
it is separate from that like I said we
had reporters who went there Ryan grim
and Eric Pilar covered 40 whitey
politics but I'm incredibly proud of no
michi for that speech and for her
tireless effort to bring accountability
to DNC by the way I'm proud of you guys
because young turks viewers are what
gave them money to be able to hire
reporters like Nomi key in the first
place so bless your hearts and I think
she's made a huge difference I now think
the Commission has gotten some results
and we'll get some transparency to that
budget so that Network paid off there's
still a couple steps left and we have to
keep holding their feet to the fire to
make sure that they deliver on that
accountability with the budget also
getting rid of 60% of the
super-delegates and bringing same-day
voter registration at least in the
caucuses so those
some of the results but I wish everybody
at the DNC would be as fired up as no
michi so we can actually get real reform
so that they spend your money to get you
what you bargained for which is
progressive victories
