so Donald Trump has been accused by at
least 16 women of different instances of
sexual harassment sexual assault now I
know that the Democrats recently stepped
down for similar issues John Conyers Al
Franken and at the time I said that
Franken and Conyers should be
investigated at Cana you're stepping
down makes all the sense of the world
and and then when Franken to step down I
said well why shouldn't Trump have the
same standards well today some of his
accusers have come forward and they're
asking the same exact question because
it's the logical one it's a rational one
that any decent person would ask you
know they went on Megyn Kelly's program
they also did a press conference with
brave new films Robert Greenwald
shooting a movie about this and you guys
should all check it out cuz it's a
powerful and interesting story and one
of the accusers Lisa point said this is
something that is so horrific I'm so fed
up of listening to people we take it in
like it's nothing
we shouldn't teach our boys to talk like
this referring to the hollywood access
tapes or access hollywood tapes and and
by the way a lot of the accusers said
that we shouldn't get you know have our
kids learn these lessons whether it's al
franken or donald trump and and and that
this is not a more partisan issue
okay but lisa point also said look if
we're being honest quote of what trump
did was quote 1,000 times worse than
what al franken has done now remember
trump on several occasions is accused of
just grabbing the woman's gentleness
exactly as he said on the access
hollywood tape that he had done in the
past so yes very very bad okay and
rachel crooks who's another one of the
trump's accusers said if they were
willing to investigate senator franken i
think it's only fair that they do the
same for trump we shouldn't let
politicians get away with this so that
does seem fair and that's why as soon as
al franken resigned we put out a
petition which now is getting a lot of
traction or rightfully so saying tea
white tea network.com slash resign
if Al Franken stepped down and he did
now that Al Franken has stepped down
Donald Trump should clearly step down
for far worse behavior towards women why
do we have two different standards it
makes no sense at all we'll have the
link to that petition in the description
box also over here in the corner if you
hit that eye you'll see links there if
you're watching on YouTube on Facebook
we'll have it in the comment section
look Kirsten Gillibrand said something
very similar to what I said on the air
that day
she's now coming out and talking about
how Trump should resign as well she's a
senator from New York let me give you
her quotes
she said President Trump should resign
these allegations are credible they are
numerous I've heard these woman's
testimony and many of them are
heartbreaking and President Trump should
resign his position she went on to say
whether he will ever hold himself
accountable is something you really
can't hold your breath for Congress
should have hearings they should do
their investigation they should have
appropriate investigations of his
behavior and hold them accountable if
they were going to investigate Al
Franken why in the world are they not
investigating Donald Trump yes Congress
can't investigate but only if there's
enough pressure I said on the day that
we launched the petition
I'm not naive enough to think that if we
got a million people to sign the
petition that Donald Trump would go Oh
golly gee I guess I should resign but
perhaps you can do things exactly as
senator Gillibrand is talking about
which is start an investigation just as
you would have in four Conyers for
Franken for Trent Franks Republican or
Democrat and see what that investigation
unfolds at least create that pressure
that's why I want you to sign the
petition and I want there to be an
uprising over this because it's these
issues are monumentally important and I
think some of the Democrats have done
the right thing in in at least owning up
to her Donald Trump has not owned up to
it he should not be rewarded for that
the Republicans turn around go ha ha if
you ever admitted anything it's your
fault and you gotta go but we can do all
the wrong
the world and we're never going to admit
it and so I'm saying it's not true well
good then let's have a congressional
investigation to find out if you should
be forced to resign just as others have
and by the way trent franks is a
republican he also resigned so why are
we holding donald trump to a different
standard he should be the same standard
Gillibrand is right cory booker's now
talked about this Bernie Sanders was the
first to bring it up and Jeff Merkley
and another senator has also now said
that he should resign based on this at a
bare minimum they should have an
investigation to find out what Donald
Trump actually did and Donald Trump says
he's always innocent great that I'm sure
the investigation will show that my
guess is it'll show what he actually did
and if we're to have any kind of decency
and consistency in America at a bare
minimum Congress should do that
investigation and then if it proves to
be what it looks like in public right
now then he should resign just like
everyone else if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm /join
and once you do you'll be saying get
home like a smart person or you might
say I think it's weird or you might say
oops no that won't be that one it won't
be that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
