so Roy Moore has a problem he has a lot
of different problems but top on
everybody's mind because of how much
it's been talked about is how he
molested girls who were 14 and 16 years
old he tried to rape a 16 year old
according to her charges and those
charges appear to be incredibly credible
and in fact most of the Republican
leadership not Donald Trump Donald Trump
is supporting him fully making calls on
his behalf today the RNC has gone back
to supporting Roy Moore but some
Republicans like Mitch McConnell even
his person who could be his colleague by
the end of tomorrow Richard Shelby the
other Republican senator from Alabama
has come out and said no he's not gonna
be voting for him they believe the women
and they believe that Roy Moore had done
these horrific things most reasonable
people have seen the evidence and
completely believe it sowhat's roy
moore's campaign gonna do smear 101
attack the victims classy guys they are
so there's a there's an internal Roy
Moore campaign memo that Vox has
uncovered and it explains we have
prepared a primer that lists the fake
quote/unquote fake news put out by four
women followed by some of the evidence
and responses that has been uncovered
and that show that claims to be entirely
false
so not only call it fake news but call
the women liars so let's get into the
details Bryan
Resnick reporting for Vox explains the
evidence that the accusations are untrue
chiefly rely on Breitbart news and at
times the more campaign itself some of
the efforts discredit the claims attack
the character of the accusers so they
also cite other nonsense conservative
websites like Daily wire among others
and my favorite is they're like no no
it's true that they're liars
and here it is on Roy Moore's website oh
I see it unbiased source like Roy
Moore's website and then they will take
Roy Moore being quoted in other
publications that go see now the
ran a quote for more hence it must be
true everything else they ran wrong but
Roy Moore's quote is obviously a fact so
I get it they got to fool themselves
into believing this they have to mainly
fool their own supporters and volunteers
how to had a that that he didn't do it
and but to me attacking the victims is
the worst thing and and and I talked
about this a lot in the context of Bill
Clinton Bill Clinton hadn't done
anything along these lines but when he
had the affair with Monica Lewinsky I
thought he should not be impeached over
that but the way they smeared Monica
Lewinsky saying that basically she was
lying about it and one of the attention
was deplorable and I've been calling it
out ever since and it was hideous that
they did that now wait till you get a
load of what the more camp is doing okay
so they're gonna go one by one through
the accusers right they're gonna name
names here I want you to understand
they're lying so don't take these as
facts about any of these women okay but
this is their line of attack in the
first case it charges the Tina Johnsons
who says more rope during a law office
has quote pled guilty to writing bad
checks and third-degree theft of
property so in other words she says she
was groped don't worry about whether she
was actually groped or not don't worry
about whether she was molested just say
she's a criminal
saying she's a criminal and smear her
people are gross okay now on to Nelson
this is the one that says that Moore
tried to rape her and push her head down
into his lap when she was 16 years old
it says that Nelson quote didn't even
tell her then-boyfriend who picked her
up shortly after the supposed to assault
so as a 16 year old she made the mistake
of trusting a District Attorney to drive
her home he tries to rape her and then
afterwards throws her out onto the
pavement when she starts screaming and
then takes off when her boyfriend shows
up you think that's the first thing
she's gonna tell him it might be it
might certainly well be random for a lot
of women it would be but some women
might think especially when they're 16
oh my god I got into the car with that
guy what it what are people going to
think and that guy's a district
terney and he just told her before he
threw her out of the car you're a little
girl and I'm a district attorney who do
you think they're gonna believe cuz
that's what predators do now she went on
to tell that story to others who have
now confirmed that she did tell that
story many years ago before Roy Moore
was running for anything so they
actually do have excellent credible
witnesses from the time but they're one
strand as well she didn't tell her
boyfriend right after the attempted rape
has she must be a liar
these people are gross but it's about to
get a little worse the final one the
document notes that Lea Kaufman who has
said more pursued her when she was 14
and he was in his 30s had quote
disciplinary and behavioral problems at
the time why did she get detention in
junior high is that what you guys are
going for now saying oh that
fourteen-year-old what does she get an
in-school suspension at her junior high
how do you as you write the memo how do
you live with yourself man how do you
not quit on the spot as you read the
memo about how you're gonna attack a
woman back when she was a 14 year old
but when you've seen the credible
allegations that he actually took her
into the woods and and and found a way
to separate her from her mom stripped
her nearly naked and then got her to try
to touch his genitals but she had
disciplinary problems in junior high how
do you live with yourself man and these
are the people you can't say they don't
know maybe some ignorant voters in
Alabama will say oh I didn't know the
details I didn't read the details I just
know I like Republicans that I don't
like Democrats that's no excuse
but these people no excuse on top of
notions you've worked for Roy Moore you
know what happened and now you're gonna
go back in time to try to smear a young
girl who's attacked and then they say
they're the party of morality you'll
excuse the rest of us if we don't
believe that at all in fact we think it
might be just the opposite if you like
this
do you love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
