Southern California continues to deal
with devastating wildfires and some of
them have only gotten worse due to high
winds now just to give you a quick
rundown of the estimated damage so far
the four largest fires and there were a
lot of other smaller fires had scorched
a combined 116 thousand acres in Los
Angeles and Ventura counties by Thursday
today in the morning and none of those
fires was even close to being contained
now there were smaller brush fires in
areas like Malibu but firefighters were
able to put them out quickly enough so
they wouldn't spread schools are closed
Road raisers shut and nearly two hundred
thousand people have been told to
evacuate their homes also consider that
winds were strengthening today and
firefighters expected some of these
fires to get worse now the worst fire is
in Ventura County it's known as the
Thomas fire and that has unfortunately
created the most destruction and people
are still evacuated from their homes as
a result of that let's go to graphic 16
it essentially shares the three largest
fires that are affecting people the
Sepulveda Pass fire in bel-air and also
the Creek fire in Sylmar are the two
other fires to take note of now when you
look at the damage that's happened as a
result there have been at least 300
destroyed structures again many of which
are in Ventura County
there have been freeway closures
yesterday one of the most important
freeways in Los Angeles the 405 was shut
down all LAUSD schools in the San
Fernando Valley were closed today nearly
40 horses burned to death in the Sylmar
fire and 116 thousand acres have been
burned thus far but there could be more
damage again because of the fact that
these winds are making the situation a
lot worse now this is the time of the
year where winds are expected in
Southern California but because of a
lack of rain and because of you know dry
brush it's been a dangerous cocktail for
a lot of people living you know near the
hills or in the foothills yeah yeah so
for wildfires at the same time in
December they say that the fire season
is now extended by 40 to 50 days why
climate change yes yes yes it's
definitely climate change okay no one
particular fire is climate change but it
is the fact that we have extended the
fire season by 450 days climate change
of course it is one of the things that
happens in climate change is it sucks
the moisture moisture out of the land
makes it drier which causes bigger and
longer-lasting fires and and it it lasts
longer throughout the day eventually the
whole year is going to be fire season
and so we've got fires when they
shouldn't even exist in December and
then the winds come in and then we've
got disaster on top of disaster climate
change isn't in the future it's right
now we're in the middle of it my kids
schools have smoke and they couldn't go
today because it's been canceled today
and tomorrow because the sky is covered
in smoke it climate change is in our
house it's happening right now la is the
second-largest city in the country and
it's burning down and the whole planet
is literally literally on fire I know
when it happens in other countries we
don't pay attention because as if like
Bangladesh or Botswana are not on the
planet but it didn't happen to me
that's the conserver way of thinking
didn't happen to me so I guess it does
we're on the same planet we can't get
off of it well you know something really
struck me yesterday because the Bella
bel air is clearly a wealthy part of Los
Angeles and and some of the mansions did
burn down yesterday
and I feel terribly for the people that
are impacted and this is not about them
but I wanted to make a point about how
your money can't save you right yeah and
so it doesn't like it the Koch brothers
doesn't matter how wealthy you are it
doesn't matter if you build the moats
around your estates and your mansions
the fact of the matter is you destroy
the planet the planets coming for you
yeah and look you don't have to go to a
hypothetical Koch brothers murdoch's
home is reported to burn down 30 million
dollar home Rupert Murdoch God okay hey
well you were one of guys who lit the
fire you you on Fox News New York Post
every part of your media empire all
throughout the world
you push the agenda that climate changes
in real you found out in Israel when
your house burnt down and I guess he
figures out he's so rich well I got
other houses I mean thank God because
we're actually progressives thank God
you weren't in the house right or loved
ones weren't in the house but how many
houses can you hide - and there's fires
all over the world again your money
can't save you and it's it's just
incredible because climate change is
just an extension of greed capitalistic
American greed and and the reality is
you know they can pretend as if it's not
man-made they can buy off the scientists
and buy off to the science departments
on college campuses to spread propaganda
and misinformation about climate change
but again it's happening now that's not
to say that you know Santa Ana winds
haven't historically happened in the
United States I'm now the United States
in Southern California it's not to say
that drought hasn't historically been a
problem in California but the drought is
now exacerbated by climate change
meaning that drought lasts a lot longer
and these drier conditions coupled with
the high winds are a disastrous
situation when it comes to these
wildfires now I'm gonna go further wait
hold on hold on I just want to by the
way so you might say you guys aren't
scientists you're not experts fine but
meteorologists have been weighing in on
this as well one meteorologist was
quoted as saying the following normally
by this time of year we would have had
enough rainfall to wear this wouldn't be
an issue and now Los Angeles hasn't had
any notable weight rainfall at all in
the last six months and so again that
exacerbates the problem so we're not
knucklehead conservatives we know that
one particular storm or fire doesn't
prove anything by itself that's why you
look at macro trends and we don't need
to be scientists we need to ask the
scientists and we have and 97% of the
world's scientists did not are not
involved at a Chinese hoax if you
believe that you are a moron of the
highest order or you are purposely
immoral and corrupt and lying about it
to try to deceive people to it to
privatize the games and socialize the
losses and you have socialize the losses
we're all bearing the losses here
the macro trends are it Southern
California's dry it is now drier and the
fire season always existed now it is
longer and here it is okay so so Rupert
Murdoch look I I'm drilling beings in
that house I'm very happy about that and
and and I feel terrible for everybody
else's house I don't feel bad for
Murdoch's house not at all not remotely
I hope he has no insurance on it and has
to pay 30 million dollars out of his
pocket that is the chickens coming home
to roost that is climate change coming
home literally in Murdoch's case to
roost and I have no qualms about it
so near a tendon wrote a tweet about it
she I don't agree with her politically
on many many things and then she said
something similar and then had to walk
it back don't walk it back you're right
you're absolutely right you never wish
harm on any human being but to the
property of Rupert Murdoch who caught
who or was one of the people who caused
climate change the first place don't
care at all that his house burned down
in fact if anyone's house is gonna burnt
down it should be Murdoch's what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
