now that the house representatives and
the Senate have both passed their
versions of tax cuts for the wealthy
they have to get together to reconcile
their differences and come up with
legislation that they can all agree on
now keep in mind that even though
there's been a lot of coverage of the
two different versions there's still a
lack of coverage when it comes to
certain provisions in both the House
version and the Senate version and so I
wanted to share it with you guys
just to give you a sense of what
Congress has proposed what's likely to
be included in the final version of the
legislation and what is unlikely to make
it so first the House bill tried to do
away with restrictions preventing
churches and other nonprofit groups from
engaging in political activities
remember churches and religious
organizations are tax exempt so the
whole idea of preventing them or
restricting them from political activity
was that the government shouldn't in any
way subsidize anyone's political
activity and so the house was like yeah
we don't care about that we're going to
write in that we're gonna loosen those
restrictions
luckily the Senate did not agree and
this is not likely to be part of the
final legislation but it's something to
keep in mind it's a terrible idea man
look black churches can go than do
liberal activities a white evangelical
churches are gonna go dude and then
you're intermixing and then not only
does it hurt the government in my
opinion by mixing religion into it but
it then corrupts your religion because
then it's you're worried about who which
politician you're gonna support how
you're gonna funnel money to them and
then you're in bed with politicians in
your is instead of leaving Caesar what
is his and dealing with what is yours
you're now intermingling the two it's a
terrible terrible idea and then it's
gonna encourage people to do things like
okay all right well then the Young Turks
our religion now we're tax exempt what
are you gonna do right and we're gonna
now be able to do any kind of you know
not abide by the regular rules that we
would normally have to abide by it's
preposterous right now keep in mind that
there are religious organizations and
churches that engage in political
activity all the time and for
reason they never face any consequences
for it so whether the house you know was
able to get away with this provision or
not it doesn't really matter they still
get away with their political activism
we see it all the time yeah all right
there's another portion that really
stood out to me that is unlikely to pass
but it should be on your radar because
it gives you a sense of what our
representatives are looking to do now
the House bill also attempted to expand
the 529 college savings accounts for
unborn children so basically they try to
push this notion of personhood for
individuals that haven't even fetuses
that haven't been born yet and it is a
power play by conservatives to further
their agenda to violate reproductive
rights do away with abortion and things
like that
now again this is not something that's
likely to make it to the final version
of the legislation because the Senate
did not its the provision didn't pass a
special Senate or the special Senate
rules so because you it's supposed to be
about financial matters it's not
supposed to be about your abortion
ideology and in the house doesn't care
about that but the Senate by law must
care about that okay so but look at the
Republican ideology so when they're not
restricted by the particular rules of
the Senate they go oh okay
the unborn get a tax cut but ten years
from now when the chickens come home to
roost in this context everyone making
under 75,000 dollars get a tax increase
right now a third of the middle class
gets a tax increase
so the born if they're not rich get a
tax increase but the unborn get a tax
cut but the zygotes are gonna be
thrilled if they had a brain they'd be
thrilled but they don't cuz there's AI
goats
whereas actual human beings are going to
be crushed by this tax book that's right
now there was a proposed tax cut for
alcohol distillers the Senate bill
provides a tax cut on beer wine and
distillers the measure reduces excise
taxes on smaller producers having the
craft beer tax for example from seven
dollars to three dollars and fifty
on the first 60,000 barrels produced
domestically and it reduces taxes
overall at greater production output
well if this one makes sense exactly
they passed these tax cuts for the rich
we're all the we all need to get drunk
so I'm glad that there's gonna be the
beer makers are gonna be making more
money that's really the whole point of
it yeah maybe they'll pass on a tiny
sliver of that tax cut to us from an our
beer might be two cents less so this
provision is likely to be included in
the final version of the tax plan both
the House and the Senate seem poised to
pass it or included I should say I mean
I like craft beer I don't know how I
feel about this I think it's fine I mean
when you consider all the other
provisions that are disastrous this is
not the one that's why are we picking
winners and losers I said conservatives
while we're in favor of free market why
all of a sudden I don't care I mean
maybe I like craft beer maybe I like pot
maybe why are we why what difference
does it make what I like or what
Republic's like it's not about what they
like it's about that there's some
senators and important states that
demanded these particular loopholes for
those craft beer makers why because
they're donors to their campaigns
that's why why are we having these
absurd exceptions right people who
should be most opposed to it
theoretically based on their philosophy
are conservatives well they definitely
do pick winners and losers and to be
fair this provision was included
specifically to appease a Democrat
Oregon Senator Ron Wyden no I know they
say that yeah but it also could affect
senators in Wisconsin and a bunch of
other places and if Ron Wyden wants it I
don't give a damn because they think oh
yo you're gonna protect Democrats no I'm
not I don't want them picking winners
and losers either I actually unlike
Republican legislators and some
Democratic legislators I actually do
believe in the free markets get out of
our way what I don't care if it's craft
beer or industrial B or whatever
you shouldn't have loopholes all right
like winners and losers don't care if
you like craft beer got it okay you
worked you're so salty yeah I need a tax
break for salt yes okay we haven't
gotten to the worst part right so here
are
entities that the GOP consider the
losers okay so who will get tax
increases both the House and the Senate
bills impose a new flat 1.4 percent
excise tax on incomes produced by
University and other private endowments
now endowments are you know it's
basically money that goes toward the
school okay so it's not like these
universities are like yeah we're making
that money and they're fattening their
pockets with it it's money that has to
go back to the universities and
Republicans in both the House and the
Senate are saying let's impose a flat
tax 1.4 percent it's a win-win for them
they get a little bit of revenue it
doesn't actually come out of rich
people's pockets the rich people have
donated to universities but once this in
the endowment it's just for education
and they're like great and we get the
cut education here's the best part
here's the best part okay so they want
to do this flat tax for colleges and
universities but they wanted to make one
exception one exception and who was that
one exception the Senate bill initially
carved out an exception that
specifically would have helped Hillsdale
College in Michigan a school backed by
the wealthy family education secretary
Betsy DeVos but after criticism it was
deleted so the the so-called free market
Republicans tried to sneak into the bill
okay we want to hit everybody that does
education except Betsy divorces school
favorite school which actually helps to
our propaganda we're pro propaganda anti
education and we oh we love the free
market we don't want crony capitalism or
pick winners or losers
unless it's our winners that we're
picking yeah they never cared they never
cared about any of their so-called
philosophy or principles the only thing
they care about is where's my donor
check and then finally another provision
that really stood out to me
the House bill repeals the interest
deduction on various types of bonds
including private activity bonds often
used by municipalities to finance
hospitals housing and other projects so
the reason why that really stood out to
me is because that will have an impact
on affordable house
remember that is funding that is used
for again hospitals and housing projects
a lot of those housing projects include
affordable housing which as we all know
is desperately needed throughout the
United States so those are the types of
things that they want to attack in terms
of getting rid of deductions or
increasing taxes on but when it comes to
things like private jets or you know
alcohol distillers they don't lower the
taxes those are the people that fund us
those are the people that look out for
us those are the people that we like
tacked onto the Senate bill is a section
title 2 which also opens the Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas
drilling for the first time in a
generation that was done because Lisa
Murkowski has been aggressively pushing
for it and it seems as though both the
House and the Senate are poised to
include it in the final draft of the
legislation so my favorite was that they
all stay another thing they try to sneak
in but got caught was teachers who are
by school supplies for their kids
because the public schools don't have
enough money because Betsy DeVos and her
family
robbed them of that money to put it into
their private education in there and
with charter schools and their religious
schools they don't have enough money so
there D such wonderful human beings they
pay out of their own pocket but they get
a deduction for the money that they use
on their kids right on their school
children know who they want to take that
away they want to take it away
so once it became public they're like
you're gonna take away the teachers out
of the goodness of their heart buying
school supplies for the kids who don't
have school supplies and take away that
deduction like Oh their hand got caught
in the cookie jar like oh that's what we
despise the middle class we despise
teachers we don't give a damn about your
kids education we don't want them to
live the American Dream they would
compete with our kids right then okay so
then I go fine we'll take our hand out
of the cookie jar but meanwhile it's
still in the bill a provision to close
to create a new loophole for private
jets so what happened I thought you were
closing loopholes they've created a new
loophole for private jets yes they have
first of all they have continued
supporting deductions and loopholes that
benefit the wealthy but they have can
assistant Lee gone after the deductions
that help the working class and the
middle class right and so this is again
just another example of that and what I
would I beg people to just finally admit
and I'm talking specifically to the
Trump supporters who said that they
ignored the grabbing audio and all
the unsavory behavior by Trump because
they're the little guys and they need
someone to look out for them and their
best interests especially when it comes
to the economy I need you guys to
finally admit that the GOP and the Trump
administration don't care about you
don't care about your economic situation
and will only make your economic
situation worse this is not a haha
told-you-so thing it's just me making a
desperate plea to think about what's
going on and and bite to change things
fight for a better country that actually
does look out for us because that's this
is not what's going on right now
this is terrible this tax plan this GOP
tax plan has a 30 percent approval
rating Democrats and Republicans hate it
but they're still pushing forward with
it
Anna you're way Kiner than me today I I
think that if you think in national
Republican politician as your best
interests in mind in your average
middle-class American you're an absolute
fool and they and a fool and his money
are easily separated they're gonna take
your money and give it there's a tax
deduction to people who own private jets
remember what they said about this bill
in the first place
oh no we're cutting it's tax reform not
even tax cuts now they've given up that
pretense it's because we're gonna cut
taxes but then we're gonna close the
loopholes and that's why it's going to
be revenue neutral now it blows a 1.6
trillion dollar hole in the deficit oops
yeah we're just kidding don't care about
the deficit never cared and on top of
that we're not closing the loopholes for
the rich we're increasing the loopholes
for the rich you're an idiot if you
voted for Republicans so you deserve it
you deserve to have your money robbed
and give it over to the donors of the
Republican Party sorry but you're a
moron and that's what happened you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
