earlier this week Donald Trump's lawyer
said that Donald Trump cannot commit
obstruction of justice but he really
shouldn't have worried about it because
we've got the results of a new poll
showing that many Republicans actively
want him to break the law these are
coming from a survey by the Public
Religion Research Institute and take a
look at these numbers nearly two-thirds
of Republicans 66% classified as always
Trump supporters agreed that quote
because things have gotten so far off
track in this country we need a Luther
leader who is willing to break some
rules if that's what it takes to set
things right so those are the like the
core Trump supporters what about all
Republicans well more than half of all
Republicans 55% or republican-leaning
independents share the same view as
always Trump backers on rule-breaking
that support for authoritarian rule
breaking was also shared by 35 percent
of Republicans who say they would never
support Donald Trump so they're saying
they want him to come in and because of
the you know they see a little bit of
chaos they think that things have gone
awry culturally militarily economically
we need a strong man to come in and who
cares if he breaks a few rules where
have we heard that before it'll probably
turn out well okay but I actually have a
little bit of a surprising opinion on
this but I think this story needs to be
bifurcated so on the one hand bringing
the laws a terrible idea
so let me just go on that that's the
part you would expect me to say right
so when Trump comes in and for example a
law he could break is he's not supposed
to enrich himself but he decides yeah
I'd like to enrich myself I'd like to
take bribes
is that like cool law breaking the year
in favor okay now he's not even he's not
that unsophisticated he doesn't have to
take bribes you could just say oh you
give me this and you know a nice little
deal where I could build a hotel in your
country and maybe get a little bit
better trade deal you know you come stay
at my hotels or the easiest thing in the
world I pass a giant tax cut or myself
which is exactly what he's doing right
so now that but that one is not breaking
the law to be fair right so literally
rewriting the law in his on his behalf
but you don't want to - I don't
you want him to break was I think that's
a really dangerous precedent and I would
always counsel against and so if you
that means you don't respect the rule of
law and ironically he ran on the rule of
law and there was a law and order
candidate so if you say yeah it's
awesome when my strongman breaks the law
then you're not law for law and order
your for the opposite yeah on the other
hand the other part is and that's why
this was kind of vague violate political
norms
well yes I agree I want a rule breaker
who violates political norms because I
think the political norms are terrible I
think you think some of the political
arms are yes of course so I think that
they're set by the establishment I think
that they are to favor the status quo
and I would violate political norms and
often do and and then I'm you know I get
the finger wagged at me quite often you
know know know for example political
Normandy C is be gentle to the elites is
as long as you're polite to the elites
and you don't offend anyone personally
you could create do war crimes kill
innocent civilians imprison
african-americans that disproportionate
rates you know and the list goes on and
on you can do horrible things to the non
elites but you must be polite to the
elites well I don't agree with that
political norm and I think that I don't
blame Republican voters and I bet you a
decent amount of progressive voters if
you frame the question accurately would
say yeah you're goddamn right we should
violate that political door there are
some though like for instance that
generally a president gets to choose who
goes on to the Supreme Court
that's a norm mm-hmm I guess you don't
always have to follow it and we would
prefer that some they do well and
there's a lot of stuff like that like
the filibuster that's really just a norm
as a cultural thing it's not a law or
anything like that and we've seen
already that they can chip away at it
and maybe you know maybe you only need
51 centers then you get to do whatever
the hell you want on everything so
there's certain norms that are necessary
for our democracy to function in a way
that seems functional yes and no okay so
you can see even in this conversation
the question is too vague right now it
depends on what you mean by norms but I
don't even concede some of the things
that you mentioned
so yes the Republicans blocked America
Ireland for a year which violated the
norms etc and they were happy to do it
in the Democrats of course was as usual
pathetically weak and they let them do
it but if I were to get in charge or a
progressive that we favored were to get
in charge would I strike back and
violate any norm I'd like in along those
lines to fight back against her problem
is yes yes I how do you think they'd
respond to that they would they would
hugged norms in the future no no then
they would break the norms and it would
break the norms we've seen this before
they would cry and then we would break
their back and then after we win and we
set the country on a progressive path
then we would come up with logical norms
okay and I would argue that that not
confirming the candidate the nominees of
a president is not a logical norm you
should confirm them so hopefully we
would get back to sanity on that issue I
actually don't believe in the filibuster
so I the but it exists and the
Republicans broke the record on it
that's a fact and the media won't we'll
call it 50/50 and that they helped to
aid and abet the lies of the Republicans
when they do that okay
on the other hand why do I have to be
held up by Orrin Hatch and his donor
friends if if Bernie Sanders wins and we
have majorities in the Senate in that
and and in the house I wouldn't play
patty cakes like Obama did well we have
a supermajority but should we really and
we should really ask around and no no
we're good yeah and if the filibusters
in the way I'd get rid of the filibuster
yeah yeah that that's totally fine I'm
mostly just it's thought experiment but
you know turnabout is fair play
like there's a lot of stuff that they
can RAM through and we're seeing the
attempts to do it so we just have to
understand when we sign notice something
we might love it it might be great but
there's also the risk that it will bite
us on the ass and you know give 1.5
trillion dollars to the wealthiest
people in the country and by the way a
great example last thing on this of the
upside and the downside of that and I
recognize that there's a huge downside
so I know what you're saying John is FDR
so he violated some norms that were that
he showed not a viral court packing the
Supreme Court no that's unacceptable
right the internment camps beyond
unacceptable and those are Riley
we shouldn't have never done on the
other hand so those were the downsides
in their super reel on the the upsides
were also super real
oh the Republicans said you shouldn't do
this and you should me he said yeah
that's interesting but I'm doing social
security and we're done with it we're
doing the New Deal and we're done with
it we're actually signed me up for those
Norman breakages exactly and they
thought it was so bad it violated the
norms of the establishment so much they
plotted a coup against them which is not
just norm breaking but law breaking yeah
they should have hung for that by the
way but anyway luckily we saved the
Republic and you should read about that
it's a really amazing story
so within bounds of Reason violating
norms but never the law yeah one of the
reasons I wanted to cover this though is
just bear in mind let's say that
hypothetically we had a president who
looks like the sort of person with the
sort of behaviors that he probably broke
some laws and let's say hypothetically
that there was a special council
investigating him and they turn up proof
that crimes were committed prepare for a
significant portion of the country to
not care regardless of the evidence you
might have been seeing that some some of
that for the past year but even once
it's very clear there will be a
significant portion of the country which
does not care because like in other
countries like Turkey and Russia and
stuff like that if they're if their
culture personality based around a
strong authoritarian leader if he says
that what he's doing is right that is
what they will go for so it's a great
point but Jon and and the most important
made in the me in this story which is
it's one thing about argument about the
vagueness of norms as I've been saying
throughout laws are a different thing
but yes some percentage of these folks
are saying no I don't care if he breaks
the law I don't care so when when Trump
said that I could shoot somebody on
Fifth Avenue and get away with it it
turns out he was right and so but when
you apply that in the real world if the
special counsel said he enriched himself
by making a deal with Vladimir Putin and
then colluded and then was going to set
US policy based on what he promised
Putin because of a financial deal or a
collusion or whatever it might be if if
that's the case some significant chunk
of the country is gonna say I don't care
I don't believe in democracy I don't
believe in rule of law I
the lawbreaker I want the strong man
who's authoritarian who will be king and
I will bow down to and if you're trying
to remove them from office
then what won't they do God Only Knows
break some rules maybe exactly you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
