time's 2017 Person of the Year has been
chosen
we had the shortlist earlier this week
and now we know it is these silence
breakers the women and some cases men
who helped to come forward despite the
very real possibility that would be
devastating them financially in terms of
their career in terms of their
reputation to talk about the sexual
harassment and sexual assault
they had personally faced or been
exposed to and that began this process
that eventually moved into certain
social movements you had the hashtag me
too and a number of other things like
that which have has created this moment
where in media and at politics in some
other areas including business people
are being held accountable in a way that
they have never been held accountable
before certainly not in these numbers
and at such high positions of power and
authority so the silence breakers were
chosen we could show you this cover of
Time magazine here you're gonna see some
of the women who are involved in this
there's some controversy as well which I
would prefer now to focus too much on
one is a some people said look at the
elbow of the woman being cut off it's
sort of messed up of them to cut a woman
off when they brought her in for the
photo but they responded that no that is
an intentional thing it's to represent
the women that they've talked to who
still don't feel like they can come out
openly and they will tell their stories
but they feel they must do it
anonymously and so the woman who is her
face is hidden there is a representative
of that and we also have a short video
we're only gonna play you a little bit
of it but talking about this moment that
these these women and others have helped
to achieve we can't all be sluts we
can't all be asking for it I am here to
give you permission to be angry this
reality might not have to be our reality
anymore
I felt this crushing sense of
powerlessness this is the time to take
my power back
here's my story and pronunciation into
sexual harassments news cutting its ties
with bill over I felt it was my duty for
the women who are silenced to be brave
at work at the Plaza saying it's okay to
stand up for yourself Swift appearing
this time Harvey Weinstein the new
people forget a lot that there's a human
behind this someone who was very hurt
thought maybe things could change from
my daughter I never thought things could
change from me
as I said that's just a portion of the
video you can find the full video on
time , and we'll put it in the
description box whenever we reference a
video or an article it's almost always
in the description box below if you're
watching on YouTube or and often times
in the comment section on Facebook so a
great selection it makes perfect sense
it seems in it maybe maybe not in
hindsight but certainly in hindsight
that it almost had to be yeah and and of
course it has to be a collection of them
can't just give it to one of the women
because so many were brave and came out
and and if you're many more were
profiled in the magazine obviously only
so many are on the cover but many people
were a part of this not just immediately
but you know you can go back to the
origins of the the movement before there
was even Twitter right and some are more
women you don't recognize one from who
came out at uber and talked about sexual
harassment in the workplace etc some are
the ones you do recognize Ashley Judd
one of the first to come out against
Harvey Weinstein Taylor Swift three if
you remember that now it seems like it
was a million years ago but it was
actually just a couple of months ago
when she sued for just $1 just to prove
a point of a DJ who had grabbed her ass
and and proved in court that he had and
had tried to sue her yes because she
came out against it right now though all
the other cases I think you could make
for personally your honestly is for
Donald Trump because he's caused such
mayhem the person of the year is not
something that is this can be
congratulatory in this case it's
laudatory that that women had the
courage to come out but it's also given
the people who have had great impact for
better or for worse and Stalin Hitler
etc and Trump was a person of the year
last year and definitely that was
accurate he was for better or for worse
and this year he was the runner-up and
which of course he was bitter about and
complained about earlier and did that
pre-emptive tweet like oh I didn't want
it anyway I turned it down
yeah and think about now that you know
who the Person of the Year is he's
saying oh yeah the women who were abused
including by Donald Trump got it well I
didn't want it anyway I turned it down I
could have had it instead of those
chicks but I didn't want it yeah that's
why they gave it to the women instead
yeah he also congratulate
the time popular vote but he still won
the time electoral college and he also
bragged that they technically got first
but he got second and he's exactly the
sort of sexual abuser that they're
organizing against so he's really one
and two so I would like to congratulate
him on that yeah but anyway yes it's a
it's a great choice there were you know
obviously you know Colin Kaepernick and
his movement incredibly important as
well I thought that those those were
both possibilities symbolically Bob
Muller's
is certainly a possibility if they
wanted to really you know give the
finger to Donald Trump which I guess
this also does but yeah they're
obviously this is just the beginning of
this movement and there will be a lot
more heads rolling that has again been
long overdue but it's great to see the
recognition in this particular flow well
and I know what you're thinking yes yes
but who's the Turk of the year in the
jerk of the year which is what we do at
the end of the year every year well
you're gonna have to hold because we do
wait till the very end
candidates could still come in okay put
pressure on you because they came out
first so now if you choose someone else
you gotta explain why yeah I hear you
previous jerks of the year have been Ted
Cruz Donald Trump among others yeah oh
oh I remember no it hasn't been Donald
Trump because I actually I can't say why
I had to do research on this this
morning and 2015 was Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi Donald Trump was a runner up
again he's a runner up never the bride
and last year do you remember who was oh
I thought it was last year Trump maybe I
long I'm sorry it wasn't I think he was
in the top five it was Debbie
wasserman-schultz
oh because we let people vote oh yes yes
yes so their arguments to be made anyway
so will will get give you the candidates
a little bit later in the month and then
we'll have a final decision for you guys
but this is a nice appetizer the Ives
Person of the Year for for the real
course which is of course our Awards
alright wait for us to make a serious
story totally goofy yeah that's totally
my fault I think time did a great job
really and the women did a great job
yeah and calling out what was as we've
said on the show many times a sea-change
a cultural change now it's one thing to
have change in politics and sometimes
policy and and and some are really
important like Affordable Care Act it
does it changes policy in a really
important way but a cultural change is
actually the largest change you could
have and and I think these women in
their great courage have caused a
cultural change which could protect
millions of women going forward from
here on out so richly deserved and great
job my time in in pointing it out you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
