really fast one more video listen
carefully to what Trump tries to say I
mean says here let us rethink old
assumptions and open our hearts and
minds to possible and possibilities and
finally I asked the leaders of the
region politically religious Israeli and
Palestinian Jewish and Christian and
Muslim to join us in the noble quest for
lasting peace thank you god bless you
god bless israel god bless the
Palestinians and God bless the United
States thank you very much thank you
he's even have a bit of trouble there
the theory is that his dentures were
coming loose and he was trying to like
keep them in place for him to finish
saying okay I don't have direct
experience with dentures perhaps that's
what happened okay that was really weird
yeah if I was a right-winger I would
immediately think I knew it those are
people TYT membership gets your
commercial-free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm / join
