so we're about halfway through christine
Blasi Ford's testimony perhaps even more
than halfway through it a great number
of Republican senators have ceded their
time to the prosecutor Rachel Mitchell
who's asking the questions on their
behalf and then the Democratic senators
have been asking the questions
themselves as is normal procedure so
about Rachel Mitchell the prosecutor
they were holding was brought in this is
very important on a couple of council
number one there was concern on our part
that she would be very aggressive
against doctor Bazzi she has not been
okay so far and so in fact that goes a
point to I
I was waiting for what I've been calling
the live coverage sure is the turn and
and the turn is okay a prosecutor or
anyone trying to ascertain the facts of
a situation well first get lay of the
land
we'll get the facts set up is that your
recollection that this happened when did
that happen where did it happen etc and
then at some point they'll turn and ask
more probing questions now are you
really sure about this but how about
this right now this late into the
proceedings the turn has not happened so
she's just going through different fact
patterns what happened at that time this
she got to what happened when you
started to reveal these allegations who
did you reveal it to which paper which
congressperson how when did you get an
attorney what did you say they were
afraid of flying - and why and so so far
if she's trying to catch her in a lie
and now I'm beginning to believe that
Rachel Mitchell is on the level and is
not necessarily trying to prove a case I
don't know because we've not at the end
yet but it's just trying to ascertain
what's happening if she is an honest
actor in that way she might simply just
be going through all this and go okay we
got the information we needed in there
grow really no inconsistencies
what a great fragile it was like I would
love to ask dr. kay judge Kavanagh some
yeah well I would love that yes I mean
and by the way it's weird to her right
if she only asks yeah I assume she
wasn't supposed to have stuck together
on quarters so I will see how what
happens later in the night in the day
cuz I'm soon coming in slime and they
can't imagine they would let it the sex
crimes prosecutor asked questions the
judge Gavin oh hey it's not but by the
way why did you bring her here she's a
sex crimes prosecutor and you're not
gonna ask the person yeah you know why
I'd say yeah so we'll look into that and
obviously if you're watching this it's
some later time or another platform
which happens because we do put these
videos everywhere we were all on these
important issues
we're always live TYT calm slash live
that's where we are right I got a little
update on Trump today cuz he's obviously
watching Gabriel Sherman we all know is
sort of brought down Roger Ailes and Fox
News
now advantage fair tweeted today that
Trump is telling people that he's
furious that White House aides didn't
give him advance knowledge of how
credible dr. Ford would be but look why
did you assume that she was lying why
did she talk about that if you don't
know anything okay
the man has no ability to do any work
he can't read past the page he doesn't
want to do any homework
he's a childish Brad makes assumptions
and then afterwards it is Trump 101 to
blame someone else you jump to
conclusions
you said Cavanaugh was a hunt it was
telling the truth and you were a hundred
percent sure of it
and now when you watch it and go oh
goddamn it it looks like she's telling
the truth and then you're like okay who
do I blame you
yeah White House aide why didn't you
tell me why did you look into yourself
you're the President of the United
States why did you ask the earlier so
just to be clear apparently I was we
were wrong of course as she is she would
also question red Cavanaugh okay good
that's okay just want to make sure so
the shit that's coming up later
we're shoe question Cavanaugh and I'm
super interested in that as well
will she make it turn there or
we should just lay out the facts like
she's been doing with dr. Blasi here so
now as I mentioned as we're doing
basically the play-by-play and we're
watching it together with you guys
Rachael Mitchell could end this entire
thing not not right now but if they ask
her tomorrow did you find her credible
and she says yes I absolutely found her
credible and Cavanaugh has done because
the Republicans brought in a Republican
prosecutor she had a chance to ask her
questions in place of eleven Republican
senators if at the end of those
questions she says I saw no
inconsistencies than I found the witness
to be credible it's pretty much over so
now I don't know that Rachel Mitchell's
going to do that at all and I don't know
if there's gonna be a turn yet
you know where she then gets more
aggressive with dr. posny but it hasn't
happened yet I don't know to what degree
she'll be aggressive or not with
Kavanaugh but we'll see how that goes
but right now as things stand the reason
that you're getting hearing the reaction
that Ben's been reading to you whether
it was Chris Wallace from Fox News or or
Trump according to people inside the
White House is because to anyone that
isn't massively biased and apparently to
some that even our she looks very very
credible that's why Fox News is like
what's going on here and and and Trump
is like okay
why did you guys have me stick my neck
out for Kavanagh if it turns out she was
telling the truth
now again it's reported from someone
inside the White House to Gabriel
Sherman I know the mag girl will say
fake news etc but that seems to be the
universe reaction and and by the way
with the right-wing the way that it
works is that in the in the moment
sometimes there'll be genuine reaction
24 hours later they'll go right back to
talking points so the question is
Cavanaugh survivalists 24 hours etc that
they'll fall right back in line so don't
don't give mislead about Seung Min Kim
who was a white at a White House
reporter for The Washington Post
tweeted this just a minute or so ago
asked whether
he asked whether he believes Ford is
credible senator Orrin Hatch says it's
early but quote I don't think she's
uncredible orrin hatch was the number
one most aggressive Republican senator
against her so far and he and he had
called the charges earlier phony and
they said how do you know they're phony
he's like I just know okay now after
watching that for the morning as
basically you guys and we have done
together here he saw the same thing we
saw he's like it was pretty credible
oops so that is a massive historic oops
so now when I turn to Cavanaugh for a
second
what's his track record on whether he's
credible or not so at a minimum there
are two significant lies that he is told
in previous judicial hearings he had
said and remember he's gone up the
ladder here in federal appointment judge
appointments and so that's why he had
hearings earlier in those hearings he
was asked about Charles Pickering did
you work on his nomination when you were
at the Bush White House shepherding
judicial nominations through and he
basically indicated that he had at best
a minor role but pretty much nothing
okay emails came out later showing he
was the primary person who shepherded
Pickering through Pickering was a very
controversial nominee eventually did not
make it through and and there was a lot
of scandal and controversy around him so
Cavanaugh said farewell may another new
with it and emails proved that he
absolutely did and he was the primary
person backing Pickering in the bush
White House that's a very very
significant loss that was like in 2004
or perhaps early piggery nomination was
in 2001 and then he lied about it later
in in hearings but when he was up for
appointment and so that's that's
borderline massive that and that's it
I'm gonna say a strange thing to lie
about and I'll tell you why I get why he
wants lying about I get his reason like
I don't want any part of taking English
bullet it was tinged with the
change of racism probably perhaps
appropriately which caused his
nomination to be derailed and and judge
Cavanaugh didn't want any part of that
didn't want us so I get you don't want
that political damage is you're going up
the ranks but if you know for a fact
that you were the guy who did it and did
there are emails and those emails by the
way later will become public because
that's their public record when you work
at the White House that's a pretty
brazen lie to tell so that gives you a
little bit of insight into his character
on that and then on the issue of Manuel
Miranda it was a Republican staffer
apparently and this is a rough
recollection here it was definitely a
Republican staffers yeah who had access
to stolen Democratic emails and
documents and they asked Cavanaugh if he
knew about it he said no absolutely not
later emails released I believe earlier
this year nor or last year showed nope
Cavanaugh clearly know about him clearly
got the emails in fact one of the emails
I think communicated with Miranda yeah
and and one of the emails had the
description spying right okay so another
massive brazen lied by Cavanaugh so and
I tell you that as context for what I
think it was he asked about the Miranda
emails in in this confirmation process
or when he was up for the circuit court
I believe it was for the circuit court
but he's lied twice at two different
confirmations Russ Feingold wrote an
article yeah former senator from
Wisconsin saying he was part of the
people who ask the questions that
Cavanaugh lied to us earlier person he
asked Miranda questions yeah and and he
said judge Cavanaugh has literally never
appeared before the Senate without lying
okay so one side appears to be very
credible even according to orrin hatch
okay not uncredible yes on the other
side has a history of not being credible
so then let's go to the main event here
so these are the things that that you
have to be thinking about in the whole
country in these senators are thinking
about as they're looking at these
hearings is she telling the truth that's
job one to determine that because if
there was
an attempted rape by a Supreme Court
nominee he's not likely to make it out
to the court if you believe she's
telling the truth so far that seems to
be a huge check it seems even by earlier
Republican reaction there's no reason
not to believe her and her answers to
the prosecutor have been excellent so
hey do you remember this honest where
she remembers it honest where she
doesn't giving great details as to why
she did the things that she did there's
been no trip up the closest thing to it
was you're afraid of plays but you took
a lot of plane rights sure okay can I
jump in on Donald Trump jr. here
relevance to that yeah Donald Trump jr.
I'm no psychological professor not a
point he needed to make I'm no
psychological professor but it does seem
weird to me that someone could have a
selective fear of flying can't do it to
testify but for vacation wealth not a
problem at all so yeah so that's the
best they've got and it is a thin thin
read and remember the flying has nothing
to do with the substance of allegations
the flying is could she have come in
earlier to Washington to talk to the
Republicans not remotely a big issue in
terms of the substance abuse and by the
way there are plenty of people who don't
fly when they don't have to
plenty many yeah I mean that you're like
you're like yeah I hate flying I have a
fear of flying obviously if I have to
for work I go if my grandmother is sick
across the country I go and I go for
vacation but I hate it if I don't have
to go I don't flies they have a family
member who's afraid of flying any flies
all the time he goes between Turkey and
America and Europe etc why because we
live in a connected world that he's got
to fly even though he hates it yeah
that's it's a and that's the thing that
they're hanging their hat on their toast
they're done okay so all right so is she
telling the truth so far seems
exceedingly credible is there a chance
of mistaken identity
well they the Republicans through this
curveball last night where they talked
about oh my god you know we we've got
two people who have volunteered that
they did the sexual assault well first
of all which one and that's kind of
curious that two different people would
say no no maybe I did the sexual assault
I did it right and okay well is it Bob
or is it Steve which one is it right so
and we have no evidence nothing about
whether they're in any way credible no
information about it it's just a red
herring it appears thrown in at the last
second well yeah she was asked about it
she said 100% positive that is spread
Cavanaugh
by the way unlikes ramirez who the
second accuser doesn't appear to be in
my estimation 100% positive and it's a
good thing if if you're trying to arrive
at the truth here
the Christine Blasi Ford came forward
first and she's the one testifying here
and and because she makes a very
credible witness now the third question
is doesn't matter and we talked to you
earlier about how there was a poll that
was done that came out yesterday 54% of
Republicans saying even if he did it it
doesn't matter and that was before they
watched her say he covered my mouth and
I thought I might die and I couldn't
breathe and and watching her say it I'd
be surprised even as much disdain as I
have a Republican voters who selected
Trump at this late date that even
Republican voters especially female
Republican voters looked at that and
thought nah at it it doesn't matter it
was no big deal and that's a hell of a
thing to say on an attempted rape with
those details so I think that for the
overall and in the poll indicates for an
overwhelming majority of Americans
overall it of course matters right
real quick Perry bacon of 538 said I
hate to be cynical but it sure is like
sure looks like Mitchell was brought in
not to use her expertise in sexual
crimes so to be a friendly female face
and casting forward as a liar Mitchell's
resume and title make it a bit harder to
say she was just hired because she was a
woman but the last several rounds of
questioning have been basically like a
regular attorney trying to raise doubts
about a witness and and not doing mm-hmm
but yeah but if that is her purpose it
is certainly not succeeded so finally I
come back around to the line so
even if you're in that minority of folks
in the country who think okay yeah maybe
it happened but goddamn it the guy was
17 he's 53 now that's not the same guy
and yeah it's bad but I don't know how
bad it is and as we talked about earlier
some now you know people man on the
street so it's not a senator or Trump or
anything like that but man in the street
Republican voter is being interviewed by
including by the way by us we went to a
trump rally I'm a got a lot of
Republican voters on the record saying
it's just groping it's no big deal right
well then let me ask you this is this
lying a big deal because he's clearly
lying on two other occasions and if you
think well he did it but he was 17 and
and I'm not gonna hold him for it
well are you gonna hold him accountable
for what he's doing now at the age of 53
which appears to be clearly lying about
what happened at 17 that's why I think
the fateful decision the Kavanagh made
was back when the allegations first came
out are you gonna try to cover it up and
say it didn't happen where I gonna say
you know I can't believe what I did was
a lot I was 17 it was really embarrassed
he said there's some things I just said
that I cringe at he should have included
that yeah and but he didn't and so and
he said she's it's not true
it never happened I wasn't at that party
at this point that doesn't seem very
credible and and so underlying alone at
this point on such an important issue
done so there are so real quick there
are so few elected Republican officials
in the country who have significantly
distanced themselves from Trump and have
a degree of this sort of old-school
Republican that we talk about often on
the show many of them are governors
three today Charlie Baker Massachusetts
three popular ones Charlie Baker
Massachusetts Larry Hogan of Maryland
John Kasich of Ohio called on the Senate
to delay the Cavanaugh nomination and
investigate the three allegations those
are three Republicans so here we are
about a quarter of the way a third of
the way through the proceedings as we
cover in live and more than more than
three-quarters the way through Fords
testimony yeah because we got Cavanaugh
coming in next and my best estimation
right now is that they will withdraw him
and fairly quickly that's my best guess
right now because this is not going well
for them she seems very credible it is a
very serious charge and he denied it a
hundred percent meaning that if you
believe her then he's lying and that is
a lie too far and and let me be clear
about what I mean by a line too far I'm
not in the gullible media that says oh I
believe him when he says he's neutral
and he'll go on the Supreme Court and
just call balls and strikes and won't
care take his conservative idea ideology
into account because he'll look case by
case nonsense they all lie about that
so I'm not naive I get in those standard
lies the political lies that we outlined
earlier the Pickering and Myranda lies
are a different category in our perjury
and and I think are serious this third
lie is if if you believe it's a lyin I
certainly do now untenable unacceptable
and and ends his nomination in one
little piece of breaking news now
because apparently it's a reading here
from ABC and Chadwick Madeline at 538
that only one major news event at a time
President Trump has postponed today's
meeting with rod Rosenstein see that's
another indication it's a small small
indication but if they thought it was
going well or or they thought they could
recover they would want to do a
distraction like it or it's going poorly
but I we think we could turn the corner
I think they'd go rod Rosen Stein we
fired him distraction is Center I might
be overeating it into that but it seems
like that it's it's another sign of like
we cannot to me it's like they all right
everything that we can't save this right
now and this will only make it seem like
I'm clearly doing doing something else
crazy like it's just Ottomans the crazy
I yeah I don't know or you know or a
normal person got to him and said you
know John Kelly convinced him not today
just stop yeah so
and before our turn is over here and
we'll continue covering it live with all
different young turks hosts am i seeing
it wrong here I know we're both on the
same side but I mean just as the real I
think she's an unbelievably credible
believable person so the question is
what does that do and and and if I would
only say that what you're not what
you're what you're not taking into
account is that if Cavanaugh who was
Stephen Republic Bret Baier said today
was stiff and robotic in his previous
testimony right so Bret Baier from Fox
News so even if if Cavanaugh is very
good in the afternoon then that returns
to even it out and it is the thing that
ends the day on it so Republicans can
then go from saying well she was
credible to saying you know he's clearly
a good man he answered all these charges
as we did it as best we could we heard
from both let's vote tomorrow and of
course that's once they've secured from
flake corker burkowski and Collins that
they're on board it's very unlikely
which you wants the committee votes and
then leading to the Senate vote I don't
see the Senate voting with any suspense
right I mean if there's a vote he's good
I think he's gonna get confirmed unless
there's it became like oh you know but
so great a very rare we don't want drama
we want his his name withdrawn or or he
saying however they work it out but
there's no vote so so what Ben is saying
is that if they're gonna lose they won't
vote obviously so they don't want to be
embarrassed publicly so if Murkowski
Collins or of anybody else they just
need two Republican senators to vote
against them goes to McConnell and says
I heard enough we're done just just
really no withdrawal just remember we're
all like jurors right now theoretically
in a Matt and and and when you hear the
prosecution's case
you know many jurors have said
unbelievably I've never sat on a jury
but you hear jurors say the prosecution
goes and and like man he did it right
and then the defense goes and then
they're like wow they have railroaded
this guy you know so so Brett Kavanaugh
stiff and robotic in his previous
testimony so I I'm dubious that he'll be
able to pull this off but but it
wouldn't I'm not in
I don't discount it completely so you
can't say that this is over until we've
heard from Brett Kavanaugh he will have
the last word and a chance to and again
he doesn't need to dispute what she said
he just needs to be able to make 51
Republicans think yeah credible that
guy's also credible yeah so two things
about that one we should all reserve
judgment until we hear from him as well
I mean right now it looks really close
to done in my opinion as I've told you
throughout today and I didn't say that
before today I'm saying it today is now
that I've seen her but of course we're
gonna watch Cavanaugh and see what he
has to say and of course you should be
fair to him in here amount of no
question about that that's the substance
on the politics yes if he comes forward
and and in the Republicans specifically
demanded that he goes second so that
that's what you remember at the end and
he comes forward and puts it his own
credible defense on there they'll be
able to say politically just like
Brennan said we heard him both and they
both sound good but it's a toss-up
region so we're going with you have a
distinguished career as an exemplary man
a great family man great family so our
job is to look to do a couple things but
most importantly is to analyze the
reality of what's happening okay and my
analysis I mean I'm trying super hard
not to be colored by my perspective on
this is is that right now if I had to
guess as to which direction they're
gonna go
I would definitely guess significantly
so that they were strong well I'm not
gonna guess but she was great and and
she still has a little time left but it
was and it's a reminder and you see it
on Twitter to every guy and it's a
reminder what every what almost every
woman already knew and many guys needed
reminders of which is there's a very
specific reason why women don't come
forward and you just experienced it
right there yeah I mean her story about
how they the uproarious laughter as they
covered her mouth and she couldn't
breathe oh god it's chilling and she's
you know partly weeping during it the
need for the second door and front door
in her house it took it took her naming
the person took until a dispute and an
argument with her husband about interior
decorating like and and and that came
thirty two years thirty thirty years
after the event happened yeah and so and
when I say I think they'll withdraw him
that means not only do I believe her and
not only do I think the majority of
Americans will believe her but I think
that she was so convincing the
Republicans will think this is
politically untenable for us so that's
where I'm at right now as we stand and
and as always I want to thank our
members for being this coverage possible
and you can get any of this coverage
live or on tape if you remember
including all of our shows of course TYT
comm slice join to become a member and
make this possible thanks for watching
this free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
comm / join
