I remember when the Republicans were
pretending to care about Roy Moore
molesting young girls now let's go over
the story real quick one more time so he
was accused of dating many girls under
the age of 16 and he said that he did do
that under the age of 18 I should say
and he said no no but they were legal
age the ones that I dated they were 16
and above and I liked a good gentleman
in my 30s I asked their parents if I
could date there are 16 year old
daughters and I would kiss them and do
other sexual things with them okay all
right those are so he says but no that's
okay it's legal legal age in in Alabama
16 but of course a 14 year old had very
credible allegations that he sexually
assaulted her
and then we found out about the 16 year
old who did not agree to date him and he
tried to rape in a parking lot so I
think some Republicans did the right
thing and some of them are continuing to
their I think I'll tell you about one or
a couple actually at the end that are
they relatively brave and Mitch
McConnell is still saying that he's not
backing away more but there are those
who say who cares that he's a child
molester a vote for tax cuts is a vote
for my donors I don't care of course
leading that charge is Donald Trump he
tweeted out Democrats refused to give
even one vote for massive tax cuts is
why we need Republican Roy Moore to win
in Alabama we need his vote on stopping
crime illegal immigration border wall
military pro-life VA judges Second
Amendment and more noted jones a pelosi
schumer puppets so he is very very clear
that he is backing the sexual predator
but that's actually not surprising
giving that about 20 women have also
charged Donald Trump of being a sexual
predator
so I apparently Donald Trump called Roy
Moore to give even further support to
him and said at the end of a call quote
go get him Roy I don't know if he was
referring to 14 year olds in that case
or the election okay now that goose
brings us to the Republican National
Committee I mean these are this is the
not just Donald Trump who all Donald
Trump's crazy but
you'll hear all over cable news but he
doesn't really represent Republicans
well there's a good one easy way to find
out the Republican National Committee
represents Republicans that's literally
their job so in the past to give them
credit and I did at the time dad pull
their support over Oh more now they're
back like well did we say Family Values
well it turns out you can molest
fourteen-year-old girls as long as
you're gonna vote for our donors tax
cuts so here's their statement or the
hill explains the Republican National
Committee is reinstating in support of
Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore
after initially cutting ties over
allegations of sexual misconduct to
sources confirmed to the hill on Monday
because Breitbart had initially reported
this and obviously since they're
completely untrustworthy the hill went
and found their own sources two
different sources and they confirmed in
fact one of them said we can confirm our
involvement in the Alabama Senate race
referring to the RNC so they're going to
apparently get back involved spend money
spend a lot of time and energy to make
sure that the child molester wins now if
you think well come on look he's a
Republican they don't like doug jones
he's a democrat and not particularly
liberal democratic but he is from
alabama but they don't they want the tax
cuts for the rich can you really blame
them they don't agree with doug jones
yeah of course i can blame them
democrats didn't support anthony weiner
and he sent tweets and they got rid of
him immediately
little later what what he's now in jail
Roy mores tried to rape a sixteen year
old girl and has threw her out of the
car half dress after he'd ripped her
some of her clothes off he should be and
dug more adagio said that today he said
he should be going to jail not to the
Senate that's right and by the way there
is no statute of limitations on child
molestation in Alabama so for the
fourteen-year-old he could still be held
responsible and he should be he should
be brought to justice but the RNC says
nope no problem oh and these are the
same guys who were outraged oh Anthony
Weiner the wrong tree
and by the way we were outraged and we
told him he's got to go today john
conyers is gone the democrats actually
do act and now you got Roy Moore the
worst of the worst and allegations
credible allegations the sixteen year
old came out they showed the signature
of Roy Moore in her yearbook in our high
school yearbook where's that go sweetie
you're so beautiful oh god damn and I
can't but whatever man are we gonna get
rich our donors gonna get rich they
don't care well now it's official we
know for sure by the way why are they
back in because as I told you Alabama
Republicans don't give a damn about
morality they never cared they don't
care today and so Roy Moore is winning
right now poll yesterday
49% Roy Moore 43 percent Doug Jones got
a six-point lead
that's why the RNC is back they're like
oh he's gonna win great another
Republican senator who cares oh we here
wonder the bus when we thought when we
thought he was gonna lose what we made
the mistake of thinking that Alabama
Republicans gave a damn about morals or
child predators or any of that of course
they don't get our bad we're right back
in guys and by the way that's not just
one poll Morley's jones by an average of
two point six points in Alabama polling
according to Real Clear Politics so
right now as we had very close to the
election he is definitively in the lead
it's not a huge lead but he is in that
weight now there are some Republican
leaders who are not in office who are
doing the right thing it's not a
coincidence that they're not in office
if they were in office they'd be worried
about their donors and how they have to
pleasure them and and that's why a lot
of them don't do that but nonetheless
credit where credit is due Mitt Romney
writes Roy Moore in the US Senate would
be a stain on the GOP and on the nation
leaked horseman and other victims are
courageous heroes no vote no majority is
worth losing our honor our integrity of
course Donald Trump and RNC disagrees
they say no no there are votes worth
losing our honor and integrity for
especially tax cuts for the rich now by
the way again more credit to Mitt Romney
because he actually is rich he would get
those tax cuts and nonetheless he's
saying vote no on ROI more but let's
be fair they're gonna do the tax cuts
before Roy Moore even gets him so he's
probably covered anyway but I want to
give you a special credit to Jeff Flake
look Jeff Flake I got I'm no ally of
Jeff Flake he votes the wrong way an
overwhelming majority of time he also or
is serving his donors he also voted for
the tax cuts etc but today he wrote not
only did not he in the past did not
endorse more and he said he should get
out of the race but today he wrote a
check to Doug Jones for $100 which is a
bold bold move
probably ending his career in Republican
politics forever because Republican
voters will forgive a child molester
but they will never forgive someone who
helps a progressive such as he is now
there is one more quote here that I
wanted to share with you as some few
Republicans are doing the right thing
overall the party is not and then we go
back to the White House where the deputy
press secretary Raj Raj Shah said the
President had a positive call with judge
Roy Moore during which they discussed
the state of Alabama Senate race and the
president endorsed judge Moore's
campaign now we know exactly where
everyone stands if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
