Jori is an anchor on MSNBC one that I
knew when I was there and they even
after I left I I liked her a lot I still
like her in person and as a human being
I do not agree with her politics and I
think that some of the things that she
has done in accusing Bernie Sanders and
Bernie Sanders supporters of things is
atrocious
so I want to be clear about that now she
is in a bit of a scandal because folks
found things that she'd written about
Charlie Chris back when he was a
Republican she was concerned about his
hypocrisy because he was voting against
gay rights when he was governor of
Florida and and at the time there were
rumors that Charlie Crist was gay
and she jumped on that in a blog that
she wrote at the time called the Reid
report and she said miss charlie miss
Charlie stop pretending brother it's
okay that you don't go for the ladies
okay she went on to say now that he's
married to a girl Charlie Crist is being
sought out for all kinds of good stuff
that GOP are wooing miss Charlie to run
and then one more that was along those
lines at least I can just see poor
Charlie on the honeymoon
opening the mail waders and thinking to
himself God do I actually have to see
her naked now are some of those comments
crossing the line yes so constantly
referring to him as Miss Charlie and and
joy now acknowledges way too much and
she did that 17 times why did she do it
is it because she hates members of the
LGBT community I would argue not so let
me give you the context of what she said
she said I would hate when a gay
politician gets married it usually
indicates that he's highly ambitious and
desires to put himself in a position to
move up the power ladder now oh and she
went on to talk about his hypocrisy I
think she was trying to point out the
hypocrisy now I don't know what Charlie
Chris sexual orientation is at all I
don't impugn it I don't know anything
about it okay and and even if you were
to think that he was gay I don't
that you know doing it that way was
productive in fact I dunno was not
productive on the other hand do I think
that it is right to call out Republicans
who are gay but closeted yes I do
I didn't always I changed my mind on
that issue there was a documentary that
I watched that showed how much different
Republicans
act after they have been outed they then
turn around and vote for gay rights well
that makes a giant giant difference and
if you are voting against people and
even if you're not gay
and you're but you're voting against gay
Americans well politically attacking you
is perfectly fair game now in this came
case she went a little overboard and
have other people done that in the past
I think yes okay but is this something
where I think she has bad intent I'm
gonna say no you can free obviously you
could disagree feel free to disagree and
I'm sure that many will first hear her
apology
she says this note is my apology to all
who are disappointed by the content of
blogs I wrote a decade ago for which my
choice of words and tone have
legitimately been criticized she went on
to say that she was a sensitive tone
deaf and dumb I understand though that I
think that she's being hard on herself
and I think that a lot of people would
think justifiably so but at least tone
deafness is is fair enough she it was a
very long apology she went on they say
among the frequent subjects of my post
was then governor charlie Crist at the
time a conservative Republican whose
positions on issues like gay marriage
and adoption by same-sex couples in
Florida shared headlines with widely
rumored reports that he was hiding a
sexual orientation she said at no time
have I intentionally sought to demean or
harm the LGBT community which includes
people whom I deeply love my goal in my
ham-handed way was to call out potential
hypocrisy and finally she said rereading
those old blog posts I am disappointed
myself I apologize to those who also are
disappointed in me life can be humbling
it often is but I hope that you know
where my heart is and that I will always
strive to use my words for good I know
better and I
do better look if I thought that she's a
Democrat but she's actually against gay
people in America then I would give her
no quarter and I could be wrong but I
don't believe she is I believe that she
was overzealous in prosecuting the case
against charlie crist have other
progressives been overzealous in
prosecuting the case against republicans
from time to time and I also cut them
the same break now it's easy for me to
say I'm straight so if you're a part of
the LGBT community and you won't you
don't want to cut her a break
that's perfectly understandable that's
your call them to make obviously right
I'm just giving you my opinion which is
what we do here on this show look I hope
that joy gives the same consideration to
people before she goes on to make
charges that she has in the past keeping
it real
she's one of the quickest to call
liberals in this country racist or
sexist over and over again
so I would not do likewise I've
criticized her significantly for that in
the past and I would and I will continue
to do that but I don't want progressives
and liberals making the same mistake so
and she is now issued an apology and it
is what it is so it's to me I think it's
a right-wing tactic that then go demand
more and more and what demanded she be
fired again if that's your true opinion
and you're on the Left bless your heart
but as things stand and was that
thorough an apology in trying to get a
Republican to reform his ways I think
that the apology makes sense
so finally what was the result of all
this now it was not just because of
jewelry didn't certainly not because she
used the festive terminology like miss
charlie
but charlie crist bits which he switched
to an independent and to a Democrat and
and then went on to issue an apology
that is far more important than
jewelry's apology he apologized for
voting the wrong way on issues of gay
rights including
voting against gay marriage he was wrong
and he said it he said I'm sorry I did
that it was a mistake I was wrong
please forgive me to me that is the much
larger issue and and I think it's a
harder apology to accept given that he
voted to take away rights from Americans
LGBT members are 100% American they
should have 100% of the rights as
straight Americans the fact that Charlie
Crist denied that for a number of years
when he was in power was terrible now I
think that he has actually seen the
light I think that his conversion is
real into accepting their rights in he
now boasts the right way again it's not
necessarily my place to accept that
apology but I'm thrilled that he did
apologize and change his ways and to me
that's the much larger store qit
membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
