so I got an email last night I won't
reveal the name of the person who
emailed it's a viewer and I don't want
to get into the details because for the
best of my ability to avoid them but she
was a survivor of multiple sexual
assaults including a gang rape that she
described in the email and it was the
hardest email I've ever read in my life
and and I appreciate her sharing it with
me because it because of what richard
blumenthal said because what Christine
Blasi Ford is doing now is not just
standing up for women but also educating
the rest of the country including men
because if you weren't part of that
culture then you don't know about and
and you didn't know how prevalent this
was and and the person who emailed me is
in her 60s and or I believe it happened
in the 60s so it goes even further back
and basically saying you have no idea
how common it was she I mean my god the
poor woman first a family member and
then a for someone who was four years
older starting at the age of 13 and then
the rape situation that I described
earlier and I'm leaving out horrific
horrific details and and it was and we
don't know that's the whole point a lot
of men have no idea what so many women
have gone through and how they bared it
all in anguish silence and a couple of
times during the hearings today there
was discussion of how about two-thirds
of sexual assault victims never report
it don't come forward because they don't
want the extra trauma and they don't
want to be victimized again and blamed
and and mostly because they're
embarrassed and they blame themselves
yeah and the person who emailed us
talked about how she did that too she
thought it must have been her fault and
in another really relevant part here and
and and Chrissie Blasi Ford also
mentioned it briefly in why she didn't
when she was 15 and it happened in the
case of the person who emailed me she
said my parents blame me and he caught
the the second assailant at with police
and her dad said I don't want to ruin
his life he's a good boy
and and blamed her and that is what
women dealt with for decade after decade
after decade not all women but a far too
high a percentage of women and if you
didn't know about it well now we do and
so it's on us to correct it and and that
is what a lot of this me too movement
and these hearings have brought forward
and it's imperative that we all listen
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT comm slash app
