Donald Trump is now being even more
explicit in his support for Roy Moore in
fact recently he tweeted about how
Republicans 100% need to back Roy Moore
especially those in Alabama
he says the Democrats refusal to give
even one vote for massive tax cuts is
why we need Republican Roy Moore to win
in Alabama by the way we all know that
those tax cuts are for the wealthy and
not for the middle class we need his
vote on stopping crime illegal
immigration border wall military
pro-life ba judges Second Amendment and
more noted Jones a Pelosi Schumer puppet
now also keep in mind that Roy Moore's
wife shared on Twitter that Trump had
called them and said that Roy Moore has
his full support and when you look at
the polling in Alabama it makes it very
clear that Republican voters in the
state do seem to continue to back him
regardless of how many women have come
forward and accused him of sexual
misconduct some of whom were in their
teens when this misconduct happened so
I'm gonna give you those poll numbers in
just a second but jank jumping alright
first I would go back to the tweet as
usual with Donald Trump and let's put
that back up because there's two
interesting things in there one remember
when the Republicans were pretending
this was tax reform right that they were
gonna take away so many loopholes that
it wasn't going to be tax cuts it was
just going to be tax reform don't worry
we're not giving taxes the rich oops
there is Donald Trump saying massive tax
cuts so no more talk of tax reform
because they it's not good a balance the
budget it's gonna blow a huge hole in
the budget right and they don't care now
they're just calling a massive tax cuts
well they might argue that there is a
component of reform because of the fact
that there are certain deductions that
they are attacking so one of the
deductions that they want to get rid of
and we'll see if this is something that
both the house and the Senate will agree
on but it's the deduction that you can
state regarding the interest that you
pay on your student loans right now you
can deduct that however
the GOP gets its way they will do away
with that deduction tax reform taxi so
they do raise taxes on the middle class
and the poor so I guess it's reform in a
sense but by the way you you can't you
also cannot deduct your if you're a
teacher and you bought school supplies
sorry you can't deduct that even though
you spent your own money to help your
own with your students but if you have a
private jet you can deduct that it's
okay one last thing where the tweet
let's bring out one more time why does
this child randomly capitalize things
why are tax cuts capitalized okay why is
illegal immigration not capitalized but
border wall is capital and militant well
military I guess you can me maybe why
pro-life is capitalized also that
sentence I love I love how that sentence
reads we need his vote on stopping crime
illegal immigration border wall wait
stopping the border wall exactly I don't
understand what he's trying to commit
well I know what he's trying to
communicate because we're aware of what
his policy ideas are but he just is not
a great communicator you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
