today Donald Trump decided to shrink to
huge national monuments and these
monuments are in Utah and his reasoning
for doing so are questionable to say the
least
he will shrink the Bears ears and grand
staircase-escalante national monuments
by more than 1.1 million acres and more
than 800,000 acres respectively his
decision also removes about 85 percent
of the designation of bears ears and
nearly 46 percent of that for Grand
staircase-escalante juries during his
press conference in regard to this he
stated his reasoning
let's take a look presidential
proclamations these actions will modify
the national monuments designations of
both bears ears and grand
staircase-escalante
you know past administrations have
severely abused the purpose spirited
intent of a century-old law known as the
antiquities Act this law requires that
only the smallest necessary area be a
set-aside for special protection as
national monuments
unfortunately previous administrations
have ignored the standard of government
control so later on you know there was
some talk about farmers wanting to allow
their cattle to graze freely in these
public lands also there is the question
of what will happen when it comes to
energy discovery as they're referring
yes they will rape and pillage that land
and we know it and just to keep in mind
this is the largest reduction of public
land protection in US history
so a couple of things here what one is
this reminds me of what they said about
the internet and net neutrality he said
at the end there the government has got
this land under strict government
control wait what does that mean it that
only means that the government has
actually made the land free and
available to everyone to the public and
not just privatized it so they could
drill for oil keep the profits off of US
land and and you get nothing for it
strict government controls same thing
wouldn't that neutrality like oh the
government has control and regulations
over the internet allowing it to be free
and exists without any encumbrance like
they never finished the sentence right
the reality is net neutrality keeps the
internet as it is it doesn't add
regulations the regulations are as usual
to protect you from private corporations
that would change the rules of the
internet or that would change your
public lands in this case and the
Schmucks over there in that audience in
you Charlie
no way to take away our public lands
what are you guys gonna benefit from
that at all no okay it's gonna get
handed off to Trump's friends and
they're going to privatize the profits
and if there's any losses at all believe
me you'll bear the brunt of that so and
by the way jason chaffetz in utah got
run out of town for trying to privatize
public lands before but they never
stopped so they keep coming back and
coming back because there's money to be
made off of your lands US lands and I'm
gonna keep on doing that so you applaud
all you like but later you'll realize oh
why did we give that away TYT membership
gets your commercial-free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
