over the weekend there was a
controversial tweet on Donald Trump's
personal Twitter account now that's not
news he's usually tweeting pretty crazy
things however this tweet could have
some possible legal ramifications for
Trump because it appears to show that
Trump knew that Mike Flynn had lied to
the FBI prior to the charges being filed
against Flynn now remember Mike Flynn
his previous national security adviser
had basically told the FBI lies in
regard to his relationship and contacts
with Russia he pleaded guilty to that
now the tweet that Donald Trump's
account had over the weekend was as
follows I had to fire general Flynn
because he lied to the vice president
and the FBI he has pled guilty to those
lies it is a shame because his actions
during the transition were lawful there
was nothing to hide okay so there are
two things that I want to draw attention
to when it comes to that tweet first
issue is that he clearly states in that
tweet that he had to fire Mike Flynn
because of the fact that he lied to the
FBI which indicates at the time of the
firing he knew that Flynn had lied to
the FBI the second thing is he used the
word pled and so keep that in mind
because pled is not the correct
grammatical way of using the past tense
of plead it's pleaded now that's
relevant I'm not being nitpicky about
grammar it's very relevant now that got
a lot of heat because all right this
could mean that there was obstruction of
justice right if he knew that Mike Flynn
had lied to the FBI then why didn't he
immediately fire Flynn after Sally Yates
approached him about Flynn's ties to
Russia also why did he fire Comey
there's a lot of issues yeah and let me
just say one point of important
clarification there that if he knew at
the time that that Flynn had lied to the
FBI well a couple of weeks after that he
then told Comey according to commis
notes at the time not after he got fired
at the
Comey wrote down he wants me to let go
of the Flint investigation so if you
know that Flint has lied to the FBI and
you tell the head of the FBI I don't
care let him go anyway well that's the
most clear obstruction of justice there
is right so I actually put together a
little timeline for you guys just to
clarify the date so you understand why
the obstruction of justice issue is
relevant when it comes to that tweet
let's go to graphic 14 so it all started
on January 26th okay that was when Sally
Yates had warned the White House about
Flynn February 13th is when Flynn was
fired so it took a while for him to fire
Flynn even after Sally aides had warned
the White House February 14th is when
Trump asked Comey to drop the Russia
investigation so he fires Flynn and then
the morning after that he tells Comey to
drop the investigation May 9th was when
Comey was fired and if you can recall
Trump was pretty forthcoming about the
reason why he fired Comey as you can see
in the following video let's take a look
what I did is I was going to fire call
me my decision it was not you would make
the decision before they came I I was
going to fire call me and in fact when I
decided to just do it I said to myself I
said you know this Russia thing with
Trump and Russia is a made-up story it's
an excuse by the Democrats for having
lost an election that they should have
won yeah so he had said there that he
fired Comey because of the Russia
investigation and now if it turns out
their excuses yeah Yates told us that
that Flynn was lying to pence and was
lying to the FBI
well that's made it way worse right that
means weeks earlier
you knew that he'd lie to the FBI then
you told that we had to drop the
investigation anyway and then when they
wouldn't you fire the head of the FBI
and then you went on TV and admitted
that that's why you fired him open his
shut they could try them tomorrow for
obstruction of justice now Trump's team
realized that that tweet was problematic
and they immediately scrambled to make
it seem as though it wasn't Trump who
tweeted that it was actually his lawyer
so officials leaked to the Washington
Post that the tweet was drafted by
John Dowd that is the top lawyer
representing Trump personally rather
than the White House in the Russia
investigation right so let's go to
graphic xi doubt subsequently came
forward and said that he drafted the
tweet and then sent it to White House
social media director dance Gavino to
publish when NBC News asked out to for a
copy of the draft of the tweet Dowd then
said that he dictated it orally sure he
did so okay so that's all relevant but
what's also relevant is if you go back
to the tweet on Trump's account they use
the word fled or he used the word fled
again a lawyer wouldn't use the word
pled they would have used the word
pleaded because that is the correct way
to refer to it in fact he says put that
up okay graphic dine back up so this is
Donald Trump's tweet that his lawyer
fell on the sword is pretending it's his
tweet is it a number of things here
first let's just tackle whether this is
Trump himself or not or a studied lawyer
of the president yeah as an appointed
out you've got the mistake on pleated
versus pled that the lawyer would make
then you've got him writing it is a
shame because his actions during the
transition were lawful who writes like
that all the time it's a shame you think
a lawyer wrote that it's a shame what
they did then there was nothing to hide
exclamation point
really the lawyer putting an exclamation
point like just like Trump does all the
time so no that's million tweets and we
know that there's an official Twitter
account and a from one phone and then
would the one that Trump uses from
another phone day both lead to the same
Twitter account so you can tell though
official ones come in nice and clean
kind of official sounding with
vocabulary to Donald Trump doesn't even
understand right the Trump ones are like
sad shape exclamation point
the only thing you let the tweet was
baby that's true sad was sad so look
this is another example of Trump getting
himself into trouble with his Twitter
account and it doesn't matter who
tweeted it doesn't matter if it was
Trump himself or if it was the lawyer
it makes it clear that Trump had fired
Mike Flynn because of the fact that he
had lied to the FBI
meaning that Trump had knowledge that
Flynn had lied to the FBI that's a big
problem and by the way they're still
scrambling at at taking control of the
narrative right at taking control and
doing a little bit of damage control now
his lawyer doubt gave an interview to
Axios and during that interview he
claimed that the President cannot
obstruct justice it's impossible for the
president to obstruct justice let me
give you his exact quote the President
cannot obstruct justice because he is
the chief law enforcement officer under
the Constitution's article 2 and has
every right to express his view of any
case ok oh god this is amazing
why so far maybe he would make that ver
medical mistake I don't know he is
Donald Trump's lawyers know by
definition a bit of a clown alright so
let's break it down first of all saying
somebody else wrote the tweet for me is
not a legal defense it's Trump who
published a tweet court cases have
already determined that the Trump's
tweets are his quotes and how his
actions it's in the Muslim ban the
travel ban cases the courts have said if
Donald Trump is tweeting something that
is Donald Trump saying something that's
the President of the United States
setting policy and and and his own words
saying if you went to a court and then
said something which is the in Twitter
is him publicly saying it if you and I
TV or you went to court and you said
something out loud and then you said the
judge asked you why'd you say that that
sounds like obstruction of justice and
you said my lawyer made me do it
that is not a legal defense you actually
said it it doesn't matter right fine
your lawyer should be fired and he
should be disbarred okay so I mean I
guess credit to down for being loyal
enough to ruin his career for Trump but
discredited both of them because they
are in my opinion I think based on the
evidence here both clearly lying which
then creates huge legal jeopardy not
just for Trump but also for doubt so I'm
looking forward to him being put in
prison as well lock him up lock him up
now to this point about the President
cannot commit obstruction of justice are
you just trying to copy Richard Nixon Oh
when the president doesn't it is legal
hey it cannot be illegal I am NOT a
crook
okay yeah no no the president can break
the law I thought we established that
already and that's partly why Nixon left
office in deep shame and resigned cause
he's gonna be in peace so now
technically there is a legal issue about
whether you can prosecute a sitting
president for obstruction of justice but
it doesn't matter because Congress would
consider that a high crime and
misdemeanor and have every ground in the
world to impeach him based on that and
it's clear as day by the way impeachment
is a process and a hearing and you get
convicted etc but in Congress so they
could have a trial over this and they
could say the president says he knew
that Flynn was lying to the FBI I told
the FBI not to investigate it and then
fire the FBI when they did investigate
it and GUILTY impeach sayonara gone so
tick-tock tick-tock they're doing their
crimes right in front of everybody you
just watch the video by the young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
