diamon Reynolds the girlfriend of
falando castile who was shot and killed
right in front of her received a large
settlement following the shooting she
was shot he was shot by a cop by the
name of Geronimo yanez now there is an
official a city official in Minnesota
who has made comments in regard to what
Reynolds is likely to do with that
settlement and some are calling into
question you know the the you know
racial tones in in his statement so this
is a rice county official and here's
what he had to say the st. Anthony City
Council voted to pay Reynolds six
hundred seventy five thousand dollars
for emotional distress and wrongful
arrest the League of Minnesota cities
and the city of Roseville pitched in
$125,000 that's where the $800,000
settlement came from now elysian city
councilman Tom mcbroom predicted that
that money would be spent within six
months on crack cocaine when challenged
on why he'd think a woman with no crack
related criminal history would squander
her boyfriends blood money that way
mcbroom answered history now this
exchange happened on twitter and we have
the screenshots to prove it so there it
is I want you guys to carefully read it
because it says she needs to come off
county and state aid now that she has
some cash it'll be gone in six months on
crack cocaine later he completely denied
that he even referenced crack cocaine
but that is his tweet that is what he
said he claimed that people
misunderstood his comment about history
explaining he was referring to the
universal temptation of spending rather
than saving large instant payout oh sure
of course that's what he was referring
to when I first saw the tweet I thought
well okay let's read more maybe he is
familiar with this person and and and it
might be a wildly unfair statement about
what she's gonna do in the future but
has she been arrested before I see the
one that arrested her does he know that
she's on welfare it turns out he doesn't
know her at all
that's right so he just assumes that
she's basically on welfare and will
spend all the money on crack cocaine GI
Hawaii assumes that he's like no I just
assumed that because I assumed everybody
would spend it on crack cocaine no sure
you do know here's more of his statement
in reference to people who need help
with social programs things like that
I've seen them come to court they've
lost their children but they come to
court dressed to the nines with Michael
Kors purses okay stop for a second for
again we don't like he doesn't know
whether or not she's on welfare or
anything like that and just because you
lost your child because someone happened
to wrongfully shoot and kill them
doesn't mean that you're necessarily
poor or that you can't afford Michael
Kors purses it's just uh it's like this
line of thinking that you see over and
over again by those on the right to be
frank with you they don't have a pot to
piss in who's they
yeah what do you what are you referring
to who are you referring to I'm sure he
means everybody because he's always
talking in general terms after he gets
caught so this guy's not just a
councilman he's also a cop he's a Saint
Anthony police officer and then you
wonder why black people in this country
are a little worried that cops might not
be fair to them look at all the
stereotypes in this guy's head you know
when they come to court this is how they
all act and they don't have any money
where they spend it on purses and they
don't care about their kids and takes
this woman now remember not only was her
boyfriend killed right in front of her
and he was a beloved employee at a
school nearby by the way okay but a
bullet barely missed her for months I'm
a four year old daughter okay in the
back seat and then the four year old
daughter was trying to calm the mom down
like mommy it's gonna be okay I mean the
video is great you know I actually
wanted to bring the video back because I
want you guys to understand how much of
an insult this is to injury she
witnessed her boyfriend getting shot and
killed right in front of her and by the
way the reason why the gun pulled that
the cop pulled the trigger was because
falando Castille told him I have a
licensed car in the vehicle licensed
weapon I'm sorry and and at that point I
don't know why it is but he asked him
and there were there were videos later
to prove this you know he wanted to see
his ID he reaches for the ID and as soon
as he does so the cop goes ahead and and
shoots him
anyway enough of my talking I want you
guys to watch the video to see how
incredibly traumatic it is warning it's
very graphic we got pulled over for a
busted taillight in the back and the
police just he's he's covered he ain't
killed my boyfriend he's licensed he's
carried so he's licensed to carry he was
trying to get out his ID in his wallet
out of his pocket and he let the officer
know that he was he had a firearm and he
was reaching for his wallet and the
officer just shot him and his earned
we're waiting for a better no worries he
just shot his arm off we got pulled over
on LARPing he have you told him get his
ID sir his driver's license oh my god
please don't tell me he's dead please
don't tell me my boyfriend just went
like that yes I will sir I'll keep my
hands where they are please don't tell
me this lord please Jesus don't tell me
that he's gone please don't tell me that
he's gone please officer don't tell me
that you just did this to him
you shot four bullets into him sir he
was just getting his license straight
registration sir so if you're wondering
why is she describing and not getting
out of the car they wouldn't let her out
of the car and and they they handcuffed
her later and stuffed her into a police
car well after a shooting his her
boyfriend and for what like did you
really think she was a threat like he
but no no no hang tough everybody and it
took him forever to get philander
chrissteele medical help and then he did
die but and the reason why I brought
that back is because it doesn't matter
what she went through it doesn't matter
that her four-year-old just experienced
that not only a man getting shot and
killed right in front of her but her own
mother getting handcuffed and stuffed in
the back of a police car it doesn't
matter that this woman witnessed you
know her significant other getting shot
and killed right front none of that
matters because in the eyes of certain
people namely this cop in City Council
in Minnesota she's just you know she's a
black woman she's gonna spend that money
on crack cocaine what she I wonder why
he chose specifically crack cocaine I
mean come on and it's just it's pathetic
and it's sad and that's like what this
country has really come to but of course
now you know Trevor Noah always makes
this point it's more offensive now to
call someone a racist than to actually
be one and so you know you you know
people that are watching this might have
you know their opinions and say yeah
Jake I agree but I'm sure that some
people will look at you and say yep you
always have to bring race into it when
he didn't explicitly say you know that
she but he says history I mean you can
you come on you can draw the lines here
you understand no no no - I just wish
they would own up to it right because
they're so proud of their racism but
then once you've called them races
though how dare you hope and then they
become the special little snowflakes
just thrown up to it it's your identity
it's who you are you're proud of it
you're so proud of it that you as a
public figure a public official feel
comfortable enough to write that on
social media and then respond to the
critics by saying history so but look I
want to be I want to explain a little
bit more fully because look there's a
reason why they always say there they're
not racist because I part of it is
because they really believe they are not
racist now they're completely wrong
about that and and in fact if you're on
their side I'm going to go further about
what you think in a second so I'll get
to you in a sec okay
but for I saw an interview with a guy
who was like a Grand Wizard of the Klan
and he talked about how black people are
genetically inferior and then so the
reporter says so you believe in racism
you say no no I'm not racist
that's a definition no that's yeah
that's the definition of racism right
and so if you ask Macroom I think that
he probably would genuinely think no I'm
not racist I mean but now not on the
record but to his buddies say I mean
come on you know they're on crack right
right and it doesn't matter he said it
publicly
he said he assumed that she was on
welfare and he assumed that he was going
to she was going to spend eight hundred
thousand dollars on crack cocaine and
six months later when asked to testify
he's like well I know that in some of
the city
there are problems with crackin and
opioid abuse wait cracks from a couple
of decades ago there's a huge epidemic
of opioid abuse but why did you pick
crack in particularly come on guys
anybody who's fair about this knows that
it's a racist thing to say but he those
he's internalize those stereotypes and
so he just thinks that that's a fact
about black people and and saying that
doesn't make you racist it just makes
you honest about blacks that's how they
view it but but no that is not fair you
don't know anything about that woman
that is the definition of racism when
you assume something about someone based
on their race and you assume things that
are terribly derogatory right and so if
you're out there and you think no what
he said is not racist you don't get it
you are also racist right not this but
look I'm gonna be super fair to you and
say that you probably don't think it's
super fair okay but but I'm not assuming
that you do it in a malicious way like
oh I don't know I think internally to
myself I hate black people and I can't
wait to say bad thing about black people
no you have these stereotypes in your
head that you think are true and that
you apply to different minorities so
when you're called out on it you go what
that's not racist
that's just how things are no that is
racist that's the whole point of racism
that you assume derogatory things based
on race so and by the way so let's
imagine a world in rose-colored glasses
where this had nothing to do with racism
his comments had nothing to do with race
whatsoever
okay but it's still incredibly bad and
disgusting to say this again to a woman
who just went through something so
terrible and dramatic she just lost a
loved one right and so why do you feel
like it's a it's okay to say anything
negative about her whatsoever to judge
her like it's like there's no empathy no
empathy
so that's such a great point because
he's he's an unbearable jerk either way
right even if you remove the racism
let's say that it was a poor white woman
who just white watched her white
boyfriend get killed and this jerk cop
out of nowhere
I should probably spend it on meth right
now that doesn't mean do with race he
just made me hates poor people I don't
know maybe he hates everybody that he
that he's supposed to be protecting as
members of the community right he just
wanted I just wanted to make a point
that the shooting happened in a suburb
of st. Paul Falcon Heights that's where
falando Castille was shot and it's an
hour I'm sorry and and the the officials
said this is from Elysian which is an
hour and a half from Falcon Heights
where the shooting happened and I did
some research on the on Elysian in the
according to the 2010 census 652 people
live there and it's 96 percent white in
that town yeah so at a bare minimum even
if you don't could see the saying that
about black people is racist he he's a
person who has malicious intent for no
reason makes me greatly uncomfortable
that that guy's a cop anywhere but all
reasonable people see that claim that
comment he made about her and know
exactly what she means when someone died
I know like that sort of lost on it on
everyone whenever you talk so to say I
mean I feel like as a country a there's
a lack of empathy I go back to that all
the time because you see it everywhere
but more importantly like we've become
so desensitized to death right like
think of like first second put
yourselves in the shoes of anyone who's
lost a family member or loved one in one
of these shootings or whatever it is
like why why would you feel the need to
further insult them and judge them and
put them through hell after they've
experienced something like that just be
an empathetic human being just be a
human being you know so and it is
particularly troubling when a cop has no
empathy towards others that he's
supposed to protect and serve what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
