former White House press secretary Sean
Spicer has been having a hard time
finding a job since leaving the White
House but in spite of the fact that he
hasn't found full-time employment to pay
the bills he has been a regular
contributor from time to time on Fox
News and recently he decided to take up
the issue on Fox News of the sexual
assault and sexual harassment
allegations that have been lobbed
against the president and the lawsuits
being filed against the president Donald
Trump for these actions in fact Sean
Spicer the guy who defended the
president during his time in office
actually said that we have to treat
these allegations seriously and that the
women accusing Donald Trump of this
behavior deserve to be listened to now
he also added at the end of that you
know but but we're a nation of due
process and let's not jump the gun and
assume he's guilty however the fact that
even Sean Spicer at this point is
willing to say you know what we have to
hear these women out and that is a huge
turnaround in terms of who is loyal and
who is not loyal to Donald Trump I think
Sean Spicer to his credit at least a
little bit may have seen the light he
may understand at this point that with
all of the sexual assault allegations in
this country that are coming out today
we have to take Donald Trump's
allegation seriously if we're gonna take
any of them seriously at all
so far anytime somebody has been accused
of this kind of behavior they have felt
the repercussions of it Matt Lauer
immediately fired Charlie Rose now
Franken though he didn't lose his job he
had to come out and give a press
conference and he's had to address these
and even more women are coming forward
still Roy Moore tanked in the polls for
a little bit but unfortunately because
he's a Republican the folks in Alabama
have given him a free pass and he's now
once again tied with Doug Jones but the
bottom line is that everybody has at
least had to face some kind of
consequence for this behavior Kevin
Spacey his show on Netflix was canceled
but not Donald Trump nothing has
happened to him and I think that's
what's starting to get at Sean Spicer
and keeping my
this is a guy who actually understands
what's happening in the White House he
understands who Donald Trump is he knows
the kind of person that he is and if he
is saying we need to listen to these
women I'm willing to bet it's because he
knows a little bit more about it than
the rest of us do
unfortunately I actually have to take
Sean Spicer side on this because again I
do believe that this man knows more than
we do about this particular subject area
after all he was with Donald Trump by
his side for several months throughout
the administration he got to meet with
lawyers he understands what's happening
in these suits and I guarantee you he
knows whether or not these women are
telling the truth and something tells me
they are thanks for watching and if you
like what you see here on Ring of Fire
we encourage you to subscribe to our
Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
