in a comment that was originally sort of
deceptively censored during a profile of
Donald Trump back in 2004 the
now-defunct maximum golf magazine
I wonder why they weren't delivering
anymore I guess it was cancelled Donald
Trump had a very trumpian way of
describing a young woman that he was
interested in so it was previously
unreported comment in Maxim golf Donald
Trump singled out a quote young
socialite at his club at mar-a-lago by
telling a reporter quote there's nothing
in the world like first-rate pussy he
said that to a reporter who was
gathering information about Donald Trump
to do a profile of Donald Trump and I'm
glad that Trump did that because to
understand Donald Trump you really need
comments like that to understand how he
views women now this was not originally
accessible even to the many readers of
maximum golf the remark never made its
way to print as a top editor of the
magazine forbade the reporter from
putting it in the publication but the
former journalist who wrote the article
Michael Corcoran and another editor both
confirmed it was set by Trump as
Corcoran followed him around at his
Florida Golf Club for a profile I think
what Trump said is it's not a pleasant
way of phrasing things and it certainly
shouldn't have been said around a
reporter I don't think it goes to the
level of the other comments that he's
made we'll discuss that in a second but
to me the most telling part is that
Trump felt confident enough to say that
to a reporter because in his experience
the reporters cover up for the rich and
the powerful yeah and it turns out he
was right he was right when I've said
this for a long time almost the whole
time we've been doing The Young Turks
the problem often time is the editors
and you know the editors make the
decision on oh Iraq has weapons of mass
destruction maybe we'll put that on a
one we'll put your giant headline in the
front of the newspaper they probably
don't have it we'll put that in a 20-7
and I remember writing an article called
fire the editors because there is an
they feel a need to unfortunately
accommodate power and here they're like
we're doing a puff piece on Trump and
how great he is and his golf courses so
that would be
to him no do not speak truth to power
yeah
so that's a disturbing part of the story
yeah so they edited it so that in the
final version it was uh there's nothing
better than first-rate talent it's a
fine talent for censorship you've got
there at maximum well actually to be
fair to maximum golf magazine they're
still around and it helped to protect
this guy by flipping it on them Maximo
golf magazine is like the premier Golf
Magazine you really helped so look
there's there's other stuff in here
that's sort of a little bit scary and a
little bit embarrassing but first let's
talk about this comment because I know
we had a disagreement the production
meeting about how bad this is for Donald
Trump obviously it's not going look if
he can be absolutely insane and be
President this comments probably not
gonna hurt him too much but I do think
that it's interesting I think it's
important to remind people that he
wasn't 18 at this point and has since
changed his view of women this is a guy
who's almost 60 I believe
when he said this this is a guy who had
brought his then girlfriend Melania
there and so as his girlfriend is doing
pictures for maximum golf he's telling a
reporter look at that fight that first
rate pussy over there I have a
girlfriend
imagine if she found out that as she's
helping me do a profile I'm bragging to
a reporter about the body parts I love
on other women in like the weirdest most
clinical most crass way possible yeah
and and one of the things so it's not
just the context this is a reporter one
other thing this is not simply a guy who
has negative views of women of course
back during the campaign and since this
is affected how he actually treats women
in terms of the policies he proposes
executive orders the fact that he has
appointed almost no women to be judges
this these are views that he have of
women are substantive they affect what
actually happens now that he wields
governmental power okay I on the other
hand don't think this is a real
controversy so drop it
the court is in order I believe that
John Ida Rolla spoke out of order in in
doing a pre-emptive case there for the
for the jury but no look here's the
thing the Access Hollywood tape where he
admitted to sexual assault is super
important because he says I don't ask
for permission I just grab him in this
case he's making a lewd comment about a
woman and I think that if we conflate
those two things we don't do justice the
Access Hollywood tapes and I think that
we also lose a lot of people because I
think a lot of guys in the country go
okay look that's it that's a crude bad
and bad thing to say but have have
people said that amongst guys a lot have
said it in that way right but will they
talk about how hot women are comma of
course of course
okay yes I think the context matters but
remember he's not president at the time
he's just the clown ass showman and and
he you know and so John if you say that
he talks like this you know and and it
might reflect his true feelings about
women yes
I mean look my god in another instance
again one that was far more impactful
his wife is pregnant
Melania okay there's a couple of years
later she goes upstairs to change in the
middle of an interview he takes the
reporter around and then sexually
assaults her in his daughter's bedroom
Oh like you're weird and I don't know
where I don't want to lose the impact of
those sexual assaults by getting into
well he said something bad that I don't
like well I'll see what I'm saying you
compared it to the XS Hollywood they
also try to pitch that as oh that's just
a random one-time locker room thing this
apparently is a multi-year pattern of
him bragging in this sort of way to
reporters he's talking to so I want to
ask you guys and then get bring jr. and
and Irina into it it's Trump calling a
woman this comment and it's pretty bad
you say that's a bad I know I know
is it a cot a a controversy or be a
locker room talk and anything is TYT
network.com / first-rate to vote in this
poll I'm curious
you guys say I am actually gonna vote
locker room talk so Jer
your thoughts yeah I mean not a
controversy only because we ready know
this about him how many times on Howard
Stern some of these same things like
this how many times it said to any other
reporters and anyone else he sees this
who he is which is why we knew not to
vote for this guy in the first place
because it does affect how he treats
people and how it puts the genders down
so yeah it's a big deal but we already
knew that so it's not a big deal
so but which way you're gonna vote
locker room talk yeah because that's who
he is we know that backroom talk is
that's him all right I Reno what do you
think if this is how we're voting locker
room talk or you know not guilty its I
would also categorize it as locker room
talk but you know this is the President
of the United States if this is how you
have fun by objectifying being demeaning
to other people then you know what can I
say so John it appears that you're being
outvoted three to one it doesn't look
like that yet oh yeah so how do you
respond I will respond long-term by
packing the court full of people who
agree with me welcome back to this
eventually very ok what they're saying
first of all you asked me there's two
categories of those okay now it's like I
don't think so and you're like we're
going but obviously it is locker room
talk and it's not a controversy but it's
something that we should read think
about a little bit understand how it
fits into our understanding of him
though it sketches out the pattern of
his behavior even longer makes us wonder
how his relationship Bellavia existed as
long as it did all of that it's not a
scandal it's not gonna get him thrown
out this 25th amendment isn't gonna
suddenly trigger off of it but I do
think that it's bad so I'm trying to
figure out why you think this is the one
thing that should get him out of office
no but I do want to give one more point
to John's side so look now first let me
say another point against them oh so do
we think that Clinton never said
anything like this okay I mean I we
think he said it to a reporter but you
know the Trump often says you should
hear what Bill Clinton says on the Golf
Course okay
i trump's not a very trustworthy person
obviously but others have said that Bill
Clinton might say an inappropriate thing
or two
and again I think that they got away
with so much and and and a powerful or
are catered to so much that yes I think
the Clinton probably said stuff like
this all the time another end of John's
point can you imagine if Obama had said
that some woman was a first-rate pussy
oh oh my god you see they have to mean
the Oval Office they have death even
elodie and love my kitty you might have
tried to impeach him on it chair was
reminding me what was it the look that
he yes there was like some woman walking
up steps and Obama's coming down and
turned to a Jif and everything we turned
it looked kind of down there's a car
actually checked out that woman's ass
look at this Philander okay but Irina I
don't last thing on this I I don't know
how to deal with this right in a sense
that it's a terribly crass thing to say
we think that Clinton probably said it
did JFK said no Jen did a lot of bad
things
so Coolidge was a purse yeah you know
what do you do with a comment like this
is it do we say it's bad like I just
that's why the categories are weird of
mockingly talk or controversy you hope
that some of the men on the Republican
side to talk about their great reverence
for women and how much they care about
them will change their view of Trump
that's not gonna happen
you hope that some of the Republican
women who have been able to convince
themselves no he doesn't hate everything
about me and my kind hey do you think
for a second maybe he does maybe doesn't
maybe he has for a really long time
going back decades maybe he thinks that
at best you are a first-rate whatever
right and then there's other ratings
underneath but that's basically how he
sees women but again to Irina it's like
we to what degree is this like offensive
so offensive that it would change your
who could it change your opinion over
Clinton or or a guy that you like I mean
we know who Trump is but you see what
I'm what I'm a see yeah I guess so
you do with this is you take it and you
put it in context as to who Trump is
right this is a guy that has walked in
into a room of naked 15 to 19 year olds
the Miss Teen USA pageant right and then
he went on Howard Stern and he bragged
how he can get away with things like
this right he's been accused of groping
women all the way goes all the way to
rape right so this is why this is
relevant it's very telling of who Donald
Trump is the fact that he just goes
ahead and just nonchalantly talks about
this to a reporter it's it's normal for
him this is who he is and so that's why
it's important it's not just you know
insignificant what you would call locker
room talk for from other guys but even
if that's what you you know that's how
you spend your time having fun by like I
said objectifying other human beings and
like come on you you can do better than
that like I'm having fun too but I can
do it without referring to people
specific body parts right so where you
could not do it with a reporter at the
very least yeah look last thing is that
I think context is very very important
that's I think what Irene is driving
towards which is that look you might
have said it you might have gone to a
Chippendales show and said well that guy
does have a nice ass right or you might
have said things among your guy friends
about women etc but context is important
but knowing what Trump is done then you
get this quote and you go it might be
locker room talk but given the context
we know where he was going with it and
by the way to be bipartisan and we don't
know that Clinton said anything like
this so I'm being a slightly unfair to
him but he also has those issues and so
in that context it would have been bad
whereas if you hear it about someone
that you know that never acted that way
or never spoke that way Elizabeth Warren
who is an annoying guy who gives money
gives tax cuts the rich what doesn't do
this stuff yeah then you have a
different standard and that's probably
fair as well you just watch the video by
The Young Turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
