a popular strategy recently for people
looking to reach the president with new
information is to run ads on his
principal source of information which is
Fox News unfortunately but in this case
Fox News is refusing to run a new ad
that was hoping to catch the eye of the
president so we're gonna take a look at
this ad and then we're going to tell you
why it is that they've refused to play
it there you go a president who tells it
like it is that's what America needs but
when it's time for Trump to explain why
his tax plan gives a big cut to the
wealthy including lucrative breaks for
golf course owners and cuts for rich
heirs all worth more than a billion
dollars for Trump and his family why is
this president suddenly at a loss for
words
that's a good ad you know the numbers
check out I mean they could have gone
far worse with that and they there are
an analysis the NBC News for that
analysis showing that him and his family
could save a billion dollars or earth or
possibly more definitely more because
they save at least a billion dollars on
the estate tax cuts alone yearly changes
through pass through income corporate
tax rate all that yes
and we don't know what Trump's wealth is
because he often lies about it and what
release his tax returns but anyway you
slice it he is going to save a
tremendous amount of money and and 80%
of the tax cuts goes to the top one
percent so there this ad could not be
more accurate unfortunately it could not
be more invisible to Donald Trump who's
not going to see it so the ad was a part
of a six-figure buy by not one penny a
group devoted to working towards
ensuring that millionaires billionaires
and wealthy corporations don't receive
quote even one penny in tax cuts which
now is my favorite organization I think
that's exactly what we need
but according to Politico Fox News says
it's refusing to run the ad because it
features a trump impersonator and the
network has a policy against them they
think that impersonating it they don't
like it the right-wingers they don't
like the comedy they think it would be
inappropriate considering the respect to
do too
the stature of his position you don't
have personate him except if you're a
show on fox like they did here of course
if he wins the Republican nomination
then he'll get to debate President Obama
what would that be like to give us an
idea the president has graciously agreed
to debate Ron Paul tonight on this show
please welcome President Obama moderator
here Congressman Paul is a big advocate
of free markets what's your problem with
free markets John look now I believe in
the power of the free market but a free
market was never meant to be a free
license to take whatever you can get now
that's what caused the recent crisis and
that's why we need more regulation man
that show looks terrible awful I mean
the impersonator like I think I've seen
him before actually he does look like
Brock Obama he's got the voice kind of
but man that was just bad and Ron Paul
if he wins
she says that guy has a better chance of
being Brock Obama than Ron Paul out of
winning the presidency well John I don't
agree with you because I think
impersonating the president is very
disrespectful you shouldn't do it if
there's one thing I know about Fox News
it is principled and will stick to those
principles yes yes remember when they
complain about the Obama phones now
there's the Trump yachts and the Trump
Jets that they're giving to the rich and
so the excuse that we don't like
impersonates at least check like what we
did you could have easily done check to
see hey did we ever have an Obama
impersonator on we're most certainly we
almost certainly did right oh right
shoot we did let's come up with another
BS excuse me the Trump didn't even face
the camera didn't say anything he was
literally just tweeting which we know he
did it was a very accurate portrayal the
Obama debate a politician fake Obama
think news from Fox News last thing is
that I my favorite part of the Hat
they had the fake cover of Time magazine
that were that was in the Trump golf
courses where he of course did not earn
his way onto the cover of Time magazine
but pretended to if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
