really interesting new poll coming out
from NBC News and SurveyMonkey and what
they did was they asked people about
their views on sexual harassment do they
feel that it exists overall do they feel
that it exists in their workplace and
then they broke it down on political
lines and that was interesting for a
basically four out of every five
Americans believe that sexual harassment
is taking place in the workplace
interestingly only nine percent believe
it's happening in their own office they
might be right about that or they might
think oh I don't know that's four evil
people somewhere else it can't be
happening here but I assure you that it
can be but I I think that the political
breakdown was really interesting so
let's look at that among democratic men
sixty-six percent said they had
reflected on the issue recently while 33
percent said that they had not no it's
it's great that two-thirds of Democratic
men are doing the right thing and saying
hey you know what let's examine our own
behavior let's reflect on this there and
and examine the behavior of men overall
and and try to understand the woman's
perspective it's a little discouraging
the 33 percent are not there yet but
let's look at the Republicans now
they're the party Family Values it's
probably a higher number for them doing
the self-reflection and and and thinking
about this issue right okay some 68
percent of men who identified themselves
as Republicans or leaning toward the
party said they had not reflected on
their own behavior or attitudes towards
women so no of course not everyone's
like yeah now whatever man
I don't care no I'm not gonna reflect
that myself that would introspection
intellectual thought no caring what
women think oh I'm gonna do that
gee I wonder if there's a difference in
the parties it can't quite tell okay
then let's go to women well sixty
percent of democratic women deem
themselves more likely to speak up now
that's good that's really positive
because if there's something going wrong
they should report that and and make
sure that it's addressed well let's look
at Republican women ever their woman
after all who wants to be sexually
harassed that's ridiculous right so of
course they're gonna have very similar
numbers you imagine you know compared to
just 33% a woman associated with the GOP
who said they
do so hey that's the most shocking
number of all so most of the Democratic
women say well if it happens to me now
you know look I'm I'm more likely to
speak up and fight for myself and for
myself and and make sure that they don't
get away with it and then I don't I'm
not forced to do something I'm terribly
uncomfortable with and etc Center we
were welling with only a third only a
third say well okay I guess I'll speak
up now two-thirds like know whatever do
whatever you want but it's amazing
that's amazing
okay among Democrats just eighteen
percent said they would continue to back
a politician who face such allegations
even if they shared common views with
the individual I think that numbers too
high I mean we just did the story of
John Conyers and I agree with him
completely on politics but he's got to
go because he did those exact you can't
vote for him again and and and that's
okay
they you you have new elections you have
new primaries and you're bringing people
that have the right policy positions and
don't sexually harass or assault women
it's not that hard so it shouldn't even
be 18% well again let's go to the
Republicans they're the party of Family
Values so I'm sure the number will be
lower right I mean they were not going
to tolerate this kind of abusive
behavior immoral behavior towards women
hmm
45% of Republicans said they would
support a politician accused of sexual
harassment if that person had excellent
leadership skills and shared their views
on issues same questions to the
Democrats Democrats excellent leadership
agrees with you they go no no I'm not
gonna support him if you sexually harass
women only 18 percent said for
Republicans 45 percent only yeah rock
and roll he's pro-life great he doesn't
like Latino immigrants wonderful he
sexually harass people on the side who
cares who cares
of course I'm a devout for Obama
Republican there is a stark difference
we get frustrated at the national level
that sometimes on issues of helping
their donors and helping the big banks
etc there isn't that much
a difference between Republicans and
Democrats but among Democratic voters
and Republican voters yes there are a
big big differences sometimes here
sometimes some issues we totally agree
we both hate the corruption when it
comes to issues like this it is
exceedingly clear that one party
respects women more than the other does
including the women in the party I know
where I stand but if you're on the side
of the Republicans and think that gasps
thanks for a sment as long as the guy
agrees with me and hates the same people
I hate what's the big deal okay at least
be honest with yourself look at yourself
in the mirror say it out loud
if that's the position you're proud of
that's super weird and in disconcerting
but at least now we know you just watch
the video by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
