joining me now no michi const running
for a new office and this is exciting
you broke the news no me he yesterday on
aggressive progressives but for those
that didn't hear what office are you're
gonna run for i am running to be the
next public advocate of new york city
all right i love it i love it
so let's talk about it just real quick
before we get to your agenda which i
care most about we're people who don't
know and you didn't see yesterday's
program what does the public advocate
doing in New York so this is fascinating
because the public advocate is fairly
new position for New York City and every
single person I asked in New York those
who are in politics and government have
a completely different interpretation so
I went back to the Charter in which it
was it was designed in in the late 80s
and the first public advocate was in
1994 and really the public advocate was
there to represent a population of New
Yorkers who are being underrepresented
in the City Council at a New York City
government and it is expanded its roles
or non roles known as because they don't
have a voting seat in the City Council
to not just push the agenda in the City
Council and in the city and beyond and
set the agenda on behalf of the public
but also to hold them accountable
they're also in charge of the New York
City media division which is an unknown
you know most people don't know about
that and I think we could talk along a
lot about that and what I could do for
that Commission but you know they have a
fairly significant budget they are
there's a lot of attention on them
they're the second to the mayor in case
something happened to the mayor of
course you know the public advocate
would become mayor I do not want to be
mayor I'll make that very clear right
now but that is the basic role of being
the public advocate it is the check and
balance to New York City government but
it is also the advocate for the people
setting the agenda so my guess is that
you'll run against a lot of career
politicians whereas you have been an
investigative reporter for The Young
Turks and and and a talk show host on
Sirius satellite radio and a progressive
activist
oh I just want to talk about whether a
politician who knows the system and
that's gonna be their argument would
make a better public advocate or someone
outside the system who's a progressive
would make a better advocate for the
people of New York well I believe that
this office really should be independent
of politics and political systems I am
I'm not tethered to a political machine
I'm not tethered to special interests in
fact I'm completely independent of that
sure it would be helpful to know how a
bill goes through City Council and all
the all the little tricks that can
happen along the way but but that's not
really the job of the public advocate
the public advocate is put is there to
push City Council to write bills pass
bills in fact the public advocate can
introduce bills they just can't vote on
bills I I think that the role really is
to be a check on the system and you need
somebody who is not part of the system
that broke the system meaning getting an
outsider to have a fresh perspective on
this and also holds the system
accountable yeah look obviously have a
strong perspective on this and I worked
with Nomi and and she was great and and
but I think to me it makes perfect sense
that you would have an outsider through
this role because it's a check on
politicians so we don't need another
politician to do it we need someone like
you who has challenged the democratic
party from the outside who then went and
was part of the unity and Reform
Commission to try to reform it from the
inside it seems like I mean I don't know
I don't know if you got lucky cuz
Letitia James won the her seat and now
this seats gonna be open because it
seems like it was tailor-made for for
your resume so that's really why I'm
running for this I I don't want to be
mayor I don't want to be a count in
council I don't want to be in Congress
really I saw the opportunity here to
talk about the tremendous amount of
public excuse me a conflicts of
interests that are happening in new york
city government and york state
governments to talk about the injustice
that's happening on the ground in every
single community i mean we have a
political machine now in new york or
several political machines that are now
and people across the country are
learning about the stuff that's
happening behind the scenes
now if you had a public advocate that
went in and this is probably gonna give
you a lot of trouble and I'm gonna have
a lot of targets on my back but if you
had somebody that could trade a grid of
the conflicts of insurance and how that
affects the budget and how that affects
contracts and how that affects
relationships within city government and
with politicians you know exposing that
that's what I think the public advocate
has the ability to do I am willing to
take my investigative you know skills
into this office in a campaign as well
I'm gonna be doing this along the way
while I'm campaigning as I learn about
NYCHA in New York City a public housing
I'm gonna go in and I'm gonna
investigate if I learn about conflicts
of interest in certain agencies I'm
gonna do whatever I can within my
ability to investigate in the campaign
and then of course with the budget of
the New York City government I hope to
amplify that even more so uh you know
there's the ability to sue government
agencies with outside counsel but you
obviously have a large team that can be
put to work really digging and finding
where our city government has gone wrong
because let's not forget New York City
has the worst income inequality in the
country at the worst moment in history
yeah so I want to get to your agenda in
one second but look again I'm not
pretending to be neutral here as you
were as you were talking there no me I
thought oh man they're in a world of
trouble if you get into that seat so
you're gonna get a ton of attacks
because your specialty is looking into
conflicts of interest so if you're in a
role where you could look into the
conflicts of interests of politicians
who are not doing right by the people oh
boy buckle up okay so I want to explain
I want to explain to people that you've
already set up a website no michi cast
calm and and and there's a way to donate
to tiny URL dot-com slash donate for
know me and that's the number four and
it's obviously n om I so know me if
people give to that does it get
multiplied by six or not yet how does
that work so if you are a New York City
resident and you give to my campaign up
to the limit which is around one hundred
and seventy five dollars I
we'll get $6 for every dollar that you
contribute that is the matching fund
system in New York City that is for the
for the general election of course when
a special election is called the rules
will change a little bit but we do have
matching funds in New York City for New
York City residents it's perfect to
level the playing field for small dollar
donations to really make sure that that
local New Yorkers have a real role in
setting the agenda and supporting the
people that they want in office I can
also of course take donations from
outside of New York City of which you
know if you'd like to donate I will if
you're not a corporation and you're not
a pack of corporate PAC I will
absolutely accept your donations yeah
but you know this is really to ensure
that there's a better playing field for
all New Yorkers to run for office and
it's a great plan and I think they
should nationalize this is a perfect
role for an aggressive progressive and
that's that's exactly what you are know
me okay so now is it are you considering
a 30-hour $30 an hour minimum wage I am
I am we have an incredible policy team
that's that's working very hard right
now advising me on what's doable and
what's not doable and where we can push
the agenda and and also how we pay for
it because that's of course what
everybody is gonna ask but we do have
the ability in New York to to really
push the limit it is the largest city in
the country it is a city that sets so
much in terms of debate and policy
agendas globally I think New York is is
incredibly unaffordable I mean they're
almost 1 in 8 New Yorkers it's about
400,000 New Yorkers live in New York
public housing and it is it is a mess I
mean we have moldenhauer
and housing we have a rat situation
there's lead in the water in the paint
it is unlivable it's almost the size of
this is this is a population almost the
size of Boston right now yeah that is
the kind of injustice that we're dealing
with so when we're starting there and we
are saying to New Yorkers who really the
cost of living here is set from very
very wealthy people that you know $15
minimum wage is is what you're gonna
survive on that's a path to poverty if
you want to survive in New York City and
you have a family if you want to qualify
for to purchase purchase you know an
apartment good luck but to rent an
apartment
you need to make in some cases and parts
of Manhattan 80 times one month's rent
just qualify for that apartment so 30
dollar minimum wage is the basic livable
wage I'm calling for that by the end of
2020 in New York having lived in a lot
of different American cities it is true
that New York is especially Manhattan is
absolutely unlivable unless you're
incredibly wealthy so so it's a good
point we have about a minute left noe
but I really want to get to the other
one that really jumped out at me free
subways yes yes so we have a subway
problem like what I say problem I mean
there was in in Brooklyn at the Atlantic
Station the ceiling collapsed a couple
of days ago on to people that is how
decrepit our subway system is we pay in
as taxpayers into the subway system into
the MTA fund the money is not being
allocated to fix the subways but we pay
for it so that we can you know fix it
and fund it this is a criminal justice
issue the money is there we have to take
a serious look at our budget and I think
that you know obviously the governor and
the mayor have had some difficulties and
taking responsibility for for the
funding of the subways but I do think
it's important to have another voice out
there saying not only should we be
fixing our subways that we should give
me making it free for for New Yorkers I
mean maybe tourists can pay a different
price but New Yorkers this is a criminal
justice issue as well so you know you
should have to choose between your
MetroCard and a meal two dollars and 75
cents for for a swipe on a MetroCard and
you have kids jumping turnstiles and
getting written up and then suddenly
they're in Rikers and their lives are
ruined this is an incredible problem in
New York it may be the subway epidemic
is hitting working people and people in
poverty the most if you're a mother and
you live in an outer borough and your
single mother and you have to pay for
child care and you have to make it into
work and you're late you that could cost
you an hour's wage that could cost you
your job this is this is the lifeline of
New York and we need to fix it yeah it's
amazing what happens when you look at
something from the public's perspective
rather than the
powerful perspective the people in power
go oh no no no we can't do any of these
things but as you lay it out there it
seems like that would be exactly what a
public advocate would at least fight for
so my guess is that the Young Turks
audience and that progressives across
the country are going to be awfully
excited about this this race so now
Mickey can't come
everybody please check it out well
obviously have the links down below if
you're watching later on YouTube or
Facebook know me great to have you on
there again and and fighting for
progressives again thank you so much
Jenkin thank you to the whole to IC
family always the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT dot-com /
app
