interesting new revelation is about ROI
more this is not about the children that
he molested when he was in his 30s this
is about his political beliefs
now that's perfectly relevant to the
race right I'm so the Republicans
complaining about all stop talking about
how he molested 14 year olds okay fine
here we'll talk about what he believes
so st. progress reports here Alabama
Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore
co-authored a 2011 study course in which
a speaker contended women should not be
allowed to run for public office and if
they did people have a moral obligation
not to vote for them well to be fair I
mean you know what are we going back
dozens of years here oh no 2011 that's
it
in 2011 he co-authored a book in it not
it's by the way this curriculum is in a
non sense school that isn't an actual
school it's meant to trick people and
solid is the Christian Way and come pay
for this and then we'll tell you how to
you know subjugate women and oh yeah
great let's do it right so Roy Moore was
in wilder than 2011 on this like this
didn't get him disqualified like the
Alabama voters look at stuff like this
oh my god women should know they're
wrong right yeah the child molestation
well that's 5050 let's think about it
anyway look let's get you to the details
so you could make up your own mind as to
whether it was really that bad well here
was one of the lessons from that book
that Roy Moore co-authored or the the
corset eco arthaud the title is the
biblical role of the women is opposed to
the idea of female magistrates meaning
people who women in government
number one the woman was created to be a
helper suited for men number two she's
called to fulfill the roles that God has
determined for her God or the men in
charge anyway number three she used to
be a keeper at home number four she used
to be the mother of the children in
other words know your role literally and
so if you're a woman in Alabama you're
thinking about him for Roy Moore okay I
think you ought to have your head
examined but I give gay
to be subjugated and denied certain
rights that every other American has go
for it
in fact they also in this course
criticized the suffragette movement that
got the women the right to vote and what
are they doing why why do they have
shoes on their outside shouldn't they be
bear feeding at home but get the right
to vote this is the American Taliban
so his co professor in this course at
the vision forum was William I'm doctor
and so what does mr. einman I have to
say about women he says they are quote
the weaker vessel these are not random
quotes from this gentleman this is in
the course he said about women she's not
a warrior she's not a judge she's a
woman this is the Republican Party in
Alabama no Kim and by the way you can
prove me wrong if you show me that it's
not the Republican Party in Alabama if
the Republicans don't vote for this guy
if you do you're like yeah of course
women that weak weaker vessel anyway
here's more from I've a sir sometimes it
may have had a hard time discerning the
faith the character and the views of a
particular candidate but we can usually
discern if the candidates a man or a
woman and so there is no excuse on that
one in conclusion we've argued that
scripture teaches us that it is not
God's revealed will for a woman to serve
as a civil magistrate and thus to rule
over men in the civil sphere you can't
us we rule over uses a rocker I'm back
there okay and one last one I think from
him yes the world is in such pressing
need for mother's motherly women that
none can be spared for public life why
don't you just be the baby machine that
we decided you should be and shut up
about it
you big in government and ruling over us
no that's not how it works
and Roy Morris says yes vision form this
course teaching what this guy wonderful
wonderful women know your role if you if
you're a woman
you vote for Roy Moore I guess you had
it coming and if he takes away your
rights well you should celebrate yes
back to bare feet in the kitchen yes
Noemi a judge of course I can't do that
I'm weak okay if you feel that way go
for vote for Roy Moore I find you to be
pathetic
okay strong women in Alabama and I
believe they exist in numbers will if
they see this I think we'll get a sense
of Roy Moore's true character okay one
last thing a vision form this nonsense
non-college was run by a guy named Doug
Phillips but it doesn't exist anymore
now wait a minute they were just
teaching course back in 2011 it's that
not that long ago why what what happened
well let's find out
Bishop forum closed in 2013 after
Phillips resigned having admitted to a
lengthy and inappropriately romantic and
affectionate relationship with a woman
who was not his wife
shortly thereafter that woman Lourdes
Taurus Manta fol sued Phillips & Vision
form detailing an emotionally
psychologically and sexually abusive
relationship that started when she was
just 15 years old birds of a feather
flock together so there you have it all
the good Christians down in Alabama with
the family values in the Republican
Party you like family values how you
like them values women should know their
role and apparently so little girls
14 15 and 16 years old these
conservatives down in Alabama that
support Roy Moore knowing this stuff are
honestly depraved and sometimes
unfortunately proud of it
your choice you want to back this guy
that's your call but then we know
exactly who you are
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
