Rex dosa is the Secretary of State at
least for now but it looks like there's
a movement afoot to get him out now if
you remember he of course was the CEO of
ExxonMobil why was he even Secretary of
State in the first place well Donald
Trump and the Russians have some sort of
friendship let's put it that way
and the Russians number one priority
from the US government was to lift the
sanctions so that they can complete a
half a trillion dollar deal with
ExxonMobil so now that's gonna play into
the story a little bit later but they
have not been able to lift those
sanctions Senate and the House voted to
maintain them and in fact add new
sanctions and the boat was so
overwhelming 98 to to the Trump was
forced to sign it because they could
override his veto by the way he still
has not actually implemented those
sanctions as usual completely outside of
the law for Donald Trump but then the
drama began when Rex Tillerson
apparently called in a private meeting
the President and effing moron
and then the president was unhappy with
that one that news story broke he
claimed that it was fake but you could
tell that he knew that it was real
because among the different crazy things
that he did was challenging his own
secretary of state to an IQ test yet
that's what you know some was really
smart when they publicly challenge
others to IQ tests including people on
their own team so now in the New York
Times with at this point I suppose an
unsurprising story that the Trump team
is beginning to push Rex Tillerson out
so let me give you the details well the
White House's developed a plan to force
out Secretary of State Tillerson whose
relationship with President Trump has
been strained and replaced him with Mike
Pompeo the CIA director perhaps within
the next several weeks senior
administration officials said on
Thursday when Trump was asked about this
he gave this awesome non-answer he's
here
Rex is here well I suppose so almost by
definition but if you have ever seen a
non-committal answer that is it in other
words
no no okay Sarah how could be Sanders
the White House spokesperson press
secretary said when asked about this
there are no personnel announcements at
this time no no no no no no it was a it
was a it was a brief romance in fact I'm
gonna get to how brief it is in a second
and New York Times explains public
disclosure of mr. Kelly's transition
plan may have been meant as a signal to
the secretary that it is time to go
ma'am I'm pretty sure that's exactly to
what the point of that leak was yes
absolutely
now returning to mr. Tillison reaction
mr. Towson's departure has been widely
anticipated for months as The Times
explains but associates have said that
he was intent on finishing out the year
I love this part to retain whatever
dignity he could even so an
end-of-the-year exit would make his time
in office the shortest of any Secretary
of State whose tenure was not ended by a
change in presidents in nearly 120 years
now given Trump's track record it's more
about Trump than it is about Tillerson
as I've said many times I believe that
he still thinks that he's on the
apprentice and has to fire a person a
week and he is fired more people and
then you could possibly imagine any one
of these fires might have been a giant
scandal under the Obama administration
but under Trump we have gotten quite
used to them but here's an interesting
twist in March Tillerson had admitted
that he quote didn't want this job so
that goes to my theory about the Russian
sanctions the only reason Tilson took
the job is because he wanted to lift
those sanctions to help his good friends
that I saw mobile he was not only the
CEO he was there for 41 years obviously
had a ton of stock options along the way
etc and owed a lot of allegiance to that
company it's a half a trillion dollar
deal with Russia that Exxon had but the
revenue from that deal could be as high
as nine trillion dollars now in March
you began to get notes from the Senate
in the house that they were going to
make sure that the same
just could not be lifted and all of a
sudden tiller says like wait what am I
doing here now Marge is only a couple
months into the term and at that point
though this is already like oh this
turned out to be useless
so frustrations on both sides and rooted
in what I believe is there the core
corruption of both parties I mean
there's a reason why Trump put Tillerson
end and there's a reason why I tell us
I'm accepted and it has nothing to do
with the fact that he had any experience
in diplomacy because he didn't he had
zero experience it had everything to do
with the fact that he was the CEO of
ExxonMobil okay and and the times
further explains that mr. Tilson has
often been on a different page than mr.
Trump and he has spent much of his time
reorganizing the State Department
slashing its budget and pushing out more
than 2,000 career diplomats so I don't
want you to get things twisted here a
lot of you if you're Americans or even
more so if you're from anywhere else in
the world can't stand Trump but that
doesn't mean the people that are opposed
to Trump are necessarily good guys
especially within his own administration
no Tillerson I think came in for
corruption and then nearly pulverized
the State Department so I shed no tear
for Tillerson leaving he I think he was
a bad guy can't think he came in with
bad intent and had very bad actions
within the State Department now just
because Trump is worse doesn't make
Tillerson a good guy now how about the
guy replacing him Mike Pompeo that is
who they believe will come in he is the
currently the CIA director
why does Trump want him because number
one
Pompeyo kisses his ass and quite
feverishly at that that is the number
one qualifying attribute that Donald
Trump looks for and it is explained in
every article on this issue that they're
like Oh Trump likes the fact that Bob
Mayo is pro Trump what question Trump so
Pompeo to some degree politicize the CIA
to be fair to him he also did point out
that yes the Rush's did interfere in the
2016 elections but another in every
other way supported Trump locks that so
Trump is looking forward to him doing
that at
State Department now the second reason
to support Pompeo is because the
alt-right loves them so you remember
sebastian Gorka the guy who was so
unhinged that trump loved him on TV but
his chief of staff John Kelly had to
remove him from the White House because
he was such a lunatic well in october
sebastian Gorka former adviser to
president Donald Trump told Breitbart
Pompeo is quote fully on board very
loyal to the president that's page
laminar HuffPost reporting that and of
course the president loves that and
Gorkhas complete alt-right character so
the fact that he likes pompeii was a
very bad sign in in fact he went on to
say having someone like Pompeo coming to
the State Department would be great news
and if it's great news to the alt-right
and Sebastian Gorka it is probably
terrible news for the country so from
bad to worse that is the usual state of
affairs for the Trump administration
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
