we go to this video of Savannah Guthrie
obviously colleague of Matt Lauer and
the experience that she's undergoing you
know for the moment all we can say is
that we are heartbroken I'm heartbroken
from Matt he is my dear dear friend and
my partner and he is beloved by many
many people here and I'm heartbroken for
the brave colleague who came forward to
tell her story and any other women who
have their own stories to tell and we
are grappling with a dilemma that so
many people have faced these past few
weeks how do you reconcile your love for
someone with the revelation that they
have behaved badly and I don't know the
answer to that but I do know that this
reckoning that so many organizations
have been going through is important
it's long overdue and it must result in
workplaces where all women all people
who feel safe and respected so look
she's in a super tough spot as a lot of
folks have been recently where you work
with somebody you like them and then you
find out things about them that are very
very uncomfortable in this concerting
yeah and so I feel terrible for Savannah
Guthrie now Roker later was also quite
affected by it and never worked with
this guy for a long time and they never
experienced the door getting locked on
them they never experienced the sexual
harassment so to them he was just a good
friend and colleague and by the way not
everybody had that same experience with
Matt Lauer yeah the the person who was
there before Savannah Guthrie did felt
like he ran an all-boys Club and they
did not get along and he felt that she
pushed her him out but nothing along
these lines right and so I just always
feel bad for the people because she like
Sarah Silverman said you know what am I
going to do I this is terrible but when
she was hurt about louis c.k but he's my
friend and i don't know how to resign i
own him for years or decades yeah yeah I
don't know like I often wonder like
every every murderer has people who know
them I mean how do you reconcile what
you thought about this person who might
be a relative or a friend of yours or a
co-worker of yours with what they've
done and especially I mean like when
it's clearly predatory that there's
sort of system that there's a button
under the desk that there's a pattern
going on that that could have been going
on while you were working with this
person how do you how do you go through
that I don't understand how like you
feel like you know the persons you've
built up this relationship you've built
up a trust and so that's got to be
difficult on top of obviously the far
worse experience of the people who are
victimized by these people and and then
finally you know Andy Cohen had asked
Katie Couric back in 2012
what's allow as most annoying habit
because they worked together for a long
time and Katie Couric's not the person
I'm referring to and curry was the one
who said that Lauer had kind of pushed
her out and ran a boys club but Katie
Couric said about his most Adonia habit
quote he pinches me on the ass a lot now
if he's doing that to Katie Couric who's
super powerful
who was his co-anchor I maybe we
shouldn't be overly surprised by what he
was doing to non powerful women yeah I
don't I mean everybody everybody in
every Co office is having conversations
about what's acceptable based on how you
know people there are people who feel
like they're very close friends with
their co-workers and so maybe some
things are more appropriate at a certain
point though some things like when you
were literally pinching a person's ass
that's hard to imagine how that can feel
justified if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now t whitey network.com slash join get
the whole Yonkers show every day
