with all that's going on in the news we
can't allow ourselves to forget that
this is also the set of just a few weeks
that will determine the life or death of
net neutrality going forward because the
FCC is looking to destroy it and that is
coming up very soon with that in mind
I've got bad news for you and that has
to do partially with how people view the
topic of net neutrality but also maybe
why they view it that way and that has
to do with the coverage or lack of
coverage in the media and this is mostly
coming from the great work of Media
Matters and cataloguing this let's hurry
up this first graphic you're gonna see
the broadcast news networks that NBC
didn't talk about at all not for one
second ABC somehow found a way to talk
about it for 25 seconds I don't even
know what that would be 25 second I do
yeah yeah and then we get two minutes
out of them
CBS right yeah I don't know the Lois I
think it's yes yeah it's but it's not a
lot of time it's really not a lot of
time now that's the broadcast networks
now thankfully the cable news networks
did talk about it more although it's not
that much better MSNBC was actually the
best they far outpaced the coverage of
net neutrality compared to CNN and Fox
News from originally being reported on
the Rachel Maddow Show this most recent
push on November 20th
they have since spent nearly seven 47
minutes on net neutrality which when you
consider that these networks all have 24
hours and repeat the same stories over
and over it seems low even then but
let's compare that 47 minutes to CNN
which devoted approximately 10 minutes
and Fox News which spent a little more
than 11 minutes however that included
two interviews with a GPI who's going to
destroy net neutrality on Fox and
Friends I'm sure it was a substantive
deep dive and app I gave no other
interviews and segments included in the
study and so the raw numbers maybe 10
minutes and 11 minutes sounds good but
if that is basically purely from the
point of view of the person who wants to
kill net neutrality maybe it would be
better if they didn't talk about it at
all yeah of course Fox is on the side of
giant media companies who would like to
control the internet and pass their own
regulations and not let the government
protect our interests and basically
protect the Internet as it is that's not
surprising NBC not running any stories
on it when they're owned by Comcast
one of the Internet service providers
also not surprising but credit to MSNBC
so they're also owned by Comcast but
they spent the most amount of time on
that issue so maybe not enough by our
standards but but still way better than
than the rest so credit to them
especially because they're owned by
Comcast
yeah and interesting I believe that you
already reported this but we should
repeat that Comcast recently deleted
their three-year old no paid
prioritization net neutrality pledge
where they said that they would not you
know have tears basically where if you
pay more you get more or more likely if
you don't pay more you get less that's
usually how that works out and oddly
enough it's a weird coincidence they
deleted that pledge on the same day the
FCC who said they were gonna destroy net
neutrality weird how that works out yeah
and I like how while they were while
Obama was in charge and while they were
pretending that they were gonna be moral
actors like no will protect it and in it
on our own because we care about the
public okay they're like oh we don't
have to care about the public anymore
Trump's in charge yeah we were just
kidding obviously we changed our own
laws anytime we want it's just they're
not actual laws and so we changed our
rule and we decided that we can slow
down your website yeah yeah and I mean
if this gets destroyed and we start to
see those tears of service and the vast
majority of us end up on a crappy tear
where it's not that they're building new
higher speed things for those who pay
more they will find ways to cut your
speed now and probably charge you more
for it even then that's going to affect
all areas of the internet our show porn
and Netflix which is the vast majority
what most people do but I automatically
think about like think about people who
are debating whether they can afford to
have the internet in the first place
maybe they don't have it yet the US has
lower rates than a lot of other parts of
the world or schools that are
considering hooking up more internet
capable computers like think about those
people and what will end up happening to
their experience like if they're trying
to use the internet for education for
instance doing classwork and things of
that sort like think about how much we
already have this huge inequality in
terms of educational outcomes between
classes and that could even it could
only get worse the Internet is supposed
to be the great equalizer but it's not
gonna be equal anymore so that's gonna
be great for a lot of them there
so before we get to other parts of the
story and and what Americans think about
net neutrality I just want to give you
an avenue to fight back
so one thing you do is you can sign a
petition that let's go to graphics 16
through 19 a Aces petition that is just
Democrats are doing so these are the
guys who are uncorrupted they don't take
corporate PAC money so they don't
represent corporations they represent
you guys just Democrats dot-com / net
neutrality they and the petition says
the FCC em to the leadership of Trump
appointed chairman Roger PI is set to
end net neutrality with a vote on
December 14th this move by the
government agency will effectively sell
the American people out to large isp
conglomerates like Comcast and Verizon
who will be able to charge websites to
reach users at faster speeds now this is
interesting if you guys didn't know they
point out luckily Congress has the power
to reverse any decision made by the FCC
through a congressional resolution of
disapproval and can also apply political
pressure please sign this petition and
call your Congress person to demand that
they do everything in their power to
stop the nonsense of Trump and PI from
destroying the internet or there will be
consequences and now by the way you
could occupy is not gonna listen but you
could email them be civil rajat dot pi
at FCC gov and the votes on December
14th this is the building Federal
Communications Commission for 45:12
Street Southwest Washington DC 25 5 4
look let's stop there because I look
what do we have left
they're inviting disaster right so
there's all these comments that we're
sent to the FCC John's gonna tell you
about that in a second and what a joke
that turned out to be ok so they don't
care
most people are guests that they don't
care only us and Republicans are against
yeah I don't care
yeah Republicans voters are against it
they don't care so what are the
Republicans do whenever they're in a bad
situation they get physical so they the
most famous instances in Florida they
saw at the recount in in 2000 and a
bunch of Republican lobbyist and and and
staffers get together and they went and
circled the building in miami-dade
to stop the recount and it worked and it
worked they pretend to be real Americans
who are outraged that we were counting
the boat as if a thing like that exists
right and they shut down the boat and it
turns out if they had recounted all of
Florida Al Gore would have been present
and it worked so okay well then surround
the FCC building on December 14th don't
let them take the vote so don't do
anything physical to any human being
please please please okay so you know
we're on the Left we're not we don't
believe in physical action against human
beings okay but on the other hand what
the FCC building like if we had any kind
of semblance of democracy here you know
what other countries do they pour into
the streets there's tens of thousands
hundreds of thousands of people there
should be a hundred thousand people
surround the FCC building going go see
if you can take the boat now okay that's
the only thing left yeah yeah I mean
look realistically this is what we
should have I don't know if it needs to
be a constitutional amendment but and
maybe this is just to make it sound like
eek but there's a variety of Rights that
we need to have one of them is the right
to you know unrestrained access to the
Internet
it's not an optional thing it's ain't
the early 90s this isn't just for like
people who want to play doom or
something like that you need this for
every area of life from Commerce
Business School relationships
increasingly everything and one of the
reasons I think that they might be able
to squeak it through right now is one is
we allow Trump to be elected we knew
that this would happen since he spoke
out in 2014 against that neutrality but
also that people have been worn down by
multiple times that we've already had
this discussion under Obama this came up
multiple times and we we put pressure on
the government and they went in the
right direction Obama and the FCC at
that point went in the right direction
and so it just keeps coming up over and
over and over and this time they might
actually succeed so the the petition
will have the link down in the
description box on YouTube and in a
comment section on Facebook but let me
tell you where we are on the polls and
what Americans think about this a poll
from marnier this will go on a graphic
32 its poll for morning consult and
Politico
release on Wednesday found there's 52
percent of registered voters support net
neutrality regulations compared with 18
percent who say they don't now
you there is that most people don't know
what it means and 40% don't have any
period and and so uh 46% that they've
heard a lot or some about net neutrality
recently that means the majority of
Americans have not heard about it and so
partly because of what John pointed out
which is that the media is hardly
covering it at all so since they didn't
see it on TV a lot of older Americans
they never heard about it so whereas the
people who did hear about it the numbers
are overwhelming 52 to 18 on our side in
fact a 55% of Democrats are for net
neutrality that's keeping the Internet
as it is but so are 53% of Republicans
yeah the Republicans go wait no don't
take away my right wing websites you
think those big cable companies are
gonna care about your right wing blogs
no your first on the chopping block they
don't like your bigotry that it costs
them customers yeah so that's why actual
voters hate this thing
now which leads us to the hilarious
situation which is graphic 34 about what
happened when they asked for comments of
the FCC but first let me give you a
little bit of context and last time they
did this in 2014 a lot of people send in
comments they sent in about 450 thousand
comments overall and they were all
freaky almost all for keeping net
neutrality and so the Republicans on the
Commission looked at that and go when
you ask for comments it doesn't turn out
well for us right they like the Internet
they want to keep it as it is we tried
to do our propaganda we sent argit PI on
fox news and we did all that stuff about
oh no keeping the internet as it is
would be government regulation instead
let Verizon and Comcast do any
regulation they like but only for their
but if it did not yours oh damn that
didn't work so this time they asked for
comments but now there are BOTS so we
get 22 million comments but let's Lou
okay let's look into that Pew Research
Center found out and this is reported by
the hill the organization found that of
the 20 1.7 million comments submitted to
the FCC on the Obama here are rules this
year just 6% were unique the other
ninety four percent were duplicate
comments Wow
okay now to give you a context where are
the which side has the duplicate
comments now one instance was 2.8
million people sent the same comment
because John Oliver did a segment on it
that's awesome okay that's a lot of
people yeah yeah yes John Oliver
considering that he does like 8 minutes
of video a year he devoted a lot of it
to net neutrality going back through the
year so he deserves a lot of yeah so
those are actually human beings who got
worked up by John Oliver bless his heart
and said yes I want to keep net
neutrality and now let's look at the
rest the seven most common messages
found in the record comprised 38% of all
the comments just seven right six of the
one was John Oliver's fans six of those
were anti net neutrality messages
submitted a combined 5.5 million times
hmm maybe that people really don't like
net neutrality yeah yeah maybe they were
listening to Rush Limbaugh and he's like
oh who needs the intern end five and a
half million people got on and said oh
no no no I I'm gonna send the same exact
message right ya know or perhaps those
big internet service provider companies
are like oh there's a thing called the
bots where we can pretend the people are
on our side send this thing a five and a
half million messages yeah saying oh I
hate freedom on the internet please slow
down all my websites I don't want to
watch Netflix oh I want it to be really
slow porn yuck no slow that down I don't
want that either
okay lots of people - yeah right wing
and left wing sites that don't agree
with the establishment I hate those
please that Verizon and Comcast control
them see look at this elitist live over
here I don't know about you but
sometimes when I watch things online
like Westworld the plots really
complicated it's hard to follow it's
nice when it pauses all the time for
like 10 seconds and buffers it gives me
time to think about the plot figure out
what's going on I have a couple of other
numbers though seven point seven million
comments were submitted from male
domains attributed to the website fake
mail generator com yeah I can't quite
down also and it's interesting to find
out sometimes there's Geographic
differences and how much people care
about an issue like some issues you know
in California they care a lot of its I'm
in Florida they care a lot about it in
this case it was from somewhere else
though a four hundred and forty thousand
four hundred and forty five thousand
comments came from Russian email
addresses huh so it turns out they just
really care about stopping net
neutrality in Russia yeah that works out
it is kind of weird
it's funny how by the way that's more
than all the comments that came around
the last time the FCC solicited comments
came from Russian email address now do
you think the Russians really care about
making sure the Verizon and Comcast make
more money yes no okay
but somehow whatever Trump supports his
websites in Russia that also supported
no weird coincidence and so look you
guys for the people who do understand
that neutrality and understand that it
stands for freedom on the internet and
keeping things as they are and then and
then for those folks when Occupy in
those clowns go around saying oh we have
a lot of comments from fake calm that's
saying that they just think that
neutrality is terrible they just don't
want Internet to say stay as it is you
think we're not gonna catch you you
think we're not savvy enough to figure
out where it's coming from so in this
case Pew Research Center did a wonderful
job yeah but you were gonna get caught
either way they to them it's just a joke
it's just a way of how do I do
propaganda enough of a fig leaf for me
to do whatever my literal corporate
masters told me to do this project I
worked for them before he will work for
them again they're the donors to the
Republicans who are supporting this and
and when they go out they'll probably
work as lobbyist for these same
companies yeah so when people talk about
revolution this is it I mean you you
need a revolution so that they the
corporation's don't take over every
single part of our lives
they've already captured the government
now they're gonna capture the Internet
and and that's that's and who's the only
people fighting back look a lot of folks
online give them credit and by the way
yes right wing and left wing sites so
bless their hearts and yes Google and
Facebook are the good guys in this case
and Netflix they're all fighting for net
neutrality and but also on the political
side
Democrats because the corporate
Democrats Oh like oh it's bad mm-hmm
right
but they also take corporate money just
Democrats don't take corporate money so
they care just as Democrats calm slash
net neutrality the link is in the
description box sign the petition find
any way you can to fight back TYT
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream at
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
