here comes the Justice League we got
three excellent candidates among the
just Democrats and I want to tell you
about they've got a lot of volunteers
but they need some full-time staff so
let's go through these folks charter
Richardson Florida seventh District he's
taken on a Blue Dog Democrat I don't
want any Blue Dogs he was the head of
the ACLU down there support him quarry
Bush Missouri's first District she led
the st. Louis protests I'm gonna tell
you more about that in a second
Alexandria Casa Cortez is gonna say take
down
say it ain't so joke Crowley and in New
York eyes Wall Street's favorite
Democrat and Alex's is going to defeat
him so how are you guys gonna help Jay
Dems dot us or us both are good us or us
depending on however you want to
pronounce it - t-white III TYT three
okay so we're gonna have that link for
you obviously in the description box
sometimes we're gonna have it at like
this corner here there's like an eye
sometimes that works click that corner
see what happens anyway what why why do
we need to go forward on this like Cory
Bush is running terrific campaign in
Missouri and look she's not a saint a
politician she actually could have run
for a Senate seat but she works in her
district and she has to report to work
every day she's a regular human being
and on top of that and on top of hunting
for a congressional race she went and
led the protests in st. Louis over and
over and over again and she's featured
in national press for because she
deserves it
and she was there before any of the
cameras showed up she was there before
the congressional run in fact just
Democrats picked her because we knew
that she'd be in there for the community
all along and had led protests and is
uncorrupted so they're not taking any
big donor money if you're not taking big
donor money you got to help him out with
small donor donations otherwise they
can't win so now let me show you charter
Richardson he's in Florida in Florida
seventh district he's running against
Stephanie Murphy one of the most
conservative Blue Dog Democrats in the
country if you're in a democratic
district you're in a progressive
district why don't you have a
progressive as your congressman
Republicans won't
anyone that's in a deeply read district
that isn't right of Attila the Hun so I
don't know why the Democratic Party
keeps asking you to bow your head and to
take corporate Democrats when in a blue
district you can take anyone you like
you could have a real progressive in
Toronto like all the just democratic
candidates does not take corporate PAC
money so you can trust them that he's
actually on your side and for the right
reasons small donor donations wins the
day I want to give you
by the way charters race to one of the
top ten races according to CNN Gregory
Craig said an upset here would signal a
big shift in the direction of the
party's progressive wing for Sunshine
State Democrats so if you're in Florida
look in all these cases keep
volunteering because they volunteers are
gonna what's one gonna win this race but
the reason we're doing the fundraiser
now for these specific three is they're
great candidates and great races but in
order to organize the hundreds of
volunteers they have they need campaign
manager saying you think that's funny
like Oh campaign manager isn't that
thing you're supposed to have right away
yes if you take big donor money and you
take corporate money yes some IBM will
get your campaign manager whatever sorry
I BM for throwing them under the bus
when all the companies donate and and
then you can find Stein in California
has plenty of money here's millions of
dollars she's a campaign manager we are
doing it with small donor money and
these guys are super competitive races
they have excellent chance of winning
because of their volunteer army but
those volunteer armies needs a head we
need to have full-time staffers running
those volunteers so please J dams dot
u.s. slash tyt three again the link will
be in the description box it'll be in
there on Facebook on the comments
section and then I think over here
somewhere okay last one for you
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes running in in
New York 14th district and she's running
against Joe Crowley Joe Crowley is Wall
Street's favorite Democrat and he is
that districts and the Queen's in the
Bronx but he doesn't live there he lives
in Virginia he's lived in Virginia for a
long long
time his kids go to school there he
basically got appointed to that seat
that doesn't seem very democratic and
and and and why is he high up in
Democratic leadership because he brings
in the money from Wall Street that is
not what the Castillo is and the Queens
and the Bronx are looking for they're
looking to get represented so if you
don't want your Congressman representing
the donors you want them representing
you that's why we've got the Justice
Democrats and the Justice League so go
to J Dems dot u s slash tyt three click
there and donate trying to get to a
hundred thousand dollars to be able to
hire these staffers J Dems out u.s.
slash tyt three and obviously go to the
description box to click that link and
help out and once you do if they upset
these conservative Democrats even if you
gave three bucks you get to say I did
that which is kind of an awesome feeling
election night is going to be electric
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm /join
