I grew up as part of the left everywhere
I lived in Britain in Australian America
and Greece we of the left always fall
back to the fallacy that you know the
reason why we cannot combine forces to
make change that is good for the many is
because the establishment is so strong
and so powerful and undermines us
rubbish Donald Trump proved that you can
go against the establishment and winning
what we lack
as the left as progressive is ambition
and a capacity to overcome the mentality
I don't know whether this is popular in
this country the opening scene in Monty
Python's Life of Brian when you know
there is a Judean people's front whose
greatest enemy is the liberation front
of Judea and not the Romans so we you
know we are exactly the same
we are fantastic at starting major
skirmishes between progressives I'm not
binding together the way that the right
has always bound together and it's it's
smoke and mirrors because if you look at
the numbers at least in United States I
would argue globally the far right is
the the ideology is is catching fire but
it is not meaning the nationalist
fascist elements it's catching fire but
it's not growing at the same rate and
it's nowhere near the numbers and so
when I think about the future of this
global movement I mean there's a
difference between maybe past movements
there it is much more interconnected
you're sitting here on a couch with me
talking about the global Left speaking
to YouTube when millions of people
hopefully watch this that wasn't
possible you know that the media had a
they had they held this conversation as
if you know this is what's true we have
no clues now we have no we have didn't
we did it in Greece you did well that's
how we were elected we were not elected
because the media liked us in July of
2015 when we called referendum
and put the people of Greece the
ultimatum that came from the creditors
every television channel was portraying
those of us who were recommending and no
to the creditors ultimatum as you know
the apostles of Armageddon you know the
they evil priests and you know the fake
news everywhere and toxic attitude
towards all those all of those who you
know who supported the no vote and we
won 62% of the vote and it was portray
that way here as well this is this
message carried through so it can be
done
