we have ample evidence of not just
neanderthal spiritual expression but
even homo erectus spiritual expressions
so whatever this thing is however you
want to define it this religious impulse
this thing that just kind of exists in
our brain whether it's an accident or
whether it's on purpose whatever it is
we can trace it back to even before our
species existed and that's significant
right that's something that we need to
to kind of figure out why and and you
know we can talk about that question all
you want to but this joke about God is
an old man with a beard is not a joke
we're actually cognitively compelled to
think of God in those terms most of us
tend to turn God into a kind of father
figure which is why he always has a
beard and why he lives up in heaven and
why he has sometimes a throne and in
fact really when you when you look at
these sort of studies done by cognitive
psychologists on children whether those
children come from religious backgrounds
or not when you ask them to start
describing what they think of God they
just naturally start to create this
super human being with human emotions
but without human limitations so we're
kind of born with it and that's what I
think is so fascinating talking about
the origins of religious experience is a
difficult topic right because you're
talking about deep into prehistory and
essentially what we're left with is
material evidence we dig stuff up out of
the ground we date it we try to
interpret it and then we try to base
some kind of theory based on that
interpretation so obviously there are an
enormous amount of variables there and
some debate about what the meaning is
that said we have ample evidence of
graves burials that that clearly show
the evidence of ritualistic behavior and
by the way I should just mention just
the very fact that our ancient ancestors
buried the dead
indication of a spiritual exercise
because there is no reason to bury a
dead body particularly of course at that
time it's far more it's far less
materially expensive in terms of time
and effort things that should be used
for survival to just simply dump the
body out and let the animals and the
birds take care of it but not only do we
bury our dead but we buried them with
trinkets we buried them with tools and
with necklaces and and things that were
precious to them when they were alive
things that they may need in the next
life that process itself is indicative
of a spiritual process but we also even
have evidence of idols things that that
clearly express some kind of spiritual
significance that have been dated
200-300 thousand years or more and so
there is a fair bit of unanimity in the
field of religious studies that what
however you want to define the religious
impulse and remember I'm not saying
religion in religion is a new thing I'm
talking about the impulse towards it
that that predates the existence of homo
sapiens
