French president Emmanuel macron wants
to outlaw quote gender-based insults
during a speech at the International Day
for the elimination of violence against
women
he said verbal attacks he wants them to
come with a fine
so you'd be fine for saying you know
verbally disparaging things to women
which means Pepe LePew is going to jail
the streets should not become hell for
the women of France he said calling to
seal a pact of equality between men and
women he announced plans to make the new
rules within weeks what do you think
about in France it being a finable
offense to that we're talking about
finable mhm yeah so not no jail no jail
just a fine yes that's better better
yeah better jail would be hideous
because especially because especially in
a society like the French society that
kind of law will inevitably be used to
police only black and brown people in
the bad news not people that look like a
man well Mike Rome right there's more
that they want to say mando is a lot
smarter than we were he's a better tribe
better traveled yeah I always hear the
thing that like Francis super racist
Francis super racist if Europe in
general is there's a difference so the
the racism that exists in Europe is
largely because of it a lot of these
sort of superficial racism that we've
kind of eliminated largely we still have
a huge amount of systemic racism and all
that stuff but we've you can't just go
on TV and like say the n-word anymore
you know like you need that would you be
immediately fired in Europe there exist
a lot more of that sort of dujour racism
it's much more acceptable still I think
largely because they're immigrant
communities are much newer they're not
they're not as used they're not as sort
of they haven't been fighting these sort
of battles for you know hundreds of
years like we have here there's a kind
of an influx of non-white people into
Europe Western Europe after World War
two but it's super racist like you know
mmm in the the black and brown people
with in front society and it's not just
French society it's in Spain and
in Germany and all these places like I
mean they have like race riots all the
time because they're just completely cut
out they're just they're just completely
ghettoized and cut out and if there is
no like I mean the idea I mean we can
like we know that Barack Obama being
elected didn't end racism in America but
that is so unthinkable in Europe for
there to be a non-white you know a head
of state or anything like that it is
just beyond anything imaginable so yeah
it's super racist but to this you know
that obviously there's the danger there
is obvious because what what constitutes
an insult right there are these weird
laws that I'm in America about like
stalking and verbally harassing women on
the street and it varies state to state
and some of them are so strangely worded
they're things like well if you're
within 300 feet if you follow someone
for a thousand feet if you say
disparaging things and make a physical
threat it they try to put a finer point
on it but it it's it's strange it just
depends on like what is the I guess way
people typically go about making women
feel uncomfortable in any given state
the the issue also is that you know for
in Western Europe and France and Germany
and faces they they've outlawed
basically like Nazi speech you know yes
they've outlawed you know the denial of
the Holocaust is illegal you can't just
go out and you know be like we're Nazi
paraphernalia on the street and but that
has not prevented the resurgence of a
far-right movement through in many
Western European countries right that
these that that often you know I think
the intent of these losses is genuine
but they don't always have the in the
the they don't always achieve the
intended goals is it a waste of time I
don't know I mean I was like you said I
mean if they were if this was a criminal
you know situation but it wasn't
criminal it to you know to wait the Nazi
flag I think I think I think it just it
is it is not a I mean it's not a useful
it's okay they never to believe like
these the
should it be I mean is it like couldn't
you get jail time in France you could
yeah but you know again it hasn't you
know it's just fine I just find it weird
that they would sort of try to implement
these laws and just without any sort of
analysis of whether they are achieving
the goals which they want to achieve I
get it and but I do think there's
something to be said for putting out a
law that is like this is what we stand
for this is one step in the process I
totally we we didn't get to a story
today in the first hour that was about
the gap between the rights that
undocumented workers have and the
ability to enforce those rights to make
sure that they're having them because
it's just like this weird game of
chicken where they're like yeah you have
rights but you know I'll just deport you
I'm not gonna give you your coverage or
like the mask you need to rebuild you
know after hurricane Harvey well I think
that's that's slightly different in that
you know you could you could then you
could imagine you know how a state could
enforce those laws you know policing
sort of hate speech just strikes me as
well well it'll never be happen was that
is that things that we don't consider
hate speech will head-start be
classified as hate speech especially
things that sort of challenge the
illegal eyes action you can't you can't
you can't criminalize security you can't
you can criminalize action you can't
criminalize speech it's a that is I
don't like the slippery slope argument
because it's usually a excuse sort of
not to tackle a problem but yeah but it
is here I mean you could and so if this
law were a loosely written law about
harassment on the street you know then
maybe you get away with it you can't
follow somebody you can't threaten them
and yeah there's and that's and that's a
different thing right I mean yeah like a
direct threat to someone is like what do
you think of these what do you think of
these other rules that they're putting
forward that he mentioned France is also
considering a series of rules that would
make it easier for victims to report
instances of sexual assaults police
great those measures would include
extending to the statute of limitation
on rape of a mine
- thirty years from the current twenty
can't see that being a big societal
change now seems like yeah and and it's
it seems very clear that one of the big
problems with sexual assault is the is
the inability for women to come forward
and report it to some independent
institution outside of whatever like
their employer or you know which again
is not the structures of their own
employment isn't are not built to help
her they're built to protect themselves
right and right if we've seen any
indication that that's true if anyone
doubted that we have seen the the the
unwillingness to report violence sexual
assault all sexual assault is violence
but even particularly violent sexual
assault from people who we would presume
had power yeah actresses in Hollywood
people some of them famous and still
like so imagine if they felt like
they're no good comes of this you know
nothing good comes of this how powerless
people on the streets of the United
States or France would feel so yeah in
general those laws that make sense
there's another one that says victims
could also file initial rape complaints
online and public transit may start
offering an on-demand service which
would let women get off at any point on
their bus routes instead of just
designated stops food for thought
it might make the buses later in France
but like the bus you're driving right
now yeah like the bus I'm driving right
now but you know buses on time and
France doesn't happen if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network calm slash join
