the Grammy nominations have come out and
officially this is the first time since
1999 there are no white men nominated
for album of the year the nominees are
that's what about record of the year
what about saga these are different
they're definitely all about I don't
know that difference I don't know why
that's not nobody the difference is that
they have three awards to give up and so
they give those and I always look it up
every single year I don't understand it
and immediately forget it I think
because record of the year should be
album of the year but record of the year
is song of the year so I don't know what
song I think it's like a production
total thing alright let's go to the
nominees they are awaken my love by
Childish Gambino aka Donald Glover
melodrama by Lorde 444 jay-z damn
Kendrick Lamar and 24 karat magic by
Bruno Mars this hasn't happened since
1999 that there are no white men
nominated if you ask the Washington Post
they say well there are white guys in
the band garbage the last time this
happened so it really has never ever
happened but then again there's like
three white producers on Gambino's how I
used to love garbage
did you big fan so what does this mean
does anyone care that there's what is
this an accomplishment no I don't think
the Grammys certainly I can't imagine
anybody caring Oh people care people
care I care about the Grammys people get
so mad about the Grammys all the time no
I know but I mean I know what is there I
mean like I there's no bigger fan of
white guy
rock music then ah right I just feel
like we're not pulling our weight this
year right well rock and roll is dead
that's the best the big rock and roll is
not dead but it is the times you're
changing that's fine and also there's a
billion artists so some years it's just
you know it's not like you know in 1979
there weren't literally as many bands
there weren't as many you know there's
so many ways to go I think right that
were that were because I don't know how
many where I don't have that in front of
me 1979 are you leading this hour I know
I have a list of people who got snubbed
right level of white so white tours this
is the first time that in 14 years that
there are no country artists in the top
categories so that's a big thing country
also their own thing
yeah that whatever they are CAA CMAs a
bam ba-da bathrooms ed sheeran had the
number two album sales year Lady Gaga's
not white he's pink his pink he's a he
was in a game of thrones he needs no
more laurels
Lady gaga she's a woman Katy Perry all
right so that's really it all the guys
in one direction except Zayn right they
had very successful years this year did
John Cafferty and the beaver Brown Band
do they put out an album the show yeah
yeah actually I do have that in front of
me ah they're they're not tough enough I
couldn't name a single like I don't know
I just rubber the Grammys every year
people get very angry about whoever won
and then I know one remembers like who
actually won Oh last year Beyonce was
snubbed from this category for lemonade
and the idea that jay-z who is her
husband if he weren't aware that she
might win that he might win this year
you know it's a big thing what and
people are wondering what that might
seem you know in all out in 2008 I think
it was Bruce Springsteen wrote the song
The Wrestler for the wrestler and moved
there and Aronofsky movie that Mickey
Rose I love it was great yeah is a
beautiful beautiful song and it didn't
get nominated for an Oscar and they only
have a dated three songs like they're
allowed to nominate five and they didn't
they only nominated three and it wasn't
like wouldn't we what are you people
waiting for like what's the so I'm not
sure that the and there was some long
explanation with the music branch of the
Academy and why that was and they got
wrong but it's hard you know there's a
thousand different artists and it's it's
incredibly competitive yeah
they say that there are no white men but
Lord was nominated and if you watch
South Park that is I think Kyle's dad is
Lord one of them dad's is Lord so that
doesn't recognize Ella Murray Jelani
Yelich O'Connor that Lord that's Lord
Lord's great I I can't I love watching
the Grammys because the performances are
frequently quite good if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm /join
