I'm going to give you guys a statement
about Jordan Chariton of course people
have been legitimately asking about that
issue and we wanted to address it we
wanted to address it much earlier but we
couldn't because we were offering Jordan
ability to take a resignation he has
turned that down and so I'm here to tell
you now that Jordan Charton has been
fired from The Young Turks we conducted
and completed an investigation it was an
internal investigation we could not talk
to a lot of the people involved
including the accusers because they
don't work for us and for a long time we
did not even know who some of them were
truth against the Machine has nothing to
do with the Young Turks that was a side
project that Jordan set up so what we
did in our internal investigation was we
assumed what would happen even in the
best case scenario for Jordan and so I'm
not saying that that was a scenario I
have idea we did not conduct an
investigation as to whether any kind of
sexual assault happened that is for
other authorities to to deal with and
I'm not saying that the best-case
scenario is a correct one for Jordan I'm
not saying anything about that because
we didn't investigate that in our
investigation assuming a best-case
scenario even in that scenario here's
what we found so he ran a side business
and unfortunately use our company to
effectuate that business now truly as
the machine was a thing that I thought
was a little side project with a couple
of volunteers it turns out that we did
not know nor did he communicate to us
the scale of it where they were having
conferences or conventions and and there
were a number of people being paid
through this operation again we have
nothing to do with truth I guess the
Machine and the fact that any of our
resources were used in that regard is
deeply troubling to us then he
unfortunately brought in women that
report into him at whatever that
organization is and and also some TYT
employees into a hotel room and other
instances several other intimate
settings that is clearly unacceptable
that is very poor
management decisions that he made and
clear firing offenses so without going
into what happened or did not happen in
those rooms for a manager to bring in
women into his room and according to his
own admissions not only internally but
in posts that he then put publicly have
sexual relations with them is not
acceptable so if you don't agree with
that and you think hey bosses should be
allowed to sleep with people who work
underneath them and and keep bringing
people into their rooms okay then we're
going to disagree so we offered to allow
him to resign and take a severance and
we gave them all the way to Wednesday
because we were trying to do the right
thing and he has decided not to do that
and in the meanwhile he has attacked
this over and over publicly and so since
he's not resigning I'm telling you right
now that we fired him he has refused to
talk to us he got an attorney and and
he's saying no I don't want to hear it I
want you to tell my attorney and his
attorney has done nothing but threats
since then so I what he didn't tell you
in one of those posts that he put up the
original one was that he said he was
doing radical transparency but he
neglected to mention that the woman that
he was talking about in very intimate
details was someone who reported into
him at truth against the machine that's
a pretty important detail to leave out
and not what I would call radical
transparency
he then misstated that we didn't do an
internal investigation when he wouldn't
even talk to us about that investigation
we reached out to him to have that
conversation and and and he kept
referring us to his lawyer and then of
course he said things like we did it for
corporate reasons I don't know what that
means here's why we did it we did it to
protect the people that work here and
and make sure that we have professional
management in place now look Jordan in
the past has done good work for us he
broke a number of stories that were very
important this does not erase that and
it is actually super-sad that it has
come to
this and I believe in second chances
and so I hope and believe that he can
learn from these what I consider to be
mistakes and I don't want people writing
on all forever again whatever happened
in in those rooms that is for other
people to determine and it is a really
important issue and I'm not saying
anything about that in in this regard so
you know I hope you can learn from it
and I think he can go on and do good
work again but right now obviously we
have to do what is right for the
employees here and everyone else
concerned so I'm not gonna say anything
about anything more about this for now
because he's threatened litigation and
of course lawyers want me to read the
statement that is on a prompter and
carefully crafted and PR machine behind
it and all that no I'm telling you as I
always do I wrote down my notes that I'm
telling you what happened to the best of
my ability and and part of it is I
actually also want to protect Jordans
privacy no matter how public he's been
and no matter what he's done there are
things that that we don't need to talk
about any further because this situation
is resolved and and I wish you it didn't
go down this way but it did so I hope
like I said I'm gonna reiterate it that
he learns from this and and can move
past it and go on to do good work and
good reporting again and and but for now
this is the situation at hand and and we
clearly had to make this decision for
for the purpose of everyone who works
here so I hope you guys understand that
and that's all
