drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below we have a
breaking news story regarding Saudi
Arabia Mike Pompeo has given a press
conference and in that press conference
he specified that the State Department
is considering possible sanctions
against the Saudi officials who were
part of khashoggi 'z death now Saudi
Arabia has changed its story several
times in regard to what happened to
khashoggi first they said that they were
certain that khashoggi left the
consulate in Istanbul later they said
that he was accidentally killed during
interrogations and interrogation that
had gone wrong in the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul but either way because of
increasing pressure toward the White
House and specifically the State
Department Pompeyo said during this
media briefing that the state and
Treasury Department's are looking at the
possibility of sanctions meant to target
those responsible for human rights
violations
now one other bit of evidence that shows
that there's mounting pressure toward
the Trump administration is how Trump
has been reacting to this story today
now first it seemed as though he was
doing anything and everything possible
to help the Saudis cover for this murder
but now he has some relatively strong
words for the Saudis in fact he was
quoted as saying they had a very bad
original concept it was carried out
poorly and the cover-up was the worst in
the history of cover-ups they had the
worst cover-up ever which I love because
the issue here isn't the murder of a
journalist it's that they didn't carry
it out and cover it up well know exactly
that they got caught that's the problem
yeah it's a great point Ken and I have
to confess a I lost track of that I
don't think that he's ever said how
gruesome dismembered is like oh my god I
can't believe they beheaded this guy I
can't believe it cut off his fingers
while he was alive I can't believe they
brought a bone saw he's never said any
of that stuff all he's ever said is like
well joy good could be you know could
maybe they were raw
I hope it's I would love it if it's not
Mohammed bin Salman that's what he said
yesterday now he's saying oh it's a
terrible worst cover-up ever well okay
good I'll take it that a hazing at least
acknowledging it's a terrible cover-up
and then he's not gonna be able to aid
and abet in that cover up because it's
blowing back up in his face
and I hear I got news for politicians in
Washington cuz they apparently they
don't know this no one in this country
like Saudi Arabia and and by the way in
this case I think it's merited I don't
mean just in the case of Khashoggi I
mean in the case of Saturday Arabia not
because the Saudi Arabian people are bad
people of course not they're human
beings just like everybody else but
their government is atrocious has been
consistently atrocious the right wing
doesn't like Saudi Arabia the left wing
doesn't likes happier it's got no fan
base so his Trump was sitting out there
for weeks defending them he was getting
pummeled and his ratings are now
disastrous you know that's of course not
the sole factor but I don't think it
helped him and even the right-wing yeah
they was trying to smear khashoggi it's
the calling him a terrorist sympathizer
and etc but that didn't go over too well
didn't work that was the thing that I
really noticed today because that whole
whisper campaign to essentially slander
khashoggi as this Islamic extremist and
someone who deserved it it didn't work
it didn't catch on and I think it's
because trump's administration and
right-wing propagandists underestimated
how much americans including the right
wing are sick and tired of the Saudi
royals and their antics not just here in
the United States but throughout the
world and what I also found interesting
was the New York Times take on this
because while we emphasize the financial
ties that Trump has with Saudi Arabia
and I always think that Trump thinks
about himself and himself only when it
comes to his decision-making the nur of
time seems to latch on to how Saudi
Arabia is the centerpiece of Donald
Trump's foreign policy right especially
when it comes to combatting Iran so I
think that there's truth to that but I
don't think that that's really the
motivating factor here for Trump I
really think it's the financial ties as
you said they give me 40 50 million
dollars for my apartments
why wouldn't I like them well maybe
because they
had people on a regular basis uh and
again I have never heard a real American
outside of Washington ever say and I
love that government of Saudi Arabia
right right never ever ever and you're
not gonna hear it so and and as they
dismembered someone defending them just
man was not well playing well in Peoria
as they say in politics right so so now
he's saying Oh doubt the worst cover-up
ever can't believe it but again look
give them credit if their head in the
right direction we'll take it
revoking the the visas great and and two
more quick things about it if you
remember of course Fahrenheit 9/11
Michael Moore's movie I think that
resonated with people they're not just
liberals the fact that we whisk the
Saudi royals in the bin Laden family etc
out of the country to protect them after
they had attacked us on 9/11 and again I
don't know those particular folks that
were in Texas and other places in the
country had personally attacked us but
fifteen out of the nineteen hijackers
were Saudis and at a bare minimum we
could have done some vetting or you know
extreme vetting as Trump would say but
hey I'll take any kind of vetting
questioning instead of questioning them
we're like oh you're a bin Laden great
let's get you out of the country so with
that history as the background here not
getting tough on the Saudis was a
disastrous political situation for a
Trump and so finally I think the most
important part of this is how does this
end so now there is an I already pointed
out they tried four different excuses
not a move have worked is there a point
at which the King Salman starts to
reconsider whether you should have Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman running
everything cuz by the way he's not
supposed to in in the Saudi monarchy it
does not go from father to son
it goes brother to brother to brother
and then he was supposed to go back to
the son of the first brother this bin
Salman actually kidnapped the other
Royals that might be competition and
some reports was that he torched some
people and now a lot more credible given
what he's done before at this point and
and threatened them and kind of seized
power
is it possible that his dad would then
take it away from him I don't know the
mental health of his dad and etc but the
one way that the Saudis could actually
resolve it is say he's not the crown
prince anymore now no one has suggested
that but they really should he's not
even supposed to be the leader of
Saturday I mean this is some game of
Thrones stuff right especially
considering what he did to his own
uncles I mean and and who's to say he
wouldn't do that to his own father I
mean he kidnapped the leader of Lebanon
this guy will stop at nothing so I don't
know we don't know how it's gonna end we
can only speculate but he's a scary guy
and you know it's amazing the things
that he did behind the scenes while he
had this facade of progressivism because
he allowed women to drive you know oh
he's a reformist no he's not he's
actually a lot worse when it comes to
you know some of the major things
including the brutality that he'll do
just to remain in power and boy did that
false impression blow up in Washington's
face all the people carrying water for
him like Thomas Friedman in New York
Times saying here comes the Saudi Arab
Spring now they have to deal with all
this yeah they're in perpetual quest for
Arab dictator that we can control and so
you know it would be great to have
reformed leaders and and looked yeah I
want to reform leaders all over the
Middle East as much as Thomas Friedman
does but this like oh it's this dictator
that's gonna work for us or this CIA
puppet it's gonna work for us it hasn't
and and it's inauthentic this he has no
support from the people and in the
middle of now Saudi Arabia has a cash
crunch too that's why they're trying to
get investment here they're about to do
this big summit oops he totally screwed
that up totally incompetent and now
everybody bailed out of that conference
he even including the Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin who had hung in there for
a long time now he's not gonna go and in
the middle of that economic chaos he
bought himself a half a billion dollar
yacht that's that's who bin Salman is
and and he was fetid by the Washington
elite when
came here including the media
unfortunately as as Yemen is being
starved to death at the same time and
that also is contributing greatly to the
you know economic problems that they're
having in Saudi Arabia the disjunct is
just it's like almost Dickensian you
know the extraordinary wealth of this
individual and what he's doing to the
poorest country in the region and and
that did not move the American media the
wholesale slaughter and an N starvation
in Yemen but one of their own being
dismembered that moved like what you see
click this subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from The Young Turks
