nine Democrats in Congress are joining a
GOP effort to deregulate the banks now
as we know the GOP has been pretty
aggressive in trying to scale back
dodd-frank which was a pretty mediocre
regulatory effort by Democrats under the
Obama administration and of course it
followed the economic meltdown back in
2008 but now some Democrats are saying
no no I mean maybe we want to make it a
little easier for these banks to give
out some loans and these questionable
mortgages that led to the economic
meltdown in 2008 so let me give you the
details Politico reports that nine
Democrats enough needed to pass the bill
with Republicans in the months to come
are co-sponsoring the package which
would scale back rules for many banks
the legislation was negotiated by Senate
Chairman Mike Crapo or crap oh crap oh
sounds right though with a group of red
state Democrats who have been working
for years to ease regulations they say
are stifling lending oh those poor banks
every night lend you all the money it's
just that we're stifling him this is oh
this is so bad and I look I I keep I pay
a lot of attention the housing market
and subprime mortgages subprime
mortgages are already a problem okay
this is going to lead to subprime
mortgages on steroids let me give you a
few more details on this proposal the
new negotiations were driven by
Democrats who are up for re-election in
states that Trump carried in last year's
election so these are people who are
concerned that they won't get reelected
because these are Trump loving states
Heidi Heitkamp is an example from North
Dakota John tester of Montana and Joe
Donnelly so Virginia's mark Warner also
participated in these negotiations the
most controversial elements of this
proposal would lift regulations for
several banks with more than 50 billion
in assets a threshold that subjects
lenders to stricter government oversight
on under dodd-frank so the idea here was
if a bank is you know too big to fail
well we need to keep a closer eye on
them so we don't have the same scenario
that
in 2008 we don't want to have to keep
bailing these big banks out so as a
result if it's a bigger bank that has
more in assets they have to abide by
stricter regulations they want to
increase the cap from 50 billion dollars
to 250 billion dollars so it would
essentially allow more of these banks to
get by without having to deal with the
stringent regulations
okay so Crapo and moderate democrats
agreed to move the threshold to 250
billion dollars over a phase-in period a
change that could help several large
banks across the country
okay so let's clarify a bunch of things
so number one to be fair the one thing
it does not apply is to banks above 250
billion dollars in assets so those are
the the mega banks like JPMorgan and
Bank of America it does not apply to
them but banks and credit card companies
etc between 50 and 250 billion is are
still gigantic and that's not the only
thing that this proposal does because
it's that's a very important part of it
but the other part is there's a
provision in there that would scale back
the frequency of the bank stress test
now the stress has lets you know are all
the banks including the big the biggest
banks are they taking too many risks so
now here the legislators say yeah do we
really have to check that they're taking
too much risk now remember they're
allowed to gamble with your depositor
money before when we had glass-steagall
which was imposed in the Roosevelt era
and taken away by Republicans and Bill
Clinton you you could not gamble with
depositor money that was separate from
your investment bank now the investment
bank side of the bank can go oh well
thank you very much for depositing that
I'd like to use that to gamble on
derivatives and they're allowed to do
that so you need the stress test at a
bare minimum to check in to see if
they're taking too much risk and now
Republicans and corporate Democrats have
decided do we really need those stress
tests no this is a disaster because
think about it when you invest your
money with a bank or deposit your money
with a bank you do so understanding
at a certain amount up to a certain
amount is fdic-insured meaning that the
government ensures that if something
goes terribly wrong the government will
will step in and make sure that you get
some portion of that money back back now
right now I think the number is $250,000
right so the reason why I mention that
is because who do you think is going to
be on the line when banks do too many
risky things and then they're about to
go under it's the taxpayers what do you
think the government gets that money to
ensure your investments in these banks
so this is setting up another financial
collapse this is setting up another big
bailout it's a complete and utter
disaster and look to me the relevant
part about this is the fact that you
have nine Democrats who are like yeah
this sounds great this sounds like
something we definitely want to do and
it Democrats don't understand why people
are leaving the party why people don't
like them don't trust them don't
consider them the party that looks out
for the little guy anymore it's because
of BS like this that goes on so let me
have both sides because they wholly
deserve it so the Republicans will go
around say oh now if we just had more
freedom at the bank level they could do
innovations what the innovations are
what I'm saying out of in the first
place
innovation doesn't help you the
innovation is what other crazy
derivative can I come up with to gamble
with your money so it's it's
preposterous and the almost every
Republican at the national level is Pro
banks and pro bailouts they'll protect
oh no I'm not for a bailout no really
what is as an opponent what's the FDIC
if there's if there's a banking collapse
the government will protect your money
up to $250,000
that's a bailout yes it bails you out
but it allows the the banks to gamble
with that money because they know that
it is government insured so that's
preposterous and the Republicans note
that's not capitalism that's not freedom
that's not any of the cute little
catchphrases that they use and they know
it and so when they deregulate the banks
they say go ahead
you can't bowl with other people's money
we got your back not to the Democrats so
they use these these nine corporatist
Democrats use a
use that there mainly in red states of
Trump one wait a minute wait a minute
you think it's a populist position just
to be pro giant banks that use all well
the Donald Trump ran to say all the
global financial interests are screwing
you over that's how we wonder like an
and now you think the way to win in red
states is the same that global financial
interests are awesome how many ads the
Trump run against that how many times
did he show Lorde blank line how many
times did he say Hillary makes speeches
to Goldman Sachs and Ted Cruz's bought
by Goldman Sachs now his cabinet is
littered with Goldman Sachs and he was a
goddamn liar okay but that's how he won
the election by saying that he's against
the bank's he said he would take away
tax loopholes for the hedge fund guys he
didn't do any but but that's how he won
so Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Donnelly and
Mark Warner who was in a state that
Hillary Clinton won anyway and has no
excuses don't pretend you're doing it
for four reasons of appealing to voters
you're doing it to appeal to donors
you're all bought and you're all corrupt
if you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
