our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt tommy Lehren a
Fox News contributor was on Fox News
discussing the sexual assault
allegations against Fred Kavanaugh and
she said pretty much what you would
expect her to say but probably worse
take a look I live in Los Angeles that's
kind of the birthplace of this whole me
to movement
it started out and what I believe is a
great thing which was bringing women out
that had actually been assaulted that
we're coming out and saying this
happened to me we've been quiet for too
long and then it turned ugly then it
turned to this it turned into I can make
some politically convenient allegations
I can ruin someone's life I can ruin
someone's family and we can do it all
the name of the me2 movement but really
it's democrat driven it's Hollywood
driven and I think the American people
are really sick and tired of it okay so
she thought hey me too is a great
movement she loves mentioning that she
lives in Los Angeles I wish she didn't
you know you love living in red states
know you so please move back but anyway
that's beside the point
and then she says it turned ugly it only
turned ugly though when it became a
political liability for the Republican
Party that's what it became problematic
and by the way you know what if you're
worried about it turning ugly and being
used to smear people the FBI should
investigate these allegations and clear
Bret Cavanaugh's name don't you want
that Tommy Lehren so I guess this her
way of saying I liked it when it was
about Harvey Weinstein who was a
Democratic donor it started in LA clear
reference to Harvey Weinstein we should
just end it there when it was nice and
political for us now we find out all
these Republicans have been doing it
Bill O'Reilly Roger Ailes Roy Moore
potentially Kavanagh and this is proven
inconvenient for us so all of a sudden
she's not as much into female
empowerment or protection and so who
actually made it political
it was the alt-right that went after
James Gunn the director of guardians of
the galaxy and they bragged about it
they said yeah we used the me to
movement to try to get him because we
don't like what he was saying on Twitter
about Trump
they said it so they weaponized the me2
movement and they brag about it Roger
stone bragged about going after Al
Franken before a conservative talk show
host came out against Al Franken and so
and you can go back further and further
Sam cedar good example they try to
weaponize a joke where he was going
after a pedophile attacking a pedophile
and pretended that somehow he was for
the pedophile in a thing that made no
sense whatsoever because they wanted a
target Sam now do you know how little
they have to have on someone to only
find one tweet and one that doesn't
that's it in fact on the opposite side
and you have to try to twist it and
you're talking about politicizing the
me2 movement that's what the right-wing
tried to do immediately immediately and
repeatedly so just please spare me your
fake outrage aren't people are you saw
stood with her and maybe there's a
possibility that yes there are cases
where it was clearly politicized and
there was mal-intent but there's also a
possibility that for the first time ever
women feel comfortable coming out with
their accusations against people in
positions of power whether they be
millionaire actors and actresses mostly
actors obviously but you know there have
been some actresses that have been
mentioned as well or whether they're
politicians and positions of power and
there have been Democrats and there have
been Republicans but if you thought that
was worse you haven't seen anything yet
let's hear a little more from Tommy
Lehren I personally choose to always
believe the women in this circuit can
you say that just because we're women we
should always be believed you don't
think that women are capable of lying
you don't think women are capable of
scheming I mean you work for Hillary
Clinton so I'm guessing you know that
but Wow do you think we should just take
woman's word as gospel that's it that's
infuriating to me as a woman because I
don't look at other women and say I'm
just gonna believe you because we have
the same biological making so I don't
think you should believe someone
because they're a woman however I think
that you should take it by case-by-case
basis what are the accusations
what is the corroborating evidence and
is the other side willing to do an
investigation Republicans in the Senate
will not allow the FBI to conduct a more
thorough background check why is that so
if you're concerned about that you don't
want to just believe someone but the
other side of that is to just not
believe them right I don't believe her
or I do believe her but based on what
why don't we get some more evidence and
then get to the heart of the truth they
don't want that
and they never discuss that that's the
funny thing all these pundits all these
people on the right they never discuss
the fact that Republicans don't want to
investigate they don't want to look into
the facts of the story at all they don't
want to figure out whether or not these
accusations are true and the right-wing
purposely twists what people on the left
are saying to their advantage now I
believe that some people do
categorically say I believe the women no
matter what but I think that is a tiny
minority I think that what they're
mainly saying is for so long society as
a default has not believed what exactly
and so they want to reverse that and say
as a default we should respect the
stories that they're coming out with and
their courage etc that doesn't mean that
we should go into a court of law ago
okay that's a woman that said she's
obviously writing the guy is wrong let's
move on with our lives we don't need the
trial no one is saying that okay and so
here we have said a thousand times for
God's sake do a more thorough
investigation because if Cavanaugh
didn't do it then you've destroyed this
guy's reputation unfairly if he did do
it he shouldn't be on the Supreme Court
that is the actual position that people
hold and it's the same thing they do
with black lives matter oh they're
saying that no other lives matter no
they're not they never said that they
never said that
what they're saying is black lives have
not mattered in the past the law
enforcement unfortunately for the people
in power in this country and all they're
asking for is for black lives to matter
just like any other life matters but
that's what Tommy Lauren's in the
business of doing is twisting people's
words and attacking them
being paid to be she's being paid to do
it I mean that's that's her whole thing
and and it's worked out well for her and
good for her but just understand what
you're doing Tommy because you are
spreading this message that hey you know
what if these sexual assault allegations
come out your first reaction should be
mm no I don't think I really believe
them and I don't think that you'd want
to be treated that way if you had
allegations like this against someone in
a position of power you know and you're
spreading this this virus that's been
around for a long time but you're
helping to perpetuate it that women are
liars they're Liars when they come
forward I mean they're willing to come
forward and be dragged through the mud
and smeared non-stop for what for what
what is dr. Blasi Ford getting out of
this what Debra Ramirez getting out of
this what's the third accuser sweating
it getting out of this yeah and and
finally she ironically says this on Fox
News where many other female hosts also
attacked feminism for year after year
decade after decade and then came to
find out that they needed feminism to
protect them from the people who worked
at Fox News yeah all of a sudden
feminism was real important when they
were getting sexually assaulted by the
executives and some of the hosts there
and then all of a sudden they wanted
their legal rights and which I don't
begrudge them and I'm very glad they
came forward we support them but we
supported women either way and
throughout that and it doesn't mean that
when you go to court you have to be
believed immediately it means that you
at least have to respect a woman coming
forward and not automatically assume
that she's lying
if anyone should have learned that
lesson it's women at Fox News the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TRT content
at TYT com slash app
