Doug Jones is running yesterday more and
he has hit him pretty hard with an ad
here which I am 1000% in favor of I'm
afraid that Roy Moore is gonna win this
seat I'll tell you why in a second Roy
Moore of course is a Monstress
Republican candidate look even before we
found out that he was a child molester
we already knew that he doesn't believe
in the US Constitution over and over
again when given an opportunity defend
the Constitution when he was on the
Alabama Supreme Court said no no my
particular religious views are more
important in the Constitution I don't
care and I'm not going to abide by the
US laws
that's very Taliban of him so if he
happens to be an evangelical Christian
if he was a Muslim he'd like Sharia law
is way more important in the
Constitution it's the same exact
philosophy he already said that he
doesn't he doesn't think that Muslims
should be allowed into Congress the guy
believes there should be a religious
test for office it says in the
Constitution there shall be no religious
test for office it what Roy Moore
doesn't believe in America let alone the
fact that he's a child molester
so Doug Jones can't hit him hard enough
so and and again I'll get back to why I
think Moore is in actually good shape
unfortunately in this race but as like
this maybe begin to turn it around so
let's watch on Roy Moore's disturbing
actions Ivanka Trump says there's a
special place in hell for people who
prey on children and I have no reason to
doubt the victims accounts Jeff session
says I have no reason to doubt these
young women and Richard Shelby says he
will absolutely not vote for Roy more
conservative voices putting children and
women over party doing what's right
those were the pictures of the girls
when he accosted them to be fair Roy
Moore says that he asked the permission
of some of the 16 year-olds parents and
then took them out on beats and made out
with them when he was in his mid-30s on
the 14 year old he didn't ask permission
he tricked the mom saying that hey it's
okay I'm a district attorney I don't
want your daughter to have to sit
through these painful custody hearings
don't worry trust me I'll take care of
her now the Republicans want to cry
about an ad where you show the reality
of what he did and what other
Republicans are saying about him oh go
ahead cry all day long Doug Jones should
run that ad over and over again and and
more did you see the pictures of those
girls at the age when he went after them
and so many of his defenders in Alabama
and other conservative radio and
television they say oh they look like 20
year olds some of those girls did not
look anywhere near 20 they look like
young little girls he was banned from a
mall because he was the local pervert
that would keep hitting on young girls
when he was in his 30s
you can't hit him hard enough now why
might he win because elections
unfortunately are about who and maybe
fortunately a about who's more excited
and who cares more enough to show up who
cares more than the other side right so
that's a good thing overall but in the
case of Republican voters in Alabama I
get the sense that they are animated to
go out there and defend their guy they
don't give it care what he did Democrats
care you know you got some Democrats
accused of wrongdoing and Democrats are
deeply disturbed by it a lot of the
Republican voters think the exact
obviously not only are they not
disturbed oh it's the mainstream media
that are that's against them it's the
elites that are against them
it's the Liberals that are against them
I'm gonna go for me to go home for the
child molester by the way I'm not doing
that and I'm putting on you we're gonna
find out the election December 12th
we're gonna find out how many Alabama
don't care or are happy about a guy who
molested those young girls but my guess
is a lot of them enough to win so be so
if dojos sits on his laurels and thinks
oh it's okay a bad tape came out or
revelations came out about a lo some
Republican how'd that turn out for
Hillary Clinton no from this day to that
day you must attack attack attack
so this ad should be the beginning not
the end and they should pound Roy Moore
into oblivion which is where he deserves
to be otherwise unfortunately he will
win so if you are progressive a democrat
a moderate sane decent in Alabama you
too should get excited and you need to
vote if you don't the other guys will
win TYT membership gets your
commercial-free young turks downloaded
stream it podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm slash join
