a Canadian mother has been sentenced to
three years in prison after her
seven-year-old son died of strep throat
because she didn't take him to the
doctor
Tamra Lovitz 48 years old of Calgary was
convicted in January of criminal
negligence causing death of her son Ryan
Lovett according to reports Ryan
suffered terribly from his from this
inaction justice Christine Ides Vick
said he died in excruciatingly
unnecessary death
Ryan was bedridden at home for 10 days
in March 2013 during that time Lovett
gave him dandelion tea and oil of
oregano to treat his infection something
that's sort of interesting about this
case just legally is that the defense
lawyer Alan Heppner who had argued the
case should be dismissed because it took
too long from the time love it was
arrested until her conviction in January
the Supreme Court of Canada set out a 30
month time frame for Superior Court
cases to go to trial in what has become
known as the Jordon decision the High
Court however has allowed some
flexibility for cases in which charges
were laid before its order in July 2016
Lovitz case took 38 months to prosecute
that's sort of a footnote because the
core of the story is that this this
mother was not getting her son the
treatment that he so desperately needed
and when you go into the details of what
an untreated strep throat looks like
it's in Creek it's a tragic way to for
anyone to pass but especially for a
seven-year-old boy so I'm curious Leigh
whether you guys think he should go to
jail so first let me say that I got a
seven-year-old son and as I read about
how he was dying
Oh God it is beyond heartbreaking he had
swollen lymph nodes losing ears and
jaundiced eyes at the time of his death
and the infection led to organ failure
Oh God please please get your kids
actual medical treatment if someone
tells you oh you sprinkle fairy dust on
it and in you know and whatever in
Saints to oldest shamans used to
sprinkle oregano on it I don't care what
the shamans dead get the kid to a
hospital so on the one hand I am enraged
that she did not get him to a hospital
and the poor kid died crushing in as I
read the story on the other hand
do we think she meant it I mean I and
and the judge says that she's the the
mother is clearly incredibly remorseful
and heartbroken over it her son died I
don't know can we say that that's
punishment enough
or no I and I don't have the answer here
what do you guys think so negligence
right is different right there is
there's an act and there's an intent but
if there's certain cases where you're
you know negligent and that carries with
it some kind of negative consequence
legally I totally hear you on the like
you know what we should do with my kids
sick take him to not a doctor
like that is what she said you know we
should use the medicine that was
available a thousand years ago if you
did that with anything else you'd sound
crazy like I need to be at the meeting
so I'm gonna get there the way they did
a thousand years ago it's in New York
I'll see you in five months like like
just yeah like oh well the caveman ate
dirt yes they also died at the age of 13
yes right so don't don't listen that
course crap believe in science and and
doctors but I think if he I mean when
you're sentencing the person and you
look and you see that they are complete
you hear a statement of remorse if she
is wrecked what she seems to because her
son died
nothing presenting her to prison doesn't
bring her son back I'm not I'm not an
expert in sentencing but three years is
a long time to think about her son in
prison and I still think if she doesn't
go to prison she's gonna be thinking
about her son for the rest of her life
yeah and it also sort of brings up
questions like okay she liable to be a
repeat offender and III wonder we don't
have that information if there are other
you know children or something like that
but then it then that it also brings up
the question like wall I would think she
has obviously learned her lesson from
this that this wouldn't happen again and
the judge herself acknowledges that she
believes that her remorse is genuine
it's a really complicated conversation
about ethics and like do you put like
three years behind bars but then also I
mean you sort you do want the gravity of
what took place and the
then of course it is you see that I'm
how these comes you go back and forth
you want there to be a punishment
because that that boy was absolutely you
know punished in his last ten days of
life I mean I can't think of you know a
worse way to go but then pub imagine the
the guilt that everyone believes is
genuine you say yeah it's a such a
selfish thing it for her activity like
she was like holding true to these
tenets or maybe she just was like you
know what I'm just gonna read and she
watches her kids suffer to death the
things were happening up until his death
and she still was like you know what I'd
rather use the oregano tea and you're
dealing with when I say things like well
if she shows remorse it seems like she's
being rational but these things don't
seem rational leading up to it I know
jaundiced eyes I mean I it does bring up
the years question of like at what point
do you just say alright this tea isn't
working you know there's sort of but you
know so yeah look she was horribly
horribly irresponsible and and her
stupid theories yeah I get what you're
saying about being selfish my stupid
theories are gonna prove to be true and
I'm gonna test it on my seven-year-old I
couldn't be more upset about the
situation and look part of our job is to
talk about these stories and hence we
you know we in some ways judge them and
yeah you know and I feel terrible about
it but but this is the conversations
that I hope helps get us to a better
place so that someone watching this
thinks oh if my kids got jaundiced eyes
I need to get him to a doctor
right so now having said all that I
think where I come out on and of course
we're not legal experts and you have to
be in actual courtroom to make this
decision etc but from a from an
outsider's perspective I think I would
have gone for a suspended sent a
sentence that is suspended so she
doesn't go to jail but if she I mean if
her kid then you know any I don't know
if she's got other kids but if they so
much as sneeze and she doesn't take him
and or a doctor then we're gonna have a
different conversation if you like this
the young turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
streaming to watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm / join
