a really fun and interesting story out
of BuzzFeed it is about National
Security Adviser HR McMaster now he's
calling Donald Trump names behind his
back apparently which I love these are
what some of my favorite stories but
wait because there's a twist
near the end of this story there might
be a reason why this is in the news in
the first place and it is to torpedo
McMaster so find out how they might be
doing that and why so I'll get to that
in a second first let me tell you what
it is
so McMaster apparently mocked president
Trump's intelligence at a private dinner
with a powerful tech CEO according to
five sources with knowledge of the
conversation okay
so what did he say the top national
security official dismissed the
president variously as quote an idiot
and quote a dope with the intelligence
of a quote kindergartner the sources
said now I find this to be the least
surprising thing in the world if
McMaster didn't even say it I'm sure he
thought it now they have a v source they
actually have a sixth source that you'll
hear about in a second but I'll tell you
about where why those sources might be
leaking this at this point but is Donald
Trump a dope of course he is there's
everybody who work with them know that
they know it better than we do that's
why they told bob Corker the senator
from tennessee hey go warn people
we got a babysit this guy he is
dangerous and unstable and of course as
everybody knows Rex Tillerson apparently
also his own Secretary of State behind
the scenes called him a moron anyone
that could turn on television or Twitter
can see that with their own eyes and
hear with their hear it with their own
ears
you don't need McMaster to tell you that
but if you work with them trust me that
you would get a lot more frustrated
because the more I found out about him
during the campaign the more I was
telling you his number-one problem is
actually incompetence the man is a
buffoon of the highest order you don't
need to spend that much time to know
that but if you do if you're forced to
spend a lot of time with him like
McMaster is it is unsurprising that you
would come to that conclusion
now nonetheless the spokesperson for the
National Security Council Michael and
town says no
quote those false comments represent the
diametric opposite of gentle McMasters
actual views really the diametric
opposite
he thinks Trump is a genius and a
mastermind okay
I doubt a sixth source who was not
familiar with the details of the dinner
told BuzzFeed news that McMaster had
made similar derogatory comments about
Trump's intelligence to him in private
including that the president lacked the
necessary brainpower to understand the
matters before the National Security
Council again these are not shocking
allegations unless you're in the Trump
cult you could see very clearly that he
is not a very bright guy to say the
least
okay I mean look even if you think Trump
know he's a big businessman he inherited
all his money and he went bankrupt six
times he's a total loser but even if you
look at that and go no I didn't know the
bankruptcy isn't he I don't know he
looks rich I'm fine right well why why
would he then admit on national TV that
he fired James Comey the head of the FBI
because he was looking into a Russian
investigation of Trump who would be that
stupid to admit that against their own
self-interest
there's no three-dimensional chess
there's barely two-dimensional checkers
going on with Trump okay more from
BuzzFeed indeed three of those sources
said that McMaster disparaged multiple
members of the administration two cats
that's the CEO from Oracle that he was
talking to including Tillerson Secretary
of Defense James Madison House chief
strategist Steve Bannon and presidents
Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser
Jared Kushner of Kushner one source told
BuzzFeed news McMaster said he had no
business being in the White House and
should not be involved in national
security issues well that also is
undeniably true but Kushner's
incompetence is overpowered by Donald
Trump's incompetence neither one of them
should be in the White House but now
here comes the twist and this is very
interesting so the person that they were
talking to or McMaster was talking to
there is is oracle CEO Safra Catz okay
and and we're gonna get to everybody's
motivations here but an unnamed source
said that cats
said the conversation was so
inappropriate that it was jaw-dropping
now the top lobbyist for Oracle says no
no no this conversation didn't happen
but no matter what the top lobbyist for
Oracle would say that but is Katz
throwing mcmaster under the bus here by
revealing this publicly it might be her
or it might be someone else at Oracle
so let's find out when all the service
in the first place news of the July
dinner first surfaced in August when
Axios reported that Republican mega
donor Sheldon Adelson decided to support
a campaign alleging that McMaster was
anti-israel after speaking with Cass
about her meeting with the National
Security Adviser that decision stemmed
multiple sources tell BuzzFeed news from
comments McMaster made to Katz praising
President Obama's nuclear deal with Iran
and describing Israeli settlements in
Palestinian territory as a major problem
so Joseph Bernstein who wrote the story
for BuzzFeed news reporting that well
you should also keep in mind that their
real problem with McMaster is not that
he thinks that President Trump is a dope
but that he thinks the settlements are a
major problem and the Iran deal was a
good one
you know why cuz the Iran deal was an
excellent deal they no longer have
uranium cannot develop or develop it for
nuclear weapons so but Sheldon Adelson
is a massive right winger on the issue
of Israel and so anyone who says the
settlements are not animals are a
problem are not his guy so McMaster must
be removed this is some serious
skullduggery so behind the scenes
Adelson a major massive donor to the
Republican Party apparently trying to
pick off cabinet members based on what
their views are of settlements in a
different country gee I wonder if money
in politics is a problem where guys like
Alison are allowed to give tens of
millions of dollars in what are
obviously legalized bribes and then they
go order people around and say no no I
don't like that cabinet remember
the other one you allow private
financing of Elections you get people
serving private interests so and if they
can't get their way no no they got to
find a different way to take out a guy
like McMaster who has an opinion not
about this country but about a different
country that they don't like they don't
like his opinion about a different
country okay
McMaster and now this is me tight we go
to Lawrence bunk who's reporting on this
notes that a lot of folks raise their
eyebrows about this story Bernstein says
look III know we talked about it
internally as to why this store was
being leaked months later but he
believes that his sources are accurate
but anyway media reports McMaster booted
National Security Council official
ezarik Owen watt Nick in August as part
of his purge of the council in which he
fired many ban and loyalists guess where
Cohen Watkyn works now or wat Nick
Oracle the same software company whose
CEO met with McMaster for the dinner in
which he is alleged to have gone off on
Trump so guy gets fired by McMaster for
being indecent I mean these people are
working it work oh I thought Oracle was
a good company you have these I mean I
don't know anything about cats but Ezra
: watt Nick is a lunatic so he got fired
for being a lunatic from the Trump
administration that's how crazy he is so
he gets fired in Oracle's like oh great
a total incompetent buffoon with wild
insane conspiracy theories come on over
Oracle then an Oracle all of a sudden
there's all these sources saying how do
you know what McMaster said about Trump
Oh McMaster can't be trusted he thinks
that President Trump is not bright hmm
but behind the scenes is the original
report as Bernstein unveiled at BuzzFeed
news their real concern with him is hmm
the settlements Adelson and some of the
other guys what apparently really like
the settlements
oh hey we've occupied these people for
decades and decades I've never given
them freedom yay let's make sure we keep
that policy up by the way they do not
represent all of Israel
and they do not represent Jewish
Americans that is their own opinion and
they are right-wingers there are many
great people on the left and the and and
moderates who don't agree who believe
there should be a two-state solution and
who don't believe that you should try to
destroy people's career if you disagree
so at least now you know what the real
game is and what's at hand here so by
the way McMaster is a right winger I got
no love for McMaster but this is not the
reason to try to remove him from the
Trump administration and this is some
really really dirty politics as usual
from Sheldon Adelson we're all supposed
to have one vote
yeah we both get one vote except Adelson
is to put in ten twenty fifty million
dollars into politicians pockets and
then tell them what to do about foreign
policy it's sick it's gross on its face
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
