Roy Moore has been accused of
inappropriately touching to say the
least many girls under the age of 18
there um some 16 to 18 year olds he has
admitted dating and says he likes
beautiful young girls he does not admit
that he sexually assaulted a 14 year old
when he drove her into the woods into
his house and took off almost all her
clothes took off all his clothes etc
okay and tried to get her to touch his
Jenna naked genitalia he does not admit
that the he took a 16 year old in his
car and drove around to the back of the
parking lot and tried to rape her now
those are stories that have come out and
they have there and they're very
credible they're so credible that even
Republican leadership has turned on Roy
Moore and said that even if he wins him
he maybe should not be seated Mitch
McConnell the leader of the Republicans
in the Senate says that he believes the
women he left a 16 year old on the cold
pavement half naked after he had tried
to take her clothes off and and she
fought back and he pushed her out of the
car
that's who Roy Moore is by the way she
has evidence of his signing her yearbook
before that incident is talking about
what a cute little girl that she is he's
in his 30s at the time but nope some
conservatives think not only do they not
believe the women but that even if they
did believe the woman what's the big
deal okay you think it's an exaggeration
listen them for yourself here's Wayne
Allyn root a despicable right wing talk
shows and by the way let's even throw
the idea out there that is true that 39
years ago Roy Moore was a 32 year old
district attorney handsome and
swashbuckling and he was hitting on some
young girls who were pretty I saw the
pictures they were beautiful young girls
and they could have passed for 20 he was
a swashbuckling handsome how do you even
know how handsome he was or how
swashbuckling but that's you know that's
the thing that's what these guys they
think hey you want to hit on a
fourteen-year-old now that's
wrong yes it's wrong and I saw the
picture he's afraid I don't want to keep
showing a picture of a 14 year old girl
but you know what she looks like
14 it's a picture with her mom she looks
like a young girl that doesn't look
anywhere near 20 I'll give you more
details this is from Brad Reid at Ross
story he said in reality one of Moore's
accusers says that he tried to force her
to touch his generalism when she was 14
years old so it's not a thing about
Wayne Allyn root said oh he's just
kissing them what's the big deal no he
did way worse than that he then said
additionally Moore knew that at least
some of the woman he was pursuing were
still teenagers because he sought some
of their parents permission to date
their daughters Oh I mean how could have
been 20 I mean he asked permission from
the 16 year olds mom if this pervert can
date this 32 year old guy could date the
16 year old and try to have sex with her
so bah but could have been 20 no more
knew she wasn't 20 in that case root
went on to claim that while Moore may
have indeed made sexual advances towards
teenagers he at least wasn't a
homosexual like Hillary Clinton or
former President Barack Obama these
people are lunatics and dangerous ones
because if Wayne Allyn root thinks it's
no big deal for a man in his 30s to try
to make out with a 14 year old and then
do far worse well he's also very
dangerous but we're not done yet
we now go to pastors evangelical pastors
now these are men of the cloth I mean
these are men who are really religious
and hence moral right so the Boston
Globe did a good job they want to ask
them so they interviewed nearly ten
evangelical pastors all of whom said the
allegations did not change their support
for the candidate of course not one of
the guys was pastor Earle wise he said I
don't know how much these women are
getting paid but I can only believe
they're getting a healthy sum so no
never believe the women it's not to say
that all women are will by definition
right but
here you have the almost entire
Republican leadership saying that they
are right
you've got untold number of witnesses
including at the time when we come out
of this situation reported to their
boyfriends to their loved ones from all
the way back then when they had no idea
the Roy Moore would ever run for the
Senate or have any important political
position and they had told people back
then but no no no earl wise an
evangelical pastor says no I don't
believe them they're all getting paid
for it
but he gets worse he says there ought to
be a statute of limitations on this
stuff how these gals came up with this I
don't know they must have had some sweet
dreams somewhere down the line I'm
pretty sure the sixteen-year-old who
said that Roy Moore tried to rape her
and in in his car and tore her clothes
off and tried to force her head down
onto his genitals did not have sweet
dreams about it
these men are disgusting and saying like
oh come on why is there a statute of
limitations on child molestation by the
way there's a statute of limitations on
almost all other crimes an alibi in
Alabama but not on child molestation and
here's an evangelical pastor saying oh
now you molest a fourteen-year-old and
you can't get away with it
if they find out later huh there's got
to be a limit on that but he's not done
he says plus there are some 14 year-olds
who the way they look could pass for 20
in other words here's these pastors who
keep looking at 14 year olds thinking
about how attractive they look like as
attractive as they think 20 year olds
apparently look ten evangelical pastors
all of them said nope don't care about
kids
whatever women are probably liars
they're probably doing it for the money
and even if they're not in the case of
Earl Weis it's just so wide I mean some
40 year olds look hot now I don't want
you to get the wrong idea that this is
all Christians or all Christian Lee just
absolutely not a group of nearly sixty
progressive pastors has denounced the
Roy
more calling him extremist and unfit for
office now those are progressive pastors
evangelical pastors on the other hand
supporting Roy Moore well now you know
what you're getting with them and I
wouldn't put any kids in any of their
churches and I wouldn't trust them if
your kids life's depended on it and but
they seem to think I don't care if
you're in my tribe morality was always a
punchline apparently for them they never
ever cared it was all a front for
tribalism if you're in my tribe I
protect you even if you've done
something terrible to other people in it
even in our own tribe but that's okay
they had it coming they were cute 14
year olds why do they stick with Roy
Moore he's against the other tribes
he hates the same people I hate for
conservative evangelical pastors that
are backing Roy Moore today that is
apparently what they mean by Family
Values I hate the same people is Roy
Moore Wow what values at least thank you
for making it clear help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
