CNN was doing a focus group as they'd
like to do from time to time of Donald
Trump voters and boy they're an
interesting lot as you're about to see
but particularly we want to talk about
Mark Lee here he is he's a Jamaican man
apparently according to his own words so
he's now of course lives in America and
is a citizen and voted for Trump and
he's a business owner and and does he
still support Trump
oh yes beyond your wildest imaginations
he's about to say something unbelievable
that even the rest of the panel finds
unbelievable but I think unfortunately
is indicative of a lot of the followers
of Donald Trump and what I would call
the cult of Donald Trump first let's
start off nice and easy before he gets
to the even more outrageous stuff but
first swap I thought you were against
the swamp Allison Cameron again doing a
great job here at CNN asking whoa if
you've got all these people who were
powerful elites that are now for example
and she did get into this level of
detail but rewriting the tax code to
their own benefit I thought you guys
were against the swamp so let's see how
that conversation goes the swamp is
horrible and Trump is there he's there
for the small guy he's there for people
like myself though his cabinet is filled
with multimillionaires I love that
they're not politicians and you don't
see them as part of the swamp who are
not a little eyes on the system in a
capitalist system you're allowed to make
money being rich is good yeah so then
what is the swamp this want for me
mainstream is is it is yes you almost
mail it it's the mainstream it's the
elite that looked down on a small guy
like myself but mark the Trump's cabinet
is laughing at you right now they the
tax cuts 80% of them are going to the
top 1% and and by the year 2027 anyone
making under $75,000 is getting a tax
increase they're robbing from the poor
to give the rich now in the case of this
gentleman here I don't know how wealthy
he is he says he owns a business so
maybe he's among the wealthy and thinks
that's fantastic
can't wait to rob the poor for my own
benefit it's my swamp now I don't know I
don't know his intentions I do know he's
a little touched as you're about to see
in a second but when you have a coat
like this it doesn't matter what the
facts are hey they are benefitting
themselves they are taking money from
people that are the small guys as you
described it and giving it to themselves
Trump is getting rid of the estate tax
that's gonna save his kids over a
billion dollars if Trump is right about
his wealth
that's enriching himself and his family
let alone the alternative minimum tax
that's gonna save him again if his
numbers are accurate hundreds of
millions of dollars in taxes he through
all of this he's creating a giant
deficit to benefit himself that is a
swamp but you don't want to see it
because nope Donald Trump is a demigod
in this in his case quite literally get
a load of what he says next you know I
own a pest control company it's not much
but it's mine you know and I work hard
for it you know it never went to college
just your typical guy who's trying to
make a living and for years they have
been just kicking us to the side and
here comes the president I will let me
tell you if Jesus Christ gets down off
the cross and Tommy Trump is with Russia
I will tell them hold on a second I get
a check with the president if it's true
wow so this is exactly our cult operates
it doesn't matter whatever Dear Leader
says I believe it Christian Jesus is he
an important figure I don't know if he's
important for you Donald Trump obviously
above Jesus above Jesus I'm sure that if
you ask Mark Lee he would tell you he
was a devout Christian you're no such
thing man look I don't care to judge
other people's religions in their degree
of religiosity but if you are a
Christian and you think Donald Trump is
above Jesus Christ and you'd have to
check with Trump to see Jesus telling
the truth I'm not sure that you've read
the Bible or really understand what it
means okay I wasn't the only one shocked
by that statement even his fellow Trump
loving panelists were a little surprised
jr. our producer has done a great job of
noting their surprise let's take a look
at it one at a time I will tell them
hold on a second
check with the president think it's true
why he's drunk everybody else why yeah I
give her credit it was as surprised as
the rest of us like Wow
jeezum lord mercy quite literally I've
been did you make it to all right well
let's take a look at that the next react
I will tell them hold on a second
I need a check with the president think
it's true why everybody else why I love
the woman's reaction now we're gonna go
last guy here but notice that he doesn't
seem quite as put back by it he seems
kind of entertained by the idea that's
what I would tell them hold on a second
I need a check with the president think
it's true why everybody else why but I'm
not putting that statement on anyone but
Mark Lee who was the man preposterous
enough to make it but you might not be
surprised if you know what he does
regularly apparently at mar-a-lago at
first when this part of the clip began
and I was watching it I thought oh okay
he goes tomorrow logo maybe he really is
rich and he's gonna get some of those
tax cuts that's fine
no find out why he goes to Marlo go I
believe in him he's a good man he has
taken so much shots for us it's based on
it's based on everything he's been doing
he's been winning listen I go to Maura
lardo one of his coming in hold up my
sign and what is your sign say blacks
patron I'm Jamaican I'm black I love the
guy I think that he is getting one part
of that sign wrong maybe black for Trump
but there are a couple of guys there are
and they're in the cult and and whatever
the Dear Leader says is true it doesn't
matter what Jesus thinks doesn't matter
what anyone thinks now you wonder why
they don't trust the media I mean look
conversation about the mainstream media
is a gigantic wanted a little bit
separate but even when they do things
that are clearly true these guys go no I
wouldn't believe Jesus if Jesus told me
that Trump was doing something wrong you
think I'm going to listen
CNN I'm gonna listen to the New York
Times of course they're not gonna
believe what the news reports because
they're in a cult they're not thinking
for themselves they have given away
their judgment to their leader I mean
the guy wastes his weekends going
tomorrow logo so that the Dear Leader
can see his side blacks fur drum it's
one of the saddest and yet most amusing
things I have ever heard help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
