our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt the Senate
Judiciary Committee will be holding a
hearing tomorrow involving both dr.
Blasi Ford and Brett Kavanaugh and of
course this hearing is to hear their
testimony regarding sexual assault
allegations attempted rape allegations
now at the moment it's unclear whether
or not the second accuser Debbie Ramirez
or the third accuser will be involved in
this hearing but what we do know or at
least what we've had some hints about
are the various pieces of evidence that
they plan to bring to the table for this
hearing so first there's Brett
Cavanaugh's 1982 calendar that's right
he kept his 1982 calendar which is kind
of amazing when I first read the
headline about this I'm just gonna be
honest I thought there's no way that
this calendar is authentic who keeps
their calendar from 1982 but it does
look authentic to be fair and when you
look through it it appears to just have
mundane stuff and the whole point of him
bringing his calendar up is to make a
point about how you know that there's no
party in question here that that you
know describes or goes along with what
dr. Blasi Ford described right but no no
this is nonsense this is nonsense okay
so look you take any deep piece of data
you like and make it you know and and
they're all data points and we're all
trying to figure this thing out and and
there are some data points on you know
dr. Blasi side or Ramirez's side where I
go that's not that persuasive either
right but the calendar has the parties
that were planned out ahead of time oh
we're gonna go to the beach for this
such-and-such person's party right it
doesn't have every single party in the
middle of the summer that people threw
impromptu and oftentimes when the
parents weren't present because they
were going to drink illegally
okay the seniors might have been legal
but everybody else was would have been
drinking illegally at the time that's
not the one you write down in your cap
under that your parents can see you're
right hey I'm going to Nicky's birthday
party you don't right I'm going to
John's party that you guys don't know
about where we're at a bare minimum
going to drink very very heavily okay
right so III agree that piece of
evidence is pretty weak it's it's very
likely that he wouldn't have put the the
date of that party down on the calendar
now when it comes to dr. Ford Blasi some
fascinating stuff has come up so
according to reporting four people
submitted these sworn affidavits to the
Senate Judiciary Committee saying that
Christine Blasi Ford previously told
them about the incident
so Russell Ford is one of those
individuals and he is Blasi Ford's
husband and he writes she said that in
high school she had been trapped in a
room and physically restrained by one
boy who was molesting her while another
boy watched she said she was eventually
able to escape before she was raped but
that the experience was very traumatic
because she felt like she had no control
and was physically dominated now there
was another person involved in signing a
sworn affidavit and that's Keith Kohler
that's a close friend of Ford and her
husband and he submitted a sworn
affidavit saying he first learned of the
alleged sexual assault in the summer of
2016 so he writes while discussing the
case of brock turner COAG ler said ford
told him she was assaulted in high
school by a man who was now a federal
judge in Washington DC
meaning Brett Kavanaugh on June 29th
Kotler said Ford sent him an email
saying the person who assaulted her in
high school was the president's quote
favorite for SCOTUS and then he writes
back to her by the way this is all via
email which is important okay so he
writes back turn says I remember you
telling me about him but don't remember
his name do you mind telling me so I can
read about him and she writes back Brett
Kavanaugh there's another person Rebecca
white a friend of Ford's who is also her
neighbor and she said that Ford first
told her about the alleged assault in
2017 after she read a social media post
white wrote detailing her own experience
with sexual assault
the timings interesting there because
remember 2017 I think that's when the
me2 movement began people started
talking about their experiences if I'm
not mistaken so does
probably why there was a social media
post and then here's what Rebecca white
wrote I was walking my dog and Christine
was outside of her house
I stopped to speak with her she then
told me that when she was a young teen
she had been sexually assaulted by an
older teen I remember her saying that
her assailant was now a federal judge
and then there's one other person but
you want to jump in before yes so these
are varying degrees of credibility the
one I want no reason to disbelieve any
of them or Ford in this situation it it
doesn't mean that Cavanaugh doesn't have
a different recollection etc but when
she writes after he is being considered
for the Supreme Court not after he was
picked but while he was being considered
if you're a Republican you might say
well at that point she knows he might go
on the Supreme Court and that's why she
might be talking about Cavanaugh but
remember these go further back so the
ones that are in 2012-2013 even 2016 etc
where she has no idea that he's gonna be
nominated for the Supreme Court and
talks about this person who had done
this to her has more and more
credibility and then I would ask you if
you're skeptical why do you think she
was doing that about her at that point
of random judge that you know she had no
reason to believe would be nominated to
the Supreme Court that she just decided
to pick a name out of a hat and go mmm
that federal judge that I used to know
I'm gonna start making things up about
him in the year 2012
that would seem awfully strange well the
fourth person talks about you know being
informed about Ford's
doctor Ford's sexual assault in 2013 so
let me give you the details on that
another longtime friend of Ford's adela
gildo Mazon submitted the NAFA David
saying the Ford told her about the
alleged assault in June of 2013 at a
restaurant in Mountain View California
in fact she says she has a receipt from
the restaurant for that day so that
again that's a detail that I don't find
to be relevant as she has a receipt from
the restaurant but was I mean I mean
anything okay so they were the
restaurant it's at least corroborating
evidence that they
communicated that day it doesn't
necessarily prove what they were
discussing but she doesn't even prove
that it was her at the restaurant so any
credit card to pay no it's proves that
the that the person signing the
affidavit was at the restaurant in the
receipt it doesn't say you had lunch
with this other person and I will name
her okay great you're paying with your
credit card for the meal it says your
name it says the name of the persons you
know credit card the name that's on the
credit card it's totally irrelevant yeah
okay totally irrelevant focus on what is
important okay so look we've now seen
enough evidence that I think Kavanagh
has only one out and and dr. Blasi
vigorously disputes it but she's not
making this stuff up she didn't make it
up in 2013 she didn't make it up in 2012
you don't pick a random person out of
thin air and start telling people you
know and your therapist and your husband
and your friends about this traumatic
incident and it's this guy and what just
in case are there people all across the
country now making up things about
somebody who might get appointed in the
year 2023 no that's preposterous right
so she clearly believes that this
happened she is genuine it's not a
political hatchet job I'm not talking
about the other two and they have
different fact patterns we're just
talking about Christine Blasi Ford okay
and so the only outlet Kavanagh really
has is mistaken identity I'm sure that
that happened she believes that that
happened to her but it wasn't me and but
saying it didn't happen or she's making
it up it just doesn't match the facts it
just doesn't thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm /join
