Fox has permanently banned gene Simmons
and that was after he was in New York
doing interviews on various shows for
Fox in order to promote his book now he
made headlines earlier this week when he
talked about how you know women can
really wield their power if they put
some lipstick on his quote also was to
lift separate and point them in the
general direction of men referring to
women's breasts you know if women are
looking for a promotion or some power in
life well of course he offended some
people but that didn't stop Fox from
inviting him on so Simmons had come to
Fox to do an interview with Maria
Bartiromo
on fox businesses mornings with Maria to
promote his book right after that things
really started to fall apart
okay so bartiromo studio is located on
the third floor at Fox News and Fox
Business headquarters in midtown
Manhattan after the interview he went to
the 14th floor
for an entertainment feature where he
began acting improperly
and that's where things really started
to get crazy so there was a video shared
by one of the Fox hosts that kind of
illustrated the beginning of him losing
his mind and doing things that ended up
getting him banned here's the very
beginning
take a look gene right over there in
addition to power would you like to do
precipitation come over here Janis a
lighting janitor here yeah Janis Jean is
now the Weather Machine we are
maximizing gene Simmons potential with
the weather mats let's take a look at it
show me give me some temperature well if
you're in Provo of course why aren't you
it's 32 degrees fahrenheit as opposed to
Celsius now Albuquerque which is
difficult to spell but I know that
because I used to be a sixth grade
teacher is now at 43 degrees so there
he's already kind of starting to what
what a ham right what a guy is a ham he
doesn't need to have his face painted to
be entertaining he really gets it going
I love with someone on an interview just
like gets up out of their chair yeah and
then oh what's gonna happen next
obviously the weather in the old days
with the wired microphone
no you kept you that's gonna fall back
yeah yeah a little creepy info on yeah
well this is where things started to get
crazy because watch okay so parts okay
there's nothing wrong with that but
sounds kind of like the beginning not
that hard to spell Albuquerque by the
way when in doubt it to you okay are you
then all of a sudden he goes into a
staff meeting barges in interrupts it
and starts antagonizing the women in the
room he was quoted as saying hey chick
sue me and he said that while pulling
open his velvet shirt to expose his
chest and stomach was wearing a velvet
shirt we saw it right there mm good
point then he checks out then he started
telling Michael Jackson pedophilia jokes
because those are always fun and then
popped two employees on the head with
his bookmaking derisively
to the sound their heads made when
struck this is an insane this is like a
lot of weird stuff is happening in the
story good job of whoever wrote this
article the word Lloyd Lloyd used the
word bopped yeah bobbed yeah like this
is a story in in an era of sexual
misconduct reporting and sexual
harassment claims where he used the term
his term bopped him on the head with a
book yeah that's what happened so uh can
i chime in with something here that I
know about gene Simmons is a huge fraud
I don't mean talent-wise he may be
talented I don't know kisses in my bag
but I get it people like them and God
bless them for that everybody's got
their own taste of music he is that I
believe threatened and easily and wants
to prove to people how smart he is
there's an interview which everybody
hope is to probably still available he
did with Terry Gross on fresh air on NPR
I probably like four or five years ago
and I mean he's his behavior was so
offensive and I I don't I don't say
offensive like I don't mind when people
get offended we don't have a right not
to be offended in this country sometimes
you're gonna be offended right there are
serious issues which we're dealing with
now but getting offended is I don't
think one of them but I just offensive
to the soul not like we should reprimand
him just like who is this guy what did
he say he kept correct first of all I
didn't know we were to talk about today
so I don't
he kept using big words probably some of
them right but some of the
but in a way that was like look at me
like you'd saw it then I was a former
sixth grade teacher he can't let that go
he thinks he's smarter than everybody
else but he well but I'm telling you he
isn't he's dumb gene Simmons as dumb as
a post and is constantly trying to show
off
how bright he is how much how he's your
intellectual equivalent whereas nobody
cares we're not I don't know yeah I
don't go around in the rooms wondering
none of us do thing at all Boyle people
in here my intellectual equivalent yeah
it's not something we concern ourselves
with at all yeah but he wants to prove
something he has no sense of humor none
none none none his whole sense of humor
is so I just kept thinking wow a total
fraud everything about this guy from my
dad god bless him God rest his soul used
to have a great expression he would just
like an Allah as story any story that
involved a Jewish person or Israel or
anything you've read the story and then
he killed mmm good for the Jews or bad
for the Jews right and as it says here
in this story you know he hime wits his
name and he emigrated immigrated the US
and I he but he said gene Simmons bad
for the Jews yeah Wow well one person
quoted at Fox told The Daily Beast the
following it was pretty severe yeah he
is like it's gotta be bad if he's
permanently fanned from Fox so I don't I
don't know what's going on in his head
and he just doesn't seem like a great
guy to be around
listen to that interview sometime you're
just I'm Terry Gross Mattamy did you
ever get if you don't appreciate Terry
Gross and I have a significant
admiration for her this is a you know
it's the thing I like to be good at is
doing these interviews and she's she's
very good at it and and she was a she
did turn she didn't like stay fully
composed she did it perfectly like at
some point she was like what's wrong why
are you talking to me this way oh by the
way I'm leaving out she was also
unbelievably sexist like out-of-control
sexist right it's worth I hope it's up
somewhere it's worth it's worth
listening time just definitely change
just in terms of Terry Gross is absolute
professionalism and competence and his
sort of outrageous simpleton behavior
this story does you know the fact that
he's banned from Fox it's kind of a
sign of the times because if this
happened two years ago they would have
just offered him the APM slot it's
probably correct yeah watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like at
TYT Network comm slash join
