one of the claims that Republicans are
making is that we need to drastically
cut the corporate tax because that will
lead to an explosion of growth for
reasons you can read about in Harry
Potter The Wall Street Journal though
recently held a meeting of CEOs with
Trump's a chief economic adviser Gary
Cohn and let's find out if the CEO is
believed that that's likely to happen
let's take a look at this if the tax
reform bill goes through do you plan to
increase investment of your company's
investment capital investment just a
show of hands the tax reform goes
through okay why why why aren't the
other hands up why are the other hand
chill not a question quitting foot so
Gary quickly because these are smart
people a hit yes
yeah I'm kind of shocked that in that
particular forum the video cameras are
on by the you know look I mean you know
everybody who runs a corporations not a
ogre right they don't want to lie yeah
right you know they don't want to get
caught lying there like I don't know
what I'm going to do with it and we'll
see but I got a payoff my shareholders
and I got a nobody it's a lot through
the fact that the standard in these
Republican senators are totally
disconnected from the reality of what
sort of course right cuz they're saying
they're not gonna lie because they know
they won't
yeah they don't think it's the and that
and that doesn't mean that they won't
benefit of course they will get that
money they just don't necessarily intend
and putting it back into the actual
company and doing all that work wages or
higher wages as well like I would have
loved to have seen that question yes is
wages like we shower you with all this
money no they was they haven't yet and
they have all this money of course of
course very they've been doing very well
Trump keeps talking about the stock
market but our wages going up know why
the corporations are doing so well weird
now that works out and so Steve Monken
who manages my nutrition I know I
pronounce it differently every time I
say okay I was in charge so a pictured
back here auditioning for the next
Batman movie he was asked about this why
it is they won't pledge to do the sorts
of things the the tax bill debate is
sort of founded on and here is his
response if the tax reform bill goes
through do you plan to increase
investment
your company's investment capital
investment just a show of hands the tax
reform goes through okay what why why
aren't the other hands up why aren't
they out mr. secretary what must have
been a tired crowd there I've literally
met with hundreds and hundreds of
business executives big business small
business everybody is very excited about
this and I can tell you all the
international companies I spoken with
think a 20 percent corporate tax on a
territorial system is going to bring
back a lot of jobs and trillions of
dollars here into the economy we have
lots of people who are lined up in
support of this the Business Roundtable
Financial Services there's a lot of
excitement about this plan when his
batteries run out so that must have been
a tired crowd right that's that's one
way to spin it I guess but the thing is
there honey this secretary he's the best
every rights gang just needs to take him
back into the lab and fix the upper lip
I'm oh yeah what's gone things nice yeah
I had to identify the actor in my mind
so again like I think having that group
of CEOs come together is interesting we
can gather some data from that but we
also like we've said in the show already
we know how this goes we know what they
do with the money I already so I looked
up SP Global said back in May of 2017
that the 2000 SNP globally rated
businesses we're currently sitting on
one point nine trillion dollars that
they just have now we've talked before
I'm not gonna go through the whole thing
but why is it that that doesn't suddenly
improve the economy well you can take
the most basic economics course in the
world and read about supply and demand
and you'll understand that simply giving
them more money does not produce a
demand for their products it certainly
doesn't produce the financial ability to
buy more of those products you could do
that if you wanted to but that's not
their strategy they simply think oh you
give the businesses as a bunch of money
then there's a Phase two that I don't
really understand then phase three
everything's better all of a sudden it
doesn't make any sense I don't know I am
an idiot I've never had more than like
God I seven thousand dollars to my name
but I agree with the CEOs there it's not
gonna happen
I may be you or maybe people I don't
have any faith that they even think
it'll work I mean I got it I do I don't
think that they're evil I should we
don't think I'm trying to appeal to the
people who trust them unfortunately I
don't they don't this is it's a lie
we're being lied to this isn't what they
want what they want is to pay less in
corporate tax they think it's outrageous
that they pay this higher corporate tax
and it should be less and that it
strangles the ability of CEOs and
business leaders to make as much money
for their company as they want somebody
that will then as we now know since
whenever we started making paying off
the shareholders the only thing that
mattered that that's what they're
supposed to do
and that the country is find like and
the country's fine and things will work
out but by the way governments to
involve they regulate too much they tell
us what to do too much and they waste a
lot of money so ultimately if the
government makes a little less money out
of this because they'll get less
corporate tax and as these tax plan
passes they'll get less tax from the
people they'll raise less from the
income tax then well then we'll just
have to cut stuff which is what we
should have done in the first place
which is what they want which is what
yeah but they don't say that I mean
sometimes at least that this is those
moments when people like Rand Paul and
bizarre ways because he's more likely to
go yeah don't we still government should
have we should have less money we should
pay for less of these things and the
people that we should we shouldn't put
the we shouldn't break the backs of
Americans to fund all these things we do
we should do less yeah
and these aren't also people who
necessarily unlike other Republican
presidents supported this president I
mean it was it these business leaders
don't necessarily trust Donald Trump
either and that's a big part of what
goes into the fact that he put these
business leaders in big positions the
Wilber Rosses and Steve minuchin so that
so that they would be more comfortable
because they he was not terribly popular
with that crowd of course they're
enduring but the election certainly tax
cuts have been and will always be well I
know and but they were confident they
would have gotten them regardless of who
won exactly yes and they didn't like him
but that said you know what been said is
true is that there's not that these are
smart people to who
they want something and they're not just
gonna say something exactly if it isn't
true in it I mean they will but they're
unmasked they're not going to like that
yeah it really is amazing though that if
they get this you know I don't know what
exactly the final bill will look like
because the Senate and the House bill
looked different they have to reconcile
that and all that but how many different
benefits they get they they get to give
all that money to the corporations and
all that some of that will come back to
them in donations obviously there will
be a lot of really happy wealthy people
who will help them out they they starve
the federal treasury so that eventually
they can justify cuts of any number of
progressive policies to help to balance
the books in the end they throw
ridiculous things in like like
additional taxes on university
endowments because screw universities
they have a personhood amendment in one
version of the bill that's going around
right now has nothing to do with
anything but why not throw it in this
tax bill has suddenly just become
everything that they want and by the way
and 13 million people also secure
exactly nothing as well just throw them
off their health care they couldn't get
in the first timer I worry about that
coming in late where's the second this
health care thing yeah this six times
ridiculous and to go briefly back to
hatch I know that it's been a bit but
saying that you know the idea that we're
doing this and that this is gonna help
out the rich I just I'm from the low and
middle class I want to help them NBC
News had a financial analysis done of
the likely effects of the I believe this
of the Senate version of the bill on a
particular one wealthy person not
hypothetically all wealthy people but
let's take one you might have heard of
Miss Donald Trump he would save more
than twenty million dollars personally
just himself according to analysis of
his 2005 tax return and his heirs could
potentially save 1 point 1 billion
dollars based on his reporter wealth if
this bill goes through by the way that's
based on a reported wealth of two point
eight five billion dollars estimated
idea of his wealth he claims he has far
more and if that's true they could save
potentially billions of dollars and he's
also 71 years old and most of that
savings comes from the fact that
according to the Senate bill in 2024 the
estate tax will be repealed and that's
where he gets his greatest savings on
well exactly it's an amazing amazing
system they've built up I mean
thankfully as you said bad oh my god now
I'm blanking on the name of the senator
came against it Ron Johnson is against
it I saw that Susan Collins I believe
was sort of hesitant
I think Markowski was never never a no
with Rand Paul either on this thing
exactly exactly
yeah he's but he's a bizarre one I read
it maybe it's changed it's the only
senator who hasn't taken his endorsement
away from Roy Moore that's what I read
yeah read that - I did IRA's are not as
bizarre as the thing that happened like
I'm sorry you hear and make a point
that's important this is just silly but
it's not really silly good there's
something missing stole from that story
with the with getting his ribs oh yeah I
don't remember what I was gonna say but
I'm sure it was the Rand Paul vote when
I said he was likely he we don't know he
was the he's the only person right now
to come out against Roy Moore but yeah I
mean their own oh I was gonna say about
and we don't know as John McCain said
he'd support it no we don't know about
just cuz I feel like there's a little
bit of John McCain it's no I'm gonna
wait until the last possible second on
every bill I have laughing right and I'm
gonna vote against the press I I don't
want I mean with all the consequences in
the immediate term and just the ripples
that go out years and decades in the
future from this bill I don't want to be
like sitting watching TV to see if he
gives it the thumbnail Atlantic there's
a good way to imply I believe they're
gonna peel something off of this they're
gonna find something that doesn't have
to go through reconciliation that
they're gonna be able to vote on before
Thanksgiving it gives them something to
take home I don't know what it's gonna
be I think it's gonna be it might be a
small it might be a standalone something
the Senate through their rules can
actually vote on and get done because
with this with Democratic support or
without Emma but with with with the more
cows keys of the world and then the
Colin rice and there's something that's
something that 51 yes the back because
otherwise this administration is on a
legislative level other words that
Oracle II a failure and that's as
objective as I can be I mean we know
that I cannot bear this man but but that
objectively speaking legislatively
nothing everything's been by executive
order yeah it's astonishing so they're
gonna have to and that falls on the
Congress to preserve than
one's up so they're gonna have to come
home with something if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
