across the country we're having a debate
about the Republican tax plan and that
debate can get very heated because of
the consequences of it being passed the
huge sums of money that we're talking
about the huge tax cuts and all that and
tax increases on many Americans and can
also get heated inside of the Senate it
turns out and in this video we've got
Republican senator Orrin Hatch fighting
with Democratic senator sherrod Brown
over exactly what the goal of this plan
is let's take a look I come from the
poor people and I've been here working
my whole stinking career for people who
don't have a chance and I really resent
anybody saying that I'm just doing this
for the rich give me a break I think you
guys overplay that all the time and it
gets old
and frankly Yatta Yatta quit mr. chair
of the Public Enemies suggests I'm not
true okay I get a kind of sick and tired
of it
well true it's a nice political play
well mr. chairman all due respect I get
sick and tired of the richest regular or
rich we do and over and over again how
many times do we do this
listen I've honored you by allowing you
to spout off here and what you said was
not right that's all I'm saying
I come from the lower middle class
originally we didn't have anything so
spew that stuff on me I get a little
tired of that crap I've honored you by
letting you spout off do you not feel
honored to be fair that did make it seem
like like sherrod Brown had not spoken
before and that hatch was just banging
the gavel we try to make it right he did
yes make a rather aggressive argument
before that clip again yeah yeah and so
look I'm which was great this is there's
gonna be admission of a form of weakness
but I'm enough of a Libby Lib that like
when even like Orrin Hatch when he goes
I've worked my whole life to help the
working people I feel like as a Lib like
wait maybe did no no he didn't what are
you talking about I feel for it for a
second put it accurately this whole
stinking career
like I mean so you're rich now but I
mean it's not about you we're not
talking about you I'm not talking about
you you represent people we're passing a
bill that affect millions how you know
what your dad did when you were born
does not make it this is in no way
relevant sherrod Brown might say yeah I
was born wealthy as well as a silver
spoon in my mouth none of that matters
now
yeah thank you Bill we have evidence
here and really no evidence substantial
significant backed up evidence to the
contrary of who this bill helps and who
it hurts it's not complicated
yeah yeah the only the only way that his
point could make any rational sense is
if you do firmly believe against all the
evidence that we've seen in our lives
that trickle-down economics works and if
you simply shower the wealthy with money
some of it will eventually be passed on
or it much more directly to this bill if
you effectively eliminate corporate
taxes that they will against all the
evidence we're gonna show you later in
the show immediately plow that back into
the economy and there will be jobs and
there will be prosperity well and go to
what they were talking about beforehand
right I mean this this was an amendment
that was put in by Ron Wyden the senator
by the way and sitting next to or next
door yes right so he put he puts that
amendment in and all it does is exactly
to the individual tax cut what they're
doing to the corporate tax cut the
corporate tax cut is a permanent tax cut
from thirty five to twenty percent the
individual goes down but it sunsets so
then it then it ends right so what
they're saying is all right make it so
that the corporate tax cut ends if they
don't prove that lower taxes will create
jobs they have to show that they are
putting that into not to create jobs
higher wages right now and and and
sherrod Brown was saying they're sitting
on a ton of cash right now it's these
big corporations and wages aren't going
up so if you're gonna put this in the
bill Weyden's amendment says that's fine
we'll give it to you it's top-heavy
actually it but it helps individuals
right away and then it stops helping
them but you have to put the same sunset
on it for the corporations if they don't
create higher wages and that's what
they're arguing about that's what Orrin
Hatch is so upset about and then
meant to create higher wages for working
Americans and of course your your being
far too charitable there because we know
about all of the individual tax like
little manipulations that they do that
the quadrupling of taxes on graduate
students and some of this is gonna be
different between the Sen in the house
of yours but the fact that they took
away the the tax credit for for adopting
and then when the Democrats tried to add
that back in by changing the corporate
tax reduction from going down to 20% to
going down to 20 point zero five percent
it was unanimously voted down by the
Republicans so we know that they're not
actually some of those tax decreases for
lower wage workers first of all our
gonna save them almost nothing at that
point because we're talking about small
sums of money and our temporary and are
completely swamped by the changes to
pass through income and of course the
corporate tax as well oh yeah they
actually believed that these would
create jobs you would have no problem
with that amendment you would be like
okay we have to show you that it raises
wages I firmly believe that it will and
so we will show you that should be
obvious but you do have a problem with
it if you know that it's not true right
and your care there's no cares it's true
or there's no mechanism for showing it
well there's a we do know of course
because I mean look we've we've done a
million videos about this but even just
recently City white C investigates has
been focusing very heavily on some of
the the lobbying efforts of particular
corporations and what they have done
during previous periods of tax cuts and
especially tax holidays is huge periods
of repatriation of foreign wealth coming
back in and what they actually do with
that money and the pattern is
immediately clear in some cases it goes
to dividends which you can argue maybe
helps out people because that
theoretically they could have shares but
almost inevitably is also followed by
almost no job increases or in many cases
job decreases as well there's simply no
evidence for what Orrin Hatch is saying
there right but we do know what we're
always expected to do regular order John
regular regular order what we're always
expected to do in America is have this
conversation about tax cuts and what
they'll do and they will say here's all
these things we think will happen down
the line that it will lead to jobs or to
lead to wages or whatever
all that stuff hypothetically could
happen but we know immediately what will
happen the wealthy will save tons of
money corporations will save tons of
money maybe someday the good stuff
happens but we always get those
inevitable changes and that's what
sherrod Brown and others have a big
problem with that
this seems designed specifically to help
only corporations in the wealthiest
Americans even though you could easily
write a bill that simplifies the tax
code and provides some sort of stimulus
or help to those who are lower middle
working-class all that hell Obama did it
with the actual stimulus you could do
that if you wanted to you say that's
what you want but you don't actually
write that bill with the good thing
about which Eric Brown did is that it is
point out that it's not they're not it
just doesn't do what they say that they
want to do because they're not honest
about doing what they want to do they
don't they're not honest they don't say
what they want to do what they want to
do is they don't care if the Treasury
takes in real money they don't care if
it's revenue neutral they they want it
to take in less money that's not their
problem then they want to cut programs
yeah like that's how this works that's
the plan
that's what they've always wanted to do
then I mean you heard him sing chip
right right right exactly like chip the
children's health insurance program
exactly well actually we have a little
video about that what they touch on that
in the second video let me just say
something if you didn't if we've worked
together we can pull this country out of
every every mess it's in and we could do
a lot of the things that you're talking
about too and I think I've got a
reputation of having worked together
let's let's start with chip not starting
with chip I did it I've done it for
years I've got more bills start with
chip today I got more bills pass and
everybody on this committee put together
and they've been passed for the benefit
of people in this country now all I can
say is I like you personally very much
but I'm telling you this bullcrap that
you guys saw it he really gets old after
a while to do it right at the end of
this was just not right and I just
backed in it takes a lot to get me
worked up like this did you do it right
at the end no one during this entire
process or for the rest of time has
talked about how this is
benefiting the Reds well and also do it
right at the end they held this bill
Salone there was only right of the empty
doors only the end of hearing about it I
don't when they kicked off there were
six minutes and 24 seconds to play in
the fourth they're attempting to ram it
through originally by Thanksgiving now
they look like they want to get it
before the special election Alabama
because obviously that changes their
their chances of getting it passed I
passed what everybody say I passed more
bills and everybody on this committee
combined and you see Charles Grassley
that's just numerically possible what
does that mean anything about your work
ethic I'm not sure and and and regular
order when they talk about regular order
this this set of Republicans in the
Senate right now who let Merrick garland
slide away from our memories yeah
and that was that was a regular order
and and they where were they on regular
order when Merrick Garland's name was
was presented by the president for the
Supreme Court the one positive of course
is that while he's going to sit there
and try to say that nobody buys this
idea that it's benefiting the wealthy
the polls are in and I think something
like 16 percent of the population thinks
that they will personally financially
benefit from us
which is still probably too high but
that's way better than the last few
times we've had this debate as a country
back during Bush and and all that and by
the way there is as I read today and and
you know a Ben Cardin spre posle in the
Senate the progressive consumption tax
Act accomplishes everything that
Republicans say they want but it's
actually a progressive tax and it
actually puts a little money into the
poorest Americans and reduces by a
little under 1% the money that the
richest Americans would take home they
give up less money in this and it
reduces the corporate tax rate to I
think 17 percent yeah yeah and so and
that that plan which is about four years
old now off and on it's been evaluated
by the Tax Policy Center with a couple
of 12 hours and it lowers the top tax
brackets to 15 25 and 28 and if I think
if it says it's somewhere but if it's
like 15 14 27 and 31 instead of that
then it's completely revenue neutral
like and it accomplishes what they say
they want but it's proof that what they
say they want isn't what they want right
they want to cut ties
they'd like to cut taxes for everybody
but really because the rich people do
pay the most taxes they want to cut that
and they want the government to have
less money and then it be able to fund
less stuff when they go we don't have
money what do we do raise taxes yeah
nobody wants to raise taxes and all
those machinations come from the desire
to pass this without having to get a
single Democrat to vote with them they
wouldn't be bound by that 1.5 trillion
dollar thing if they were really doing
anything to get such as the Democrats
right but to vote with it now they're
now they're in great peril and they
already have lost some Republicans Ron
Johnson I know who loses Ron Johnson Ron
Johnson who's got five years left this
is Senate career and has I guess we
thought that six years you know but if
at least five years law but it's not
like he's up next year he is politically
safe for the moment and and he went
against this thing and then of course
Susan Collins will it's and that's why
these Republicans are to go to another
story which I guess we're not really
covered that's why
politically they're so scared about that
Alabama Senate seat too you know because
they're this close on so many of these
issues and that's why they're really
hurrying this thing through to try and
get it passed before exact but Doug
Jones might be seated in the Senate help
us build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
