during part of donald trump's trip
throughout asia this past weekend he
told reporters something that everybody
on this planet can pretty much verify
was completely untrue
on saturday donald trump told reporters
who had asked him about the whole Roy
Moore debacle what he thought of it and
Donald Trump said I don't watch a lot of
television you know because of the
documents I have so many documents to
read as president I just don't have time
to be watching TV um so Donald Trump
here's what we know okay we have had
reports from White House staffers
speaking to the press that say that you
become very angry and violent because of
your constant TV watching at any time
they say something that's not flattering
about you there are reports of you
throwing things at television sets when
they say things that you don't like and
of course who could forget the fact that
you pretty much live tweet Fox and
Friends every single day you're at the
White House on top of that you also like
to tweet out little promos for other Fox
news shows and you attack other
television shows for their ratings
whenever you get the chance whenever
they piss you off you probably watch
more television than any other president
in the history of the United States now
certainly not an impeachable offense and
if you don't feel like doing your job I
guess there's nothing wrong with you
sitting around and watching television
what is you know horrible in this
situation is the fact that you feel the
need to lie about it everyone everyone
who has access to a computer and can go
to twitter.com knows that you watch TV
all the time and yet you're just obscene
narcissism doesn't allow you to even
tell the truth about that you could have
said look I don't care about ROI more
I'm over here doing business instead of
saying I don't watch TV what are you
talking about look at the documents
there's
so many documents that I as president
have to read so instead I'm gonna go
play golf it doesn't make any sense and
that's the problem with people that are
pathological liars is that they will lie
about literally anything even when it
doesn't stand to gain them anything they
have a compulsive need to not tell the
truth and that is what we are seeing
time and time again with Donald Trump
thanks for watching and if you like what
you see here on Ring of Fire we
encourage you to subscribe to our
Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
