just to give you another piece of
examples or another piece of evidence
proving that they've been cruel after
these allegations came up Donald Trump
just didn't care and first issued a
tweet so I want to go to graphic nine
and share that tweet with you
he says avenatti is a third-rate lawyer
who is good at making false accusations
like he did on me and like he is doing
on judge Brett Kavanaugh so let's stop
for a second avenatti did not make false
accusations against Trump Trump's own
fix-it lawyer former Fixit lawyer
Michael Cohen admitted that he paid
stormy Daniels off after it was
requested by Donald Trump so where did
he lie that that's the very last thing I
would say if I was Donald Trump because
the charges against you that avenatti
talked about have proven to be 100%
right there's no one outside of you in
the country claiming that you didn't
sleep with stormy Daniels and now you
even admit that you paid her hush money
but you claimed it was because what you
felt like paying her hush money on
things you didn't do even your own
supporters don't believe that I don't
think there's a single supporter of
yours that believes that in fact instead
they go I will add a boy way to sleep up
with a porn star while your wife just
had a kid that's like what a real man
does okay so those are your guys but you
can't claim avenatti made-up stuff he
proved it to be totally right so at the
bare minimum you should have enough
intellect to not bring that issue up but
as usual he's his own worst enemy well
he also issued a statement you know he's
participating at a UN event and he
decided to bring the situation up and
here's what he had to say and hopefully
over the next couple of days that will
be settled up and solved and we will
have a Supreme Court justice who will go
down as one of our greatest ever
hopefully he's gonna be there for a long
time we I think it's really working
very well I really do I think it's doing
well I think people are seeing what a
disgrace these Democrat senators are he
just can't help himself under what
definition would this be doing very well
I mean you can say hey I can't believe
the Democrats have attacked this poor
judge and etc I wouldn't agree with you
and there's other problems with that but
you could say hey it's been a mess
because of the Democrats but who would
say that the proceedings are going very
well I don't know a single Republican or
a single Democrat who thinks they're
going great but he can't help us a
beautiful soft towels
the water was tremendously wet these are
going very well there's three
allegations of sexual assault including
gang rape that is not going very well
well
what I'm always curious about is is
there a line that Donald Trump can cross
with his supporters especially the women
who voted for him and the women who
continue to support him and we came
across a few interviews that really
stood out to us and the next video shows
Trump supporters women who don't really
think these sexual assault allegations
are that big of a deal and groping a
woman which is what is that at 18 I mean
how many guys you know think that's no
big deal
even back then it was be honest it's not
a big deal it doesn't just take away
from his character and his job to do
what he needs to do in court nominee if
he was if he was pro-abortion the
Liberals wouldn't be fighting this hard
we're all sick and tired of hearing
about the Kavanagh thing because it's
not supported by any facts or evidence
whatsoever doctor Blasi Ford who was the
first accuser alleged that the sexual
assault took place when she was 15 years
old so it's not a big deal if a 15 year
old is groped by someone so look here's
I keep trying to I don't know why it
didn't attempt to be overly fair telling
conservatives an acceptable way to say
things for example she could have said
hey that stuff is terrible I wouldn't
want that happening to my daughters but
it did happen was
some regularity back in the day and I'm
glad it doesn't anymore but we can't go
back in time and judge the people it was
in that context that would be an
intelligent way of responding to that if
you wanted to defend him which I do not
but she does okay
so instead she's like what's the big
deal it's just groping God you've got
young daughters right there don't put
that message out but I wanna I actually
want to touch on that a little bit
because she does have daughters and one
of the talking points that you hear over
and over again is well why is this
coming up now why don't sexual assault
victims come out and report it
immediately well can you imagine how
difficult it would be if you were her
daughter and you had just been groped or
sexually assaulted and you know that
this is the way your own mother thinks
about the situation your own mother
thinks it's not really that big of a
deal who cares we're sick of hearing
about it let's move on I know I wouldn't
feel comfortable going to my parents or
talking to my mother if this is the way
she genuinely feels about sexual assault
like the country doesn't take it
seriously we just don't the me2 movement
happened right and we thought oh this is
great there's progress but I think that
the nomination and you know the
continued support for Brett Kavanaugh
shows you that we don't really take it
seriously because when political winds
are on the line that's really the number
one thing that the people in positions
of power genuinely care about so now let
me defend the country and in further
pile on for two Republicans so because
it's not me doing it it's not my opinion
it's the polling a new NPR PBS Newshour
Marist poll is out and my defense of the
country is 1/3 32 percent believe Ford
26 percent believe Cavanaugh and 42
percent are unsure who to believe I
think that is exactly right if I think
that I lean towards Ford based on the
fact that I work in the news business
and we have you know looked at this in
eight different ways and I've got
questions about the Ramirez story I've
got a lot of questions about the third
person who just came out I'm not saying
she isn't telling the truth I just have
literally have questions about some of
her claims like to elaborate right so on
Ford though
she has corroboration she's just again
no motive I mean he goes on and on I
have good reason to believe that but he
do you say you are unsure that's a
perfectly rational place to be and why
we keep saying over and over again they
used to do an FBI investigation on the
other hand a majority of Republicans 54%
say that Cavanaugh should be confirmed
regardless of whether Ford's allegations
are true oh my god and remember the
allegations are not even groping and I
feel bad saying that because groping is
bad enough
the allegations are Pinder down turn up
the volume had his friend turn up the
volume on the radio so no one could hear
her scream put his hand over her mouth
and started taking her ripping her
clothes off but while he was on top of
her you're 54% of Republicans think yeah
what's the big deal
oh god that's terrifying it because is
that like either yeah don't mind if you
do an attempted rape as long as you're
agree with me politically or I just
think that's normal and so that's normal
in my experience which then makes me
afraid of my god you know as much as we
talk about the me2 movement and this is
what a lot of women say and emphasize
for good reason it's still the tip of
the iceberg the iceberg is 54% of
Republicans but also some significant
percentage of the country saying why is
that a big deal what was in their
experience that made them think that an
attempted rape like that would not be a
big deal thanks for watching this free
clip of the young turks don't forget to
become a TYT member today for more
exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com / join
