Democratic senator Al Franken has been
accused of sexual assault by a reporter
a radio reporter by the name of Lee aunt
Whedon just full disclosure Lee aunt
Whedon is someone who was on the show
that I used to host for the network the
point she came on on a regular basis and
I know her personally but I didn't know
this story until now because today was
the first time that she spoke about her
experience with Al Franken back in 2007
now she shared her account in a
published article for ABC and she
accused him of kissing and groping her
without consent during a 2006 USO tour
of the Middle East before he took public
office so I apologized it was 2006 not
2007 she wrote that it occurred in
December of 2006 not long before
Christmas when she was a performer for
the tour alongside mr. Franken then a
well-known comedian now there were two
components of Iraqis accusations that
really stood out to me and to most
people the first accusation is what he
did to her allegedly did to her
physically according to missed Whedon's
account mr. Franken wrote a body script
that included a kiss for the two to
perform on stage when it came time to
rehearse the sketch she wrote mr.
Franken insisted on kissing despite her
own stations so she didn't want to kiss
and then he went for it and she claims
that he grabbed her in the back of the
neck and tried to make it happen but she
pushed him off she says I immediately
pushed him away with both my hands
against his chest and told him if he
ever did that to me again I wouldn't be
so nice about it next time I walked away
all I could think about was getting to a
bathroom as fast as possible to rinse
the taste of him out of my mouth I felt
disgusted and violated now Al Franken
has released two statements in response
to these allegations
the first statement was very brief he
wrote I certainly don't remember the
rehearsal for the skit in the same way
but I send my sincerest apologies to
Leanne as to the photo it was clearly
intended to be funny but wasn't I
shouldn't have done it
so that gets to the second part of the
allegation and this
where she has pretty damning evidence
let's go to graphic number three please
she shared this photo of the tour that
she was speaking of she had fallen
asleep because she had just returned
from a tour in Afghanistan she was a
member of the military she is a veteran
and while she was asleep Franken posed
in this way for the photo and it's
degrading it's disgusting and Franken
later released a longer statement
addressing that component of the
allegations so let me go ahead and read
that to you right now he says I don't
know what was in my head when I took
that picture and it doesn't matter
there's no excuse I look at it now and I
feel disgusted with myself it isn't
funny it's completely inappropriate it's
obvious how Leanne would feel violated
by that picture and what's more I can
see how millions of other women would
feel violated by it women who have had
similar experiences in their own lives
women who fear having those experiences
women who look up to me women who have
counted on me and the truth is what
people think of me in light of this is
far less important than what people
think of women who continue to come
forward to tell their stories they
deserve to be heard and believed and
they deserve and they deserve to know
that I am their ally and supporter I
have let them down and I am committed to
making it up to them so we have some
video of Leanne tweeting speaking to
Jake Tapper we'll get to that in just a
minute but I kind of want to open it up
to you guys and hear your thoughts we're
talking about this earlier today and so
we've covered it I it's it's it's a
problem because there is a a spectrum it
seems there's a there are different
gradations of sexual misconduct so we
the apology as it reads you really don't
know how bad the sexual misconduct was
right it's as if it was a pretty
powerful apology and I as a man feel
sort of awkward even commenting or
judging the gradations I can certainly
say this is different than stalking a
fourteen-year-old at a mall
and then you're trying to or calling her
to high school and trying to take
astronaut on a date when you're in your
30s I mean I can definitely separate
these two things but I guess what I'm
trying to get at is this this is wrong
but with all of these allegations coming
forward I'm having trouble ordering them
all and assigning a priority to how bad
each one is I'm not excusing this at all
I'm simply trying to order it because
they're all getting jumbled together I
get what you mean and and look I think I
think most rational people know that
there's a difference between you know
outright sexual assault or pedophilia
and you know what happened in Leon
tweetIn is horrible and she she felt
violated and degraded and I think most
women would feel like that would no one
has any right to put their hands on
anyone else without consent and taking
that degrading picture was you know
beyond offensive and degrading however
look I think that women all women are
different all women respond to different
you know different types of assault or
different types of harassment in in
various ways and so what might be
considered not a big deal if it's an ass
grab to one woman might end up you know
really making another woman feel
incredibly unsafe or you know degraded
whatever it is and so I hate getting
into these discussions about what's
worse but I think what's more important
to focus on is this broader discussion
about this sense of entitlement that all
of these perpetrators have had right
like I think that's like the one
constant among all hours the power thing
and the abuse of power and this sense of
entitlement this sense of yeah I'm gonna
do this and I'm not worried about any
consequences yeah and think about this
this happened in 2006 there never were
any consequences he went on to be a
senator he went on to live his life and
this was something that she quietly
lived with behind the scenes for all
this time and it's because she felt that
she couldn't come forward because people
were gonna attack her and by the way
that has happened and she talks about
that with Jake Tapper now I want to go
to her videos video number two she talks
about why in a lot of cases women don't
come forward decades will go by and they
will just remain quiet take a look I was
nervous to come out about it this
doesn't make me feel good everybody goes
oh you're so strong you're gonna feel so
great talking about it I still have a
knot in my stomach this is it you know
this isn't some like oh yeah I'm gonna
do it and I feel great about it it's
difficult it's difficult to do it is
hard why do you think there are people
that haven't talked there's still a lot
of people that haven't told their
stories and they're you know in the case
of Roy Moore there are people that 40
years later that are reluctantly coming
out about it I mean it's it's
embarrassing it's humiliating there's
still people I've looked on Twitter that
are still blaming me for it I'm like you
look at the picture I'm asleep and
they're still somehow it's my fault
really okay
Al Franken has come out and apologized
and said you know I've it that was in
poor taste I thought it was funny and
it's still my fault okay why women don't
come out I mean first of all the biggest
mistake she's made the only mistake
she's made is going on Twitter you
should not she should not go on Twitter
because she's only gonna get that kind
of criticism I think you know the
attention-grabbing thing here is the is
the photograph right that's got to me
that obfuscates the real the if true
disgusting thing that Franken did with
dress pushed himself on you have to
remember to Al Franken in 2006 was
months before he even announced his
candidacy for Senate he'd been in a
writers room at Saturday Night Live and
we've all read books or at least
articles about what that life was like
for a very long time he was a goofball
and I didn't think he was that funny
ever until he wrote a book which was
funny
so the photograph of him going like this
as stupid as that is and as offensive as
that is that's probably the goofball
comedian thing that he's prone to doing
and I think it it it really takes the
story in a different direction because
it's not just that it's that he forced
himself upon a woman in that situation
when it didn't have to happen and if
that's true and listen the other thing
that happens with these stories and I
don't know anything about Franken but
every single time this happens there are
other accusers who follow there there
are other stories other anecdotes it
hasn't happened yet with Franken and it
made tomorrow it made tonight it Bay
with somebody else and we forget about
Franken because this is happening in
such rapid fire but
that what people have to you know keep
hold up with this Franken thing is what
is is he violated this woman and not in
that stupid photograph which was stupid
to take and he did violate her but I
mean I just think the context of Al
Franken a comedian is very different
than Al Franken a man in a position of
power who was a comedian with a younger
performer violating her womanhood
violating everything about her and and
so I just think that the picture to me
serves as a distraction to what the real
offense was yeah I have a different take
on the on the picture yeah which you
which you're probably right about cuz I
think I might be in a minority about
this but I I just think the context of a
comedian who I never found funny doing
something that was really not funny is
is that and that's a little bit of the
you know explanation that he got at in
his longer statement did he did he talk
he did he did so I want to be clear when
I read the longer statement that wasn't
the full statement you should read the
full statement for yourself but he does
get into how you know at the time he
thought this was funny it was like a
comedy thing but look think about I
don't care if you're a comedian because
think about what this really
communicates to a woman likely aunt
Whedon or women in general she had
literally gotten back from a tour in
Afghanistan she's wearing her military
gear okay
and he poses in a picture where he's
degrading her by pretending like he's
grabbing her breasts while she's asleep
by the way she didn't know the picture
was being taken she'd even find out
about it until much later it's an excuse
I just mean I don't want to distract
from what he actually know that I agree
with you on because you know the
physical assault is a serious accusation
and there's since there's proof in in
the form of a photo of the second part
of the Ali makes the first part more
bland that's what Michael said that
that's essentially stealing the the
spotlight on this story
and we can rank the two things I mean
the sexual assault or the the physical
assault there may be better put that I
think ranks worse
he was its sophomoric it's like a frat
house thing right she's asleep and
you're going on and it's and he's you
know leaning into the picture it was
clearly
done in that comic spirit for him but it
didn't pass the litmus test of comedy as
as we as by the way none of his stuff
really did when he was on Saturday Night
Live I don't you guys probably you
remember I didn't think it was that
funny no and this was exactly like on
line with his humor I disagree and
here's why it matters to us because he
was a voice of he was a clear voice on
Capitol Hill as he segwayed into the
Democratic Party sure and so it so it
hurts and kind of smarts on that level
as well but uh but if that that wasn't
funny and it doesn't stand the test of
time yes it does not stand the test of
time finally I just want to go to
another video of Leon tweed and uh
speaking of Jake Tapper she was asked if
she accepts his apology and I thought
her answer was interesting yeah look do
you accept his apology I do I do and you
know the one that came out this morning
and I accepted that one too it was very
short and very brief my initial reaction
was it sounded like a staffer put that
out hastily you know which maybe could
have been the truth you know to get it
out quickly because when it hit it was
you know it went viral and it was
everywhere but that one did seem
heartfelt and I believed it and I
believed him you know and I I honestly
do believe him and you know I I wasn't I
wasn't waiting for an apology from him
but I gladly accept it and and thank you
jr. Franken and yeah do you want him to
call you sure that last course I know I
know what he meant by that like a second
date anyway and it's the whole dynamic
is
is is fascinating because we haven't
seen the accuser asked that these
accusers asked about this and yeah and
you know and going back to the photo
also the more evidence you have of
something like this the more believable
the crux of the story is so if you have
that goofy thing that that that he
thought he was being goofy about that
photo even if it isn't the offense
it makes the offense certainly seem more
credible absolutely no and I think
that's an important although again I see
the two so differently I don't know that
that really is true I see one as a
wah-wah and and it really being a stupid
idea but in that category and then the
other is a guy trying to take a shot or
something like a really know I know but
I what I mean what I mean is that you
see that there's this sort of this line
of thinking in this man's head at that
time that could not you to believe
you've done that sexualize this woman so
one other thing that I want to get to
before we go to break because this is
also an important component of the story
Al Franken took responsibility and
apologized immediately and that's what
he should do and I'm glad that he
apologized but you don't see the same
type of behavior from someone like Roy
Moore who remains defiant he has now
been accused by several women who said
that you know they were preyed upon when
they were teenagers he was banned from a
mall he was banned from a YMCA because
he was known to go to those places
looking for teen girls that he could
prey on and I mean there are people in
Alabama who knew him and knew about this
open secret talking to the media these
are not liberals these are not
progressives these are Trump supporting
Alabamans
that I say that right Alabamans
Alabamians Alabamians yes well I would
have accepted the way she said it well
you probably couldn't accept but they
say Alabama no
anyway but um supporting and they're
talking about you know what they
experienced and Roy Moore here's what he
tweeted about the Franken story today
that I thought was amazing Al Franken
admits guilt after photographic evidence
of his abuse surfaces Mitch meaning
Mitch McConnell let's investigate which
by the way - Mitch McConnell's credit he
did want to do an ethics investigation
into Al Franken and then he says in
Alabama zero L evidence allegations 100%
rejected by the way 100% rejected by
whom by you you're the only person who
rejects them and then Mitch McConnell
again to his credit says that more must
quit immediately or be expelled
so he's complaining that Mitch McConnell
is treating him similarly to how he's
treating Al Franken well then can I have
that for a second okay first of all Al
Franken is a US senator there is a
process by which you go through Roy
Moore is not so for him to say that Roy
Moore should not be a candidate should
not stand should drop out should be
expelled all those things his right to
say he's a citizen Al Franken has to go
through this process if the process is
to begin it's one that Franken wants to
go through the Chuck Schumer said he
should go through I'm gonna challenge
you on one of the things you said to his
credit he said let's investigate in
moments moments after Al Franken had
this allegation Mitch McConnell said
let's investigate when we knew about
fifteen women who accused candidate
Donald Trump of sexual harassment sexual
abuse when we saw a tape where he said
grab him by the pussy Mitch McConnell
said nothing I will you know allowed his
wife to serve in the cabinet of this man
so I think there's a spinelessness about
Mitch McConnell in this case that is
inexcusable that said the the Roy Moore
remark about a hundred percent
unbelievable they're 100 percent refuted
because people seem to be glomming on to
this stuff in the right way and more and
more accurate more accusations came out
today so they will continue and we'll
see what happens with Roy Moore but he
remains defiant refuses to you know a
pull out of the Senate race in Alabama
it
looks more it looks more either and
greater like like like Doug Jones will
be the senator from Alabama the polling
has been high as a matter of fact there
was a poll today which I actually don't
believe that said that showed that
Barack Obama's more popular in Alabama
than Roy Moore is which is astonishing
to me it's astonishing that would be
astonished rubbernecks true know that
right right yeah that's a good point
yeah that's or Barack Obama twenty one
seconds I want it's important for the
Democratic Party here all these senators
have come out and criticized Al Franken
the Democrats have to take the right
stand on this issue and if it's true and
these things happened there should be no
patience for Al Franken in in this case
because of the brand and I think and I
said this to mark earlier I think this
guarantees and these the series of
allegations should guarantee that a
woman is on the ticket in 2020 they're
at the top of the bottom of the ticket
because I think the Democrats can own
this issue and can get Women Voters to
understand I'm not apologizing that it's
politics because he's a senator and this
is politics and we're talking about
elections they should own this and show
women that they are the party that's
standing up to it while you see these
Republicans coddling this pedophile in
Alabama this accused pedophile in
Alabama so I think it's an opportunity
too and they can sacrifice al franken's
Senate seat he's a good senator with
good voting record and all of that but
he can easily be replaced by another
Democrat and I you know I pointed this
out earlier to is that keith Ellison is
a congressman from Minnesota a
possibility for their governor Mark
Dayton a former senator to appoint to
the Senate seats at Al Franken resigned
which we're not even close to having
happen and then if Roy Moore wins
and keith Ellison as the senator roy
morris serving with a muslim so there's
that
helped us build an independent media
together come join us
TYT Network aam /join
