gene Simmons who was the bassist for
kiss is not a delightful individual that
has already been established but he has
further proven that point with his
latest book and comments that he made
about women to the New York Post while
he was promoting his book now the
comments that have some people raising
their eyebrows go as follows he said
women have a choice they can dress in a
potato sack or in potato sacks but as
soon as they pretty themselves up with
lipstick lift and separate them and
point them in our general direction
they're gonna get a response guys are
jackasses
we will buy them mansions and houses all
because of sex so let me give you more
context about you know why he made that
statement his new book has to do with
becoming powerful using the power you
have wielding the power you have and his
argument is women are powerful because
they can manipulate people using their
sexuality if they're attractive enough
they can get whatever they want that is
the point that he's trying to make here
he also said in regard to women who want
to have careers and raise a family
get over your biological urges it's
natural to want to have kids but sorry
you can't have it both ways you have to
commit to either career or family it's
very difficult to have both okay so
there was a follow-up to all of this but
I want to open it up to you guys this is
like the FX of man flaming if I've ever
seen it and it's also not a new concept
or a new argument there was a book that
came out in 2011 called erotic capital
the power of attraction from the
boardroom to the bedroom by this woman
named Katherine Hakim and the problem
with this is twofold one is like if you
invest in the idea of erotic capital
let's just say we are we're following
this this through line it's something
you invest in that's going to depreciate
in value right with the way that
aesthetics are set up for women like
incredibly unfair and then too it's a
double mind which is if you are
attractive then you have to deal with
the sexual harrass
angle so you really don't move forward
and if you use that capital to get
something you're getting still 50 out 70
cents on the dollar to a man's dollar
right well I think I think what's also
interesting is Oh for the women who do
feel comfortable wielding that power
because there's a little element of
truth to what he said I'm not gonna deny
it right yes I do think that attractive
women could use that power to get
certain things but that actually
backfires significantly all the time
because you will be accused of not
earning something based on your mind or
merits it's oh she she must have done
XYZ sexual favors it's because she's
pretty you will be degraded and
belittled and minimized for the
remainder of your career and women who
who are conventionally attractive who
don't use that power are still accused
that's right
and it also penalizes women who are not
conventionally attractive right so where
do they fare in this logic that he's
outlined it's also interesting that the
argument still maintains that men are
distributing the power right so you can
get power by getting it from us
right we're still doling it out such a
good point you can get that power if you
present your way yourself in a way that
we like yeah that's that's essentially
what he's saying there and so he
recently went on The Today Show and the
fine ladies of the Today Show called him
out on his comments and here's what he
had to say take a look you were quoted
in the New York Post as saying this you
ready
these are your words women have a choice
they can dress in potato sacks but as
soon as they pretty themselves up with
lip sticks
lift lift and separate them and point
them in our general direction they're
gonna get a response blah blah blah blah
so god here's the reality Ida I'm aware
of the rules I didn't create them so you
can try this yourself I didn't I'm not
saying life is fair what I'm saying is
the male of the species is visually
stimulated that's life and so you have
power the power of being a female and
you can access that power to make more
money
wait so given the climate given
everything that's going
you're saying that if a woman dresses
the way she wants that dress is the way
she wants you I'm dressing the way I
want I'm not doing it to get a reaction
from Dave or can argue about that once
we get offstage we if you were on a
tropical island the chances are you
probably wouldn't put on lipstick we
appreciate it we want you to be as
attractive as possible for us and for
each other so this is not politically
correct conversation folks dress in a
potato sack why you have the choice in
life why would I have to make that
choice I'm not being confrontational I'm
on your side I want women to have all
the power they can have what I'm
pointing out is your looks how you dress
how you present yourself is an outreach
and extension of the power that you have
we can't do that men can't do that we
have to build skyscrapers and thereby
try to be more attractive to you your
actual female self is your power so you
have a choice of implementing that power
or not that's up to you I mean it's up
to us
yeah but you made a really good point
which is not only our men in this
framework the purveyors of distributing
power but they are defining what power
looks like because in this model it's
not power it's domination it's that
agency to be able to have power over
somebody and to be able to manipulate
them so for me I have a different
definition of power and it doesn't fit
within that framework because I don't
want to live by patriarchy and at the
end of the day it's also it's it's
dangerous to men I mean this is what he
was saying too we have to build
skyscrapers to be attractive to you who
wants to live within that kind of system
where we're all degraded and reduced
down to either our looks or ability to
exploit people to make money yeah you
know I I like that you brought that up
because what he says isn't just
insulting to women it's also insulting
to men because he thinks that all men
are like these like primitive like Apes
that can't control themselves and they
can't think for themselves and they have
no interest and you know an intelligent
conversation with a woman or her talents
or anything they're only interested in
seeing a woman with lipstick and make
and with by the way in his original
statement he talks about lifting and
separating them and pointing them in our
general direction she's talking about
breasts somehow women's breasts okay he
thinks that's all men care about that
that's the only thing that they ever act
on it's so incredibly like simplistic
and insulting to both genders yeah and I
mean it assumes one saying women need to
resist our biological urges in terms of
that dichotomy between motherhood and
yeah and the workplace is ridiculous but
let's talk about men's biological urges
okay like if we're gonna talk about
urges also it it presents women as only
being interested in men's ability to
produce capital and not actually like
interested right a lot of men don't
build skyscrapers like let's start there
also women like visual stimulation like
I know we like all of these are so many
wrong things and you know his argument
that you know I didn't make the rules
like I'm that's such a lazy argument
like you're complicit and men change
rules when they don't like them so you
can't just say like uh it's just this is
what it is
so this is how we got a be like y'all
change stuff when it benefits you yeah
you're benefiting from the system so
yeah and not only does he benefit I mean
he's saying I'm I didn't write the rules
um okay but you're reinforcing you know
these stereotypes and you're profiting
from it by pushing and reinforcing them
in your book it's just it he's not again
necessarily like Edward I don't I don't
think that he is illustrative of you
know men in general at all but I do
think that he symbolizes like this
old-school backwards way of thinking
that you know some people still like
push for I have had a number of
conversations with people today about
this particular story and with a lot of
guys to be specific and you know a lot
of guys are on the right side but
they're like but isn't he also being
more insulting toward men because he's
saying that we can't control ourselves
yeah but he's also saying that the
number one like the main capital that
women have is their breasts and their
lips no
and does a strange like about-face at
the at the end of the interview where
he's like oh I'm on your side I want you
to have all the Equality in the pecs
like what yeah I know I mean the drugs
and the years and the you know the the
stuck in the 1980s yeah not like a
representative sample but some of these
ideas are pretty salient if you remember
the Young Turks you not only get the
whole to our Young Turks show on demand
anytime you want ad free but you also
get so many other shows old-school
you'll love it
aggressive progressive for guys who are
true progressives now also nerd alert
for gaming intact what the flick for
movie reviews you will love it
check it out right now at TYT Network
comm slash join
