washington-dc could join Hollywood as
the next site of potentially multiple
sexual assault and sexual harassment
charges today the house held a sexual
harassment committee meeting where
people came forward and talked about
their experience either as
representative senators also as interns
people staffing for many of the offices
in DC and some of those experiences are
scary on their own but could certainly
come with some legal charges in the near
future perhaps here is a mash-up of
those stories that when I was a freshman
legislator in my 20s in Missouri as a
member of the House of Representatives I
went up on the Dyess to ask the Speaker
of the House if for advice on how to get
my first bill out of committee and he
asked me if I'd brought my kneepads
that's one example this is about a
member who is here now I don't know who
it is but somebody who I trust told me
this situation this member asked a
staffer to bring them over some
materials to their residence and the
young staffer is a young woman went
there and was greeted with a member in a
towel was a male who then invited her in
at that point he decided to expose
himself she left and then she quit her
job she left she found another job yeah
I mean when I was an intern I learned to
avoid elevators because elevators were
when you were captured and so after one
unfortunate incident in the elevator I
began taking the stairs everything
everywhere I went in the State Capitol
when I was there as a college student I
was eager to present a proposal to him
that I had been working on and I did so
in his office it was just he and I and
as I got up to leave he stopped me and
said my god you just look amazing today
you know just really stunning
would you mind twirling for me twirl
like like spinning round in a circle yes
I had a dress suit on
at the time and I was stunned but I was
22 years old I was inexperienced and I
respected him he was my member he was
doing a lot of good work in Congress and
I complied I didn't know what else to do
I was confused after the incident I went
to sit down at my desk and just kind of
regroup when shortly thereafter I
received a phone call from our
Washington office saying well Rebecca
congratulations I don't know what you
did but Gary called and said that you
needed to have a bonus immediately and I
was so furious at the time because I
knew exactly what I did I twirled in
fact there are two members of Congress
Republican and Democrat right now who
serve who have been subject to review or
not have been subject to review but have
engaged in sexual harassment these
harasser propositions such as are you
going to be a good girl to perpetrators
exposing their genitals to victims
having their private parts grabbed on
the House floor and so Jackie Speier
right there at the end also said that
when she was just starting her career in
politics the chief of staff and her
office sexually assaulted her and so it
feels to me and I think to a lot of
people like this is just the beginning
like we know that what leads to this
sort of behavior is unbridled power and
Hollywood had that it had the the
culture that protected these people and
allowed this sort of thing to go on and
we know that stuff like this happens in
DC and I mean these are not simply like
hey something happened decades ago
people currently serving have sexually
harassed and assaulted people and I
think that this is the moment where this
sort of thing could come out and I would
not be surprised that and there's
precedent for this like packwood back in
the 90s that people lose their careers
understandably justifiably so because of
what they have done once people start
coming forward for all we know there are
reporters compiling these stories into
bombshell reports that in a week or a
month or a year are going to
take down people look I have in DC needs
it I have no doubt that the identities
of the people that were recently accused
will somehow be leaked we'll figure it
out right but this is something that's
been going on in our current Congress
that apparently some members of Congress
have known about and just think about
how deeply rooted fear is when it comes
to identifying these individuals now I'm
not criticizing them for not wanting to
come forward and identify them that is
their their decision to make right but
at the same time it's just it's so
important to hold them accountable and
call them out because if you don't then
you you know the behavior continues they
think that they can continuously
victimize other people without any
consequences because they recognize
their power and they recognize the fear
that others have in in identifying who
they are so again I've said this a
billion times when it comes to all of
these sexual assault stories that have
been coming out I don't care if it's a
democrat or republican their political
ideology is completely irrelevant to me
when it comes to you know this type of
predatory behavior yeah it's the it's a
setup it's the makeup of the system you
know so of course again and this there's
last stimulators between Hollywood and
DC when I was there the first couple
times I went and had friends that worked
was during the W's administration and
she was like oh yeah you know
politicians around here it's like
Hollywood she went to schools me out
here in LA so she had a direct
comparison and she goes they're like
celebrities when they're approached or
wouldn't have recognized out somewhere
they're like yeah you know I am the same
way you'd see a celebrity maybe and in a
suck they take it in but then they'd
look around like I'm so much this so
when they know they have power over
certain people and they wield it their
similarities is just human nature that
people like to do asshole human nature
in taking advantage of people to get
their rocks off whichever way they'd
like to and they've been getting away
with it since forever obviously and this
is what's gonna finally change it the
system allowed it to happen so people
who are victims of it I mean the woman I
was Rebecca Weir and then she felt
horrible about just it was a norm
thing that just happens yeah and she's
like suddenly she has a bonus and then
at the end of that she also said and I
needed it so everyone knows that they
barely pay folks then they used them for
their own gratification and the system
just keeps moving yeah yeah and we know
I mean one of the reasons that initially
there wasn't much done about the
allegations of those in Hollywood is
because there's huge sums of money on
the line like Harvey Weinstein's power
isn't like a physical power it's a
financial and influence power and every
one of those people who they were
alluded to in the video you just saw
they have not only the power
theoretically over people's careers like
Harvey Weinstein and some of the other
people accused do but they have literal
government power influence over those in
the executive branch I mean the people
coming out and accusing Roy Moore said
that they didn't want to come forward
because he was the DA he was a judge he
was influential think about a senator
think about a representative and there
will be defenders of them the same way
there are still defenders of Roy Moore
because a lot of people will say sure I
would love it if people weren't getting
sexually assaulted but I gotta have my
majority in Congress and I'm not gonna
jeopardize that just to stand by my
supposed principles and so as more of
these stories come out and I really hope
that reporters are digging into it
expect that the defenders will be there
and everybody who comes out makes
allegations is putting everything on the
line for it because just like with Roy
Moore they will stop at nothing to
destroy you and as what Ana said the
public and Democrats so everyone I was
watching be prepared to be disappointed
and if again if you're right and these
names will come out more people fairly
be disappointed some of the names you
will hear there can be representatives
it can be your Senators and it give me
people that you liked and things that
you like what they've done and
legislative but they still many as we're
hearing have done this stuff so be
prepared and don't be ready to defend
them just because you like them what
they seem to be and it's likely to be
from both Republicans and Democrats
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network comm
/join
