we have four new just the stomach rats
bringing the total to 30 - man we are
not playing around and these are some
excellent candidates wait till you get a
load of these folks I want to show you
the new slate now it includes the two
senatorial candidates Alison Hartson in
California apologies virgin in West
Virginia but the four people with the
yellow tabs are the new candidates that
I'm going to tell you about right now
and you're gonna love them okay first of
all if you won't contribute to those
four new candidates just Democrats comm
/ too strong and as you're gonna see
someone we're gonna win and I love that
they're on our team so let me show you
the first one Antoinette Sedillo Lopez
she is running in New Mexico's first
District so what's her story well she
was executive director of enlace
comunitario she that was an anti
domestic about an anti domestic violence
nonprofit that serves all of central New
Mexico but also does outreach to the
Latino community make sure that they're
okay she served as a law professor at
University of New Mexico for over 27
years but here's the thing she's gonna
win she's already raised over three
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
she's a leader in this race she is a
true progressive she is endorsed by Raul
Grijalva and Jamie Raskin - progressive
lions in the House of Representatives
the current representative there is
Michelle Lujan Grisham
but she's stepping down so it's an open
seat it's democrat plus seven which
means democrats are very very likely to
weigh so there's no excuse for not
having a progressive strong voice in
that seat oftentimes people the
Democratic Party will make excuses about
oh but no we had to make sure it's a
purple thing or we had to make sure that
this corporate Democrat won't know she's
got she's the leader in the race she's
got the most money in the race taking
away all excuses and you guys contribute
to her you volunteered towards her
you're gonna put her over the top and
she's gonna win so we're gonna get these
people in Congress this is what change
looks like just one of the four
but first let me just give you her quote
because I loved it she said I am honored
to become a justice Democrat and have
their support in our fight to deliver a
progressive change for the working
people of this district with their help
we will continue to build our campaigns
momentum and develop the grassroots
movement needed to win in 2018 that is
exactly right so support Lopez let's get
real progressive in New Mexico there so
she is the leading candidate and it
would be wonderful if she was in
Congress remember just Democrats are the
uncorrupted no corporate PAC money okay
so you can trust her that she's gonna do
the right thing she believes in the just
Democratic platform and she believes
that you need to be a strong progressive
and not serve the donors that's why it's
your small donor money that makes a
difference
now wait to get a load on the next guy
James Thompson so if you don't know
about James he nearly pulled off a
miracle in Kansas he was running against
Ron Estes who's a Republican there and
that seat was a 20-point Republican
advantage in the middle of Kansas
so everybody saw that's not possible and
and it was too it was a special election
to replace one of trumps appointments
and and he only had 80 days he had no
name recognition it's a 20-point lead
for the Republicans he can't win there's
six points in just a couple of weeks
with no name recognition this time he's
coming loaded for bear he's got over
nine hundred and seven thousand dollars
already he's the leading candidate on
the Democratic side he almost caught the
Republican last time this time he's
gonna finish the job
because he's now got a year to campaign
people know his name people are behind
him our revolution is supporting him and
now he is a justice Democrat let me read
you his quote I'm honored to join the
Justice Democrats my campaign is focused
on the people first policies our party
needs to uphold I know if we stay true
to our progressive values we can elect
Democrats across the country it's
exciting to be part of a team that puts
people over party works to get dark
money out of politics and ensures
constitutional rights of every man woman
and child in America I will fight like
hell to win in 2018 and being part of
the Justice Democrats team is a huge
boost of momentum to the movement we
built here in Kansas I love it
the uncorrupted get money out of
politics get the dark money out get it
all out get the big donor money out no
corporate PACs these guys cannot be
bought okay so they represent you guys
you're their small donors you are their
voters you're the guys that they're
gonna fight for just like James Thompson
said if we win in Kansas they're in a
seat that was that heavily Republican
there's no end to where we can win in
America and he's this close put him over
the top and he could be a congressman
and shake up the whole Congress from
that area so by hey go to the just
Democrats that come over all check out
all their websites I want you to and
we'll have links to all their websites
in the in the video description box
below and just Democrats that come slash
too strong to make sure that you guys
said that's all so that will be in the
link down below to make sure that they
have enough small donor money to win
wait till you get a lot of the next guy
this guy's a world beater his name is
Connie Ella Inge he's a Hawaii's first
District this guy's amazing he's 28
years old and wait till I get a load of
his history okay so he's launched on
Monday he's the first one this is gonna
be an open seat as well Hawaii's heavily
heavily Democratic colleen Hanabusa is
running for governor so that's why it's
open he's the leader in the race and he
is a super strong progressive let me
show you some of his accomplishments
already
he passed same-day voter registration
for the first time in Hawaii how's that
man there you go get people registered
get him to vote building Hawaii's first
100% renewable energy high school I'm
gonna write you this guy's twenty eight
how did he get all this stuff done wait
till you hear the story what he did in
his first election he helped to legalize
industrial hemp to face our big business
sugar plantations it was any fought to
democratize farmers water access serving
as a youngest share of the ocean marine
resource in Hawaiian affair
committee unreal so how do you get in
office he started running when he was 22
but he had no chance because he's in the
one he was in the one state district in
Hawaii that was heavily Republican in
fact it was represented by a tea party
guy a tea party Republican and this
guy's no money he worked in the
literally in the pineapple fields
growing up came out of poverty so native
got a Hawaiian through it through how
did he do it he literally climb gates he
knocked on are you ready for this
fifteen thousand doors by himself this
time around you're gonna help him okay
he's gonna have volunteers he's gonna
have your donations you guys are gonna
do it together but wait how did he beat
the tea party Republican if this is the
one Republican you know area of Hawaii
not only did he beat him you could see
what the score was at then the 2012
election at the age of 23 he got 61% and
George Fontaine got only 35% that was
the incumbent he crushed the incumbent
in a race they said he had no chance of
winning you run as a strong Chris he ran
is the strongest progressive in Hawaii
okay I guess a guy who had won the
district as a tea party Republican if
you run is a strong uncorrupted
progressive there's no end to what you
can accomplish that's exactly what the
Justice Democrats are about in fact I
love his quote he said I'm a justice
Democrat because I believe that when
Democrats put people before profits
reject big money corporate corruption
and fight for working families we win I
was first elected in 2012 at 23 years
old by taking on corporate establishment
in both parties I personally knocked on
15,000 doors and won by a landslide
despite being grossly outspent by the
way I should pause here to tell you you
know how much he was outspent
ten to one his opponent and incumbent
outspent them ten to one but he out
worked his opponent he went and knocked
on all those doors over and over again
and he won man that's an amazing story
but let me keep going with this quote he
said I've been at justice Democrat
before it was even a thing I have earned
establishment induced battle scars to
prove it
standing together we will take our
progressive values to DC shake up the
establishment and return the Democratic
Party to its progressive roots what did
I tell you guys you're gonna love these
candidates they don't take any big
corporate money they work for you and
they are warriors that's exactly what
Connie eller Angus last one from today's
announcement says Samina Mustafa she's
running an Illinois fifth district she
has managed Planned Parenthood area
clinic on west side of Chicago she's not
running away from Planned Parenthood
like some establishment Democrats she's
running towards it she worked there she
also founded hand her the mic
it's a dedicated empowering woman of
color through comedy and the list goes
on and on yeah in that district you
already have a Democrat his name is Mike
Quigley but he's against Medicare for
all and he's almost completely
inaccessible to his voters and most of
this funding comes from super PACs and
corporations that district is d+ 17 you
know what that means the Democrats have
a 17 point advantage there why do we
have a corporate Democrat who won't even
talk to his voters in a district like
that the Republicans were never
tolerated they'd get somebody that was
hard right wing in our case the
progressive positions if you look at the
just Democrats that are a massage
platform you will see that almost all
those positions have at least 60%
approval in the country it's not just
that their progressive positions they're
deeply popular positions so why not have
an actual progressive in that race who's
uncorrupted and that's Samina Mustafa
one more time guys you're the ones that
make this happen you either make it
happen or you don't
they either get your support and they
win or they don't it's all up to you so
justice Democrats calm / too strong
all the links will be in the description
box when we put this up on YouTube and
other platforms you got to go and and
show up and you are the cavalry and
together we're gonna change this
Congress and I'm telling you right now
we're gonna change this world this is
how you do it of course when we announce
the group
they didn't believe now we've got 32
incredibly strong justice Democratic
candidates and more to come
watch out establishment we are coming
support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
calm / join
