the global climate project recently
released data indicating that even
though carbon emissions had flatlined
between 2014 and 2016 unfortunately the
statistics show that carbon emissions
recently have jumped up so to give you
the details on that new projections
suggest that emissions in 2016 are
likely to increase warding the drive
toward keeping the global temperatures
from continuing to rise so there are a
number of different factors but one
thing to keep in mind is that when it
comes to the Paris climate Accord for
instance yes the United States pulled
out that is problematic the United
States is also undoing some of the
environmental regulations that were
passed under the Obama administration
but there are other countries who signed
the agreement who aren't necessarily
putting action behind what they said
that they would do and so that is
obviously a concern that should be
looked into also keep in mind that other
countries have replied to the fact that
Donald Trump has pulled out of the
climate Accord Syria and Nicaragua who
originally did not want to be part of
the agreement are now stepping in and
they're saying that they will do what's
necessary to cut carbon emissions so as
far as the Paris climate Accords and the
rest of the world agreeing we have
become the sole rogue nation Nicaragua
to be fair thought that the climate
Accords were not tough enough so they
were hesitant to join because they
wanted to go further so give credit to
Nicaragua their Syria on the other hand
was another holdout saying uh I mean
it's funny
there's legitimate concerns that the
government of Syria has gas its own
people yet but by the end they're like
no climate change is really bad I know
it we have the sign because we're
actually poisoning the whole planet and
we're all going to die not just our
enemies right right and so now even the
butcher in Syria has signed on and by
the way duterte and other butchers
signed on Russia signed on maybe
you should tell Trump to sign on maybe
then he'll do it yeah absolutely and and
by the way I mean China is really
stepping up when it comes to renewable
energy and it's really helping their
economy because they're the leaders when
it comes to hydro plants when it comes
to solar energy wind energy and so we're
letting them take the lead China's
winning China's winning that's a good
way to motivate Trump the Grand
Ayatollah in Iran signed on all of the
northern European countries signed on
all this other European countries signed
on everyone but US has signed on to help
the planet so Trump stands alone as the
one person who is saying I will under no
circumstances work with the rest of the
world he's bought he's corrupt he has
the oil donors and he's gonna serve them
no matter how much damage it causes the
entire planet and by the way I don't
want to just say that so we should begin
to help but we should also note that as
good at work as China has done on on
some of the renewable energies they are
still emitting way too much yes carbon
and so is India and those are huge
problems and part of the reason for the
rise in carbon now and unfortunately the
US and Europe our level of carbon is not
falling nearly as much as we had
promised so we all have to do better to
make sure that we can actually save the
planet and all of us human beings seems
like a fair request and everyone in the
world but Trump agrees if you like this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
