Trump made a lot of news during his tour
to Asia and drink the Association of
Southeast Asian Nations it was a summit
in the Philippines there was this fun
little ritual or tradition that they do
where you know world leaders do this
handshake and it's not really that
complicated right hand over left hand
and then you do a handshake with the
world leaders next to you and it's
supposed to show unity
however Trump seemed to struggle a
little bit with that and it made some
news so without further ado let's take a
look at the video and now for the ASEAN
handshake right over left in 1 2 & 3
okay first of all that's super awkward
and and to be fair to Trump uh I think I
probably would have screwed it up no I
know I look I don't really care like I I
think most people would cuz you're like
you know I don't know it's just it's
awkward as it as it is and maybe they
didn't hear the instructions when it was
read no no like it's that that's the
only tiny tiny criticism of Trump right
that he doesn't do any of his homework
like if they told like I'm sure they
tell the president hey by the way you're
gonna do awkward handshake where you're
like doing this right he's a guy yeah
it's not a treat I don't care yeah I
would yeah I would have been like wait
what are we doing which hit what okay
and you know I'm awkward with physical
stuff so I would have been like okay
which one goes over which anyway let's
show you the pictures because most
people get we're actually more fair to
Trump as most people haven't seen the
video and they've seen the pictures this
looks awesome and hilarious I know I
think my favorite thing about it is his
facial expression oh God because you
know he he real face
he realized he he got it wrong and you
know I think he made the same kind of
not the same kind of face but most
people when they're struggling with
something publicly will make a face and
Trump is very expressive and so if you
watched the video he makes like this
face before he does like this ridiculous
fake smile like but he should cut this
handshake out this you know unity in
Asia I'm not buying it everybody
struggling with it okay this story does
not mean much okay don't make much of it
it's just fun that's all support
independent media come join us at the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
