ROI more the Senate candidate in Alabama
is facing yet another allegation from a
woman who claims that she had been
sexually assaulted by him decades ago
now she said that when she was assaulted
by him she was only 16 years old and
working as a waitress in Alabama at a
place known as the Old Hickory house
where Roy Moore was a regular customer
now she identified herself in a press
conference along with her lawyer Gloria
Allred her name is Beverly young Nelson
and the new accuser told a news
conference in New York that mr. Moore
attacked her when she was 16 and he was
a prosecutor in Etowah County Alabama
apparently he stayed until after closing
hours and she was waiting for her
boyfriend a pick her up she says that
her boyfriend was late and at that point
Roy Moore offered her a ride home but
instead of taking her home she claimed
that he drove to the back of the
restaurant and then assaulted her she
said I tried fighting him off while
yelling at him to stop but instead of
stopping he began squeezing my neck
attempting to force my head onto his
crotch
she said mr. Moore then warned her that
no one will believe you if she told
anyone about the encounter in his car
and she he essentially told her look I'm
the district attorney you're just a
teenager no one's gonna believe your
story and I just wanna give the exact
quote according to her cuz it's ooh he
said you're just a child I'm the
district attorney if you tell anyone
about this no one will ever believe you
if she's just a child
you might not have wanted to sexually
assault her in the back of a parking lot
but this is by the way a trump voter her
husband's a trump voter she says this
has nothing to do with politics she's a
Republican from Alabama it's like but he
did this he did it he had quote unquote
flirted with her throughout when she was
15 years old working in that restaurant
in that restaurant he would pull on our
hair yeah and he would constantly say
make comments about her appearance and
how pretty she was he was in his
30s she was 15 she says she was not
interested because he was literally more
than twice her age
yeah what's interesting is his response
to these allegations now he says that he
is going to go after the Washington Post
because that was the publication that
broke the story of all these allegations
against him last week but at the same
time he doesn't really deny these
allegations he just says yeah I know I
knew these women and I tried to kiss
them but I didn't do anything wrong so
let me be clear so there was the
original four allegations in the
Washington Post story today Beverly
young Nelson is the fifth right the of
the first four he says yeah there's 16
and 18 year olds I when I was in my 30s
I dated them because I liked beautiful
young girls including the
sixteen-year-old and he made out with
her okay and and he says what that's all
he says the only one he doesn't know is
the fourteen-year-old who says she
stripped him down to her underwear he
got naked and tried to get her to touch
his crotch and he groped her he says
that's the one I just don't have
recollection of her hmm she has a
recollection of you and and now even
other Republicans say that they believe
the woman and not wrong more right so
one of those Republicans is actually
Mitch McConnell and during a press
conference he addressed this whole
controversy and here's what he had to
say
as very step down from that Senate race
I didn't I think you should step aside
more to prove these false vs. someone to
prove that these are true in this
situation or do you believe these
allegations to be true I believe the
women yes Wow
that's yeah that was a pretty strong
statement and there were other
statements from other senators that I'll
get to in just a minute but Roy Moore is
not buying it he has responded to Mitch
McConnell in the form of a tweet because
that's what people do these days and he
said the person who should step aside is
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
he has failed conservatives and must be
replaced
hashtag drain the swamp I think that's
what got you in trouble right so I said
Wow
because in this day and age it is
surprising borderline shocking to have a
Republican leader say that he would not
support another Republican now in this
case the Republican appears to be a
child molester
but even so it's still shocking it
because the Republicans have stood by
their guys in almost every instance no
matter what Desjarlais in Tennessee
three abortions including with his
mistress they're like he's our guy
that's Family Values abortions are no
problem in Republicans do it and
mistresses are no problem when
Republicans do it Donald Trump bragging
about sexual assault on tape clear as
day they stood by him so why are they
flipping on Roy Moore now look if they
flip on him and they try to write-in
candidate or something that is going to
be very difficult to pull off and it
looks like the Democrats have an
excellent chance of winning this seat
now so why it's not because all of a
sudden the Republicans woke up one day
were like oh yeah more oh we forgot to
be moral like Family Values right right
right trauma less Asian bad right no the
reason is Virginia this is the elections
that just happen in Virginia and they
realized Gillespie ran on the Trump
thing of Oh anti-immigrant and the
Latinos are coming in them Muslims are
coming Center and it didn't work and he
lost to a really mediocre Democratic
candidate which they had a lot of hope
he would be and then they got killed in
the lower level elections and so their
conclusion was maybe Trump can pull off
being Trump but the rest of us can yeah
so that's that's actually a really great
point and and one thing that you have to
keep in mind is that the primary races
are very different from you know running
in in the general election right in
these state seats and in this case you
had Roy Moore go go against Luther
strange who was a more moderate
candidate and Roy Moore won because he
did play this like extremist like trump
card but that's not necessarily gonna
resonate with all the people of Alabama
so you know and even so look he might if
these allegations didn't come out he
probably would have won anyway but and
he and he's even before we had suspected
him of being a child molester he had
already said Muslims should not be
allowed in Congress that means you don't
believe in the US Constitution any you
know let alone his views on on gay
Americans etcetera etcetera so there
bungs already knew that were were like
yeah that's great
discriminate against Muslims that's
awesome discriminate against gays we
love it no problem at all and almost
certainly woulda won in Alabama but
remember all these senators on the
Republican side aren't all from Alabama
so the one of the first guys to turn was
the Republican senator from Colorado he
not gonna win in Colorado if he's
running on a pro Chama list ticket but
no it's okay I'm a Christian
conservative that you know will imprison
you're the women if they have abortions
that's not gonna play well in Colorado
so he was like pull the chute I saw what
happened geniu turns out trumpeting was
an anomaly I gotta get out of here now
they're looking to save their own ass
also I just wanted to give some credit
to a gentleman on Twitter I'm sorry your
name escapes me at the moment but I
thanked you on Twitter made an excellent
point about how the GOP launched this
war again against transgender rights
because they were so concerned about
trans individuals sexually assaulting
women in bathrooms
hmm I mean projection 101 it's me
it turns out that
you didn't have to worry about
transgender people
you just had to worry about Republican
Senate candidates so Roy Moore caught
doing all this terrible things to young
women I mean the 16 year old in the car
he's trying to force her head down she's
screaming remember he got kicked out of
the Alabama Supreme Court because he in
he got kicked out twice but the first
time was because of the Ten Commandment
right he said I you know even though
America is supposed to live by a
constitution I don't care I wanted to
live by the Ten Commandments when the
Ten Commandments doesn't talk about
molesting young girls and how that's
okay and attacking them and and trying
to force yourself onto that okay I don't
remember that in the Ten Commandments
then the same time he got kicked out of
the Alabama Supreme Court is because he
said that it was an abomination to give
gay people the same rights as straight
people because gay people are immoral
gay people are immoral but Roy Moore who
knows that he's been date in his words
dating 16 year olds when he was in his
30s
he's a very moral man and says the
fourteen-year-old and the other 16 year
old that said that they assaulted them
no that part's not necessarily yeah the
16 year old he's even quite deny yet
that the last one would think the one in
the car okay yeah so the next time when
you see a guy talking about family
values
unfortunately nine out of ten times it
means he's a super bad guy and and we've
seen it as a thousand times over and
over and over again it's usually the
guys are the darkest secrets who keep
moralizing to others and judging others
and saying that other people are not as
morally righteous as they are and
there's a reason why they do that
because it's they're trying to make sure
that nobody finds out what they've been
up to so they just project out they take
their weakness and try to turn it into a
strength all other people are bad with
their morals and they do illicit sexual
things
oh I judge you no no when you see a guy
like Roy Moore next time you know god
knows what he's done in a car somewhere
in a bathroom and and they're sick and
depraved things that Republicans like
that have been off too
while you weren't looking if you like
The Young Turks you love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
