Donald Trump addressed whether or not he
trusts the US intelligence community
over Putin's word and unsurprisingly he
was very clear that if Putin says that
he didn't meddle in the election then
he's gonna go ahead and believe Putin
let me give you his exact quotes he was
quoted as saying that hey he said he
didn't meddle
I asked him again you can only ask so
many times every time he sees me he says
I didn't do that and I believe I really
believe that when he tells me that he
means it
so again Putin Trump there is talking
about Putin he's like well I asked him
if he meddled are you saying no so I'm
gonna go ahead and believe him okay so a
couple things here number one they then
asked Putin's press secretary Dmitry
Peskov did they discuss elections and
meddling when Putin and Trump talked and
he said no they never discussed it so
that's interesting
either the Russians are lying for some
bizarre reason when Trump is trying to
cover for them or Trump just said that
Putin denied it even though they never
even talked about it do you think that
Trump actually went and asked Putin for
the third time he didn't ask okay yeah
anyway that's a small part of it you
could say no no no the Russians are
lying they're always liars
except Trump says know what Putin told
me a couple of times
why would Putin lie so to me that's even
Mormon come on you're a trump supporter
if you are using Putin's always telling
the truth and that if you just ask a guy
who's ordered the execution of
journalists and political opponents hey
are you telling the truth and he says
yes I am that you should believe him
come I hope you're not even that stupid
you are you that stupid no I look I want
to reiterate that there needs to be more
emphasis on Trump's financial dealings
with the Russians okay because all the
emphasis on this special counsel and
this investigation has to do with
possible collusion because that's what
the DNC and the Democrats are obsessed
with right they want to prove that
there's collusion you know to come up
with excuses and not have to take
ownership of the fact that they had a
terrible candidate and they need to
change their ways
what's more concerning to me is whether
or not there are financial dealings here
that lead to a gigantic conflict of
interest and whether or not that is
influencing Trump's behavior in regard
to Russia and Putin right because it's
it's it just seems so obvious to me
homeboy won't release his tax returns
release your tax returns why is he so
afraid to release them and he attacks
everyone except Putin exact when it
comes to Putin all of a sudden he's like
huh all of a sudden he's a beta and a
 so so Putin said it I believe him I
believe my Putin is such a good guy why
would Putin lie I asked them to turn I
can't ask him anymore I can't ask him
anymore
what are you all money oh maybe oh
there's more though there's more let me
give you some more of his quotes again
this is Trump talking about Putin he
says I mean give me a break they are
political hacks referring to our
intelligence communities okay so he's
talking about Jim clapper and John
Brennan so you you look at it I mean you
have Brennan you have clapper and you
have Comey
Comey is proven now to be a liar and he
has proven now to be a leaker so you
look at that and you have President
Putin very strongly vehemently says that
he had nothing to do with them
oh okay so Putin says that he had
nothing to do with it so let's just go
ahead and believe him over our own
intelligence organizations keep in mind
like you hear accusations of unpatriotic
behavior from the right wing in regard
to those on the left over and over again
you don't support every war you're
unpatriotic you don't do everything that
the right wing wants you're unpatriotic
you have the president of the United
States basically talking crap about our
own intelligence community and you know
putting Vladimir Putin on a pedestal
it's insane so like you say hey didn't
or those guys work for Obama the ones
that Trump named yes but they also
worked for Republicans so throughout
their entire careers and and and I have
criticized clapper and Brennan to no end
because they were part of the
warrantless wiretapping it started under
Bush it continued under Obama
they they've messed with our rights over
and over again and we've been consistent
on our criticism of what our
intelligence community is doing wrong
James Comey is right winger James Comey
was the number two person at John
Ashcroft Justice Department under george
w bush he's a massive right winger so
now he has investigated republicans and
democrats which i think is fair to give
him credit for and he has stood up to
republicans and democrats at different
times in his career and you know I think
that there's some reason to give him
credit for that and if you said to me
hey do you trust everything those three
set I'd say no way it depends on what
are we talking about warrantless
wiretapping or you know etc right but if
you said to me do you believe those guys
or the guy in Russia who has taken over
the government imprison all of his
political opponents murdered some of
them murdered any journalists who dared
to to expose what he's doing
stripped a local democracy away from the
Russian government that's a no-brainer
and and so yes of course we care about
the particulars of this particular case
but there is no evidence that would lead
a reasonable human being to say no no if
Putin says that he is telling the truth
by definition he must be telling the
truth
whereas our own intelligence guys are
all liars yeah on every issue including
this one that's a preposterous statement
if a Democrat had gone around saying our
intelligence agents agents are all liars
yeah but I love the Russian leader and
since he told me that he's a good guy I
believe him he would have been tarred
and feathered and run out of town call
the Communists a traitor etc right he's
doing it right in front of our eyes
again I always look if you're not a
trump supporter you get this is so super
obvious to you but I'm always amazed by
the Trump supporters who think like know
who need who needs freedom
have I ever argued for freedom no I'm a
republic I never argued for freedom
Putin being a guy who suppresses freedom
in his own countries awesome
that's great what and I and did I ever
say I was for critical thinking I'm not
for critical thinking I will bow my head
a trip to Putin
whatever he says I mean really are you
really that pathetic well you know if
you want to talk about the issue of
freedom there is a troubling trend with
Trump having this admiration for
dictatorial individuals like Putin and
Rodrigo Duterte from the Philippines
right and we're gonna get to that story
later but it worries me who he is more
likely to be chummy with and who he's
more likely to be insanely critical of
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
