Donald Trump's Health and Human Services
Secretary stepped downtown price for
corruption
he kept using private jets on your dime
there's something that Tom price had
complained about before he had an
opportunity to do it and he did it all
day all night that's why I just have to
step down hypocrisy and corruption
through the roof so that's okay
Trump's gonna announce a new HHS
secretary let's find out who it is
he says happy to announce I am
nominating Alex's are to be the next HHS
secretary he will be a star for better
health care and lower drug prices really
well that sounds positive right I mean
Trump promised lower drug prices on the
campaign trail he said he would fight
the drug makers and make sure that they
we can the government could negotiate
with them it hasn't happened yet
maybe Azhar is activists maybe he has
held the drug companies accountable
before and that's why he's a good pick
it could be I mean remember as how Post
points out and promising to combat high
drug prices Trump has been critical of
drug companies saying that they are
quote getting away with murder
and threatening quote some very major
lawsuits against people and against
companies that are hurting our people so
Trump is ready to go after those drug
companies that are hurting our people
okay they're getting away with murder
so as are as obviously held those guys
accountable let's find out what its are
did for a living
Azhar until January was an executive a
drug maker Eli Lilly what wait I thought
he was gonna hold them accountable he
worked as a president Eli Lilly that
doesn't sound like he's holding them
accountable
okay well let's find out specifically
what he did because maybe he was the
internal cop and he said okay lower the
drug prices nope turns out he led Lilly
public affairs and lobbying efforts oh
great he was a lobbyist for the drug
makers what was that about the swamp
you're a trump supporter and he thought
he was gonna drain the swamp he's
laughing at you lower the drug prices
I'm gonna ported the guy who lobbied to
make them higher you idiots Trump is as
corrupt as it gets and he puts like guys
like Azhar in for that not because
they were not because that despite the
fact that they work for drug makers and
lobbied for them but because of that so
in 2009 under is our the company paid
one point four one five billion to
settle criminal charges regarding his
promotion as a per exa for off-label
uses oh good and borderline criminal
activity nobody ever goes to jail if
they're rich anymore you go to jail if
you create you stole ten bucks from
somebody but they steal one point four
billion now they just pay a fine you
just pay fine effective January 1st 2012
Azhar became president of Lilly USA LLC
the largest division of Eli Lilly and
Company and was responsible for the
company's entire operations in the
United States prices for drugs rose
substantially when Azhar led the
business the joke is on you Trump is not
gonna put people that are going to lower
drug prices he has done absolutely
nothing about it hey they just did a
whole health care proposal and the
proposal could have been a provision
that said the United States government
can now negotiate drug prices with drug
companies for Medicare was did that was
that in the proposal nope not in the
proposal now all of a sudden the guy
who's going to lead HHS is a guy was a
lobbyist and president for the guys who
increased drug prices so now what is
this our said well as I said in the past
that insurers and pharmaceutical
companies should work together to reduce
drug prices without government
intervention so while he's president the
drug prices skyrocket at his drug
company then as a joke he turns around
goes well if the government doesn't
interfere maybe we'll voluntarily lower
them well you had all the opportunity in
the world to voluntarily lower them when
you are the president of the company and
you didn't lower them you increase them
so you know what that makes you a liar
and the idea that the companies out of
the goodness of their heart will ignore
the law about maximizing profit well
instead I just because they're such good
people lower drug prices if you believe
that no wonder you voted for Trump
because you are a blithering idiot okay
if he becomes HHS secretary czar
we'll take over the administration of
the Affordable Care Act which he has
criticized this fundamentally broken and
like most Republicans want to repeal
great as the Health and Human Services
Secretary he will get to destroy Health
and Human Services in America this is a
familiar pattern for Trump's
appointments now unfortunately the law
gives the HHS secretary enormous
discretion over how to administer the
program this includes for example
rewriting the rules over exactly what
qualifies as essential benefits that all
insurers must cover an approving request
by States a waive some of the laws
regulations on how Medicaid works in
other words I deregulate the industry
let's make more money and oh the thing
about having to cover pre-existing
conditions it's a good thing I've got a
lot of latitude here I'm not sure you
have to follow that anymore and this is
how we destroy the chances of people
getting covered universal coverage not
even remotely possible they're going to
shred whatever is left of the Affordable
Care Act
azar will work for the George W Bush
administration went and made Bank at Eli
Lilly made a ton of money lobbying for
them and then running a huge portion of
their business then he goes back into
government and he will not it lower drug
prices I absolutely positively guarantee
it he will increase drug prices he will
help his former employees who gave him
millions of dollars to increase drug
prices more and here's another guarantee
once he leaves the Trump administration
guess where a czar is gonna go back to
to another drug maker and make millions
of dollars more and laugh all the way to
the bank effecting idiot Trump voters
you let us rob you blind
just like Trump University just like
everything Trump has ever run they
warned you and you didn't listen thank
you very much for letting us rob you
that's the plan and that's what they're
doing right now right in front of your
eyes if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm / join
