Donald Trump is perhaps the greatest
threat to the future of the United
States today and that's not just me
saying that that's actually based off a
report that came from the White House
according to a recent White House report
climate changes both real and it's being
caused by human activity those are
Givens the White House run by Donald
Trump and his Republican acolytes
actually are willing to admit that and
then in the same breath they also admit
that they don't care they don't care
that we're destroying the planet we're
gonna let it happen anyway and Donald
Trump is at the head of that ship which
at this point is basically the Titanic
driving straight into an iceberg and he
says full steam ahead Donald Trump
understands or at least has been told I
don't know if he's capable of actual
human understanding he has been told
that his policies are going to destroy
trillions of dollars worth of economic
activity in the United States at least
it could be even higher than show
trillions he has been told that his
policies are literally going to wipe out
entire coastal communities due to
climate change within the next 50 years
cities that currently exist in the
United States will no longer exist in as
little as 50 years and Trump says screw
it I don't care
he won't be alive by then I mean guys
already in a 70s the likelihood of him
living another 50 years are incredibly
low so Americans the young generation
people in their 20s or 30s they're gonna
be the ones to suffer from Donald
Trump's disastrous policies not him not
the Republicans in Congress not the
wealthy donors like the Koch brothers or
the Mercer's they'll be long gone
there'll be footnotes in history by then
so Donald Trump is willing to destroy
this country destroy the economy destroy
coastal communities destroy the
environment destroy the air destroy the
water destroy whatever he can because it
won't affect him whatsoever but the
White House itself at this point has
admitted that Donald Trump's own
policies are going to help destroy this
country
and yet he doesn't care enough about it
to actually enforce the laws that he was
sworn to enforce as president of the
United States at this point this should
be considered a dereliction of duty
Donald Trump is not fulfilling the oath
of office of the presidency of the
United States and therefore should be
removed from office if you're not going
to enforce the laws that are in place
that are on the books already then
you're not doing your job then you don't
deserve to have that job and legally we
could remove you for this so how much
more is it gonna take are we gonna wait
until cities are underwater until these
massive sea level rises and and water
expansion continue to happen how many
people have to suffer heatstroke
before we understand that the climate is
warming what's the death toll there I
mean what what number do we need to get
to before we start paying attention and
realize that Donald Trump is one of the
greatest threats to America's national
and international security what are we
gonna do when we start getting millions
of climate refugees we're already
getting them today
maybe not in the level of millions but
thousands tens of thousands it's
happening now and Donald Trump can see
all this he knows the report that came
out of his own white house and he says
you know what
I simply don't care enough about this
country to do anything about that if
you're thinking about subscribing to our
Channel I strongly encourage you to do
that but if you're not thinking about
subscribing I would encourage you to
start thinking about it and then once
you're thinking about it actually go and
do it you can see the subscribe button
right there on the screen or if you're
watching on a different platform go to
youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
