here's some bad news the TSA is not as
safe as we think they are making us the
TSA failed to detect weapons bombs
during most screening tests
investigators found screeners missed
test weapons and bombs at baggage
checkpoints more often than not a few
more details on this in a classified
briefing members of the House Homeland
Security Committee learned that more
than 70% of the time undercover
Department of Homeland Security
investigators were able to get through
TSA checkpoints with mock knives guns
and explosives but hey that is
surprisingly an improvement because just
two years ago they found that that was a
95 percent test failure so yay to that
70 percent
all right the Office of Inspector
General has made eight classified
recommendations based on the undercover
operation in a statement the TSA said
they took the OIG findings very
seriously in our implementing measures
that will improve screening
effectiveness at checkpoints however
these measures are turning out to be
incredibly costly and expensive and it
might not be a cost that the TSA can
afford right now what is happening
members of Congress and the TSA want to
replace their old scanners with new CT
scanners which use high-powered
algorithms to detect explosives but
there but the rollout is slow and again
like I said it's incredibly expensive so
over the summer the TSA launched a pilot
program with the new CT scanners which
was still a year behind schedule
last week they announced an additional
four million investment in the
technology also worth noting is that
American Airlines if you're looking to
book a flight for the holidays has
actually bought some of these machines
to try and speed up the deployment but
basically the the core of the story is
that we TSA is not as making us as safe
as we thought this is really wonderful
art listen to me before I toss to you
what I'm saying is that there is this
thing called security theater we
perceive that we are more safe than we
actually are
it's actually not very cost-effective
whatsoever but you feel a little bit
safer but now to have hard data that
says hey I'm happy that you feel safer
and that those machines that are
incredibly clunky and slow down
everyone's boarding process don't
actually do shit for you I want to get a
response now I have so I've so many
thoughts okay because this is some
thing that I've known for some time now
and you would too if you've ever
traveled domestically or internationally
and you've ever had a single experience
just one with the TSA agent you already
know that it is there wonder prepared
for a terror attack or or even finding
anything writing it's just and by the
way I love the the the high-powered
algorithm which means like like stop
every brown person that's what that
means that's literally that that's the
algorithm they shouldn't have paid 75 or
whatever amount of millions of dollars
they spend on it I don't know how much
money they spend but they definitely
have a bomb-ass IG account and you guys
can check that out it's a bunch of fake
shit that they have on there it is that
there's no way or they're like oh these
are our findings and it's like an orc
knife the size of this like no one's
fucking taking I mean are you saying
that the TSA is lying on Instagram this
I will not I look yeah it's one thing to
all these weapons through when you start
telling me that their Instagram account
is counterfeited I think that this is an
organization has had has huge problems
obviously but the amount that they stop
and search me I think is a reflection
that they are dedicated to doing
something I don't know what I literally
haven't roping taking I mean it must
there must be something about me I look
shifty but if all of us go through as
you say we have any interaction with
them they seem pretty determined and
focused I'm unclear really as to where
the failing is it is it technological
well think look honestly what I was
thinking when I was reading through the
stories the Brussels attacks is because
that took place at the check-in where
there is really not a lot of security
and so we look at TSA is like they are
the gatekeepers of security and I
absolutely experienced that feeling of
security theater in the sense I do feel
safer when I've gone through this
checkpoint now I am totally safe but
forget all the other places that there
could be that you know the terrorists
are like oh they're all focusing their
attention on this and now I'm gonna
focus my attention over here it's all
just sort of diversion techniques are
really none this none the safer I knew
that when I got pulled over for my
tampons when I was traveling to London
one time and they literally took out all
my tampons they're like what is this I'm
like it's candy what do you think it is
I'm sure we don't use this very final
final thought that one they're just when
they're letting 70% through the
checkpoints that sounds to me like the
technology needs grenades mark they are
there literally in these findings they
found that grenades were could be easily
smuggled in through that fucking
checkpoint the only deterrent the TSA
has in combating terrorism is making it
as shitty as possible the fucking travel
in America it makes me so angry it is
awful if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
