why did Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel walk
out on chance the rapper who attended a
City Council meeting
I'm not really sure let's break this
down a little bit you may know
Chancellor Opera as a Grammy Award
winning artist but he's also a very
civically engaged Chicago in he wants
them to make sure that the kids of
Chicago receive a proper public
education he's even funded up to a
million dollars of his own money into
serving public education he's also
raised millions more through outside
sources when he attended a City Council
meeting he was there to oppose Rahm
Emmanuel's efforts to invest ninety five
million dollars into a brand new police
academy for the city now seems like the
mayor stepped out but we do have a video
clip take a look for this 95 million
dollar topic and it's a very simple
thing that you guys have to do we should
understand that financially this
proposed plan doesn't make sense we
don't have ninety five dollars just as
we just asked you for ten million
dollars today to purchase the land and
we don't have the rest of the money to
do it so why I let them go ahead with
this right now
there's a lot of different services they
need to be
on Mental Health Services which I'm sure
your people say before obviously
schooling is my big thing but but
there's a lot of ways to transform the
city that don't have anything to do with
police training so to provide a little
more context about what chance is
referring to in the wake of a saving
federal investigation into Chicago's
Police Department Emanuel proposed a 95
million dollar police and firefighter
training center in July to get the
department back on its feet after the
Justice Department found it had severely
deficient training and used excessive
force on people of color but a lot of
people are saying that the financially
it just the plan doesn't make sense
that's what chance was there to protest
also he's citing that there have been
widespread school closures and looming
interest payments of over a billion
dollars in the coming decades and maybe
that's where they should be focusing the
city's and resources other opponents of
this proposition take issue with
spending so much even though Dean Angelo
the head of Chicago's police union has
vigorously disputed the DOJ z' findings
in their investigation among them that
the CPD targeted people of color so
there's a lot going on here I'm I'm just
a little curious about why the mayor
stepped out when perhaps his most
civically and publicly engaged citizen
took the mic what do you think was
happening here um so if you ask so I
full disclosure right this is what I'm
talking about today on today's breakdown
so I did a deeper dive into this um it's
a very interesting story it's kind of
like a microcosm of what is gold what is
going on in communities of color and and
how they're underfunded consistently
across the country and in how we deal
with certain problems that arise in
those communities so it's a very
interesting story so let's start from
the top first of all by the way Rahm
Emanuel chants the rapper's dad was Rahm
Emmanuel's top aide until recently so
their connection runs deep but aside
from that like they've had an ongoing
conversation and I think because chance
is such a good guy and has done so much
for Chicago Public Schools he's raised
2.2 million dollars in the past year
alone for the arts programs in Chicago
and it's very difficult for Rahm
like genuinely face him and be like no
we need more policing in this
neighborhood that's how we'll stop the
violence especially as a Democratic
mayor so um let me give you guys some
facts so 95 million dollars is the cost
of this fire and police training like
Academy that they're putting together
and Chicago currently has a massive
problem of attrition there's a lot of
police officers that are leaving the
force or a lot that are retiring and
some that are being fired so they need
to they need to make it as sexy as
possible to become a police officer now
they're starting this in in the West
Side which is a problematic neighborhood
so they sold a hold on I'm gonna give
you the exact detail because I I want to
do the story justice so they sold a
river sight to private industry to
accumulate some funds but they don't
have 95 million dollars they only had
twenty ten of which was allocated to the
land just the land to purchase to put
this fire and police academy onto and
what chance was arguing was that look
with a hundred thousand dollars just
across the street we made transformative
changes in this school alone and because
these are because certain social budgets
are so underfunded in Chicago how are
you going to justify a ninety five
million dollar police academy when we
don't have the rest of the money to even
build the police academy why don't why
don't we take these funds and actually
redistribute them back into social
programs that desperately need it now
Chicago actually had to borrow two
hundred and seventy five million dollars
from JP Morgan and chase recently
because they have a massive pension
problem they can't they can't pay
pensions off for teachers and then on
top of that still have and still be able
to fund fund their schools properly um
there's currently a case I believe
ongoing where Chicago public school
systems are only getting fifteen percent
of the state budget but actually how but
actually hosts 20% of the state's entire
eligible like school eligible youth and
they believe that it is obviously
someone may be a little bit racist
because 90% of the CPS is students of
color there 90% of is black and Hispanic
students yeah mark I want to just I want
to get your response to this story well
know if this is really interesting stuff
from a son because I didn't know the
relationship between chance the rapper
the father and and the mayor so that
that was kind of interesting the the
cops and helping them and funding them
and throwing money at a new Police
Training Program that's good politics
for Rahm Emanuel and that's the reason I
suspected yeah gravitated toward that
solution clearly a chance is right
that's where the money should go into
social programs into all these programs
that chance has identified particularly
if they don't have the money to actually
step up with a with the rest of the plan
so I think on this one and I didn't know
the chance the rapper had contributed so
much of his own money to these many
programs in Chicago I mean not not the
Trump donation where you know he kind of
pledges it and then he doesn't actually
write the check yeah this actually
happened I I think that the Chicago
mayor pulled away as Hassan had
mentioned because he probably couldn't
face the music and he politically made a
decision that is all about politics and
less about helping his city yeah they
still voted overwhelmingly in favor
they're buying the law like 48 to 1 was
the final count and and they're still
going forward with this program but oh
by the way Rahm Emmanuel's reaction was
that when asked like why did you leave
before chance had his three minutes he
got up and said oh well I had to step
out to call my mom and congratulate her
for her 85th birthday and then when they
further asked like so why are we still
going forward with the funding of this
of this police academy he said well this
will help the economy of the Westside
because of the because of the
overwhelming amount of no no no the
overwhelming amount of like candidates
and and police that are going to be in
that neighborhood will
supply the local economy in ways that we
can't foresee yet and also it'll provide
a sense of safety now community policing
is incredibly important and there are
plenty of studies that back this up and
I think overall I don't think it's as
nefarious it's not as black and white
this is not an awful idea versus what
chance is saying is a much better idea
it's it I think training is incredibly
necessary it's vital in most instances
especially if they have and Chicago has
a lot of interesting diversity programs
that they're starting now especially if
they are able to bring some of these
youths from from certain neighborhoods
to go and police those neighborhoods in
the end like if you have actually you
know black cops from the south side
growing up and then policing their own
neighborhoods that's a that's a good
step in the right direction you know I
looked there said a lot but I would say
that that's true that probably a lot of
what the Chicago Mayor says is accurate
that it will help that area economically
it's also true that they have a real
problem with the Chicago cops and and
these incidents that seem to be racially
motivated so they need to do something
you can't just pretend that that didn't
happen and he's feeling political heat
he's also feeling legitimate heat I mean
the the heat of a community that's
outraged and so you do need to retrain
the cops so there's some of this it's
not exactly a situation which is
clear-cut having said that it does
appear that I was unaware of all the
stuff the chance the rapper knows about
this community and I suspect his
recommendations are sound yeah and I
also think that it's just frustrating
that as a public servant
you walk out and sort of caught you it's
sort of a cop-out for those three
minutes that chance the rapper has the
floor because you know it's gonna put
you in a tricky spot and I'm
disappointed in that response if you
even if you disagree you're a public
servant engage with your citizens that's
the least that you can do we have to
move on one charity I think is amazing
typically related to this so obviously
Chance has his own charity which is
great you can find that out on the
internet by googling it but the one I
want to talk about is on the block org
it's mothers against senseless killing
masks
it's literally moms going out and
sitting on the block
with use and and and trying to uplift
their communities they have soirees so
go donate some money check them out
they're actually pretty awesome I
remember like I remember listening to
the founder and it was so impactful that
it like stuck with me yeah so check them
out Mothers Against senseless killing on
the Block dog work helped us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
