Terry Crews has filed a police report
alleging sexual assault by a high-level
Hollywood executive this has been
confirmed by the Los Angeles Police
Department since Cruz's alleged incident
occurred last year it is within the
statute of limitations for sexual
assault in the state of California last
week The Hollywood Reporter reported
that WME agent Adam Bennett was the
subject of Cruz's tweets then it was put
on leave by WME Cruz has not publicly
identified Bennett however and Bennett
has not yet commented now you may
remember that Cruz did tweet about an
incident that happened him and in part
here's what he was saying this whole
thing with Harvey Weinstein is giving me
PTSD why because this kind of thing
happened to me my wife and I were at a
Hollywood function last year and a
high-level Hollywood executive came over
to me and groped my privates he says
that his wife saw everything and that
this agent just looked at him like he
was totally crazy and he grinned like a
jerk he says he thought about beating
him up but then he knew that the
headline would be two hundred and forty
pound black man stomped out Hollywood
honcho so he decided not to do that but
Cruz said he talked to everyone he knew
who worked with the executive about what
happened to him adding that the
executive called him the next day to
apologize but never really explained why
he did what he did he didn't want to
take it further at the time because he
didn't want to be ostracized which he
says is quote par for the course when
the predator has power and influence
ending with who is going to believe you
this is a Wow this this story is pretty
crazy because we do not talk about
sexual assault when it comes to men a
lot of times there is unfortunately the
power dynamic is such that women are the
victims in these cases so it is very
powerful that Terry Cruz came forward he
also ended saying that he hopes that his
story will deter predators and encourage
someone who feels hopeless men so are
just under report sexual assault so we
know that these numbers it's hard to
track down the actual statistics behind
this but I want to get a reaction from
you both now that he is going to the
LAPD there are charges being filed this
is something that that is new and
different in this playing field yeah but
it's got a lot of the same elements that
we've just been talking about right God
but powerful as you say a powerful power
dynamic that if it is in favor of the
assaulter
and that person who's assaulted has no
power is worried about losing what
little they have and in his in his case
destroying his career what's changed is
now he's grown in stature and as grace
mentioned before the atmosphere has
changed in this Weinstein even notes the
fact that with the Weinstein allegations
coming out and there being more
discussion of this he felt wow I want to
step forward my story because I'm
getting flashbacks about this and it's
pretty ugly yeah making this is unsafe
as a space for predators as possible is
one of the one of the really
overwhelming positives that's come out
of this really gross situation I mean
and by the way I want to also
acknowledge for the previous story and
this one the bravery of people coming
out because I mentioned before already
but it they have literally everything to
lose and nothing to gain from coming out
and talking about these and we have seen
in the past people not believing the
victims that do end up coming out so
it's good that like I said I'm a big
dude to like I'm six foot four I'm also
240 pounds and I've been groped before
like and obviously everyone has a
different way of dealing with it um for
me it was it was a different experience
like I I didn't I didn't I was confused
by it obviously and I remember I think
you might even remember I discussed
event with you to another friend of ours
from the same dude the same night we'll
also was somewhat assaulted in a weird
in a similar fashion and what did you do
just ignore it well I I'm told the
person multiple times like back off
no like I don't want to be involved in
this and then he continued to do it so I
just left
not realizing he would continue to do it
but what I learned from that story is
that in that instance if you don't deal
with it or if you don't inform people
then you can go in and and commit the
same commits the same things on other
people as well that unsuspecting victims
in that same instance so it does happen
to men as well and I guess we're yeah
I'm talking about it so I think that it
is really
bold and brave of Terry Crews to come
forward and sort of say all right I will
be the first person to say that this
happens to men as well we need to
acknowledge that there is a problem in
this industry it does disproportionately
affect women but men are not excluded
from these numbers and I absolutely
celebrate him for doing so again we
can't stress this enough you don't there
you have everything to lose and nothing
to gain by coming forward it's
incredibly difficult for these people to
do so what I think is going to be really
interesting to see is now that there are
charges to be filed and at the time of
this reporting the LAPD has not
responded to a request from Business
Insider on the the specifics of what
they will be investigating and looking
into but that there were charges filed
is I think an important step in just
dissuading predators from furthering
what was a very toxic culture in this
industry look and by the way in these is
this is hard to even have a dialogue
about what men might be feeling like
because I've experienced this I've
listened to many different comedians and
other performers try to unpack like a
different perspective in this instance
like perspective of male who feels that
maybe they were in a situation where
they not they might have been the
perpetrators and the thing is like there
needs to be more communication about
what to do what not to do this is
actually a piece I'm working on
currently and I'm talking to a bunch of
female journalists right now like trying
to figure out what the boundaries are
and explaining them and communicating
them as best as possible because I think
that's one of the issues is that um
because we come from such puritanical
roots especially in regards to the way
we understand sexuality and sex and it's
such a taboo subject to discuss openly
and also even in private um we don't
have great sexual education and I don't
just mean that in a reproductive health
sense I mean that in like sexual
etiquette boundaries and consent yeah we
need to have a serious open and honest
dialogue about what it means to consent
and and establish maybe new boundaries
like serious boundaries with pretend
illegal implications around consent
because and I'm not excusing violent
predators but there but but sex is a
confusing thing especially amongst the
opposite genders I guess is the like
male and female relationships is all I
can speak to but um it's complicated
it's confusing and there's a lot of like
mystery involved in it and because of
that because of the mysterious nature of
it it's it's difficult to assess what
you're doing and how it might be
perceived from the other side one thing
that you do to someone um might be
totally acceptable to another person and
work in your favor so the reason why I
mentioning this side is she's just uh
just that say look if you're fearful
that you might have been in a situation
where you feel as though you've done
something wrong understand what you're
doing
like understand try to understand for
future instances how your actions might
be received you know in the male-male
situation I can see the water being
muddy like sort of like a man just shake
it off that guy's crazy is weird but in
the male-female situation which is the
majority of these situations I don't see
the water as muddy at all in fact if
somebody grabs and gropes you yeah
that's clearly out of bounds somebody
whips out their penis and start well you
can stop right there if they whip out
their penis that's clearly right right
there's one man that water that wasn't
even what I was referring by those are
those are very obvious instances right
but what I'm referring to is like what
people don't understand and this is all
what I got from talking to a bunch of
other female journalists about this is
like what people perceive as sexual
harassment is very personal to them and
differs from case to case
and in a lot of the feedback that I got
um like for example very very easy one
that almost all men and women commit
because I used to give advice to all my
friends on you know how to text girls
and guys as well like constantly
pursuing someone could be harassment and
you might be doing that right now and
you have no idea but like
it's and part of its because Hollywood
has kind of trained us in a way in pop
culture and trainers in a way to to look
at certain things that's romantic and
people don't really understand and they
give in to their their lizard brains and
and you know you you constantly text the
girl thinking like oh eventually this
will change I'll get out of the
friendzone like you won't and those
behaviors that you think might be creepy
could potentially be harassing the other
person so that's what I was referring to
not obvious instances of like groping or
or doing something that you know is bad
right I think you and I mean when it
comes to the sexuality of the situation
yeah then then at least I think the
male/female stuff is clearer but I think
that I think the male male stuff I'm
kind of glad you told your story or
something in here that what do you do in
that situation you just move on or do
you just you know like this is your
Terry Crews could have just moved on
could've just a now you know that was so
effed up I'm hopefully this is the
beginning to a comprehensive reform in
the entertainment industry watch the
young turks commercial free downloaded
or stream it watch it any way you like
at TYT Network comm slash join
