today the New York Times released a
report detailing allegations of sexual
misconduct by comedian louis c.k
it is a detailed report they spoke to a
number of women in part what they are
saying is now after years of
unsubstantiated rumors about louis c.k
masturbating in front of associates
women are coming forward to describe
what they experienced even amid the
current bursts of sexual misconduct
accusations against powerful men the
stories about louis ck's stand out
because he has so few equals in comedy
Louie CK is a huge comedic Titan now
when the times reached out to Louis CK's
publicist whose name is Louis K
they said Louis Louis is not going to
answer any questions also the Thursday
premiere of his movie I love you daddy
was abruptly cancelled this also raises
some questions about the anecdotes that
Louie CK tells in his own comedy some
are pointing to the questionable
material that is in this movie that was
premiering I love you daddy there are a
lot of stories one of those stories
comes from comedian Rebecca
Cory Rebecca tells her story about how
she was on set for 2005 pilot with louis
c.k and he approached her asking if he
could masturbate in front of her now
when she said no and also reminded him
that he had a daughter and a pregnant
wife at the time he just said that he
had issues and then this is what she
says happened next word quickly reached
the show's executive producers Courtney
Cox and David Arquette who both
confirmed the incident what happened to
Rebecca on that set was awful miss Cox
said in an email adding that she felt
outraged and shocked my concern was to
create an environment where Rebecca felt
safe protected and heard she said they
discussed curtailing the production MS
Corey decided to continue with the show
things were going well for me miss Corey
said in the statement and I had no
interest in being the person who shut
down a production a lot of what you're
hearing in this report is women with
experiencing fear of speaking out
because this is such an incredibly
powerful figure in Hollywood also
represented by a very powerful manager
in Hollywood the article calls out his
manager Dave Becky who certain women say
tried to silence them from sharing their
story Dave Becky Louisa haze manager
wanted them to stop telling people about
their encounter with louis c.k leak
earnest one of the women's man
at the time confirmed on Thursday that
he had a conversation in which he told
mr. Becky that Luisi Ches behavior
toward the women had been offensive mr.
curtis also said that mr. becky was
upset that the woman were talking openly
about the incident now when the times
reached out to mr. becky he said that he
doesn't recall the specifics of this
conversation which took place between
two comedians ms Goodman and am is Wolof
but he did know that he never threatened
anyone so he's come out saying that that
is not something that he did he right
now represents Kevin Hart as he's on
sorry Amy Poehler as well as another
number of other comedic performers so
that's something that they want to point
out when it comes to the abuse of power
in the industry and people that were
complicit in this TIG Notaro is a
comedian whose Amazon series one
Mississippi lists louis c.k is an
executive producer and she has spoken
out against louis c.k she says in part
sadly I've come to learn that Louis CK's
victims are not only real she said by
email but many are actual friends of
mine within the comedy community like Ms
Corey who confided in her she said I
think it's just important to note that
Miss Notaro is coming out and speaking
because the comedy community is so
insular and protective and it is
important that we celebrate these voices
that are coming forward and standing
with the women now people are wondering
what is louis c.k saying now he hasn't
released a statement as of this taping
but some women are saying that after the
fact
he did apologize to them but those
apologies have some troubling
implications for example ms corey says
that she received an email from Louie CK
which then followed up with a phone call
from Louie CK apologizing for his
behavior in 2005 this took place in 2015
she says when he phoned her he said he
was sorry for shoving her in a bathroom
his corey replied that he had never done
that but he had instead asked to
masturbate in front of her responding in
a shaky voice he acknowledged it and
said I used to miss read people back
then she recalled so I know that's a lot
of information I wanted to just break
down the article there's a lot in there
and I would urge you to please read the
full article so you can get the full
context of the story now I want to toss
over to you guys what was your response
in reading this
were you surprised cuz it had been out
there huh yeah look I'm been a fan of
louis c.k
and you heard some of these rumors in
the past then I actually want to make an
interesting know about that - like
Gawker uncovered the majority of the
things that the New York Times discussed
back in 2012 if I'm not mistaken and at
the time you thought they were
unsubstantiated rumors that you thought
that they were potentially accusations
and Gawker already had like a troubled
history so people didn't really pay much
attention to it and and because like you
said because Louie CK is so powerful and
his manager was so powerful being such a
comedic powerhouse and comedy such an
insular community people kind of kept it
under wraps for a long time public
opinion hadn't swayed that way so one of
the co-authors of this New York Times
article was also an author on the Harvey
Weinstein piece yeah so I think that
what we have seen recently is this
snowball effect if Harvey Weinstein can
be taken down who else has been abusing
their power can be taken down so I think
that it's good to bring up the Gawker
piece because I've seen that on Twitter
a lot of people are saying hey Gawker
was already talking about this why
didn't anyone care because the
unfortunate truth of the matter was is
that no one believed these women yet
they know these were they were saying oh
it's rumor he blew me CK himself when he
was asked about this would always
dismiss it as rumor I'm not gonna
address it because if I talk about
rumors then it makes them bigger than
they are well now you have women that
are speaking on the record who feel as
though they are to be believed because
if Harvey Weinstein can be taken down
then why can't we take down the bigwig
of comedy as well who has been abusing
his power for years and years and years
yeah it was just a cry in the night
before and now the whole culture is
swinging in this direction and as you
said snowball effect it felt very Cosby
ish before you know Cosby was known for
a long time and and even that account
that you read with the young actress
feeling as though well I I've complained
but I don't want to shut this whole
production down
back in the early Cosby stories you kind
of heard that same thing like you heard
it who's gonna believe me you're gonna
believe me are they gonna believe this
comedy Titan and you also heard I don't
want to end my career I don't want to
shut this production down I don't want
to shut my career down so I think
there's so many reasons that people
didn't step forward before but now in
this culture and climate it's safe to
step forward and so all the things that
we had heard or read and Gawker now get
some authenticity because so many people
are coming forward now I'm comfortable
with it at this stage Louie has not
released a statement although he did
cancel his premiere he also canceled on
the pearance on Late Night with Stephen
Colbert so I'm wondering what do you
think is the the move from here
will he be releasing a statement like I
don't know what what happens here or do
you think that we'll see charges pressed
for some of this um there's a statute of
limitation when it comes to this sort of
stuff and depending on the severity of
the crime itself
more women come forward yeah I mean
there's always obviously the civil suit
that could potentially be launched
against Louie CK and I hope there there
are some punitive measures um because
look we need to have a system of
deterrence like we need to make sure
that in the future people do feel unsafe
and by the way I don't just mean men
women to anyone who coerces others
abuses their power their position of
power to to gain sexual favors from on
unwanted victims or or even in certain
instances abuses them physically it
should be punished in some capacity and
most importantly be fearful that there
could be some sort of widespread
movement that outs them and having said
that though there are a lot of
accusations being launched at the moment
we also must not forget while we should
believe women because the majority of
the time they are absolutely true and
it's they get nothing out of coming out
and and every they have everything to
lose when they come out and talk about
these things and it's also emotionally
tolling um we shouldn't forget that
there is such a thing as due process in
the end of the day but obviously if
there are if they're you know 20 people
identifying identical instances and with
one person and that's usually a pattern
that we've seen with Bill Cosby everyone
usually says the exact same things
everyone has similar experiences same
with louis c.k he
masturbated in front of them you know
pulled them into the room Harvey
Weinstein got naked in front of them in
a hotel room like their acts are usually
similar so there's a pattern that we can
observe to assess whether or not there's
validity and I think in this instance
absolutely but again let's not forget
that there is such a thing as due
process because there are certain people
that have been accused as well where
there's only one victim and before an
actual like case is launched against
them to vilify someone publicly is also
could potentially be problematic down
the line yeah there's been no
presumption of innocence in many of
these cases and it's a really
interesting point that asan makes
because there has been no well let's
wait for due process to take its course
for precisely the reason that Hassan is
identifying which is it's the same MO
with all of the end women in all these
different cases with the Weinstein case
with this case and you know as these
stories come forward and this has the
additional element where she actually
went to producers and said hey this just
happened and so they corroborated also
many of the women in the article yeah
and they have corroborated their stories
with other people that they spoke to
following the incidents so this isn't
you know just you know women coming
forward and seeking out the New York
these were the New York Times really did
their due diligence to track down these
people you've got statements from other
people on the set or other their
managers other people they worked with
right they made contemporaneous
complaints to their friends like you'll
never believe what just happened type
stuff and you need that to create a
situation that clearly points the
legitimacy of a claim an event of an
assault but the reason that so many
companies are closing down production
the reason that they're reshooting
movies right now with Kevin Spacey not
in it anymore and the reason is because
of what asan is talking about which is
that these stories are credible and
they're credible because all the
elements are the same the MO is they're
from too many people and as Grace says
and those people told others at the time
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
