over the past week the Indian capital of
Delhi has been blanketed by smog that is
so toxic I'm not joking they literally
have had to remake the charts that
measure environmental pollution in the
air because previously it wouldn't have
fit on the chart the president of the
Indian Medical Association called the
pollution they're experiencing a public
health emergency and warned residents to
rest quote completely meaning no walking
or going outside in a gigantic city like
that citing concerns for asthma attacks
lung and heart damage and sudden cardiac
arrest
from breathing the air they're
experiencing it right now right now
Delhi's Chief Minister called the city a
gas chamber and we're gonna show you
some more pictures obviously but to give
you an idea of what they're experiencing
here the air quality index was over 999
which doesn't mean anything by itself
but understand that it's 30 times the
safe limit set by the w-h-o ten times
worse than Beijing which makes news five
or six times a year for how dark and
toxic the air is there and look at that
planes couldn't take off at various
points because the air was so thick you
couldn't see to take off now they expect
that in a few days this might go away
and understand that the reason it's
happening is a combination of various
like burning like off excess crops
things like that there's a lot of
reasons but obviously pollution by
itself is a constant problem it's not
necessarily this bad all the time but it
is a big deal and earlier this year we
reported on a new data showing that air
pollution can be traced to 9 million
premature deaths every single year
around the world it doesn't it's always
as noticeable as that but it kills
literally millions yeah I mean it's been
it's been shown in recent studies to
actually cause Alzheimer's a premature
on sale by Alzheimer's and so it affects
even first world countries that's an
extreme example of it but it's a and and
by the way it's coincidental that Trump
should be in China because you know
China has these same problems and and
and they have problems not quite as bad
as New Delhi but you'll see all those
pictures of people walking around in
China with them
ask shun and that's because the air is
that that bad this is our future
and in my view particularly with the
kind of policies that are being
implemented by this administration take
off the restrictions you call them you I
call them protections you can call them
restrictions the regulations against
polluting the air and the water and this
is our future it's scary you think it's
in a different whole different world so
whenever there's natural disasters or we
had the wildfires that that swept
through was in Northern California a lot
of yeah and the pictures you saw there
it looked third-world looked like a
video game look like some kind of
disaster movie and then that's when
people scientists look up and go oh my
god how could this happen but this isn't
there's not a fire that's burning right
around that city center it's not like it
was something that came right over the
top and you can track it back to one
thing yeah this in on them and that that
and it looks like a horn when you look
at this birds flying right and you
wonder it looks like what is it from the
Lorax when he found a blue piece of sky
and then picked his ass up and sent him
so about yeah yeah it's it's not that's
a sand storm that is literally just the
air and a nursing we're broadcasting
right now from LA a place that had its
own smog problems and the smog didn't go
away just by chance it didn't go away
because of thoughts and prayers that
went away because we instituted new
environmental protections and they work
and they worked they worked there they
worked with the hole in the ozone layer
which is at smallest level ever recorded
since we destroyed it it worked with
acid rain largely like this is something
that we can Institute to stop general
forms of air pollution and also to try
to restrict the amount of carbon we're
putting into the environment and I share
your concern over the direction of this
of the EPA it's not just in climate
change where they're likely to screw us
over in any number of ways but in
generalized air pollution as well which
won't take a long time to do damage it
can start killing you right now and when
they're taking away rules trying to tamp
down how much methane is being emitted
into the atmosphere when they're they're
getting rid of the rules stopping people
from just dumping all sorts of toxic
sludge into rivers and streams like
these are the things that we know that
they're doing god only knows what else
they're doing and I don't want the u.s.
to ever look like that I don't want
Delhi to look like that either
but I certainly don't want the u.s. to
look like that and these are the people
that are controlling the EPA and the
federal government now right we can't
control those making decisions in Delhi
but we can control those making
decisions here help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
