hip-hop fans artists alike the whole
hip-hop community they're rallying
behind this hashtag free Meek Mill he is
a philadelphia-based rapper and
yesterday a judge there sentenced him to
two to four years in prison for
violating his probation now this not
only shocked Meek Mill and his legal
team but also the prosecution who
suggested he not received jail time for
the violation just a little bit of
context though this is the same judge
that sentenced him back in 2007 when he
was arrested on numerous drug and gun
charges he was convicted of two felonies
and this judge judge in East Brinkley
she handed down this sentence in her
words because he failed some recent drug
tests he didn't adhere to her travel
restrictions that she had put in place
and he was also arrested twice this year
once for assault in an airport and once
for reckless driving in New York now
it's important to note that both of
those charges have been dropped but
let's talk about some of the response
that we're getting here from the hip hop
community so jay-z spoke out about this
he called the sentence unjust and
heavy-handed let's take a look at that a
tweet that he had up there cuz the Cain
tomographic she okay there we go can we
put his tweet up there so jay-z said
it's actually a statement not a tweet he
said the sentence handed down by the
judge against the recommendation of the
assistant district attorney and
probation officer is unjust and
heavy-handed we will always stand by and
support Meek Mill both as he attempts to
write this wrongful sentence and then in
returning to his musical career now
jay-z and not the only one speaking out
about this Kevin Hart also as well what
are you guys what do you guys think was
it - it was it - harsh yeah I mean the
sentencing guidelines in the in the
American criminal justice system are
harsh for every single crime you know
like four years for you know come few
misdemeanors is like a preposterously
long time to send someone to jail for I
mean you know it's just not like we
don't realize how punitive our system is
compared to basically every single other
democracy in the world so yeah this is a
super like harsh sentence and you know
it's just it goes to show like it
another general rule of thumb is that in
America rich people don't go to jail
unless they're black because you know
whether it's you know people in in in
high levels of government or high levels
of business they don't often go to jail
no matter what they'll always find a way
to wiggle out of it but unless you're
black and then you get the harshest
possible sentence for not even a felony
yeah and as and as I understand the
lawyer doesn't tend to file an appeal
which I absolutely think that they
should because it seems it just seems
like such an overreach in this case with
what the judge is putting forward up
here Mills
attorney says that the judge gave
management advice to meek mill and that
also ordered him to attend etiquette
classes just an in general it is a
bizarre sort of overreach of justice in
this case it's so it's so strange that
even the prosecution would say yeah
we're advising against jail time I mean
he's already served I believe eight
months and then he's had this insane
extension of probation for it began at
what five years and then it was upwards
of like a decade for for a drug offense
I mean he had a second parole violation
in like 2014 of which he served for five
months it it's it really does feel like
an overreach right here and then this is
sort of the long arm of the law that
just goes unchecked there's this
unchecked Authority which was up to her
discretion and it seems like she wanted
to send a message well I'm not
disagreeing that of course there is
rampant discrimination within the
criminal justice system and it needs
reform but at the same time I don't know
that it's fair to say that that there's
a racial element here this was a this
was a black woman who was a judge who
handed down this sentence and we can
show you what the judge said she said I
gave you break after break and you
basically just thumbed your nose at
Court now what she's referring to is
several probation violations on Mills
behalf that happened in 2011 in 2013 in
2014 in 2015 and then his response to
her in inside the court was I'm human
I'm not perfect I'm asking for mercy you
gave me the ladder to do it I have to do
to prevail in my struggle I made it this
far I can't really go back and start
over now he did say that he was
struggling with a percocet addiction but
I mean after you violated your probation
time after time after time does the I'm
human defense really work well I mean to
go back to the the fact that the judge
is black I mean the system is you know
the one of the officers in the Freddie
gray you know death was black as well
it's more of a institutional question
you know like it's very hard to imagine
a white celebrity going to jail over for
four years over a probation violation I
mean I I don't I mean I don't have like
I haven't looked but I can't I can't
imagine that that's ever happened you
know that it's just it's just the way
that the system sees everyone I mean his
I'm human defense I mean yeah I mean I
don't know it's that I don't know if
like if that holds up in in sort of a
court of law
but I mean what's clear is that this was
not some sort of like you know violent
crime that makes him a danger to the
rest of society to put him away for four
years it's just an insanely long time
for for probation violation it's just I
don't know I find it very hard to
believe that anyone thinking anyone can
think that this is like a fair sentence
yeah I do I do hear what you're saying
though in the sense of like he did he
violate Adha bation a number of times he
was given warning after warning but I'm
just thinking about isn't there a better
use of our taxpayer dollars than to keep
this guy who is not violent off this
link you know what I mean like we have
to put him behind bars no I mean I think
that there should be some sort of a you
know maybe find him or make him serve
insane an awful community service teach
him there's a way to teach him a lesson
and hold him responsible because I think
that he was acting irresponsibly booking
shows
where she had said do not perform here
that's stupid that's something you can
obviously follow up on don't do that
maybe maybe your management advice was
you know on on good authority after all
but to lock this person up it I just do
not think that the punishment suits the
offense but I hear what you're saying
and I do agree with you to an extent of
this is a guy that he was sort of
thumbing his nose at the court dude does
that mean that we're locking him up I I
don't think so and I just want to go
back to what you were saying I don't
want to give off the impression that
that the the skin color of a judge
should have an influence over the over
the sentencing or or Mike you know yeah
you know there's no they might go either
way but you know I think that the it's
it's more of a systemic question than
the sort of like an individual you know
dispute between two people you know
there is also the argument that there
are you know a significant number of
black and brown men who are incarcerated
who are wrongfully convicted and I just
wonder if if maybe some of these people
who are speaking out about this maybe
can't also speak out for them as well
for people who don't have the the money
to hire you know the best legal defense
and who don't have a cushy jail so like
he's probably gonna get may or may not
get so I guess that's perhaps just
another argument there qit membership
gets you commercial free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
