the pressure is currently on for
Republicans to deliver something
something big on taxes not to deliver
for their voters sorry if I led you to
believe that I mean for the donors of
course at many of the Republican voters
you know the regular run-of-the-mill
people will end up either getting
nothing or very little from the sex
built some apparently one in five in a
study I saw might end up paying more
taxes but for wealthy individuals for
corporations this is potentially an
amazing bill and those donors want to
see that it happens and it could be that
if they don't deliver this they're in
for some big trouble and so we're gonna
turn to that in a second but first their
revisions of the bill are going on right
now and as you pointed out earlier we
don't actually have the text of it we
don't know we don't know exactly what's
gonna happen and so we're getting
reports coming out of some committee
meeting hearings trying to get an idea
of what they might be modifying we've
got a significant one for you so this
was tweeted if we bring up this tweet
you'll see this is significant look at
that from Jim Tankersley the Ways and
Means spokesman confirms that the salt
is the state and local tax deduction so
that was one of the big things in the
new bill that would have hurt regular
people not being able to deduct your
state and local taxes so it's gone for
individuals stays for pass-throughs and
what that means basically is summed up
in the bigger tweet is that a regular
person is not going to be able to deduct
their state and local taxes but
corporations will be able to and rich
individuals who create these dummy
corporations that they funnel their
personal income through effectively
people who have the capacity to do that
will still be able to deduct state and
local taxes in what is apparently the
most recent draft and so that is just
another thumb and the regular Americans
and that they have to pay for this thing
one way or another and one way is to
take away tax breaks not tax breaks for
wealthy powerful connected people but
for regular people who might not even
know that this is going on and so we
were talking during the break about this
battle to get this passed my belief is
that the only thing potentially stopping
it from being
past is how far they're trying to go in
one step they might be trying to get too
much driving up the deficit too much
turning off there's a couple of
Republican senators who've come out and
said they won't vote for anything that
raises it as much as it currently does I
mean what do you think I know that
you're you're less optimistic that it
will be stopped I don't think it's gonna
be stopped I think they're gonna get
this one because people like the idea of
paying less in taxes you know it's just
they're saying that it's gonna be a
thousand dollars each of us get to keep
in like okay you know the health care
thing they lost because that was about
life-and-death issues it was taking away
people's access to doctors it was a
really easy one to understand but when
it comes to cutting taxes I mean even
when you talk about deducting state and
local taxes I mean my eyes glaze over
and I love this so it's like I just
don't see the groundswell of opposition
happening with tax cuts the way it did
with health care and I think they're
gonna get it and even though there's
some Republican squabbling because there
are people in the Republican Party
especially on the Tea Party side that
really do want to do something about the
the debt and the deficit they're serious
about that so they could be somewhat of
a problem but they're vastly outnumbered
in the house I think there are people in
the house on the Democratic side that
vote were Republicans quite consistently
that might jump over the side the aisle
I just don't yes the fear yeah I just
don't see this die yeah look I think I
mean what we have to hope is that their
strong opposition inside of government
to the plan to try to scare you know a
couple people and also to try to get
some of those conservative Democrats to
stay in line as they did on the health
care bill and a few other significant
bills but I think that it is really
going to come down to the people
watching this program people across this
country making clear that this is
something they will vote based on like
we can't afford defections and we want
to scare some Republicans like happened
with health care to vote the right way
especially in the Senate where the
margin for error is negligible I mean
considering the way they're gonna pass
this they you know they can lose 2 or 1
they can lose 1 I think they can lose
two if they lose three it loses and so
we need to put pressure on them you're
right about the state and local taxes
probably doesn't make people
so for one of the reasons I focus on
that is for most Americans if that goes
through that's that's a noticeable
significant and it's something that we
do like there's well I don't know about
you but when I do my taxes there's a
whole lot and that thing that I don't
even know what it is and I know I don't
qualify for it but I do talk to my state
local taxes on a few things we get and
that's why we focus on things like that
there they want to take away the
deduction for interest you pay on your
student loans yeah like how many people
watching this program right now are
buried in student loan debt and they
just want to just want to walk like and
then just press down on the stuff
barring you just and the medical
expenses they want to but that's one of
those things that like all of this not
just that I get why you focus on the
those deductions but I'm just saying
like all of the details of taxes I just
don't think that many people understand
it pay that close attention they hear
tax cut they go cool I just think it's
that simple I mean you do TurboTax you
hope it works out you don't get audited
I mean a lot of us are very basic when
it comes to taxes and I'm speaking as
one of them yeah you know like I just
don't understand what all of the
minutiae of this issue is and I think a
lot of people are just gonna tune it out
let it go through I mean that's that's
my crystal ball I don't actually know
but I don't have a lot of faith in us
understanding or caring enough about tax
cuts to stop it I hope I'm wrong
so what about some of the pushback
they're getting from groups like the
Club for Growth so comfortably not super
excited about this bill we've got a
statement from their president who said
while the corporate tax cut will lead to
some increase in our nation's GDP yeah
that's that's why they want it that's
why they want the corporate tax yet the
rest of the provisions on individual tax
payers fails the pro-growth test I agree
with him there I don't think that these
tax cuts will lead to growth but I think
we disagree about why exactly he went on
to say the group called sorry the group
called the higher taxes on the
wealthiest Americans which that's not I
don't understand what that's the
reference to because I have kept looking
over this but they say that that's class
warfare the likes of which would make
Democrats green with envy it also said
the cuts to the pass-through tax rate
was too small so they get this cut to
the to the pass-through
it means many millionaires and
billionaires will be able to pay a tiny
fraction of what they're currently
paying for the majority of their income
but that's too small god these people
are arrogant I said that there's no
reason to wait to repeal the estate tax
I don't know a lot of billionaires
maybe this dude knows a lot of
billionaires that are like just on the
edge of kicking the bucket and they
gotta get that thing passed right now I
don't know why you have to rush it so
much but they're saying that this isn't
enough yeah that's the crazy and that's
bananas
yeah that's the crazy in the Republican
Party and that's kind of why John
Boehner is no longer there there is this
wing that's so extreme that if they
don't get everything that they asked for
yeah then they're just not gonna support
it they're fun to watch because they're
often taking a lot of this stuff so that
my hope is actually in this wing of the
Republican Party if this is gonna go
down they're not gonna be the ones to do
it the Democrats they're on the
sidelines on this one but there is a
crazy wing yeah and from like by 40% I
think is the is alone thirty five to
twenty to twenty I don't know I'm not
good at math but that's something like
40% right it's somewhere around there
that's like we already have effectively
an aristocracy in this country a
political and a financial aristocracy
generally is the same thing they're
jammed together and this is just like
throwing like like quick grow on it like
these corporations are already hoarding
money there is effectively zero evidence
that showering these corporations with
money will lead to one job actually
coming from this and yet they're gonna
do it we've been through this like you
were you were alive under Bush right you
saw the tax because if they had the
massive amount of my if they gave it
doesn't produce jobs let's actually
let's jump ahead for one second to that
because TYT investigates has been
looking into this and they found out one
particular ironic example of that
disconnect between the rhetoric coming
out about what these tax cuts will
accomplish and what we know they will
actually accomplish based on experience
so if we could jump to graphic 24 you're
gonna see a tweet from Rand Paul so he
says there the tax cuts
Zach I thought it was called the cuts
cuts cuts act will create nearly 1
million new jobs and if you were to
click on that you'd see that that's not
just him guessing that actually comes
from a report by the nonpartisan Tax
Foundation now one of the execs on the
Tax Foundation is David Lewis and so
David Lewis helping to produce this
report that from the nonpartisan Tax
Reform they just always want tax reform
but they're not partisan fine and then
Paul Ryan gets to say that it's going to
create the jobs because that's
interesting David Lewis is not just some
academic who runs stats you know
regressions is formerly the executive
director corporate tax and chief tax
executive for Eli Lilly and Company and
so that's a corporation that has had
experience with big tax cuts before and
you can go to our website and you'll see
the full breakdown of what trt
investigates found but in effect Eli
Lilly back in 2004 when we had this tax
holiday which is my favorite type of
holiday by the way oh man my mom used to
cook some great food for those they were
pay treated 8 billion dollars they
brought it back into the country at a
lower tax rate that was allowed to them
by the Republicans it was 5.25% which is
crazy
that's like duty basically like this is
almost duty free to bring money back in
and so this company Eli Lilly that had
the the chief tax exec that now is
producing stuff that Rand Paul is using
to push his plan got 8 billion dollars
at almost no taxes a man they must have
just grown and grown and grown but for
some reason no in 2004 when that
happened they had twenty two thousand
seven hundred and fifty one domestic
employees three years later that had
dropped by 10 percent as of today it's
lower than 19,000 so they've lost 15 to
18 percent of their workforce after
being showered in billions of
effectively tax-free dollars so why
would we believe that doing it again
gonna do anything other than enriching
secular dude putting out that report cuz
they're lying that's what it is : I'm
gonna write to them to update the
article they're lying
I mean they'll just say these things cuz
they sound good knowing that people
aren't gonna pay attention so your
prediction is that before Thanksgiving
this so it's gonna pass and it's gonna
pass on the first go through cuz I know
this is on a constraint timeline before
Thanksgiving they want to get this thing
done a massive rewriting of the tax code
and I hand off of literally trillions of
dollars they want to get it done in like
two weeks
I don't actually think they're gonna
pull that off cuz we're also forgetting
about some other huge deadlines that
they have on December 8th what's that so
we have to fund the entire government
for 2018 they were supposed to do this
in 12 separate bills that were carefully
crafted in committee and they never do
that on time it was due on September
30th got none of them done and so they
pushed their deadline off until December
8th also in December 8th we have to
raise the debt ceiling so we have two
things that need to be done on December
8th and they're gonna do this by
Thanksgiving it's a new I don't think so
maybe the house will pass something but
I don't see this being signed because
they also again we don't have the bill
yet if we don't stop them on a couple
iterations of the health care bill well
I mean the house can vote multiple times
on this and we might see something like
that but the more details come out the
more these club for growth people start
arguing and then there's media reports
about like Oh middle-class people are
gonna get hit with tax increases like oh
god we have to edit that we're seeing
the edits happen already these people
are very big on pushing their deadlines
I highly doubt by the time we're eating
turkey we're gonna have something passed
both the House and the Senate sounds
ridiculous to me help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
