although we've had special elections
throughout the country throughout this
year we haven't had a big Election Day
since the apocalypse last November and
so now if you haven't voted yet please
pause this video go and do that we will
be here when you come back but if you
have already voted let's continue there
are a lot of elections going on both for
statewide offices also important ballot
measures and we're gonna be talking
about all of them the big one that
everybody's talking about is this
Virginia gubernatorial election where
you have Lieutenant Governor Ralph
Northam the the Democrat going against
the former Republican National Committee
Chairman Ed Gillespie if you had like
three years ago predicted what that race
would look like you know with this long
term like longtime Republican insider
you would have assumed it would be a
fairly you know boring and blase race
but Gillespie has apparently been
drinking whatever Trump was drinking
during his election because for whatever
reason that campaign has been like it's
it's sanctuary cities and it's
Confederate monuments and Glaspie is
pitching himself as effectively you know
a Republican for the alt-right in a lot
of cases I know that the the polls
originally had Northam up pretty
significantly I believe Hillary Clinton
won Virginia by five points and now the
polls are showing that it's within just
a couple of points so we don't exactly
know what's gonna happen yeah and I'm
concerned about this one mainly for as a
congressional nerd I am concerned for
redistricting reasons yeah because this
ed gillespie Gillespie yeah yeah he was
one of the people that was the architect
of project red maps so they're not even
hiding what they're doing they're just
redistricting so the Republicans can't
lose yeah and so for him to be the guy
the problem with Virginia is that their
legislature is controlled by Republicans
and so we would like to have a Democrat
there to veto any shenanigans and if
Gillespie is the guy like that veto
ain't comin so that's my biggest concern
and even though I know that there's some
people that are concerned about Northam
cuz he's very centrist and he said some
things about sanctuary cities that is we
have concerns yeah but at this point
we do have to do lesser of two evils we
do so I'm rooting for the Democrat here
because I got B's a big big problem yeah
I've been reading up on him look I'm not
gonna lie it's not a race that I was
following very closely until like the
last week or so like I knew in the
background it's going on but you know
you can only hold so many things in your
mind simultaneously and I've been
reading up on him and he since becoming
lieutenant governor back in 2014 has
been sort of I guess he's been reading
the political winds and he's been moving
in the right direction in terms of his
rhetoric and everything on you know
abortion rights and a host of other
issues for the most part but that's we
want someone who was strong because it
was right and it's what they believe not
necessarily just because they think it's
politically expedient as you alluded to
there's the sanctuary cities issue and
so that's been coming up throughout this
race
Gillespie saying that he wants to as
governor bans sanctuary cities which is
urgent because Virginia currently has
zero sanctuaries it doesn't have it what
are you talking about us but he wants to
ban them and so he kept bringing it up
he kept bringing it up and Northam was
you know speaking out against this
saying you know that we you know we have
to have respect and also protections for
various you know people who are could
theoretically be abused by the state and
then as the attacks go on he gets worn
down the polls starting to tighten up
and then he starts implying that he
might be willing to do something about
sanctuary cities in the short term I
guess there's no harm since there aren't
any but there are inclusive cities which
don't technically have the the internal
capacity to break state law in the way
the sanctuary cities do but they have
this sort of aspirational goals
hopefully as governor he wouldn't go
against that but obviously that this is
exactly what the Republicans in 2017
want you to do they want you to take a
race that has consequences for
redistricting and a number of other
issues and then focus on these bullshit
is not that it's bullshit to have the
sanctuary cities but they don't have
saying they literally don't have them
right now and he wants you to talk about
Confederate monuments and all of that
and so it's gonna be interesting to see
who wins because if somehow if Gillespie
wins bike
points it turns out that he is beating
the poles with this sort of new approach
that's not good that doesn't look good
for the next year or two no future races
it's so frustrating to watch stuff like
this because it's like the Democrats are
taking the bait you know like this is a
non-issue in Virginia if we were talking
about California governor like okay fine
then it's worth talking about in
Virginia why is this an issue yeah and
so he's taking the bait and he's going
further to the right instead of further
to the left like it's appealing to the
Republican space not his own and it's
just the Democratic Party for not far
away we have New Jersey where we might
at long last be seeing the backside of
Chris Christie they should word that
differently but we've been dealing with
him for a long time he is I believe that
one point was pulled as the least
popular governor since they had begun
polling the popularity of governor's he
was at like the low teens or something
like that and so now we have Democrat
Phil Murphy versus Republican kim
Guadagno and there's been I think
consistently a double-digit lead for the
Democrat in this particular case so
we'll see about that sounds safer yeah
hopefully the bridges will be a little
bit more accessible the beaches as well
Manny just doesn't like this thing now
this is a race that theoretically and
again nobody's perfect we could we could
we could find you know reasons to be
worried about what effect this guy might
have but here you have a fairly strong
blue state many of the efforts that they
have made to pass liberal pieces of
legislation have been vetoed by a chris
Christie with Murphy in place you might
have progress on these issues so Murphy
supports legalization of marijuana as
proposing a tax hike on rich individuals
and corporations inside of New Jersey
let's see promised to extend state level
protections undocumented immigrants
which would be a switch from Christie
and again he is going to sign bills he's
pledged to sign bills that chris
Christie has previously vetoed one of
which by the way is a raise for the
minimum wage to $15 per hour now
immediately it's a gradual thing which
is
optimal but it certainly will be nice
for the people living in New Jersey and
that is a change you can get if Murphy
does win there and then you have a
couple of ballot initiatives that are
certainly worth covering so one is in
Maine were to be talking about Maine a
couple of times in this hour and that is
a ballot initiative that would expand
Medicaid coverage to 70,000 low-income
residents in Maine this is something
that and by the way there's been this
campaign against this ballot initiative
saying this would cost too much the
state would just can't afford to extend
Medicaid to these low-income individuals
the federal government would be picking
up 90% of the tab think about the good
that can be done inside of Maine if this
gets passed at almost no cost to Maine
so that's something that they want to do
and bear in mind there has been
attempted Medicaid expansion five times
in Maine that was vetoed every single
time by the Republican governor paul
LePage should they never after the
Affordable Care Act may never did the
Medicaid expansion so this would be
their first time that so this is a
particular aspect of Medicaid expansion
but this aspect has been shot down
multiple times I'm not sure how much the
general campaign got but this is one
that the Republicans in that state have
been dead set against and five vetoes
that's that's a lot of effort to stop
people can't afford their health
insurance from getting it and so again
hopefully people are voting it's
difficult to say a polls won't close I
think until the end of this hour so we
won't know even if it was immediately
apparent we won't know until after this
hour but I have read a couple of reports
that anecdotal evidence is that it's in
certain neighborhoods there appears to
be less voting than there was the last
time around in Virginia that's probably
not when you're talking about a
difference of about 3% in the polls a
change in turnout is pretty significant
but I know that a lot of people are
watching this a lot of people are going
to try to to say a lot about where the
country is at and where it's going based
on these results I don't know how
accurate that ever is but these are this
is a
nificant voting day after a lot of
smaller special elections and so
hopefully I have some good news tomorrow
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
