guys I can't believe how well Alison
hearts this campaign is going this is
amazing this is the campaign to take
down Diane Feinstein one of the most
conservative senators and the Democratic
Party why is she representing California
it's outrageous I'm doing this video
because I just donated I donated as much
as I could and we were already over
$100,000 in the first 24 hours of the
money that was an act blue and the money
that was committed already right now an
act blue were passed 110 thousand
dollars I believe now past one hundred
and fifteen thousand dollars we've got
to get to a hundred and forty seven
thousand dollars by Monday so that we
can get the voter rolls and we are
rolling
okay the press is great you know how
many people donated we've already have
over three thousand three hundred
individual donations it's exactly like
Bernie's campaign I'm not sure Feinstein
has three thousand three hundred and
individual donors of course her donors
are much larger her donors are corporate
PACs of super PACs and every other kind
of PAC that defense contractors and etc
right our donors are all small donors
but that's exactly how Bernie did it so
it is things on fire it's going great
you guys are amazing we're gonna do this
we're gonna do this every person I talk
to is electrified by Allison and and and
the idea of the campaign and how much
you guys have done and in fact when they
see your guys contributions they go like
one guy wrote in oh my god I think she's
gonna win damn right she's gonna win
Allison Hartson so what justice
Democrats comm / Allison that's where
you need to go right now justice
emma-crats calm / Allison we'll have the
link down below as well and go chip in
whatever you can just make sure you're
one of the people that are right in the
beginning that we're part of the
original hundred and forty seven
thousand dollars it doesn't matter you
know we do it on small donors you got
three bucks throw three bucks in there
whatever you can do because then you get
to say I helped defeat one of the most
conservative pro corporate conservative
Democrats in the Senate and we got a
real progressive why shouldn't
California have a real progressive
senator here comes Allison so Allison
arson right now go helper we've got to
get there by Monday
man you have no idea how good it's gonna
feel when we win this election I was
taught a reporter today I said I don't
think she's I don't think the ham fines
even gonna make the general election I
don't think she's gonna make it oh god
guys let's go do it right now just
Democrat cop slash Allison I just did my
part if you guys can ship it and help
sue that'd be great I'm going to a
conference in Portugal but if I cannot
make videos from there and give you guys
updates I want to see we can cost that
one hundred and forty seven thousand to
get the voter rolls by Monday let's go
do it now you guys are unbelievable
let's go win
