TRT investigates Naomi LaChance has
uncovered some really interesting
potential scandals going on in New
Jersey and what she found was a fairly
clear and obvious pattern of favoritism
by chris Christie and his government in
New Jersey where close allies of his
longtime friends and co-workers partners
are making millions of dollars off of
but a couple of different things one is
the privatization of the water supply
and management in New Jersey and also
the government attempts to stop Atlantic
City from going bankrupt and some of
these numbers are a little bit in depth
but follow along and in the end we're
gonna want you to read this article
because she says she's found way more
but first let's talk about the water so
in September in response to problems
with New Jersey's water supply it's
rated very poorly American waters local
division is a company their New Jersey
American Water asks the New Jersey Board
of Public Utilities to increase the
company's rates by one hundred and
twenty nine point three million dollars
annually for their 2.7 million customers
so that's obviously a large amount of
money now it could just be that you know
you need this money to fix pipes and all
of that a spokesman for American water
said New Jersey American water makes the
necessary investments in order to meet
all state and federal regulations while
ensuring our customers receive
high-quality reliable water service to
their homes there's a direct correlation
between the rate people pay for water
and the condition of the system that is
treating and delivering that water that
was a statement made to TYT investigates
so it's possible it's just that they
need that money to invest in the system
but it seems noteworthy that Christie's
task force that looked into crafting the
policy that allowed them this sort of
control included a former lobbyist and
director of governmental affairs for New
Jersey American water that seems
significant by the way I always love in
this sort of situation when you have
this sort of incestuous relationship
between government and business that
it's the government affairs individual
who's in charge of that and so that
would lead you to think perhaps the
hundred and thirty million dollars
that's going to go to that firm isn't
just for improvements to the water
system and it might have something to do
with the cozy relationship Chris
Christie and his allies have with that
Corporation and their lobbyists
so let me jump in for a second on that
look guys privatizing the water systems
is outrageous and I'll tell you why
because it's a monopolies so you can't
be like hey you know what today I'm not
having coke water I'm gonna have Pepsi
water in my faucet you'll you could only
get one water going into your house and
so the minute that you privatize it yeah
they can start to increase the rates on
you yeah and so if it's a the public if
they're responsive to them and
responsible to the public well then we
could say wait why are you wasting our
taxpayer dollars on that but if it's a
private company they're you know what do
they want to do they want to maximize
profits like well now that we got your
water and I'm pretty sure you need the
water yeah now I'm gonna increase the
rates and I'm gonna do it once twice 18
times for however long you let me get
away with it so and then when you add on
top of that not only are we privatizing
it but we're giving it to folks who are
lobbyists and and worked with the
governor and who created the policy that
led to that rate increase request yeah I
mean now the rate increase hasn't gone
through yet by the way but if it does
that's going to be a huge windfall for
that company and this is part of the
problem with you know money in politics
which is lobbyists you know influence
the officials and the officials give
them contract yeah and chris Christie is
patient zero of that a lot away exactly
you know he's known as like Oh tough
prosecutor whatever no he was mainly a
donor before any of that he was a
political operative and then he got a
job in the government has a lawyer and
and then went on to become governor so
this is chris christie 101 yeah and
remember chris christie's the guy who
literally gave away bits of the World
Trade Center rubble to donors and stuff
like that like this is not necessarily
guy that you can trust with resources of
that sort but the water well that's
obviously significant you could say that
that's just one thing and it's the sort
of thing we expect out of the government
perhaps I think that we're allowing too
much at that point but now let's turn to
Atlantic City so Atlantic City over the
past decade plus has had a lot of
financial problems five casinos have
shut down thousands of jobs have been
lost and there's a concern that Atlantic
City could go bankrupt and so the state
has taken a special level of extra
direct control over it and try to work
out the financial situation but
Lucas who is actually benefitting from
that relationship so last year New
Jersey hired Bill Paula to Chi who's a
campaign veteran for Chris Christie has
been involved with him for a number of
years they like they brought on his law
firm to work out a loan agreement with
Atlantic City that firm in just 2016 and
2017 build New Jersey for over $400,000
for its services now T or T investigates
reached out to Bill Paula to chien he
responded by saying I played no role in
that work as it was not my client oh
come but it's your firm so that seems
significant I have a feeling you
probably knew that it was a going on you
also have the accounting firm Ernst &
Young secured a four hundred and $85 an
hour contract for continued analysis of
atlantic city's finances in cash flow
Kristy's brother is a director of that
firm i know lawyers are expensive but
almost 500 bucks an hour seems like a
lot of money the other accountants not
lawyers yeah and that's really high yes
but even so I mean these are the same
guys that will say to you $15 an hour
that is impractical and outrageous of
course you don't deserve $15 an hour oh
my brother's firms gonna get four
hundred and eighty five dollars an hour
but that'll just run for a few years the
other ones like the other ones like the
other ones I don't know whether they're
outrageous I mean somebody works on the
campaign the campaign's over and they go
into private practice that yeah they're
friends they're likely to to get a deal
and they're you know that's uh
it is brazen to hire your brother's
accounting firm Yeah right you know
right that is and I want to explain like
if you don't know arson young their
giant firm it's not like Todd Christie
started the company right it's not a
family-run shop but he does work there
any benefits from there yeah so you'd
probably want to avoid that conflict of
interest instead chris Christie runs
right into it like it's a close beat
yeah that's what it is the same things
like the beaches are closed good there
won't be any with it let's go picture
don't care whether he's directly
financially benefiting is less important
than the firm knows he has this
relationship with the governor and thus
he can in his career benefit
you sleep then you also have the New
Jersey Department of Community Affairs
named a fellow named Jeff chiesa to lead
the Atlantic City takeover at a rate of
$400 an hour
Christie's been friends with him since
the late 1980s they worked together in
private law practice in the New Jersey
US Attorney's Office and in the State
House as well that firm has billed the
state over three million dollars as of
mid-september for their work in less
than one year that's a lot of money now
they reached out he says we're going to
do everything we can to protect the
city's financial interest in a
professional and a professional way I
understand and it's alleged it's
legitimate for people to want to look at
our fees it's a significant discount on
our fees but it's also a fairly
significant chunk of money that was
given to you by a guy that you've been
friends with since the 80s now overall
what does chris christie think about
this this pattern that neomi LaChance is
found well asked by TYT investigates
whether the governor has practices in
place to guard against favoritism
Christie spokesman Brian Murray said
your accusations of favoritism are as
salacious as they are wildly inaccurate
and wholly unsupported by any facts and
then he pulled off his glove and slapped
her across the face okay unsupported by
any facts except all the ones you've
written about in your well researched
article yeah
but outside of that salacious so the
articles in the description box below
please click on and get all the details
there's way more to it by the way this
is just the initial chunky part on top
of it no pun if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs join
