hey friends a good day its bill press
here with the Young Turks Network
standing in front of the White House I
just left the White House briefing room
in the briefing today with press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders this
has to be one of the most earth-shaking
days yet of the Trump administration in
fact I would say it could be the
beginning of the end of the Trump
administration I'm gonna be joined as
soon by Ryan grim also with the Young
Turks Network and from the intercept be
coming along shortly so a little
background at least to start with you
know for the last 10 months Donald Trump
has been doing everything he can to
undermine the Russian investigation
because of the wit shot he says it's
fake news he says it's all started by
Democrats who can't accept the fact that
Hillary Clinton is our lost the election
he begged that James Comey to end the
investigation when Comey refused he
fired James Comey and he still said
again it was nothing to it there's a big
nothing burger and speaking of Ryan grim
haha this morning Robert Muller in
effect called Donald Trump a liar he
said no no this is a serious
investigation there's been some serious
 going on we're getting to the
bottom of it and he filed charges
against two top Trump campaign aides his
camp former campaign manager Paul
Manafort and a form of a mana for his
business partner Rick Gates on 12
charges of taking money millions of
millions of dollars from a Ukrainian
businessman who's very close to the
Kremlin and then lying about and trying
to launder that money and hiding it they
were charged with 12 counts including
conspiracy against the United States and
maybe more importantly a Trump campaign
aide by the name of George papadopolis
it was revealed today he pled guilty to
lying to the FBI about all the efforts
he was making in the Trump campaign to
set up meetings with Russian operatives
who allegedly had dirt on Hillary
Clinton
so that's the bombshell news have broke
this morning we go to the briefing room
this afternoon and Sarah Huckabee
Sanders says this has nothing to do with
us nothing to do with Donald Trump
nothing to do with the campaign which
I'm sorry right is pure unadulterated
horseshit they worked all three of them
work for the campaign Donald I mean Paul
Manafort was the campaign manager and
then he left
gates stuck around Papadopoulos was with
the campaign was talking to this guy Sam
Clovis we saw him on television all the
time about setting up meetings he was in
touch with a professor who said let's
set up some meetings he even talked
about setting up a meeting with Donald
Trump and Flandre Putin because he said
they could bring dirt on Hillary
including copies of her emails which
means they already knew they were
hacking into the Clinton campaign and
Huckabee Sanders had the audacity today
of course she was ordered to do it by
Trump but she agreed to do it took him
out and I said there's nothing to do
with us oh yes it does
this is a big deal was Joe Biden would
say a BFD I'll be careful about using
that word what do you think she said she
said he's just a campaign volunteer
right you know he's just some guy whose
ideas were rebuffed and ignored earlier
I think was Sean Spicer who was saying
well Paul Manafort barely did anything
on the campaign right other than be
campaign manager like beyond that and
then Rick Gates so he's kind of like
manna forts man wherever he goes and
Rick Gates stayed at the campaign there
was this report that came out that said
mana Ford had been had gotten 12 million
dollars off the books from these
Ukrainian oligarchs and as a result he
kind of was pushed out because you know
and he was losing an internal struggle
and the and they kind of you it's not
it's not as if oh my goodness
Paul mana Ford engaged in outrageous
behavior overseas it was more like okay
we can use this report to push him out
so they push him out but Rick Gates
stayed in and Rick Gates is the conduit
through Everett for everything the mana
for it was was trying to accomplish and
you so then you have that June 9th
you know much-discussed meeting between
Donald Trump jr.
Paul manna for Jared Kushner and the
Russian lawyer with who we've now
learned was had talking points from the
Russian government and had extensive
contacts with the Russian government
before she came to this meeting and
talked and you know offered things
emails and other dirt and Donald Trump
said great love it absolutely love it
and then we have maybe a parallel thing
here going on with Papadopoulos that
we're now finding out this guy has
rolled and his lawyer said in a
statement that looked like was written
by Muller
we can't wait for George to have the
opportunity when called on by the court
to reveal all the details of his story
okay well and meanwhile the Trump White
House with the cooperation the full
cooperation of the disgraced congressman
Devin Nunez who had to retire or step
aside as head of the House investigative
Intelligence Committee the Intelligence
Committee because he was such a puppet
of Donald Trump Nunez now has lunch to
to tried last week I guess he may still
go forward to two investigations trying
to change the subject and to get people
to focus on Hillary
instead of Donald Trump talking about
this old uranium deal which has been
totally discredited and also talking
about the fact that during the general
election campaign Democrats paid for
opposition research against Donald Trump
shocking they-they-they continued the
same firm that had been hired by
right-wing anti Trump Republicans during
the primary to find out dirt so they're
trying to pursue that and again the
White House saying today we should be
talking about Hillary not not about
Donald Trump no no Donald Trump is a
president Paul Manafort worked for
Donald Trump
Rick Gates worked for Donald Trump
George papadopolis worked for Donald
Trump I guess one final thing I would
say about this Ryan is again this what
Muller did today proves that this is a
serious investigation into serious
charges by a serious special prosecutor
Robert Muller and Donald Trump has to
know this is not the
into the road this is the first in what
I think is going to be a wave of invest
a continuing investigation and there
will be more indictments and I think the
more indictments are going to get from
the campaign into the White House and
maybe all the way the Oval Office you do
you do mana for first because well a
apparently there were some statute of
limitations issues coming up with some
of the laundering that was going on they
so you had to move on mana fork quickly
but if you're going to charge people for
things like a ferret violation which is
not lobbying I mean not registering to
lobby for a foreign principle or this or
money laundering Jared Kushner all of a
sudden has much more expensive legal
bills this is a guy who did not disclose
on a lot of his on his forms to get a
security clearance a lot of different
meetings that he had with with Russian
agents but we so we know I think three
times he failed to report these meetings
with foreign officials right and so if
you're willing to hit this kid
Papadopoulos for lying and you're gonna
hit manna fort for his foreign lobbying
paperwork and it looks like you're gonna
hit Tony Podesta so Tony Podesta this
morning's John Podesta z-- brother
coincidentally but they're kind of like
mirror images of each other and it's all
mo it's like Shakespearean that they're
both caught up in in this Tony Podesta
this morning told his staff at the
Podesta group that he's resigning he's
gonna step aside he said I'm gonna fight
this fight individually and I don't want
it to drag down all of the rest of you
so what is what fight is he fighting
clearly that he's confirming there that
the feds are coming after him because he
was he's named as either lobbying shop a
or be in the Paul Manafort indictment
mana fort was using the Podesta group to
lobby on rehab so so you've got enough
that's another person that you know that
that's powerful and it's caught up in
this so coach turn just for those
violations alone if if Miller wants to
and it looks like Miller does want to
you know has leverage on Kushner as well
right no I think the people that have to
be nervous today are Jared Kushner a
Donald Trump jr.
I'm Michael Flynn by the way let's let's
not forget him
ban affords clients in the Ukraine were
pro-russian political parties and
business leaders who had many many
contacts in the Kremlin so there still
is a question about and by the way this
was between 2009 and 2016 so in 2016
Matta Ford is already a part of that
year at least working for Donald Trump
did he use his contacts from the Ukraine
to try to reach out to the Russians to
get some help for Donald Trump or to
help them hack and that that's still an
open question Donald Trump has tweeted
again this morning no collusion that's
not what we learned this morning we
learned that George papadopolis campaign
aid foreign policy adviser to Donald
Trump was using his connections to try
to line up meetings maybe even a meeting
with Trump and Putin but meetings
between Kremlin operatives who had dirt
on Hillary Clinton to meet with the
Trump campaign officials including
emails that is collusion so whether it
happened or not he was attempting to
collude right yeah and Sarah Sanders his
best defense is we ignored his
suggestions and he's a nobody that means
there's a one reason she would say
that's the best you can do let's go back
to just what it says in the indictment
for a second well against man affording
gates so it's as Trump points out in his
tweeting that these are events that took
place before man affording gates went to
work for Trump and it has to do with
money laundering now is he trying to
launder money because it's illegal money
that he should that he he shouldn't have
earned and get in trouble or is it
because he just didn't want to pay taxes
on it well to I'd say there's two two
answers to that one okay one some of it
is illegal in the sense that it was
money for that we've now the Sermon is
he legal because there's money from
Ukraine to mana Fortin Gates for
lobbying and he didn't wanted not report
it not repent he didn't report the
lobbying so that the not reporting the
lobbying would would be illegal
otherwise
we're talking about just the basic tax
violation and the way that the way that
the money laundering scheme works and
Dave day and for the intercept actually
kind of broke this in February by just
noticing a bunch of real estate
transactions that that only makes sense
through the lens of money laundering and
the basic scheme which the Justice
Department Treasury Department I'm sorry
recently said that 30 percent of
high-priced properties in Manhattan
where the result of suspicious activity
30 percent and so here's the suspicious
activity that unfolds you set up a
little company offshore let's say
somewhere in the Bahamas or seche Alize
or elsewhere you call it manna for its
money LLC money that comes from the
Ukraine you stick into this company in
the Bahamas the company in the Bahamas
then buys a three million dollar condo
in the Trump Tower so it's the owner and
this happened so it's the owner then
free and clear of this property you then
take that property to a normal bank or
actually some shady banks as well but
preferably you take it to like a city
bank and you say hey look I've got this
three million dollar property I have no
debt on it
I want to refinance it give me a three
million dollar loan bank says of course
collateral is the property here's four
three million dollar loan boom
you now have three million dollars cash
that you can spend and you paid no taxes
on it yeah and just a postscript on that
I don't buy the line that this was all
over and done with before at before Paul
Manafort went to work for Donald Trump
he almost literally walks out of the
Ukraine deal for which you made million
tens of millions of dollars and walks
into Donald Trump's office you cannot
tell me that he didn't continue to keep
in touch with his Ukrainian Russian
clients for help in that campaign and
that that hasn't been well we don't know
whether Muller has explored that yet but
this is not part of this indictment
there could be more I would say if if if
there was soar that were the last thing
that ever came up and we never had the
Papadopoulos thing this morning and you
know if if Muller did a year's worth of
invest
and he nailed Paul Manafort and Rick
gates on money laundering and not
registering his foreign lobbyists bogus
nothing burger like yeah I mean sure put
him away you know they committed crimes
but it they didn't they didn't tilt the
election you know we're like this isn't
like a world historic geopolitical event
what this is is
Melora tempting to get leverage on
somebody who will then talk so that they
don't dot died old men in prison that's
the way all of that's the way all of
these investigations work and I said
this earlier maybe you weren't here yet
this is not the end of the road
Sarah Huckabee Sanders today said they
have indications that Muller is nearing
the end of his investigation you know
what they're living on Jupiter I mean
that's that's total baloney there's no
indication of that in fact every
indication of just the opposite Muller
has hired a crackerjack staff and
they're in for the long haul and and
they usually start with a few fish
metaphors a big fish not necessarily
little fish and they keep working up the
chain the point I'd love to make is on
Jeff Sessions oh boy Jeff Sessions he
may wind up regretting this kind of
trakone ian mandatory minimum policy
that he reinstituted this is a guy who
multiple times denied ever having any
contacts with any Russians then had to
amend that be made under oath because he
actually met with a surrogate kiss like
a couple times but he said we only
talked about Ukraine and other foreign
policy issues now it has emerged that in
fact kiss they Ike told his superiors
back in Moscow that they talked about
the 2016 campaign now it has emerged
that Papadopoulos who was a foreign
policy adviser was basically working
under sessions and the Trump campaign is
ready to sing what what did George tell
Jeff about what he knew because Jeff was
head of this committee that Papadopoulos
was if George was furiously telling
everybody in the senior ranks of the
campaign that the Russians had this dirt
and we ought to make these meetings what
are the chances that he did not tell
sessions regretting things late I know
I'm gonna be
but the person who really should be
regretting something today is Donald
Trump remember the only reason we have
robert muller and the special
investigation is because Donald Trump
made the unbelievably stupid mistake of
firing James Comey yeah and right and
listening to Jerry cush and listening to
Jared Kushner and so there you are man
it's a self-inflicted wound yeah I see
it
