hey everybody its David Sirota so I'm
sure you've heard about Mike Pence's
tie-breaking vote this week to kill the
Consumer Financial Protection bureaus
arbitration rule some background on that
rule before we get to the story of what
happened in the lead-up to pence casting
that vote the rule basically says two
financial firms you can't force your
customers to sign arbitration clauses in
contracts clauses that basically prevent
customers from being able to join
class-action lawsuits against banks the
CFPB rule was designed to protect
consumers rights to be part of
class-action lawsuits the rule was
justified by the CFPB as a consumer
protection measure basically saying that
financial firms need a deterrent to
behaving badly and inappropriately and
illegally and one of those deterrents is
the threat of class-action lawsuits
finance firms know that and so in a lot
of their contracts with customers in
that fine print when you sign up for a
credit card or a credit reporting kind
of services some of these contracts
include provisions saying you agree that
if you have a problem with the company
you can only have that problem heard in
front of a privately appointed
arbitrator you can actually join a
class-action lawsuit okay so pence casts
the tie-breaking vote in the Senate to
kill the rule the Congress has been
using the congressional review act to
kill rules passed at the end of the
Obama administration and they've been
moving to kill the CFPB rule and so
earlier this week pence in a late-night
vote cast the tie-breaking vote to kill
the rule now what wasn't mentioned in
much of the reporting but what we broke
at International Business Times is the
fact that pence was directly lobbied on
this specific issue by the major trade
association representing consumer credit
companies all sorts of lenders auto
lenders credit card companies and the
like they have a trade association that
has been according to federal documents
lobbying pence and
Pence's office on the arbitration issue
in fact in a letter that the group sent
to Pence's top economists it says that
they had meetings with Pence's staff and
that Pence's staff actually requested
initiatives and policy proposals to
quote reform the CFPB in other words
what this letter from this group has
said is that Pence's office was
soliciting effectively ideas on how to
dismantle or defang the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau that was
back in March that that letter was sent
and the group one of the things that it
said that the federal government and pen
should do is to repeal or block the
CFPB's arbitration rule and and again
they were this group the American
Financial Services Association was
directly lobbying pence
according to federal documents on the
arbitration issue pence has gotten a lot
of money from the lending industry not
surprisingly when he was in Congress he
raised more than a quarter million
dollars from donors in the lending
industry when he was running for
governor he raised about $260,000 from
donors connected to the lending industry
so his vote his tie-breaking vote wasn't
necessarily a surprise I mean this is a
guy who has been who has forged deep
ties to the lending industry and and he
was he was expected to to vote to kill
this rule but it's important to see just
how closely he was working he and his
office were working with one of the key
groups pushing to repeal this rule you
see it in those lobbying documents you
see it in that letter in which the in
which the American financial services
Association provides this detailed a
blueprint about how to dismantle the
CFPB providing it straight to pence
straight depends estoppel missed is a
former economist at the Cato foundation
the libertarian Cato Foundation so you
see this web of overlap
upping relationships in the lead up to
pence casting that decisive late-night
vote it's always important to follow
these documents to follow these
relationships and see how they work in
practice this is a very good example of
where you have an industry with a vested
interest in a policy outcome providing a
detailed legislative blueprint to the
very person who cast the deciding tie
breaking vote for a policy that that
industry wanted
