I wouldn't even use your face for your
campaign slogan I would use the picture
of Ted Cruz on the phone phone banging
for Trump where he looked miserable and
defeated and explained that that's the
guy he's not a strong guy he's a weak
guy and he'll do as he's told he's told
by his donors normally and if Trump
tells them after all the insults he'll
he'll go work for Trump so she's curious
what do you think of that strategy you
know I think what what really resonates
in Texas and and the judgment the Texans
have already formed is that upon being
sworn in in 2013 to this incredibly high
position of public trust Ted Cruz left
Texas and he was in Iowa and New
Hampshire and South Carolina and Nevada
and he wasn't in any of the places that
I've mentioned that we've been in Texas
already during this campaign and not
only did he campaign for the presidency
but in pursuit of that office he shut
down the government of the United States
and we have to remember he did it for
the reason that he believed that
millions of Americans who now had the
ability to see a doctor should be
prevented from doing so that we had to
repeal Obamacare the Affordable Care Act
and that came at terrific cost to this
country to the people of Texas to those
that he was sworn to serve and his
inability to get past his career his
ideology his partisanship means that he
hasn't been able deliver for the people
of Texas and they really care about that
they have taken note and it affords us a
big opening to talk about the way that
we have served in the house working on a
bipartisan basis having the courage of
our convictions never relenting from
that but being able to find some common
ground to get some things done for the
people that we care about that's the
contrast that we want to share with the
people of Texas and again I think for
most of them may be reflected in that
first poll in in April they formed their
opinion of him they're interested in
knowing what what it is I care about
what I want to do how working together
we're gonna make life better for Texans
and for this country you're a better man
than I am I like to you I don't know
that I like it that you're keeping it on
the high road I'd go with sad Ted Cruz
sad Ted and just that picture of him
will you vote for
anyway I think it goes to his character
I really do that he's not trying to look
out for the voters he's just constantly
worried about his career which is the
same thing you're saying but in nicer
terms to give you the juxtaposition guys
you might wonder hate why didn't Ted
Cruz wind up endorsing Trump after all
the terrible things that Trump said
about him his wife his father and he'd
done the kind of courageous somewhat
positioning move at the convention Cruz
had of not endorsing Trump but he
eventually did and he did the sad Ted
phone-banking
it's because his top donor in the
primaries was the Mercer room and so
Rebecca and Robert Mercer gave 13
million dollars to Ted Cruz and when he
did not endorse Trump during the
convention they slammed the door in his
face when he went to go see them in his
suite because he ran home to his daddy
his donors and so obviously well Robert
how did I do an ink you got the door
slammed in his face and like a good
servant turned around an endorse Trump
that's who Ted Cruz's so if you wind up
beating to Cruz it's not just that it
progressive it's not just that a
Democrat won in Texas a progressive who
ran on Medicare for all I want in Texas
but not only that you proved that you
could win uncorrupted
that will be gigantic it would make all
the difference
