now the great candidate that is in the
rebel headquarters TYT studios now is
Doug Applegate Doug you came within a
couple of inches of meeting darrell Issa
in your district last time around 1621
votes I keep saying that that's the
closest race in the country was it it
was a closest race in the last race call
okay and the last race ember 8 that was
called Wow took all the way to a month
from the election to call the race okay
so you obviously stand an excellent
chance of winning because you almost won
last time you're certain that Marines as
a colonel the district is barely
Republican plus one right so next time
around are plus five you think it's you
plus five yeah okay it's so you're
fundraising so far though that's the
thing with progressive sometimes the
fundraising is hard wrong seven hundred
and twenty four thousand dollars so oh
wow okay so Doug's not messing around
okay so I assume that all the Democrats
are behind you right well they will be
mm-hmm
they're they're gonna have to be because
nobody else can win that district mm-hmm
it's it's something that Darrell ices
average margin of victory up until last
year was thirty thousand votes
there's fifty thousand veteran
households and that's just not fifty
thousand votes that's fifty thousand
veteran households with partners and
spouses children and grandchildren
extended family and extended friends and
that's why in just sixty eight days of
campaigning we should have beaten Darryl
ISIF we would have had another seven
days or some real help in Orange County
hmm you'd be talking to congressman
Applegate right now and I'd be happy to
be here talking about the same issues
that's right so what do you mean if you
had help in Orange County well there
aren't any go teams there wasn't any
door slates hung on a single doorknob in
Orange County and everybody needs to
understand
I beat darrell Issa by six and a half
points in San Diego
and outperformed the presidential
candidate Hillary Clinton so when you
look at what we were able to do in a
Republican district in San Diego portion
of the California xlix
before we just would have had some help
from a county party but they've never
ventured into dark deep red South Orange
County which is San Clemente where I
live
Dana Point San Juan Capistrano and
Ladera Ranch
so Doug you're just Semak rat that means
you're real progressive and you're not
taking corporate back money and and
you're also described as as a as a
Bernie supporter you think that might
have had something to do with not
getting more help last time around I
don't I don't know because I I've quite
frankly even after they started
supporting me they they were surprised
at how well that we did I think that if
they knew what the potential was there
they would have given two or three more
weeks of additional support in August
because we were there after the primary
we had we were within four points four
four points and change of Darryl AB the
primary mm-hm and they really didn't
come in until after Labor Day
so that was 68 days I think that look I
ran on principle issues that I didn't
change over the last three years and I'm
doing the same thing this time around so
I think that's what you have to do to
beat somebody like darrell Issa darrell
Issa is not the problem he's a symptom
of the problem so what do you think is
the actual problem money not I think
that you know if you're going to talk
about the things that are important to
our campaign team Applegate you weren't
gonna get two hundred percent renewables
unless you do something about money in
politics you get rid of money in
politics you'll be able to get rid of
subsidies to the big oil and small oil
if you want single-payer health care
you're gonna have to get rid of the
money and until you do it's gonna be one
heck of a fight I'd use other words but
it's going to be one heck of a fight to
get to that when you talk about
and I grew up in a blue-collar family so
I understand the importance of having to
live livable wage and it's it's a sin to
see what we've done with minimum wage
over the last couple of decades but you
weren't going to touch that until you
get money out of politics
I love these candidates Democrats we're
gonna win we're gonna win okay so and
and of all the candidates boy you have
an excellent chance so I want to talk
more about the issues in a second but
one last thing I saw last week I almost
did a story on it about how
representative Peters is not backing you
he's a congressman right now who's a
Democrat that drives me crazy and I
think it's in a lot of ways it puts if I
can if I can say a lie to the idea that
oh they just want to be practical and
pragmatic right I mean what could be
more practical than supporting the
candidate who had the closest election
of the last cycle and who's raised all
this money who has this great background
who's got was right on the issues etc so
what do you what do you think's
happening there Doug well I think you
need to follow the Benjamins because all
of these congressmen that are starting
to climb into other candidates in list
of endorsements
they've always been friendly to me
they've always taught talk to me and you
know they'll go out of their way to say
hello so they're either hedging their
bets because they know the candidate
they endorsed isn't going to be there at
the primary or it's a it's a question of
money I mean people like to throw around
money no matter where you are in the
electoral process the primaries no
different I have to point this out there
is no less than 27 and it will be likely
to be 30 Democratic challengers against
incumbent Republican congressional
representatives in San Diego and Orange
County not bastions of liberal
thought and there's gonna be close to 30
very very soon you just have to ask
yourself that's no way to run a railroad
why why if your intent is to get control
of the House of Representatives do you
have the this school of lemmings
throwing themselves up on the beach to
try to get to the primary so and to me
that again the hypocrisy drives them
crazy because when Bernie was running
against Hillary Clinton they said no no
you got to get out of the race you can't
have a lot of people in the primaries
and now doug is the clear leader in the
race no question about it they're like
throw 30 people at him so it's it's
unreal the hypocrisy I almost called it
applegate gate so I'm gonna save that
I'm gonna save it
okay we'll use it all right see what
