can I just ask you know Joe mentioned
famously challenged people to run
against them progressives when
progressives wanted to meet with him and
he was very dismissive and he said you
know if you don't like me primary me
right isn't that did he say something
close to that he was more than
dismissive he said if you don't like me
vote me out if you don't like it primary
he's been very arrogant I can remember
one time in a town hall and you guys
seen the video I had to get an IOU at
the tolls I found out last minute that
he was in Charleston that's about 45
minutes from my house I thought maybe
I'll go one more time and talk to him
and beg him and he was arrogant then
when I told him we wanted clean water
and clean air and clean and safe jobs he
said we'd have to agree to disagree and
they were called my other frats never
cut there was coal miners in the crowd
and he he pointed to him and he said
these men need jobs so he basically told
me he didn't care that my family had
died like they had he didn't care for
those miners had clean water that was
his rebuttal jobs jobs jobs well yeah
I've news for him we want it all and the
coal miners were out in the parking lot
and we were talking about solutions and
we were talking about how to help West
Virginia and come up with solutions that
would benefit West Virginians and he's
not been doing that he's been serving
the coal industry yeah I just can't
believe that it's too much to ask for -
not not for everything we don't you know
nobody's asking for everybody in West
Virginia to have a mansion and a yacht
right - just ask for two simple things
jobs and clean water it's just I can't
believe that's too much to ask for so
and if your senator can't deliver that
why is he your senator
