we are now ready to announce the new
justice Democratic candidate for the
California Senate seat the one very
temporarily occupied by Dianne Feinstein
she's been in office for nearly half a
century through all of our political
career but soon she will be sent to
retirement by the person you're about to
meet without further ado let me
introduce to you Allison Hartson former
National Director of Wolfpack and new
Senate candidate and future senator from
California Alison welcome to The Young
Turks thank you play this as a justice
Democrat I you bet I will
yep all right excellent and and will you
be our champion I will be your champion
all right excellent now Allison you ran
a organization whose sole mission is to
get money out of politics but before
that you were a teacher I want to talk
about that in a second I'm gonna ask you
about that but first most important
question why are you running for this
seat California is really needs a bold
progressive to lead the way and I this
this particular race in 2018 is going to
be one of the most if not the most
important race in 2018 in the country
and that's because California is the
sixth largest economy in the world it's
because a lot of what we do does in fact
influence the country there's a saying
that says that goes the as California
goes so too does the country when I
first heard that I thought yeah okay I'm
sure every state says that mm-hmm but
then I started traveling around the
country with Wolf Pack and I talked to
state legislators and I talked to voters
on the ground knocking on doors talking
about the corrupting influence of money
in our political system and several
legislators and voters in different
states
would ask me if California had done this
yet and it wasn't just because or it
wasn't because of all that I lived in
California they didn't know that yet
they would ask me and then I would tell
them well I happened to be from
California and we did in fact pass our
resolution in California and then that
would cause them to to pause and say
okay and really really consider what it
is that their state should be doing to
so it is vitally important who we have
at the helm of California this Senate
race is is important that we have the
progressive in there not just for the
state of California but for the country
and quite frankly for the DNC we've got
to get these corporate Democrats out
alright now let me tell you another fun
part of this dramatic announcement I
will be Alice's campaign advisor so
we're coming we're coming at a hundred
miles an hour this will not be a normal
campaign and and I'll tell you why I'm
animated by tan house and I share your
sentiment about how important this race
is and that's why we spent so much time
trying to figure out who the right
candidate was and as you meet Allison I
think you'll see that she's the perfect
candidate for this she she's worked for
the last five years on the issue that
that people in California progressives
care the most about and she has a great
background as you guys are gonna see in
a second but when you find out how
conservative Dianne Feinstein is it is
unconscionable that she's our senator in
California she is against Medicare for
all she's against College for all she
says it's impractical but impractical to
give your kids free tuition and a shot
at the American dream she voted for the
Iraq war she voted for Bush's tax cuts
she's for the death penalty she's for
the Patriot Act she has never done
anything on money in politics she's
against marijuana legalization she
supports TPP and she's of course also
for warrantless wiretapping she has got
to go now Allison you say you're a true
progressive obviously people are gonna
want to know about that and so what are
the issues that you care about most well
you know it
it's it's really difficult to divorce or
separate one issue from another they're
all connected they all affect each other
the the intersectionality of every issue
that affects our everyday lives is
important for us to understand and so
education affects prison and health care
and the economy affect one another and
so we have to fight for all of these
things and we have to do it at the same
time but the one thing that is connected
to every single one of those issues is
the corrupting influence of money in our
political system and that is why I have
spent the last five years of my life
fighting to get a twentieth amendment to
the US Constitution that will overturn
citizens united and every other Supreme
Court case there's got in our country
into this mess we have to do that and
while we're doing that we also have to
make sure that we have Medicare for all
throughout the country that we have a
$15 minimum wage that is tied to
inflation every human being deserves to
make a living wage and we need to make
sure that students who earn their way
into college can afford it we need free
tuition for college
we need to deprive Atty our public
education system we need to do privatize
our private prisons and our detention
centers the list goes on they all feed
on one another and so we need people in
Congress who are going to understand
that all of these issues have to be
moving forward at the same time now
Dianne Feinstein is going to raise a lot
of money for this race as she always
does and she has taken is it tens or
hundreds of millions of dollars in
legalized bribes it's definitely up
there it's got to be hundreds of
millions of dollars but she's definitely
she has she's taken millions of dollars
from Big Pharma she's taken millions of
dollars from corporations she's taken
millions of dollars from from defense
contractors and these influence her
decisions and it's no surprise right
Dianne Feinstein is worth an estimated
eighty million dollars mm-hmm so if
she's worth eighty million dollars if
she's fighting like hell do
money out of politics bless her heart
but she's had 25 years in the Senate to
do something about money in politics has
she no she hasn't and that's just
exactly it right so so I'll give you one
example Bernie Sanders introduced an
amendment or a resolution in Congress in
2015 that would help to get a
constitutional amendment to the US
Constitution to overturn Citizens United
in related cases as I was speaking to
earlier
not a single co-sponsor on that that
means Diane Feinstein did not co-sponsor
and support Bernie Sanders amendment to
the US Constitution to address the
number one issue that polls show is in
the 90th percentile in the country of
people wanting to get this done that
cuts across party lines so sometimes
people say well how is Bernie I'm never
gonna get anything done well and how are
you gonna get anything done if you're a
progressive in Congress well duh but he
gave me anything done because his
colleagues are people like senator
Feinstein who are deeply deeply
conservative and bathed in the big money
now look guys if you want progressive
sue and whether it's any progressive in
the country not associated with just
Democrats not associated with Young
Turks or anything else bless your heart
you've got to give the small donations
so they could overcome and hear good
examples better or org has nothing new
with anything that I run I interviewed
him the other day he doesn't think any
PAC money and and I wish you join us at
just Democrats he hasn't yet but you
should support him he's running against
Ted Cruz and he and we need to defeat
Ted Cruz and the only way you can do it
is with small donors same thing with
Allison if you don't give a Jay Dems not
us slash Allison well then you can't say
hey we tried or I I I did my part by the
way if you were volunteer great
volunteers yes that would be great
Allison led an army of over a thousand
volunteers in the state of California to
pass the Wolfpack resolution so for
people who don't know what is Wolfpack
what was the resolution in California
what happened there Wolf Pack is a
political organization that is solely
working on the issue of money in
politics and specifically to get that
28th amendment to the US Constitution
and and so we are working state-by-state
to pass our resolutions to make sure
that we can get that amendment and in
California it was a jr1 we passed it in
2014 and Mike Gatto
Representative Mike Gatto who or form a
representative who was the sponsor of
that he along with I believe it was
Wieckowski was the representative or the
senator they had actually introduced it
beforehand they they have actually
decided on that before Wolfpack came in
to help them they were they were ahead
of the curve in that way so we do have
really good people in government who
want to get this done but they were they
were stopped because they didn't have
the right amount of pressure and
organization that they needed from the
communities so that's where Wolfpack
came in we came in in 2013 and I started
organizing a force to be reckoned with
and we figured it out every step of the
way and we eventually got it passed with
their help and working together to make
that happen
where did you come from right I know but
I want the audience to know how'd you
get him on the Wolfpack you were a
lobbyist before you're a politician
where were you
I taught high school uh-huh I taught
English and then I also taught an
intervention program for students who
are at risk of not graduating high
school and it was through teaching high
school and the number of the the the
impact that so many policies had on the
working-class community that I taught in
and on my own family through the
decisions around immigration and health
care and minimum wage and whether or not
my students could afford to go to
college so that should they bother
really working so hard in high school I
mean the one thing after another
I saw how these policies were affecting
real everyday lives and I finally saw
that it really came down to the
influence of money in our political
system and that's when I decided to get
involved in the movement and it was
through that that I found Wolfpack
through doing a Google search online
what do I take just google it
where's the Google yes and I'm gonna
keep on saying it Jane je Dems this
injustice emma-crats je Dems dot US /
Allison love the link below in the
description box if you're watching this
later and not live and so you google it
and okay but there's a million groups
working on this one of them is not
Dianne Feinstein but why did you choose
wolf Bank did you ICO to something
no I actually had no idea that you were
Janke no I didn't know who the young
turks are I didn't know who genk was and
and so but you know I read the plan I
read wolf pecks plan online and it was
not only the most logical plan but it
was the most aggressive one and I
understand and I know that the people of
this country and the state of California
in particular understand that this issue
of our democracy being corroded by the
wealthy elite who are incapable of
understand not but not necessarily bad
people but just incapable of
understanding the issues that we deal
with is is systemic and it's urgent
it is fiercely urgent we've got to do
everything we can right now and that's
why I made the difficult decision to
leave teaching to do this full-time
by the way wolf dash pack.com if you
want to help that cause if you want to
help just Democrats overall just
Democrats calm slash win okay now look I
agree with you that the California race
is monumentally important because if
progressives win in California and by
the way why doesn't California have a
progressive senator our senior center
should be incredibly progressive FoxNews
should be complaining about the senator
from California every day but they'd
almost never do we have an incredibly
conservative senator so Allison just a
final thought here so Feinstein
everybody says no she's been in politics
for half a century she has all the
establishment locked up she has almost
all the endorsements she's going to go
to the you know the
fence contractors and healthcare
companies and raise all that money so
you can't win so what's your answer to
that that's the reason I will win
because people are done with that we're
done and so as long as Pete we get out
there and we vote and and help me to get
the word out and let's do this together
this this isn't about me this is about
us all of us have got to come together
and show up every single day to make up
for the money that she's gonna raise and
that's what we're gonna do okay so no
PACs no PACs no corporate money all
right then it's on you guys if you want
a progressive senator you got to make it
happen and if you do it in California
then it opens the door to every other
race every media person in the country
always says all what progressives never
win and if progressives win in
California that will shock the world and
then get them to go hey maybe all the
other progressive candidates can win if
this so-called mighty Feinstein Falls
yeah then anything is possible that
opens up all the other 2018 races
especially we got around the ropes let
alone 2020 which is going to be
monumentally important this is your one
shot at the best star so let's go get
them and and like my role as campaign
adviser will be voluntary it'll be
informal and I'm acting as a as a person
here not as the guy who runs the company
or anything along those lines obviously
on this show we care about the issues
we're not like the rest of the media I'm
neutral I don't know maybe people on
death row who are innocent you know
maybe they should get executed anyway no
no they shouldn't get executed a hundred
and fifty people were on death row who
we later found out we're innocent I
don't want a senator who's for the death
penalty I don't want a senator who's
never going to try to get money out of
politics or Medicare for all so yes i JQ
ger care yes I would love to be your
campaign adviser and yes we are going to
defeat her we are all right you're gonna
go get it we're gonna go get it let's do
it I love it
Jay Dems not us slash Alison let's go
make it happen if you liked this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm /join
