we found out today how they're going to
respond to the attack yesterday and it's
not just going after this diversity visa
lottery program
Trump also told reporters today that he
would consider sending the terrorists to
Guantanamo Bay that's good and the White
House also said it considers him an
enemy combatant because he was of course
snatched from the streets of Fallujah no
he's a guy that was in New York what are
you talking about he's an enemy
combatant and as I tweeted earlier today
just like I want you to like come to
grips with the idea that Donald Trump
gets to label people enemy combatants
now so a little while back a couple of
right-wingers went and shot a couple of
police officers in Nevada and they said
they were doing for political reasons
and they laid the Gatson flag on their
dead bodies now should we have called
them enemy combatants they wanted to
kill our government officials because
they hated this country so much and and
they had a clear right wing political
opinion and that's why they did it now
you might have heard about that story or
barely ever heard about it at all
because if it's non-muslim we don't go
wall to wall with coverage non-stop and
not every politician is talking about it
I like it
oh yeah right-wing terrorists murdered
cops I don't care about blue lives at
all let's just move on
right so that's basically how that story
was treated should we have taken those
guys and put them into Gitmo and treat
them as enemy combatants of course not
because they're they're here it's on
American soil they committed an act you
see unlike Donald Trump I believe in our
justice system oh boy it's got a lot of
issues and I want to make it much much
better and there I have specific
constructive fixes that I think we could
do the justice system but overall do I
believe in that defendant should have
rights yes do I think they should have
habeas corpus yes I believe in our
Constitution in our justice system I
believe we could bring those monsters in
Nevada to justice and I could believe I
believe that it could bring this monster
in New York to justice and if you don't
believe in our justice system and you
don't believe in our former government
and you certainly shouldn't lead it so
what do you think about him announcing
today that he thinks our justice system
a joke and a laughingstock well then do
you think he's talking about those well
reasoned criticisms of systemic racism
in our just yeah yeah what do you think
it has something to do with the fact
that we realized this week that three of
his campaign staff including the former
campaign chairman have been arrested
yeah I'm sure talking about the two-tier
justice system where people with
affluenza are getting off for killing
people but if you're poor and you smoked
a joint you're gonna go to prison for
twenty years
all right oh yeah crowded prisons and
you know and then how their days are
overworked and how they're Charlie
giving people a dollar a day to work
with us basically slave labor okay no
he's not talking about any of that he's
saying I'm powerful and my elitist
friends were arrested for doing
something terribly wrong how dare you
arrest the rich and powerful and then
this guy who is a terrible human being
who should be brought to justice in New
York where he did the crimes so god I
don't believe in our justice system I
hate that American justices that's what
Trump said he said it's a laughingstock
and John gave you the exact quotes there
so he has he hates our system and he
says I don't believe in he wants to send
it to Gitmo
because get Mose lawless he believes a
lawlessness more than he believes in
America and our Constitution this guy is
not fit to be our leader cuz he doesn't
even believe in the concept of a country
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
