joining me now is rene hugginson she's
running in Missouri's fourth District
against representative Vicky Hartzler
who is a Republican seeking her fifth
term Renee welcome to the program hi
Jane thank you for having me no problem
so first let's start with your opponent
the incumbent does Vicky Hartzler agree
with the majority of the people of
Missouri on the issue of what you guys
had as proposition a the what they call
right-to-work which is an ironic label
or does she not agree with the people of
Missouri well Vicky Hartzler has signed
a National Right to Work bill and why
that's significant is Missouri as you
mentioned we just had an election voting
down right-to-work by 67% and the other
thing to me that's significant about
this I was with the the unions as we
went from the Capitol building in
Jefferson City to the Secretary of State
to deliver 300,000 signatures from the
Missouri people that said they want to
vote on this issue in August of 17
three times the number of signatures
required to put that referendum on the
ballot Vicki Hartzler two months later
signs co-sponsors national right-to-work
legislation so basically what she's
saying is she does not care that the
that the people of Missouri wanted to
vote on it she does not care that we
just had an election and and we do not
want to be a right-to-work state she
wants us to be a right-to-work nation
and it's just a slap in the face to
Missouri voters it's a slap in the face
to democracy it is a slap in the face to
families wages yeah being against
two-thirds of the voters doesn't seem
like a particularly brilliant strategy
or one that is based much on democracy
but of course the way that a lot of
these incumbents win in both political
parties is not because they're appealing
to the voters so much but because they
raise so much money and they drown on
voices like yourselves with all the ads
that they can buy in her case
the does the money come from the people
of Missouri or does it largely come from
the business interests who would like to
crush those workers rights exactly
that's exactly the problem when you look
at her filing on the FEC website half of
her money comes from PACs
coke money NRA money sugar money from
all over the nation we don't really know
why the other 45% comes from people that
can write $10,800 checks less than 5% of
her donations comes from people like you
and me jank my PAC money our months are
a my filing I have no PAC money I have
all individual donations we are a
grassroots campaign we've raised over
$300,000 we've had 3,800 people donate
to this campaign so our average donation
is right about 70 dollars and I
personally I could not be prouder to be
representing the people of this of this
state it's why I started running for
Congress a year and a half ago because I
knew that it was going to really require
a lot of groundwork it was really going
to require a lot of handshaking and and
meeting people where they are and and
and knowing that I would have a coke
funded a PAC funded well-funded
opposition opponent yes so that's what
that's just that's just the landscape
yeah and look we talked about on the
show often but still I'm not sure people
understand how difficult it is to raise
$300,000 without PACs to raise it you
know five bucks ten bucks a hundred
bucks at a time so it really shows
incredible grassroots support for your
mission so let's talk about what that
mission is I I hope we have time to get
back to your what you've done in the
past cuz I find that interesting too not
a lot of progressives with your
background but so what are the big
campaign issues that you're focusing on
well my fundamental why for running for
Congress is in my platform that I call
housecleaning reforms campaign finance
reform lobbying reform and redistricting
reform
and I believe that if we can get reform
in these areas get the money out of our
elections disempower the lobbyists and
ensure that our voters are actually
choosing their congressman we will
recreate our government and the image it
was originally conceived that really is
run by the people and for the people and
that's that's really my why I mean when
when senator Warren introduced her
anti-corruption bill on the Senate floor
I mean that I am just I am all about
that if I am lucky enough or fortunate
enough I guess to to be elected in
November and go in January if that bill
has come to the House floor I am gonna
be all over that and if it doesn't I
will submit my own I will introduce my
own piece of legislation that's an
anti-corruption bill because it has you
know this what we have right now is so
far from democracy I mean we basically
have oligarchs oligarchs and we have a
plutocracy really running this
government and it's just sort of dressed
up to look like democracy and we've got
to we've got to work to take this back
yeah I I also love Senator Warren's
anti-corruption bill she came on this
show rebel headquarters to introduce it
and and so if you're a vote in favor of
that I need everybody in Missouri fourth
District to rush out to vote for Renee
Hogan s'en because we have got to get
money out of politics we've got to clean
up what's happening here it's it's not
that much to remove from the oligarchs
in in Russia and other places that run
the place and these billionaires and
these multinational corporations that
buy all our all of our politicians it's
a disgrace to what's happened the
founding fathers said we need to be the
representatives need to be dependent on
the people alone and that is not the
system we have now we need that bill we
need we need an amendment we need a
convention we need all those things to
make that happen now you also say that
you want to provide a living wage for
working families so when you say that
what do you mean how would you get
improve the wages of the people in your
district well I'm glad you asked because
you know I get asked a lot about the $15
minimum wage and
i 100% believe that we have to have
living wages for our families the the
situation however in rural america in
lee in rural missouri i can speak to
that you know being being here rural
rural communities are about 25 percent
depressed compared to our metropolitan
counterparts and so really if you if you
created a wage that was $12 an hour that
would be that would be much more that
would be much closer to what $15 would
actually represent in Kansas City or st.
Louis as an example what I would like to
do because we have to we have to ensure
that our workers have living wages
that's I mean it's just it is a moral
imperative
so one of the things that I believe we
can do is we can help our small
businesses in particular to to sustain
and deal with these increased costs of
doing business so I would like to create
a quarterly tax credit commensurate with
the increase in the wages we do not want
to be shutting down our small businesses
especially in our rural communities our
rural communities are already struggling
so much largely due to the changes in
the antitrust laws that happen back in
the 80s and the lack of competition and
the you know the the higher higher
incidence of monopolies that we have but
you know which of course obviously is is
partly what has been crushing our wages
so we want to help our small businesses
in particular to sustain those increase
costs and that would be that would be a
great way to do it that would infuse
money directly into the pockets of their
employees and would stimulate their
local economies so Renee you would know
a thing or two about running a small
business because you ran three local
magazines and then sold them and and but
that's not the unique thing that I was
referring to about a progress is I don't
often see in their background there's
plenty of progressives who were business
people who were running today I know
because I interview them all the time
but what I haven't seen yet was that
you're a Rotarian my dad was in the
rotary so how was your experience in the
rotary out of curiosity well I I believe
in service I mean it's really it's a
again it's the y4y I'm running is I
believe that we need to step up if we
can and we need to serve and you know to
me serving in Congress would would be
the highest form of service that I can
that I can imagine so it's about service
it's about being a public servant and
that is and that is you know I don't
know if it's the the chicken or the egg
for me but I I just I believe in in
service as a principal of a happy life I
believe in in giving to others and you
know being a Rotarian has certainly been
part of that in my adult life I think
I've been it I think I've had a service
component to my life since well since my
early 20s really yeah I remember when
the rotary was taking a vote on whether
to allow women and I remember my dad who
at the time was a Republican was
conflicted about it because a lot of the
the guys didn't want that to happen and
that's the circle that he was in at the
end he voted yes to admit women and I
remember him telling me about it at the
kitchen table and he said I have done
lots of business at rotary club they
should have chance to well that's
awesome I'm so glad to hear that he
voted to allow women yeah I was a little
disconcerted I was already a member when
I realized that it was 1987 when rotary
allowed women allowed female members so
yes at the moment I realized that I
thought oh do I really want to be a part
of a group that that is so late coming
to this table but but that being said
you know rotary now the landscape of
rotary is is quite a bit different is
quite a bit more inclusive my first
rotary club we we have with the nickname
of the Women's Club so we had 50% female
membership and it was fairly young it
was much younger than the other than the
other clubs in Columbia Missouri where I
live we have eight different Rotary
clubs so it's a it's a very strong
rotary town I know a lot of other towns
will have other organizations other
service organizations that are maybe
more more predominant such as optimists
and lions and that's
and but in Columbia's rotary is rotary
is a very strong very strong brand if
you will
yep all right I want everybody to know
what the website is Renee Hogan send.com
and obviously she's gonna need your
volunteers in your donations to me as
possible because her opponent has a ton
of corporate PAC money and and this
election is winnable especially in what
appears to be a blue tsunami coming so
please get out there and volunteer and
donate for progressives who want to
fight for you you should fight for them
Renee thank you so much for joining us
really appreciate it thank you Jake I
really appreciate you having me thank
you
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT dot-com / app
