don't you like it when people come up to
you it's so funny because everyone has
their stories Jake and Hannah and John
actually had a funny one yesterday
because he was wearing it this is John
story he was wearing a white t-shirt and
some of Canada's that Oh gyt and John
was like ready to be like it and he goes
do you like work for them for something
he was like ready to be recognized yeah
anything he's like what are you like a
stagehand
have you touched it before well I have a
foot can I tell you sorry about that I
was at a restaurant in LA and Anna and
her then boyfriend at the time walked in
with another couple and so I went I said
to that they didn't see me all right so
I was in another table and I said to the
waitress I said do you think you can go
over there and say are you Anna in the
Young Turks and then when she says yes
tell her how hot you think Michael Schur
is I had this huge crush on Michael
short so so she walked over she did it I
mean you know she was so into Anna says
to Anna are you from Anna from The Young
Turks yet Anna was so happy right
because she was recognized and then she
said can you tell that and that was it
and then 20 minutes later 10 minutes
later I walk out and I walked past Anna
and she was so disappointed that I had
set it on but that didn't happen
organically
