the Republican senators got together
they want to talk about faith they're
doing a press conference but it's on
Monday so everybody's one are gonna want
to ask about mana for chuck grassley is
one of the Republic senators here who
was involved and he had put out a
statement and it was an interesting
statement before this press conference
saying that he's glad that prosecutors
are finally looking into the foreign
agent Act and a registration act and and
how important it is and how it is a non
partisan issue they should look into
Republicans and Democrats and he's
absolutely right about that and it looks
like Muller is looking at the
Republicans and Democrats
Tony Podesta well-known Democratic
lobbyists resigned yesterday and
obviously mana foreign gates have been
arrested from the Trump team and staying
with Papadopoulos so the reporters are
gonna want to ask about that but
Grassley is not going to want to answer
it so you're gonna be seeing John Cornyn
on the stage here and as he's talking
they will ask from about man afford the
segment first they'll you'll see in the
beginning of the clip they asked about
of the first time the second time they
asked about it the person you'll see
trying to sneak out of the room is Chuck
Grassley you'll see the side of his head
as he bumps into everything in the world
before immediately exiting stage I
suppose right let's watch anybody have
any questions for Senator Grassley or
anybody else appear on this on this
topic I have a question about a
different Catholic named Paul metaphors
today and and that's my that really is
an art job that's not our wheelhouse
were you if you wouldn't if y'all would
just hold on just a second that was
awesome
hey it's not the world's biggest deal
but I gotta get out of here and bumping
into things they're kicking me out
they're kicking me out well that would
be Jeb Bush in his case they were not
kicking him out they just asked about
man important one too many times that
Grassley had to get the hell out of it
even though other Republican senators
like Cruz are like and that is almost
literally running for the hill okay fun
times you might want to answer a
question or two you know you're supposed
to be our representatives help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm /join
