two more quotes that I thought were
really good I wanted to share with you
guys baina recalled an incident years
ago when representative Don young a
Republican from Alaska apparently
infuriated by banners incessant heckling
pinned him against a wall in the house
and held a 10-inch knife to his throat
Boehner responded with a two-word
obscenity Yong told POLITICO that the
account was mostly true and said Boehner
later served as best man in his wedding
okay that's a fun little anecdote among
Republicans we almost murdered each
other and then we decided we were really
good friends because we liked that act
of violence what's up with Republicans
getting super stabby like Ben Carson
talking about how he like almost stabbed
a person and that's a nice did I never
use for the Romans before super stabby
yeah but but those are two instances
yeah ben Carson was like I was gonna
murder my best friend by stabbing him
but it hit Hills his belt buckle and and
saved his life remember I'm an angry
violent black man from the Republicans
yes and then you see this quote from in
this Politico piece where John Boehner
goes off on other Republicans but this
is the one that's supposed to be
endearing oh good friend Don Young
almost cut my throat and repose like we
knew we liked Don Young for a reason
yeah yeah okay and then finally the
quote that I agree with the most we've
got some of the smartest people in
America who serve in the Congress and
we've got some of the dumbest we have
some of the nicest people you'd ever
want to meet and some that are Nazis Wow
Congress is nothing more than a slice of
America man these are strong words in
this interview
not only did he go off on Hannity
Limbaugh Chaffetz yeah and and Jordan
and all these other guys but to say that
because he's definitely not referring to
the left as Nazis in that context of
this political article he is clearly
referring to fellow Republicans to say
that some of them are Nazis Wow
so that's apparently what the Speaker of
the House actually thought about his
colleagues and now that he's not a
sleazy politician who has to lie all the
time he'd actually tell you the truth
yes some of us Republicans are fascists
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network calm /join
