this morning obviously gigantic news
with Paul Manafort and Rick gates from
the Trump campaign being indicted
surrendering to authorities and then
george papadapolis another campaign
adviser for the president has turned
evidence against them
so the entire Internet is buzzing and
Fox News noses as well so I'll find some
friends are going to talk about the
online frenzy let's watch emoji causing
a frenzy online we've been talking about
it all morning can you see what's wrong
with this picture the cheese is
underneath the hamburger who does that
compared to competitors google appears
to be the only tech company putting
cheese below the patty it's this nuclear
level distraction I mean it is
absolutely hilarious everybody online is
talking about something no not about
Kevin Spacey
that's another giant issue mana fork
nope never heard of them gates no
Papadopoulos you say Papadopoulos i say
it's not velov occurs no the media is
and the Internet is buzzing about where
the cheese goes in the cheeseburger
emoji they're not kidding that they were
talking about it all morning
here's more says location of the cheese
on a hamburger is based on which side of
the equator you were on what south it
goes down under okay all right Rana
writes I worked at a restaurant in my
younger days and we were taught with the
lettuce under the burger to keep the bun
from getting soggy interesting and
according to John he says as long as the
cheese is between the two pieces of
bread it works for me so I think people
that are through it all tastes the
sanded by it way to get to the bottom of
that Gillian good work yeah dude hey
Janice I actually in you know it looks
bad for Google I googled it and it
showed that the cheese should be on top
of the burger why don't we have
cheeseburgers to try it out I'm for that
let's let's let's order right now okay
I'm glad they're getting to the bottom
of really important issues on this
Monday morning with unbelievable news
now they hadn't gotten their talking
points yet
don't worry they did the White House
tweeted and and then later they would
recover and start to go oh yeah there's
the best geisha it's terrible I'll get
that in a second but let's talk about
other people's the stretches real quick
as well Paul Ryan's asked about it he
says quote people deserve tax breaks
nothing to do raise us from focusing on
that that's basically where a lot of our
time and attention is focused on right
now
in other words squirrel and hate
Republican donors don't panic don't
panic we're trying to get your tax
breaks keep trumpet office until we get
those tax breaks okay meanwhile Eric
Trump which I thought he was supposed to
be running the business why is he
sending out political emails but he does
to the Trump supporters and it's titled
still standing standing they did not
include the singing what do they want
money of course not for the Legal
Defense Fund yet for the campaign in
2020 mmm and we'll see if you get there
anyway they say there's a new opposition
against my father in this administration
every day but as a loyal supporter I
know you know the truth in other words
as a loyal supporter of Donald Trump I
know that you don't care about the truth
but anyway give us money so now back to
Fox News
later in the day they've decided okay
the emoji cheeseburgers things not
working so what are we gonna do instead
they're gonna do this look at this
screengrab we got from Fox News is that
graphic large enough for you guys that
monitor Robert Moeller credibility in
question Muller facing questions over
his role as FBI director during Obama
urine you're a Russian uranium deal what
did I tell you I literally made a video
about this over the weekend knowing that
they were gonna go in this direction
because I was like keep talking about
Hillary Iranian one years later what
difference does it make I was like oh
they're gonna say Muller was the head of
the FBI during that time and use it as
an excuse to attack Muller so they
finally got that talking point and then
the giant graphic comes into place they
say Muller facing questions facing
questions from who you guys no one else
that is a completely unrelated story but
not on Fox News on Fox
that's the main story so here they are
later in the day here's a matcha
this comes as Muller faces growing
questions over his credibility leading
the probe and potential conflicts of
interest I think that he has to be very
very careful about making sure that the
public believes that he has no conflicts
and that his integrity is unquestioned I
think there are issues here which he's
going to have to address because it is
going to involve the investigation what
the FBI was doing and not doing at a
critical time during our relationship
with Russia when he was head of the FBI
the New York Post columnist Michael got
a good one put this out he said any
honest probe must examine the Obama
White House of Justice Department Muller
served as head of the FBI for more than
four years under President Obama and
cannot be expected to investigate his
former colleagues and bosses but without
that necessary step his work would be
incomplete at best so it's time for him
to say bye-bye his point is that he's
compromised and he cannot conduct the
fair an independent investigation by the
way New York Post and Fox News owned by
Rupert Murdoch a giant ally of Donald
Trump asking questions they're just
asking questions about whether Muller
should be replaced in the middle of
finding incredible evidence of collusion
with the Russians and the Trump campaign
and dutifully of course Republicans like
Chris Christie and Peter King all over
television saying China no man I don't
know can we really trust this guy
well the evidence is already in on manna
fort and gates and Papadopoulos yeah I
know but squirrel cheeseburger emojis
your desperation to cover up for it only
makes the fact that there is a giant
story here even more apparent
so as usual Fox and the Republicans
being hilariously counterproductive
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network com slash join
