now that mana fort and Rick Gates his
protege and associate have been indicted
12 counts against vana Ford and now that
we know George papadopolis a campaign
official for Donald Trump has already
turned evidence against them let us now
check the temperature of Donald Trump's
Twitter account where it socata be well
let's put it this way climate change is
finally in effect over there so before
the Papadopoulos news
here's Trump ranging over the weekend
knowing that an indictment is coming and
at the time was under sealed
he said never seen such Republican anger
and unity as I have concerning the lack
of investigation on Clinton made fake
dossier now 12 million dollars okay I'll
get to why a he keeps bringing up
Hillary Clinton in a second
they then he goes on to say the uranium
to Russia deal the 33,000 plus deleted
emails the Comey fakes there's so much
more instead they look at phony Trump
Russia collusion he puts in air quotes
which doesn't exist the Dems are using
this terrible and bad for our country
witch hunt for evil politics but the
Republicans are now fighting back like
never before
there's so much guilt by Democrats /
Clinton and now the facts are pouring
out and then big bold capital others do
something it's one of my favorite cries
for help
I've ever heard on Twitter Donald Trump
screaming in agony agony thing okay so
why is he screaming about Hillary
Clinton when the Russian investigation
has nothing new with Hillary Clinton
maybe he thinks it's inconceivable that
he won and he just can't believe it's
like the rest of us like he wakes up
every morning like really I'm president
shouldn't Hillary be president let's
investigate her okay not likely the real
answers are number one of course he
wants to distract you that's obvious
right
swirl okay but the more important part
of their answer is they are later going
to make the claim and in fact today it
has begun
well Robert Mahler was
the head of the FBI during the Obama
administration when the uranium one deal
was done so I don't know maybe Muller's
maybe Mahler was biased I mean I'm not
getting rid of him because he's doing
the investigation I guess me know we had
to get rid of him because he didn't do
the investigation about Hillary Clinton
years and years and years ago that is
why all of a sudden I'm outraged that he
didn't do that investigation no they are
setting it up as an excuse to fire
robert muller if he is fired Trump
should be impeached immediately look if
you'd like to start an investigation on
something that went wrong six years ago
that's an interesting conversation to
happen one who should have as alongside
this one and I think the uranium one
deal I'm not with other progressives in
the media I think the uranium one deal
was problematic but Hillary Clinton is
not president she didn't win she's
incredibly irrelevant I don't even know
if the statute of limitations ran on it
if you want to go back and investigate
that whatever but that has nothing to do
with Robert Moses current investigation
of Donald Trump which is of course a
reason why Donald Trump is in an
absolute panic so he now this he had
said back in June so he began this theme
as the investigation was picking up
steam I don't know if he knew the
Papadopoulos was going to turn evidence
at that point but he said you are
witnessing the single greatest witch
hunt in American political history led
by some very bad and conflicted people
hashtag manga so even back then he was
like Muller
I don't conflict of interest I mean what
he didn't do this thing against Hillary
so that's why when he finds out evidence
hard core evidence that people on my
campaign did tax evasion money
laundering had clear ties to the
Russians and wanted me to meet with the
Russians that's some of the things we
learned out from the Papadopoulos case
yeah no no don't worry about any of that
Muller conflict of interest I got to get
rid of him he's got the evidence I got
to get rid of him his panic gives you a
sense of how connected Trump was to all
this
the manna fort evidence so far the the
things that have been presented in
public or largely against manna Fortin
rick gates and their ties to russian
oligarchs it is as I stated earlier in
the show it is possible that Trump was
not did not know anything about that and
he could just say hey listen man these
guys were apparently trying to pay back
a nineteen million dollar thing they had
with the oligarchs it has nothing to do
with me and and I'm outraged by it I
can't believe that they potentially put
my campaign in trouble he's not saying
that instead he's saying
I gotta get rid of him we do uranium on
Benghazi dust yeah I don't know I'm
gonna panic if you didn't do it why are
you in such a cold sweated panic over it
so now he finds out about Papadopoulos
and and all the things that happened
this morning
and he gets even more crazy he says all
this Russia talk right when the
Republicans are making their big push
for historic tax cuts and reform is this
coincidental
not you're a child he's the president
can you believe he's the president and
he's saying things like not it's not how
it works anywhere you're not supposed to
ask the question and they scream not
you're supposed to say coincident don't
not I have to teach you these things
okay anyway what a child what an
unbelievable petulant child and also
guilty all right and by the way the
other reason for that tweet is hey rich
people all my donors and all the people
in charge and empower for remember I'm
going to give you tax cuts I'm trying to
get the tax cuts don't don't throw me
away yet okay he goes on to say sorry
but this is years ago before Paul
Manafort was part of the Trump campaign
why aren't crooked Hillary and the Dems
to focus I'm going to say for the
billionth time now because Hillary
Clinton is not president she doesn't
have any power she's wandering around
around in the woods your attempted
distraction has no subtlety so it looks
absurd
you're too frankly unintelligent to
realize that
but you think just screaming squirrel
louder will do the trick
no it makes everyone realize that you're
screaming squirrel and that you want
them to be distracted from the thing
that we're supposed to be looking at
you're making it more obvious which is
usual for Donald Trump because he's not
that bright and his last tweet if this a
great example of that and it goes with
dot dot dot also there's no collusion he
capitalizes if you weren't sure Donald
Trump was involved before after the
tweets you become more sure
counterproductive as usual really Trump
supporters you think he's screaming from
the rooftops about the dogs yeah no
because he's not at all worried perhaps
he knows something that you Trump
supporters don't which is that he did it
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership tea white tea
network.com slash join
