did Paul Manafort and the Trump campaign
have financial ties to the Russians well
I think Paul Manta Ford did a better job
in revealing that than anyone else this
is earlier when he was asked about it on
CNN he had this wonderful hilarious
answer so to be clear mr. Trump has no
financial relationships with any Russian
oligarchs that's what he said and that's
what I said that's obviously what the
position is
you'd be a so today madame fort is
brought in has surrendered to the
authorities
he's charged with 12 counts he clearly
had ties to the Russians overwhelming
evidence in the indictment and that's
why the grand jury brought it in but she
asked during the camera that was a clip
from the campaign whether Trump had
financial ties to the Russians that
question has not been answered yet but
you can tell from Madame Ford's answer
that the correct answer is a B boo hoo
boo boo boo boo that's her official
position I'm amused that he couldn't
even bring himself to like clearly there
I didn't say he didn't have ties I just
said that was our official position I
almost said he had ties then changed my
mind
two different times in the middle of
that answer FC stammer can't touch this
okay that was this telling a clip as you
I've ever seen
one last thing guys if you see that clip
and you think no that affords innocent
and so is Trump I'm sure this was a
perfectly good answer I think these guys
have no connection to the Russians
you're either stupid or disingenuous and
I don't care what side of the political
spectrum you're on you're looking at if
I don't see anything I don't see
anything he looks totally it isn't to me
really perhaps you have another reason
for thinking that I don't know what it
is I do know that that did not sound
like an innocent guy who had no ties to
the Russians help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network dock
come /join
