Republicans in Congress are planning on
proposing and voting in favor of
legislation that would ban pregnancies
past six weeks now they're referring to
it as a fetal heartbeat bill and the
argument here is if there's a heartbeat
which can be detected as early as six
weeks well then the abortion should be
outlawed it should be banned now on
November 1st a Judiciary Committee will
hold a hearing to discuss HR 490 it's
known as the heartbeat Protection Act of
the proposed bill which is sponsored by
representative Steve King of Iowa would
make it a federal crime to knowingly
perform abortions without determining
whether the fetus has a detectable
heartbeat without informing the mother
of the results or after determining that
the fetus has a detectable heartbeat a
lot of women don't even know that
they're pregnant at six weeks right so
this would effectively outlaw abortion
it would be very difficult to obtain an
abortion if something like this passes
now of course the constitutionality of
this will be challenged if it makes its
way all the way to the Supreme Court one
would hope that the Supreme Court would
look at precedent and rule in the right
way
but considering you're near Neil Gorsuch
I don't know I don't know what will
happen I'm a little concerned about that
so let's let's have a conversation for
once about something they don't that
neither side almost ever talks about so
on the one side we know that we can't
say that it's a person only when it is
born right because there are there is
the issue of viability and that's why in
Roe vs. Wade in the third trimester you
cannot have an abortion okay now it's
very rough and I've got my issues with
roe v wade and how it was decided and
the exact things but as legislation I
think that viability makes perfect sense
as as to the drawing line because it's
too far when you just say birth right
and it's too early when you say right at
ejaculation I mean let's keep it real
and this is what we're talking about
right and so others don't stop there you
keep
going where does it come from yeah the
testicles yeah but but nobody nobody
ever talks about that right nobody's you
know why are we proposing testicular
removal Tuesdays so but no but the
Republicans really are believe in big
government so large that they say the
minute the ejaculate is inside a woman
it's our property okay and you're not
allowed to touch it but it's it but wait
a minute the egg in the and the sperm
are inside my body and there were
nowhere near human nowhere near human
right and and they say no I don't care I
don't care this is the one and only time
that I actually care about people when
they're not yet people so so why is
viability I think the right time to for
the state to care because then you have
not a deep even if you think it's a life
form and you know and a lot of pro-life
people genuinely believe it's a life at
moment of conception right but it is you
cannot argue that it is an independent
life form it is dependent on another
life form that is not a black and white
issue that's not an easy issue where you
say okay it's either before or either a
person or it's not a person no all right
no it is attached to another human being
right so that is incredibly relevant
once it as an independent life form then
the state can say hey you don't have to
take care of that life form anymore we
now have a right to protect that life
form okay but I think before there
becomes independent it is dependent on
the mother and yes they have every right
to do with that entity in any way that
they choose but they don't want to take
care of it once it's independent James
what is their dependent it's like oh
really you want preschool oh you want
like you want to see a doctor for free
that's not gonna happen
like early childhood development no none
of that oh you want maternity leave do
you want to like nurse your baby you
nope none of that like nothing matters
of
this baby's life other than the woman
that it is attached to for those six
weeks or nine months or whatever it is
and I totally agree with you yes the
third trimester is not the first
trimester and and there is a difference
absolutely but I think the last time I
was on the show we were talking about El
Salvador random aside but El Salvador
abortion is 100% criminalized so what
happens and this is the slippery slope
when you start to incrementally like you
know roll back row v Wade and this level
is that women get pitted against their
own zygote so their lives are actually
take a backseat to the the life that's
inside of them whether viable are not so
just in the time that since I was here
last week a young woman who was
suffering leukemia who got pregnant who
wanted an abortion and sought an
abortion and was denied an abortion died
she died because she couldn't she was
denied her medication to be able to
treat her leukemia and guess what her
baby didn't live either because the baby
was never gonna live such a great
pro-life position to have I mean I know
the viability thing is tricky because
you know what if you get into issues
like you said like where the mother's
health is at risk you start to get into
very murky waters if you know if there
were certain moves incest or rape and
you know for whatever reason because
there could be a million reasons the
woman isn't able to access an abortion
until the third trimester then you're
starting to get into tricky you know
you've conceded the huge amount of
ethical ground saying that the that the
viability of the fetus causes it to you
know have you know be illegitimate for
an abortion so I don't know I just it's
very tricky I'm not gonna say that
there's just like a you know like you
said it's a black-and-white issue but I
think that just it's like we're gonna
build you know a movement around it or
something it's it's just I can't see how
you can start to conceive so much ground
you know to to the conservative position
yeah because there is a ton of I have to
jump e to Gaetti real quick because I
think that unfortunately even on this
panel we've allowed a right wing talking
point to become credible and legitimate
when in reality it is not
or legitimate the vast majority of
abortions happen in the first and early
second trimester right
the only time you find doctors that are
willing to do late term abortions is
when the woman's life is in danger or
that that fetus is not ever going to be
viable there are serious abnormalities
and you know developmental issues there
and so they fear for their lives right
performing those abortions that's it
there are like there may be two or three
left in the country right and so you
know the way that those on the right
paint abortion is so inaccurate they
make it seem as though it is like a
living breathing like it's about two you
know aliens yeah yeah that woman is
about to give birth to a healthy baby
and then she decides oh last minute
maybe I don't want this pregnancy
anymore it goes to an abortion clinic
and then they do this late term abortion
it doesn't work that way
right all the baby parts yeah and this
to protect life so those are clear lies
about the baby parts and stuff and it's
proven so but here look the the but once
it's viable I don't think that there's a
conversation I look even rape incest
doesn't matter I mean it's if the if the
baby's born it didn't you obviously
can't do anything about it even if it's
rape or incest and that viability it is
to me their equivalent of born and so
and and so and I think and by the way
that's what basically what Roe vs. Wade
says as well so and that is basically
the law of the land right now and it's
right that that's almost never relevant
because almost all the abortions happen
way earlier it's so it's just we're
talking about it I only bring it up in
the context of I think that that is the
right balance to strike but if you start
saying zygotes or human beings it's not
factually true and even if it were
somehow true and you could convince
people that a zygote is a human being it
is at the very least a dependant
life-form not an independent
we could haggle over like healthcare for
living people you know I wish we were so
concerned about week-to-week cancer
patients who can't afford their you know
their treatments and that how are they
doing in week two and week three and
what's their development I mean I wish
that Congress our which Republicans were
as concerned with you know people who
are living as zygotes and so my question
I want to ask you know jank you but but
Anna you and you guys are covering this
all the time like why do Republicans
always when I feel like when they lose
everywhere else
women's rights they launched they
launched a multi-front war there that's
the Republicans are very good at it's
different from Democrats in that one
they they're when they're in power they
attack every front like with full force
and then they force like progressive
activists to like it's like oh my god
fire here fire here fight here and then
like you know quietly two days ago Mike
Pence cast the deciding vote to prevent
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
from allowing class-action lawsuit so
that just flies right under the radar
you know because there's like a
multi-front war going on and and that
that's something that they're just
always always very good at it's
something it's very different from what
Democrats do when they're in power were
they're like maybe we'll try this thing
and debate people to to bait us into
having these conversations to bait us
into sin to you know well Francesca is
pro-abortion she loves abortion you know
I mean are do to bait us into having
these non shades of gray are your
conversations that are the take
seriously you know issues of abortion
and I feel like it's just it's just red
meat for like you know the red states
well yeah it is red meat and and you
look intentions matter and so
representative Steve King is a loser
right and it's he's not the only loser
in Congress Congress as a whole is full
of losers because they can't get
anything done so how do they get
reelected
they pander to their right-wing base
with this nonsense you think I mean I'm
curious to see how many women he's slept
with who have had abortions right
because I'm not gonna buy for a second
that someone like Steve King hasn't
knocked up a mistress or two okay
speculate
but we've had a number of right-wing
genotype exactly they get their mistress
is pregnant and then all of a sudden
abortions fine and dandy it's for
political brownie points nothing more or
to control women they hate the fact that
women can decide their own fate and last
thing is look seven M ten marries
literally sixty-nine percent is actual
number nice are our pro-choice
so and believe reverse way should be
protected but the reason the Steep kings
of the world do this is because it does
work with their base and they all get
riled up and all the three out of ten
all go vote on this one issue even
though it is unconstitutional and they
know realistically they cannot pass it
but but people who are pro-choice to
seven out of ten no they don't vote both
at the base on this issue and yes
women's rights are constantly attacked
but a lot of times the Democrats are not
able to energize women and say for God's
sake let's defend ourselves
they are canta nandos point they're
constantly on that attack and then
Democrats cannot find a way to muster up
the defense let alone to counter-attack
against these guys and that's why they
keep putting up bills like this because
it keeps getting them votes I should
vote the other way you're seven out of
ten you're not three out of ten you
should win in a democracy qit membership
gets your commercial-free Young Turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
