the Parliament in Catalonia voted and
they have voted in favor of independence
leading the central government of Spain
to quickly dissolve it or attempt to
dissolve it now the final ballot in
Catalonia was 7210 in favor of the
Declaration of Independence in the
Catalan Parliament where 55 Deputies
declined to vote showing deep divisions
you can remember earlier a couple weeks
ago there was a vote in Barcelona that
basically indicated the cat alone the
the people in Catalonia wanted that
independence however voter turnout was
around 40% partly because they were met
with violence by police officials that
were sent by the central government of
Spain now Spain's Prime Minister does
not agree with this effort to secede and
as a result he plans to dismantle the
Catalan government suspend its ministers
dissolve its Parliament and also take
over regional police now it's unclear
how that's gonna happen or what they're
planning on doing to lead to all these
you know bullet points that I just
mentioned but things are getting bad
things are getting really bad and we
actually have someone here from
Barcelona who knows a thing or two about
the situation yeah only we only had an
expert on Catalonia go well this is a
very complicated and fluid situation
right the Catalan government announced
independence and a majority government
basically immediately said ok no you
your government is now illegitimate the
question though now is how does the
Madrid government exert its state power
over Catalunya which is one of the
largest and richest regions in Spain
right you know literally how are they
going to you know force them to
dismantle because if the government in
Catalunya doesn't recognize the
government rid and they declare
independence you know they're basically
you know saying putting all their chips
on the table and saying like either you
guys basically invade or you know we're
just gonna continue going soldiering on
the complicating factor in this which is
different from
you know other independence movements
that have been in the past in Europe
such as Montenegro and Czech Republic
which the Czechoslovakia is that the
people of Catalonia are about 50/50 I
mean it is like probably below 50% on
favoring independence but around 50/50
so basically half the population is
completely freaked out right they
they're there staring at the edge of the
abyss they're saying they feel like
they're being pushed off a cliff right
so what's gonna happen in in theory
there's gonna be elections regional
elections in December but it's highly
likely that the independence parties are
not even going to participate they're
gonna get declare it into illegitimate
and they're gonna try to force the hand
of Independence because if you think
about it it doesn't make sense to run
twice on on the issue of Independence
right they're gonna say like okay this
time we're really gonna do it you know
like they can't they have to they have
to go all-in Now or Never
I have a quick question so what what I
gather is that part of the reason why
they want to separate so badly is
because it is a wealthier part of Spain
wealthier region where they pay a
disproportionate amount in taxes which
it seems like they don't have a problem
with that if they felt like they were
getting something in return but they
feel as though the government is denying
them certain services that other parts
of Spain receives am I getting that call
sure I mean but that's that's just I
mean you know California which is
wealthier than another like Missouri
contributes more than Missouri does in
taxes and gets you know I mean like
that's just federalism right the
wealthier regions subsidize the poorer
regions right which is why I mean to me
the big I mean has a person on the left
and a person from Spain and Catalunya
like I've always had problems with
Catalan nationalism because it's a force
it's a right-wing reactionary force
right there this idea that they want to
separate from Spain and sort of
basically you know you know take my take
my pie and I'm gonna eat it all you know
rather than you know help out other poor
Spaniards like I find to be like wrong
ethically morally and everything right
it is that's the and that's one of the
strange things about the Catalan
independence movement is that you know
contrary to Scotland or Montenegro
whatever these are poorer regions sort
of liberating themselves from a rich
quote-unquote oppressor this is the
richest region saying like no no you
guys are holding us back we're gonna get
out of here it escalated so quickly
which is crazy right like I like what do
you think the Spanish government should
have done or the central government cuz
it's like they why repress people in a
vote that 40% turned out to that was
largely symbolic it's just like let them
vote well yeah I mean that's that's
exactly right when when five years ago
when Mariana turquoise right-wing
government took power in Madrid
independence was you know below 20% in
the polls right five years later it's
around fifty percent and the you know
the country's falling apart
right in those five years Rocco and his
right-wing government have basically
taken the approach of like shut up we
don't even want to talk to you
you have zero legitimacy just shut up
you know and of course all that has done
is it's been a factory for independence
people like it's just like okay yep keep
on going you know just give us more and
because and it's just fueled attention
so much instead he should have extended
a hand together yeah oddly like the
British Tories did to Scotland right the
it was the British right-wing government
the Tories that offered Scotland a vote
and then did a positive campaign you
know like you know Scotland we love you
you know remain but why and you don't
want it ended up they ended up voting to
remain which is probably have happened
in Catalunya if they had given them the
vote it's almost as if pushing people
into a corner and always relying on
conflict is not a great strategy almost
you know that's why they pay you the big
bucks
yeah and that's my main contribution has
a story because he's got it
and the only thing that anybody else
wanted from this story for it was
Fernando to say Catalonia again if you
like this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
com slash join
