there is a scandal brewing and it has to
do with a 300 million dollar contract
for the redevelopment of the electrical
grid of Puerto Rico right now that went
to a company called white fish energy
which you might not have heard of before
this week because nobody had heard of it
before this week because it is a company
that was developed in the past two years
and had just two permanent employees as
of just about a month or two of go and
that scandals looking even worse today
because a copy of the contract that they
signed with the one of the Commission's
having to do with that redevelopment of
Puerto Rico has been leaked and some of
the provisions of it are ridiculous
we're going to break down to on the show
today
here is a discussion with a spokesman
for whitefish energy over the first
provision whitefish contract states in
no event shall government bodies have
the right to audit or review the cost
and profit elements why would that make
sense knowing how difficult these
situations are knowing that even Puerto
Rico if you go back to 1998 there's been
misuse of funds there's been corruption
why enter into a contract that's not
offering complete transparency at a
desperate time Stephanie is the contract
was done in good faith with prepa and
the procurement people at prepa the
contract speaks for itself is the
ability to get the work done yeah I
think it speaks for itself - let's throw
one more out there and we're gonna have
a little bit more discussion with that
that spokesman in a bit but another
aspect of the contract says that prepa
the the Puerto Rico Electric Power
Authority which signed the contract
waives any claim against contractor
related to delayed completion of the
world but why are you worried about that
I'm sure that they're gonna hit all the
deadlines otherwise why would that put
it wait a minute if you put that in the
contract maybe you're thinking you're
gonna miss some of the deadlines so my
favorite part is that in no event in no
event shall you ever audit our costs
well how about the event that you don't
do any work you take 300 million dollars
and you go back to Whitefish Montana and
every giant party with rides inky
how about in that event No
in no event persuasive did you see that
guy that was just like trusted his
second chin like his face I didn't trust
but that second chin was just there's no
corruption screaming screaming total
crow he is getting off his ass as soon
as that interview was done and Trump has
never had any accusations of hiring
contractors and and then not paying them
he's never happy he's never done nothing
that's a good point
actually now I'm I kind of understand
why they'd be worried yeah you see the
way that you know Iraq and Afghanistan
had been given you know hospitals that
are not in use or like they were built
and then actually weren't they weren't
even there not people or patients to
even utilize those hospitals I mean I
feel like if we could just find a way to
reverse invade Puerto Rico or restage
this whole thing rebuild it then there
would actually be some kind of you know
some some real help there it's what's
ridiculous to me though is that I
remember doing a story before the right
after a week after the hurricane
thinking man this is the opportunity
that so many energy companies have
wanted to privatize prepa right this
failing national electrical grid that
everyone knows needed to be fixed and a
lot of people are licking their chops at
this deal and it goes to the least
qualified and the most nepotistic you
know possible company which i think
chuck us all for one because it was like
well we know there's gonna be something
messed up with it all this privatization
someone's gonna get rich off of Puerto
Rico but at least maybe people will
actually you know get the lights on
a month later yeah it's a great answer
to the question of how in 2017 can we
have a whole fresh new wave of
colonialism right yeah well just wait
for a disaster to strike and then sell
off the whole goddamn country and
colonialism that's what I'm saying we
just go they can be a little better well
so this is the Shock Doctrine right this
is what Naomi Klein talks about well
we've got a crisis so it's a perfect
opportunity advantage
and you know the the mo the the Trump
guys they're brazen they're like nothing
matters we could shoot a guy on Fifth
Avenue and it wouldn't matter so if you
miss the when this story originally
broke whitefish is one of their
investors is a heavy Republican donor
and donated to not just the party but
Trump specifically but that's not that
surprising I think the more relevant
part of it is that the CEO is really
good friends with the interior secretary
Ryan Zinke who I mentioned earlier not
only that I love how brazen over-the-top
it is in that white fish is the name of
the hometown of Ryan's inky the interior
secretary okay yeah so they're not
they're not remotely trying to hide it
they're like yeah this is my bud I and
he only had two guys in this company and
I gave him a 300 million dollar contract
but just to rub it in your face a little
bit more to the point of this story
today we also said in the contract you
could never look inside our cause and
you could never audit us and haha so on
top of it I mean bear in mind it was a
no-bid contract this seems like the sort
of thing that you could probably have a
little bit of competition for they love
competition don't they supposedly and I
had missed this fact I actually a
Stephen Colbert mentioned this on his
show yesterday that Dinky's son had a
summer job at a whitefish construction
site which is weird obviously that
doesn't make me feel a little bit better
that they have apparently actually had a
construction site in the past I wouldn't
believe that that would be the case but
anyway with all of this and all of a
concern about the likelihood that in
this particular case and more broadly it
looks like the mo of the government
right now is to just hand every single
dollar off to these private corporations
we're very worried about that thankfully
there are some investigations into this
particular one two House committees and
a federal watchdog of all open
investigations into the deal San Juans
mayor has actually called for the deal
to be voided and FEMA put out a
statement early today saying based on an
initial review and information from
prepa FEMA has significant concerns
about how prepa procured this contract
and has not confirmed whether the
contract prices are reasonable FEMA
officials said is important for all
applicants for FEMA public assistance to
understand and abide by federal
regulations for the funding otherwise
otherwise they risk
not getting a reimbursement from the
federal government now I don't know if
the stipulations of the contract will
actually stop the sort of investigation
that we want to happen now and
understand that FEMA is not exactly some
sort of independent player in all this
it is of course headed by another one of
people picked by Donald Trump but at
least with all the public attention it's
possible something will be done in the
small ray of hope around this same with
the drug czar I think we're gonna talk
about later right is that like the
administration doesn't seem completely
immune to public pressure that this
outrage like okay I get the small
business thing but really two full-time
employees are gonna fix the electricity
of an island with 3.5 million people No
so like there's a for me it's like maybe
there's a learning curve maybe the
building blocks are being put in the
right order of the you know the alphabet
volleys yeah and and to be fair to the
Republicans Republic's on the house
natural resource committee have also
raised questions and so they're saying
like this looks particularly fishy okay
so we'll see if that that makes a
difference but the bottom line is that
that there's a reason why they put stuff
in the contract that you cannot look at
what they're doing because they didn't
want you to be able to investigate what
they're doing
given how yeah fish eat it help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
