some are questioning whether or not
there is a huge double standard when it
comes to this issue of sexual harassment
and sexual assault in the entertainment
industry now Harvey Weinstein has gotten
a lot of justified criticism and
backlash for decades of victimizing
women in the industry however recently
Ellen DeGeneres shared something on
Twitter that is making some men raise an
eyebrow okay so she wanted to celebrate
Katy Perry's birthday by posting a photo
and the photo shows her staring at Katy
Perry's breasts and then her tweet says
happy birthday Katy Perry it's time to
bring out the big balloons get it yeah
clever okay so now here's the backlash
that Ellen DeGeneres got example number
one was Piers Morgan and he said the
following if a man made this joke Ellen
would lead the cries of sexist pig but
you don't know that at all so I'm sure
that a lot of people would say that that
was sexist of a guy did it but would
Ellen lead cries of sexist pig there's
no evidence to that effect at all I feel
like Ellen goes out of her way to not
ever say anything controversial which is
why it's interesting that she thought
that tweet was a good idea I actually
half agree with the criticism it's not
half agree I agree with the criticism
she's getting unfortunately I think that
the criticism is coming from dudes who
want to make excuses for men who do this
right I have a completely different take
which is gonna get me in more trouble
but keep going on other reaction and
then Michael Rapaport says me FEM you
support women sexualizing other women if
that was me in the pic and tweet I'd be
done and he continues to say imagine if
Cam Newton or any other man sent out
this tweet and photo okay and then okay
so just to kind of clarify what I meant
when I say that this criticism is
unfortunately coming from dudes who want
to make excuses for themselves
Brooklyn bookworm perfectly laid it out
she says you're not a woman
let's start there you're not upset about
her being sexualized you're upset you as
a man can't do it without backlash and
so when it comes from that place that's
what it rubs me the wrong way but I
think the underlying point is accurate
right like it I put myself in Katy
Perry's shoes I don't know how Katy
Perry feels about it but thinking about
myself in that position I would not be
amused by that tweet I don't care if
it's Ellen I don't care how lovable she
is like don't put out a picture staring
at my breasts and then talk about the
big balloons like I just wouldn't like
it okay so let me stick is AG here first
off Brooklyn bookworms response to
Rappaport is probably true right that
that mainly guys who go how can we don't
get to do it right now but I'm a little
biased in favor of a rapport for a
couple reasons one he did a great
anti-trump video the other day okay - I
super super randomly ran into him at a
hotel in LA and I kind of liked the guy
and I liked his acting okay so I'm just
telling you what my biases are so I also
agree with Rappaport though when he says
you support women sexualizing other
woman if that was mean that pick and
tweet I'd be done he would be people
would be super pissed he's right about
he is right about that
right so okay now what's my opinion here
comes the controversy look in that
picture it isn't just her breasts she
wore a dress that shows a ton of
cleavage so if Katy Perry to be fair to
her hasn't been the one saying I'm
outraged if she said I'm outraged I'd
say well I'm not sure I agree okay you
wear that dress doesn't mean don't your
don't go crazy on me you can't touch her
you can't do anything or non-consensual
you can't say she had it coming again
say any of that
it's terrible etc but if someone looks
you can't go home how dare you come on I
know Jake and I agree with you on that
but this is not just oh someone looked
like it's not like someone snapped a
picture of Ellen like candidly
like glancing at her breasts this is
Ellen purposely staring at her breasts
and making a spectacle about it on
social media like it's just a it's not
okay it's not like it's and I get it
like I know that if I'm gonna be
scantily clad people are gonna look
right and I'm not gonna blame them for
doing that I'm not gonna be outraged if
they do that you know but at the same
time it doesn't give them the right to
just completely disrespect me in any way
that they choose you know what I'm
saying but is that disrespecting your I
don't know I mean look I and it's hard
for me to late it's hard for me really
because I'm a guy so I have body parts
that are amazing my rock-hard ass my
monstrous triceps people know this okay
and if if people looked at it and said
wow that is amazing I'd be flattered I
know it's different that's why I'm
saying it I know right but so and we're
all putting thoughts into Katy Perry's
head she hasn't said a word about this
yeah right so I'm just telling you that
I'm not offended by what Ellen did and
and I know that people would be offended
if a guy did it and that is a hypocrisy
I or a double standard that's worth
pointing out a little bit and the word
offended offends me at this point right
like I'm so tired of like oh this is
offensive I'm offended by this who came
who cares if we're offended or not that
doesn't matter right whether we're
offended doesn't matter what matters is
that there is a double standard and if a
dude did this it would be considered
unacceptable if a woman does it it's
cute and by the way she's not a straight
woman either right so she has the same
you know sexual desires that men would
when it comes to Katy Perry being you
know scantily clad I guess and so it's
just again whether I'm offended or not
does it matter I think that double
standard exists and if we're gonna hold
people in any industry at a certain
standard that standard should apply to
both genders that's what I'm saying I
hear you support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
calm slash join
