okay so we are told over and over by the
Trump administration hey we gotta cut
taxes for the rich and for giant
corporations because it's gonna lead to
jobs for you guys so what we are doing
at TYT investigates is figuring out is
that true are they taking money from tax
cuts and actually creating jobs with it
well we've found a lot of evidence about
FedEx and UPS so a new story from Steve
horn at TYT baskets on this first to
give you context about how much money
these guys make so UPS reported forty
nine point six billion dollars in gross
profits for 2016 while FedEx reported
thirty eight point three billion dollars
for fiscal year 2017 both companies also
paid out billions more to their
investors in the form of dividends and
stock buybacks now I'm not telling you
that because there's something wrong
with them making money have at it Hoss
make as much money as you want and then
if your stockholders do well great
fantastic that's not the issue the
issues sometimes they'll say like golly
gee you know we just we're gonna create
jobs but we don't have enough money
that's why we needed tax cuts if we had
the tax cuts then okay then finally we
could make some money and then create
more jobs and that's what they say on TV
over and over again and they send out
like ease to do likewise which you're
gonna see in a second so in fact UPS CEO
David Abney told the audience at a
September 20th event held by the
Business Roundtable a consortium of
corporate ceos that revamping the US tax
system is quote about growing the
American economy creating jobs and
giving us all a chance to be competitive
now poor guys I mean they they're only
made forty nine point six billion
dollars in gross profits they can't be
competitive without tax cuts okay
well that's fine it's fine okay what I
care about is jobs if they actually
created jobs then then hey hunky-dory
everybody's you know the middle class
goes up etc right and then they make
more money god bless now are they
actually going to do that now before I
get to the both tragic and hilarious
results of their so-called job creation
let me give you one more thing from
FedEx
now this is gonna be Steven Moore he's a
conservative and he says that he was at
an event with the CEO of FedEx that's
Fred Smith and apparently Fred Smith
also promised great jobs if we cut taxes
let's watch we're up here at a 40% tax
rate on our businesses and the rest of
the world is at 20% or less so we are
businesses when they compete in global
markets are starting with a 20
percentage point disadvantage that's
just not American we why don't we go
from having one of the worst tax systems
in the world to one of the best in terms
of attracting businesses jobs back to
the United States you know I had dinner
Allison the other night with Fred Smith
the CEO FedEx a company that employs a
hundred thousand Americans and and he
just basically said look if you get that
tax rate down as Donald Trump is talking
about and you also do the repatriation
remember Allison we want to allow
companies to bring money trillions of
dollars that's overseas back invest in
the United States yeah he said look
we're gonna build new airplanes we're
gonna have more you know vehicles we're
gonna hire more workers we're gonna hire
more workers that's what FedEx said
that's what they're gonna do with the
money because otherwise they don't have
enough money to hire workers and how
before we get through the great follow
up to that
Steven Moore is not telling the truth he
said we're at 40 and others are at 20
actually no we're not at 40 the top rate
for corporations are thirty five percent
but most of them don't pay that
what's even more doesn't tell you is
that the effective corporate tax rate
the tax they actually pay is twenty two
percent so we're not anywhere near forty
so that that lie about all of the poor
corporations paying forty percent not
remotely true but Allison camerado is
actually pretty great and she unlike a
lot of other anchors had an excellent
follow-up question watch this aren't
they gonna also automate things yes sir
I mean is he actually giving a number of
how many workers he's going to hire how
many yeah well he said thousands and
that's one company I mean Apple CEO Tim
Cook has said that they're gonna bring
150 billion not under 50 million a
hundred and fifty billion dollars back
to the United States some of that will
go to dividends to shareholders and
pension funds some of that money
we'll be used to expand yeah thousands
awesome
okay great follow-up question there so
now let's show you some of the reality
of what we already know so this is they
say oh well if you give me these future
tax cuts out create jobs well okay well
you guys have had a lot of tax subsidies
in the past from the federal government
and also from different state government
so what happened in those cases maybe
that'll be a guidepost for us so that's
what Steve horn looked at here ups has
applied for and been approved for at
least 9.0 to five million dollars in tax
benefits from the Indiana Economic
Development Corporation he I II be CSIS
2012 according to contracts reviewed by
TYT so now Mike Pence used to of course
be the governor of Indiana and now is
lieutenant governor is the current
governor so how'd that turn out well
interesting twist here however more than
eight point three million dollars of
those benefits has yet to be dispersed
in part because some Indiana state tax
assistance programs are contingent
unprovable job creation the tax dollars
already distributed to UPS by IEDC
went not toward job creation but toward
improving quote efficiencies within the
company okay first of all a lot of times
efficiencies means I fired and I'm now
more efficient okay but put that aside
so they're like okay here's nine million
dollars but you have to show that you
get create jobs by the way here credit
to Indiana pence and the new governor
because it did say in there you have to
create jobs and then you feels like oh
we were just kidding we weren't even
creating jobs so they couldn't get most
of the money they had to you know the
eight point three million dollars had to
sit there because they didn't actually
create jobs like why would you take the
money and create efficiencies isn't that
good enough in this case not good enough
okay because they never use it for that
alright TYT has learned
horn continues that the one time in
recent years in which IEDC granted UPS a
tax credit contingent on job creation
the company
away from the deal okay so this is
another deal the tax credit was worth
eight hundred seventy five thousand
dollars and they just said look in
return you don't have to create
thousands of jobs it was very specific
207 jobs at a minimum wage of for
Indiana in this case
eleven dollars and five cents okay I
don't know that those numbers add up but
it's not bad spending eight hundred
seventy-five thousand dollars if you got
two hundred and seven jobs it could be
worse not bad okay so what did you PS do
they never built the hub in
Jeffersonville they were like yeah
really we actually have to create the
jobs once again nope we got no jobs so
we were just hoping you just get the
money and they didn't get the money so
good job in following up with that for
the Indiana government so that they
didn't get the money okay now we go to
Illinois and FedEx Illinois Department
of Transportation has economic
development program gave FedEx a two
million dollar subsidy toward its Cherry
Valley hub in 2008 according to Forbes
it is submitted with the Illinois
Department of Transportation FedEx has
created 31 jobs there since receiving
the money now that one was not
contingent but they went followed up and
with two million dollars they created 31
jobs woo okay now the other thing they
never tell you is were those 31 jobs
actually new jobs or did they just bring
him for another state because one of the
things that FedEx and UPS like a lot of
other corporations do is they threaten
the local state government they go well
look I've got a Center in Memphis but I
could move it to Mississippi and they
play these games to get subsidies and
your hard-earned tax dollars and
sometimes they'll take the 31 jobs from
Mississippi and move it to Memphis and
go Memphis nice job on the money that
you gave me right it said look this was
about Illinois but there is another and
read the whole story we'll have the
story for you the link down in the
description box below great job by TYT
investigates which by the way you guys
built thank you for doing that so we
could find out stories like this so this
case was in Illinois but there is one
involving Memphis and Mississippi you
read the whole story last two things for
you guys we go back to UPS in 2015
UPS got 1.7 million dollars in tax
rebate money from the Kentucky Economic
Development Finance Authority for its
highly automated Centennial hub in
Louisville according to the Kentucky
cabinet for Economic Development the tax
deal aims to create 12 new jobs
ok now you lost me I mean it's one thing
to spend eight hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars and hope to get back a
couple of hundred jobs which didn't
happen because they were not telling the
truth or never delivered right it's
another thing to spend 1.75 million
dollars and create 12 jobs that might or
might not move from a different state
you I think that a lot of you will agree
with me this is not the right way to do
things but if you did a poll in Kentucky
and you said all right we can either
give a company two million dollars
nearly two million 1.75 and then create
12 jobs maybe okay
or we're gonna pick 12 random people in
Kentucky just give them 1.75 million
nice I'm pretty sure I know which way
that poll is gonna come out if it's that
little jobs just give them money
it'd be way better off the reason I tell
you that is that's not the right way to
do it the reason I tell you that is
because if the point is for these
governments that just give the money to
the corporation's who often donate to
the politicians campaigns anyway they
Church is trying to find an excuse like
oh no no it's okay it's okay
do we created 12 jobs okay finally in
2012 the company landed
this is FedEx now a fourteen point six
four million Tennessee tax abatement
which went toward expanding a FedEx
pilot training facility at the Memphis
Airport that sounds like it might create
jobs but it didn't it created zero jobs
in the process 14 some odd million
dollars right into their pocket zero
jobs for you so the next time you see
these guys on TV telling you oh yeah we
don't want the tax cuts for ourselves no
no no we want it for you guys so we can
create jobs for you know that in the
past that has not been their record they
take the money and they
hey themselves through stock buybacks
which increases the amount of money that
the executives make yes the shareholders
do well but the executives too great
with those stock buybacks and often
times as we have covered in other
stories related to this in TYT
investigates what they'll also do is
create efficiencies where they either
automate your job or outsource your job
whatever you do don't believe the hype
just because someone on TV told you that
they were doing it for your benefit
oftentimes if you look at the facts as
we have that is the opposite of what's
the case if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com / join
