well you've got a lot of really
interesting races that are coming up in
2018 lots of Democrats running some in
democratic districts with Democratic
incumbents some in Republican districts
where there's a lot of different
Democrats vying to knock off the
Republican in that district so the
Democratic Party should be treating all
those candidates equally now you want to
guess as to whether they're doing that
not if you're up against an incumbent
then well you know this progressive
candidate do we really have to be fair
to them I mean this is our beloved
people in power no it doesn't matter
that they're already in power the
question is who do the voters want not
who do the people in power want so it
should be entirely irrelevant that they
are incumbents so how are they going to
punish these progressives that are
running against Democratic incumbents
well there's something very important
called van the voter access network let
me explain what that is and the just
Democrats put a press release about this
and I'm going to quote it voter access
network is a tool used by Democratic
candidates to target voter outreach
efforts generally campaigns are given
access to voter data that has been
gathered by previous campaigns at both a
national and local levels so that's the
way that it is supposed to work so
you've got a two Democratic candidates
or three or four or five they're
supposed to have the same access to this
incredibly important tool for reaching
out to voters well that is not how it's
working for three of the just Democratic
candidates who are challenging
incumbents so JD candidate Andy Clark is
going up against Danny Davis and he has
been blocked I'm gonna give you the
details of how they were blocked in a
second Alexandria Castillo Cortes with a
really powerful challenge of Joe Crowley
in New York Joe Crowley is one of the
leadership guys in the Democratic Party
so they really really want to protect
him and Sarah Smith is going up against
Adam Smith in Washington a democratic
representative that is weirdly
conservative in the state of Washington
I don't know why you guys put out with
that so let me go one by one through
these different issue
so Anthony Clark is running against the
incumbent Danny Davis in his case well
that woman was really simple they just
blocked access to him they said we're
not gonna give you that information at
all so Anthony Clark now stand so far
less chance of winning thanks to the
shenanigans of the DNC as usual now for
the others they had to do some level of
nuance so for Alexandria or Castillo
Cortez they said oh sure sure we'll give
you the voter data but they removed key
voter data from past campaigns and gave
you a watered down version it's not like
these guys are gonna be caught unawares
I would they think that we're new this
thing the just Democrats are stacked
with people who worked on Bernie Sanders
campaign they took Bernie Sanders from
almost nothing in the polls to 3% up to
46% I think they know what they're doing
so when they give the voter data and
it's old voter data that is not nearly
as useful that is not a trick that that
is going to slide past them and the way
that they treat progressives as if we're
children and don't know how to politics
works is maddening by the way if you
want to fight back just as Democrats
calm slash win to a finance these guys
and to help them and support them
because they do not take corporate money
and they do not take PAC money so that
is part of what drives the Democratic
establishment crazy about these
candidates they're actual progressives
that are uncorrupted so that leads us to
Sarah Smith which unfortunately is the
funniest story I mean it's not funny at
all because she's an actual progressive
who fights super hard to get your
priorities but it's funny and how they
denied her they said well sure you could
get access to that important information
but first you need to get approval you
need to county party approvals you need
to approval from 10 legislative district
parties this is all the establishment
right there's some great folks in there
but some folks who are not gonna want to
see the incumbent lose and then my
favorite part I you need to be endorsed
by half of the Democratic Party before
you can get access so 51
cent of the Democratic Party has to in
the state of Washington has to agree to
give her the voter data that's like
winning the election like okay no
problem
you get access to voter data to help you
win the election right after you win the
election okay now it's not the same
exact thing because it's Democratic
Party officials but it is a preposterous
standard well that establishment you be
access to their data as soon as the
establishment agrees with you
how's that for circular reasoning so
number one this is outrageous and we
have to do something about it and I'm
gonna tell you what you can do about it
in a second but I want to just give you
one more quote is from Corbin Trent he
is the communication director for just
Democrats he said it's baffling to me
Sanders presidential race added
much-needed energy to the party this
late of 29 inspirational justice
Democrats could have had a similar
impact or could have a similar impact
but we are being thwarted in every turn
we fully expected that we'd see
resistance from multinational
corporations and the billionaire class
but it's a shame that we also have to
fight our own damn party well as usual
just Democrats are fighting back so
they've started a petition just
Democrats calm so I should DNC very
simple concept and the Democratic Party
voter file lockout whether that's also
having a Tim Canova when he was running
against Debbie wasserman-schultz ha
the DNC supported debbie Wasserman
Schultz unfairly against another
Democrat in her race Wow couldn't have
seen that coming but look guys it's I
know that it's predictable unfortunately
it is really important and does prevent
these candidates from being able to
reach you guys the actual voters so if
we put enough pressure on we've got to
get the DNC if they're actual Democrats
to treat Democrats equally and fairly
the Republicans are the ones that are
supposed to be doing voter suppression
not the Democrats so it is absolutely
outrageous go sign the petition right
now just Democrats are calm slash DN c--
and the Democratic Party voter file
lockout and demand that the Democratic
Party stop blocking just Democrats from
using the voter content
tools that everyone should have access
to so and if you care to have support
these candidates and then go to just
Democrats comm slash win but even if you
don't support these candidates you
should support the idea of equal access
that is supposed to be the core of the
Democratic Party if you liked this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
