Honolulu is the first major US city that
is planning on finding individuals for
texting while walking this is known as
Honolulu smartphone zombie law and what
they want to do is keep people safe by
making sure that they're paying
attention to where they're walking and a
lot of people we've all experienced it
like to look down at their smartphones
as they're walking around and it could
lead to unsafe situations so this law
now authorizes police to stop and find
pedestrians up to $35 for walking with
their eyes glued to their phone screen
the law did pass it is now in effect it
took effect today so other US cities are
also considering this type of
legislation now here's the reasoning
behind it pedestrian deaths in the
United States rose 11% in 2016 to nearly
6,000 people and that's according to a
report from the governor's Highway
Safety Association which cited an
increase in walking as a primary mode of
transportation and distraction due to
growing use of smartphone technology as
potential factors for the jump I want to
be clear that their study doesn't show
causation but they are saying alright
well
increased use of smartphones increase a
number of deaths for pedestrians there
could be a link yeah I believe there is
and so that's the combination of the
actual numbers and my opinion a lot of
percents a pretty significant jump in a
year and you all know what you see there
all around you and by the way doing it
me wrong I've done your trunk as Oprah
once famously said I also look at my
phone on the sidewalk I'm in favor of
this law it doesn't know all that hold
on it depends on how it's applied if you
say if you say if you look at your phone
while walking
that's a fine no I disagree but if
you're crossing a road and looking at
your phone I agree you should be fine
that's my rule I I do look at my phones
on the sidewalk but when I when I get to
a crosswalk ain't nobody got time to die
okay hey if you keep looking at your
phone you're in
lighting disaster Sogo disagreement i
100% disagree with you i mean especially
like when you put this kind of law in
the context of inaction by Congress with
mass shootings and stuff like really
this is where the attention is going
people using their smartphones while
they're walking first of all I use my
smartphone while I'm walking all the
time because time is money and when I'm
walking my dog I don't have the luxury
of just enjoying the walk with my dog I
got an answer email I got to look up
stories I got to get my shit done okay I
don't need the government up my ass
about what I'm looking at while I'm
walking and you're right how are they
gonna enforce it so how long do I have
to be looking at my phone before they
decide they want to find me right and
and what if are they specifying that
this is when you're walking across the
street it doesn't seem like they are it
seems like as long as you're a
pedestrian and you are walking in a
public space and you're looking at your
phone you could deal with this fine and
no it's unacceptable I think it goes way
too far so do you use it while you're on
the road though on the road like do you
look down when you're on the road when
you're crossing a street oh yeah I do I
do I don't do that don't do that what
okay all right no no whatever that's my
life okay so if I get run over while I'm
looking at my phone that's on me I don't
need the government telling me like when
I can look at my phone how long I can
look at my phone we're like what is it
is it like the new cigarette situation
like I I need to be in a specified like
smartphone safe zone in order to look at
my smartphone oh it's too much it's too
much
I hear you libertarian Ana but the other
hand laws that we pass on smoking in
California saved what hundreds of
thousands or millions of lives okay but
my point is my smartphone is not gonna
cause lung cancer and it's also not you
know gonna cause cancer for other people
around me like let me look at my phone
when I'm walking it's just I don't know
it just goes too far and I get it people
get annoyed right drivers get annoyed
people get annoyed whatever live with it
absolutely
Dylan is there going people everywhere
the annoyed is different from safety and
by the way you're very right to point
out it's a hard to figure out where to
draw the line so for example I'm in
favor of the
anti-smoking laws indoors etc that I
think has saved countless lives in
America in favor of making you put your
seatbelt on that has saved millions of
lives in America on the other hand when
I Bloomberg went to I don't want you to
drink large sodas he lost me like okay I
don't drink large sodas so it's not my
issue but really we're figuring out how
much coke you're drinking it seems like
it's too far so but and there's ten
different states that I'm sure that
they're considering bills like this and
I'm sure they've all got another example
you're go okay so New Jersey is also
considering a fine in addition to jail
time no that's great look III get it
slippery slope arguments or week right
but when it comes to our so-called
justice system I think slippery slope
arguments make a lot of sense because
time and time again we've seen examples
of you know local government state
governments you know the federal
government criminalizing nonviolent
behavior and this is exactly what's
happening here really jail time for
people looking down at their phones
absurd another argument on your side is
selective enforcement which because you
know it's guys yes they're not gonna go
to Rumson which is a really nice town in
New Jersey and start arresting people
before looking at their cell phones
unless they want a lot of trouble on
their hands right what are they gonna do
they're gonna go to Camden and Newark
and those places and go you looked at
your cell phone good we got to make our
numbers here we go
so I hear you on the downsides to it
okay let me decide that and let's move
on okay move on to more important things
other than policing smartphone usage
okay let me just give two more examples
of things that I agree with that with
regulations in the Chinese city of
Chongqing
I have no idea how if I pronounced that
right they created cell phone lines all
the way back in 2014 so they're like
you're allowed to look at your phone but
you're holding everybody else up so you
go in the cell phone line and people
want a pack walk past you go in the
other Lane smart love it it's a smart
they get it they get it when it comes to
solar energy they get it when it comes
to cell phone' the Chinese get it and
then in India they introduced no-selfie
zones because people were dying a
hundred and twenty-seven
selphie related deaths reported between
March 2014 and September of 2016 so yeah
we've reported on this in the past like
in a dangerous area they'll be taking a
picture and then they'll fall off a
cliff and die like I don't do that and
in India there's a lot of folks I don't
know if you know that and there'll be
stampedes
somebody's trying to take a selfie it
held holds everybody up and then people
get crushed so there are no selfie zones
so there are real safety issues and I
think that the Hawaii which is a very
progressive state probably had their
heart in the right place and I agree
that you shouldn't look at your phone
while crossing the street and maybe I
get a little bit fine but definitely not
arrest okay and I would be worried about
selective enforcement but okay we have a
disagreement on that you say under no
circumstance like I'm tired of you know
like there are more important things to
enforce and police other than cell phone
usage like it's just I get it when
you're driving I absolutely get it
because you are in essentially a deadly
weapon you are operating a deadly weapon
so I am all in favor for legislation
laws that would prevent texting while
driving using your phone while driving
but it's different when you're walking
and I just it's a hard thing to enforce
because again how long do you need to be
looking at your phone selective
enforcement is absolutely gonna happen
and again for the billionth time just
let me live okay I will summarize with
to ana isms in this story no one wants
the government in their ass and let her
live and let her die help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
