Millennials are less likely to believe
in organized religion compared to
previous generations
however they are increasingly in favor
of and in belief of certain non
traditional religions or whatever
spirituality yeah yeah I don't think so
I don't think so I think this is over
height but let's do the numbers and then
we'll discuss
okay so Millennials like witchcraft and
no they don't serology okay and when I
say that it's a generalization when you
actually look at the number it's not the
majority of Millennials but an
increasing number of Millennials are
inclined to believe in astrology and to
some extent also witchcraft so the
percentage of people between the ages of
18 and 29 who never doubt the existence
of God fell from 81 percent in 2007 to
67 percent in 2012 which is pretty
significant okay and remember that's
2012 five years later that number is way
lower I guarantee it and we've seen it
in other polls of all Americans so I
find that phenomenon to be fantastic
that's yes okay good so right it was
like a huge deal a couple of just a
couple years ago when 14% of Americans
were said they no longer believed in
religion that number this year jumped to
24% so this thing is taking off like a
rocket I how many times do I have to be
right okay anyway all right now
theoretically the bad side more than
half of young adults in the United
States believe astrology is a science
compared to less than 8% of the Chinese
public okay I don't know why there was
like that needless comparison to China
but nonetheless so rubbing your face in
it the Chinese believe other absurd
things by the way so it's just happen to
pick astrology because the Chinese
aren't that into astrology on the other
hand they think some percentage of
Chinese believe that Tiger penis will
make you hard if you eat it okay so I
know I have not I can cure you okay
so so everybody has different kooky ways
of thinking but is it that it is
increasing dramatically there's not
great evidence to that they're just
saying half of young people believe in
astrology well it could have been that a
couple you know a decade ago two-thirds
of them believe in astrology so it's not
great evidence in this article from
MarketWatch to be honest so there are
these things known as the metaphysical
boutiques that are in hip trendy areas
throughout the country then I believe
and the owners have said that they've
experienced an uptick in clientele over
the last five years especially among new
yorkers in their 20s
so these workshops I'm sorry these
stores offer workshops like witchcraft
101 astrology 101 and spirit seance so I
have seen that look to be fair I have
seen an increase in spirituality which
is a good thing right
yeah I don't anybody's spirituality or
faith yeah I just the religious are
wrong so if they've gotten rid of
religion and they have a different faith
or spirituality and it's their own God
bless their hearts maybe literally so
now on the other hand sometimes it takes
some forms I don't agree with right and
in which friend you're right I'm being I
don't know why I'm needlessly being
harsh and salty with this story because
the people who believe in astrology are
not trying to dictate my wife with their
astrology stuff right so I just need to
calm down I just I hate I I think the
reason why this story rubbed me the
wrong way is I hate when people think
they know you based on what your sign is
first of all I hate when people ask me
what my sign is but don't ask me what my
sign is it doesn't matter because it
says nothing about me and then if I do
happen to answer their question and
humor them for a bit it's like oh well
it turns out that you are actually this
type of person and that type of person
no you actually know nothing about me
and my sign doesn't mean shit so cranky
Anna today whatever you do don't try to
pick up Anna with what's your sign so
look I don't believe in astrology I
don't think that it did it that everyone
born at the same time all act the same
way and will have the same things happen
to them
that is a really preposterous thing to
believe but I get that a lot of people
believe it I love your brothers and
sisters and then there's the folks who
believe that there is energy everywhere
and you could like move it around and
stuff by doing this I love you but we
got to talk about this the postgame I
have stories we have to locate TYT
Network comm /join they hear more seance
stories and that's gonna be fun that's
for the members okay now so I don't
happen to believe that and I think it's
kind of goofy I got to be honest with
you the witchcraft people like oh it's
ridiculous sort of flying around Bros
they're actually more into nature there
actually is some of the more sensible
ones of these different beliefs right
okay they're not actually brewing
anything over a pot right right they
actually are trying to respect nature
etc and then finally the only stab they
had on here was that they said the
psychic services industry grew 2%
between 2011 and 2016 is now worth a two
billion dollar it's a two billion dollar
industry if it only grew 2% it was also
two billion dollar industry in 2011 if
you see what I'm saying it didn't move
much so I believe that there is a little
bit of movement towards some beliefs
that I don't subscribe to and I have to
confess sometimes find goofy okay but
would I rather having that have them
believe in energy and tarot cards or
that we should all kill each other
because some rabbi or mullah said at
2,000 years ago Oh
tarot cards but what's your sign okay
way way better than the old religious
that are totally wrong and often lead to
violence fair enough
sure even cranky an agrees TYT
membership gets you commercial-free
Young Turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
