sebastien Gorka used to be an advisor to
the president now luckily he was kicked
out in August his main job was to go on
TV and say outrageous things in defense
of Donald Trump and of course Donald
Trump loved that but cooler heads
prevailed and Gorkhas out now now he has
some weird comical role as defender of
Magna or something and we'll get to that
in a sec anyway he was on Sinclair
Broadcast and he also has a role with
them because Sinclair broadcasting if
you were subjected to them in your neck
of the woods they own a lot of local TV
stations they're deeply right-wing they
don't mind doing propaganda at all and
they will pretend that it is news so
they have Gork on as an analyst now
they're talking about the issue of gun
violence in America and what happened in
the Las Vegas shooting but Gorka doesn't
want to talk about that because then
that might lead to gun control so
instead he blames blacks
but hold wait a minute the Las Vegas
shooter was it remotely black he was
completely white who cares I'm gonna
blame blacks anyway but wait I'm not
just gonna blame blacks I'm gonna blame
black Africans what watch you do not
make legislation out of outliers our big
issue is black African gun crime against
black Africans it is a tragedy go to
Chicago go to the cities run by
Democrats for 40 years black young men
are murdering each other by the bushel
this is a social issue allow the police
to do their jobs and rebuild those
societies legislation will not save life
I assume what he's talking about is
African Americans but and well that's
not what you said I couldn't figure out
what who these African Americans so a
lot of people call him a Bond villain
but he actually sounds more like an
Austin Powers villain to me these black
Africans and the gun crimes of their
committee but wait a minute we were
talking about Las Vegas that doesn't any
new with black people it was a white guy
shooting at a country music dance what
does that have to do with black people
Chicago by the way of course he's lying
it's outrageous crime and for the last
40 years in those inner cities
controlled by Democrats actually the
crime rate has been going down
precipitous
in the last 15 years so of course not
true at all but it doesn't care he just
keeps on saying it anyway and what in
the world is a black African what are
you talking about but he all he wants is
with the blacks the blacks to Africa's
the blacks to Africans ok then later one
of the panelists challenged them on this
and it was actually someone who was a
Maryland state delegate Joleon ivy and
she said wait a minute this issue is way
more complicated
first of all unfortunately I fell for
the bait and instead of talking about
gun control they immediately started
having conversation about whether blacks
are the main cause of violence in
America what does that have to do a lot
of things okay but it fell for the bait
okay fine when they get into that
conversation and she says maybe it might
be slightly more sophisticated
socio-economic conditions might matter
in this equation he's like nope no a day
it doesn't matter and then he said this
said you think it's a geographic
function because she said well look it
might be because of how compact the
cities are and the high rate of poverty
within those cities and it creates a
vicious cyclist and he says you think
it's a geographic function if they move
out of their neighborhood it will be
fine right if they move to another
neighborhood in other words Gorkhas
saying it doesn't matter where you move
black people they're still going to be
black Africans and commit crime this is
a guy that Trump loved and he sent him
all over TV to represent him there
racism knows no bounds okay now remember
it's not like where you say oh well you
can't put it on Trump this okay yes it
keeps the one that brought Gorka and
he's the one that by all accounts wanted
him all over TV he was actually a little
sad that when Kelly removed him from
from the White House okay and he was a
colleague and etc Senate but this Trump
also believed that don't forget that
while Trump was running for president he
he retweeted this deeply deeply racist
and completely wrong so-called factoid
meme here watch this says USA crime
statistics 2015
Black's killed by whites two percent
blacks killed by police one percent
White's killed by police three percent
well that's is pretty high more whites
than blacks killed as a percentage are
interesting why it's killed by whites
16% White's killed by blacks 81 percent
blacks killed by blacks ninety-seven
percent you're not gonna be surprised to
find out that every stat in there is
completely wrong I mean how do you look
at only a racist would look at that and
go oh yeah that's right
look here let's repeat the most relevant
ones White's killed by White's 16%
White's killed by bus
you think blacks are key and that 81
percent of the whites killed in this
country killed by black people
you're either relatively ignorant or
you're deeply racist and you're like oh
it's the black Africans the other ones
killing everybody of course it's in
their nature
you think you move them out of the name
you know out of the inner-city and you
move them to another place
it won't do the same thing you know what
they are they're black out firkins okay
you want to know the real stat among
white murder victims in fact 81.3% were
killed why someone who is white why
because black people live next to black
people and white people lived next to
white people I wish it weren't so true
in America but there is the facto
segregation and usually friends kill
each other family members kill each
other people who know each other
neighbors kill one another
lovers kill one another so it is
unsurprising that more blacks are killed
by fellow blacks and whites are killed
by fellow whites they said that whites
were killed otherwise that a 16% rate
the real numbers eighty-one percent but
Trump tweeted that because he's an
effing racist he is he is and so is gore
cut and he go on TV and they say things
like now don't believe your lying eyes
that a white person did a mass shooting
there and that because of his bum
stocking and his ability to fire that
gun he murders so many more people than
he could have otherwise done no no no my
buddies who are the gun manufacturers
love that stuff blame it on the blacks
instead so let's find out why the way
what's cork up to these days
so graphic 49 this now that he's
otherwise House Sinclair is paying him
for propaganda if you by the way
anywhere if you find out your local
stations the Sinclair one never ever
watch it and then my favorite is former
strategies the President Trump that we
get and that's what he was is true this
is on his Twitter account strategist
Magga coalition what the hell is the
maggot coalition so we got a bunch of
guys wear red hats and do it strategy
and strategic for them and we've all
decided the real problem in America is
the black africans morons and monsters
the whole lot of them watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network calm /join
