a hotel in New York City is selling a
luxurious bagel topped with gold flakes
for a mere $1,000 so this is the Westin
New York Hotel in Times Square and it
will begin selling this $1,000 bagel
topped with Alba white truffle cream
cheese goji berry infused Riesling jelly
and gold leaf flakes for a limited time
starting November 1st oh well you better
panic okay there's a gold rush
combination
it just sounds disastrous anyway but
okay let me continue so why is this so
expensive
apparently it has everything to do with
the truffles that they use for this
bagel white truffle grows almost
exclusively in the Alba region of Italy
and most truffle hunters use trained
dogs or pigs to find them buried next to
tree roots they get almost $2,000 per
pound of white truffle to which I say I
do declare Jesus man people are insane
so look it needs describe the truffle is
I and I wouldn't I wouldn't know because
I've never had it slightly garlicky with
a deep musky aroma the garlic he sounds
good I don't know about the musky aroma
okay but they describe another part of
the bagel which is the dough she has
called the Middle Eastern bagel okay
it's okay we're from China fundamentally
they said garlicky and musky I thought
of Armenian / Turkish / Lebanese / look
you know that food that's okay so now
goji berry infuse racela Riesling jelly
Riesling okay is apparently a blended
fruit of aroma of cranberries sour plums
cherries and orchard fruits like Honey
Crisp apples and pears well if you just
said that and you said okay I'm like
alright it's some fruit medley I get it
and you're putting it on cream cheese on
a bagel I'll eat it right I'm not gonna
say no to a nice bagel I'm gonna say yes
okay if you say you are combining it
with a musky aroma
a garlicky truffle thing I'm like no
those two don't go along they don't go
together
I mean maybe we're wrong you know maybe
maybe the combination of garlicky musky
with sweets goji berries is great I have
no idea like the only thing that amazes
me is is how out of touch we are from
this life right like the idea of
spending a thousand dollars on a bagel
is insane to me but here's the thing I
at first when I saw this it enraged me
especially when you consider all the
people living in poverty people who
don't have homes to go to people who
can't even provide for their kids and
then you have these people spending a
thousand dollars on a freaking bagel but
apparently a hundred percent of the
proceeds will go to a pretty good
charity it's an important charity holy
apostles soup kitchen the largest
emergency food program in the city so it
seems like they're doing this more for
charity than anything else and oh and
maybe people buying the bagel are doing
it because they want to donate no no way
way to good-hearted liberal let me
explain what's happening okay
so they're doing it for the marketing so
yes I believe them they're not keeping
the proceeds that would if they were
lying about that would be trumpian right
and they're giant corporation I don't
think they want to get caught with their
hand in the bagel jar so I suppose
that's true
but they're doing it for marketing so
that they'll get to charge more for
other stuff they're not doing it out of
the goodness of their heart and the
people buying the bagel are probably the
single most unbearable people on the
planet that I don't know that they even
know that it's going to charity and even
if you wanted to do the musky garlic
with the whatever berries okay what do
you need the gold flakes for I mean look
in I don't know if those are the gold
flakes are there I guess they are I
don't want to eat that that sounds like
that's good like cut up my throat or
something white why would you want to
eat gold I don't know I don't care I'm
not gonna risk it I'm certainly not
gonna pay $1,000 for it the people who
pay $1,000 for a bagel are people who
can't wait to tell other people that
they paid $1,000 for a bagel and that's
what makes them absolutely unbearable
support independent media come join us
to the Young Turks TYT Network calm /
join
