journalists throughout the world are
under attack and I'm not just talking
about the United States where you know
you have a president who is essentially
threatening to take broadcasting
licenses away from outlets that
criticize him I'm talking about places
like Russia where just recently a
journalist who was extremely critical
the Kremlin was stabbed in the neck her
name is Tatiana phlegon our and she
worked for a radio station known as echo
Moskvy and luckily she has not died as a
result of the attack she is in critical
condition
she was rushed to the hospital and
received treatment and she had to be
placed in a medically induced coma
however there is hope that she will
survive but again she has been openly
critical of the Kremlin and we know that
Putin has in the past targeted
journalists and in some cases even
allegedly murdered them for being too
critical of the Kremlin now Tatiana
flankin Hauer deputy editor in chief and
co-host of a popular Morning Show for
the station was rushed to the hospital
and has been breathing through a tube
the photos that I'm about to show you
are graphic they show a little blood so
I want to give you a little warning but
here are a few photos of the scene
luckily they were able to get the cut a
suspect in custody he's a 48 year old by
the name of Boris grits
he lived in Israel since 2003 and
actually returned back to Russia about a
month ago he has been telling
authorities that he believes he had been
communicating with the journalist
telepathically so look I don't believe
that so not not that I don't believe
that he was communicating that way of
course he wasn't I don't believe that
that's his true motivation that's a way
to convene this attack came a little
less than two weeks after state-owned
Russia 24 had called eco muskie must be
where she works a foreign agent and
Falcon Hauer was specifically ID'd in
the show
so they said okay she's the one who's
doing this and it's a four and and these
guys are foreign agents and then
conveniently right afterwards a guy who
happens to be telepathically
communicating so-called with that
particular journalist because if you're
actually psychotic or having a breakdown
it could have been any journalist it
could have been a non journalist he
happened to be psychotic about the same
exact journalist the state-owned TV did
two weeks ago had said was the problem
no way along with the context of how
many murdered and attacked journalists
in Russia
I know exactly there's there's a long
list of journalists who have been
targeted who have mysteriously
disappeared who were mysteriously
murdered in some way a lot of these
cases go unsolved and so you know the
authorities are the ones that are saying
that this man alleged that he was
communicating with her telepathically
but who are we to believe what the
Russian authorities have to say while
they're investigating this case
especially when you consider the large
volume of journalists who do get
murdered in Russia and the cases go
unsolved and so look obviously there's a
lot of speculation going on here because
we don't know the exact facts of what
happened all we know is this 48 year old
man broke into the radio station was
able to get past the security guard by
pepper spraying him in the face and then
immediately went into you know the
newsroom and attacked this specific
journalist by stabbing her in the neck
and again luckily she survived but she
is in critical condition and this is not
the first time one of their journalists
has been targeted a yulia la nina is has
now fled Russia after a series of
attacks so if you are a Putin opponent
and and doesn't even have to be
politically could just be in the press
you point out things that he is doing
wrong watch out there's some chance that
someone well for some reason try to
murder you but there's a lot of
coincidences in Russia now after Donald
Trump's election a bunch of diplomats
died all mysteriously almost right away
election and one of the guys that was
targeted they said oh what an unlucky
break he was walking along in the street
when a cow fell off a off a roof or
something in hit or out of a window and
happened to crush him
lots of unlucky brakes going around in
Russia so when Trump goes around saying
that Oh Putin said what do you mean he
complements me he's a good guy
Putin is not a good guy no Putin's a
terrible person and if you're in Russia
and have the audacity to say that as a
journalist there might be some serious
consequences losing your life being one
of them now and sorry well two more
things real quick here one is I can't
compliment those brave Russian
journalists enough yeah I mean the the
heart they have the soul the spirit that
they have knowing the dangers to go out
and criticize Putin in Russia that's
amazing it's amazing courage if they're
absolute heroes to the whole world and
and for this guy the suspect
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
what happens in situations like this
usually they get Lee Harvey Oswald so if
that guy happens to die in custody maybe
he felt so bad he committed suicide you
shouldn't be surprised I'm telling you
ahead of time because if he knows things
he's got to go you I don't know if he
was supposed to survive the attack or
not yeah look this is the reason why
when we covered that poll that Politico
did regarding the percentage of
Americans who believe that the news just
makes up stories about Trump but the
reason why I lost it during the coverage
of that story is because people in power
don't like journalism they don't like
journalists because good journalists
hold these elected officials accountable
for their actions they speak truth to
power which is why Putin has has been
known to target people who are critical
of him and then when you have Trump
calling any news organization that's
critical of him fake news and Americans
buy it that's really concerning
especially when they think that it would
be okay for the government to take
casting licenses away from news
organizations that the president
considers fake news that is a scary
thing to consider because if you don't
have independent journalism then you're
screwed that democracy no longer exists
people like Trump do not like to be held
accountable they don't like to be
criticized they want to pretend like
everything they do is great when in
reality a lot of what they do is
destructive and it's just scary to know
that there is some percentage of
Americans that think yeah the president
should be able to revoke broadcasting
licenses from certain organizations and
when Donald Trump looked up to Daddy
Putin when he was a civilian
okay that's his prerogative I don't care
but now that he is the president of the
country yes understand what's in our
Constitution in our Constitution we have
freedom of the press that means a lot to
real Americans maybe not for the Russian
government but to Americans it's all the
difference that's what the heart of this
country is freedom of speech freedom of
the press freedom if Donald Trump
doesn't understand that he's got to go
if you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm /join
