over the weekends the New York Times
published an extensive report detailing
a gigantic settlement that Bill O'Reilly
paid to a fox legal analyst by the name
of Liz wheel to the tune of 32 million
dollars now there has been a lot of
commentary in regard to that piece and
some of that commentary actually comes
from megyn kelly who of course used to
host a show on fox news channel now when
a riley got word of that article by the
new york times he claimed that no woman
at fox news ever complained about him to
the human resources department during
his tenure at the network while megyn
kelly disagrees with that statement and
addressed it on her show on NBC let's
take a look at the first clip o'reilly
suggestion that no one ever complained
about his behavior is false
i know because i complained it was
November of 2016 the day my memoir was
released in it I included a chapter on
ales and the sexual harassment scandal
at Fox News something the Murdock's knew
I was doing and to their credit approved
O'Reilly happened to be on CBS News that
morning they asked him about my book and
about Ailes who by this time had been
forced out in disgrace
O'Reilly's response is interested in
this no no no I mean it sexual
harassment you're not interested in
sexual her I'm not interested in
basically litigating something that is
finished
that makes my network look bad okay I'm
not interested in making my network look
bad at all that doesn't interest me one
bit so she actually went to Human
Resources at Fox News and complained
after he made that appearance on CBS and
so she addresses the email that she sent
to the executives to the to Human
Resources in regard to that appearance
that he made and we'll get to that in
just a second but did you want to jump
in Jake yeah I just wanted to say look
first of all this whole idea that nobody
went to human resources is absurd anyway
he's paid just on the stuff we know
about 45 million dollars in settlements
to six different women him
and FoxNews paid to those people so you
don't have to go to human resources if
you got a 32 million dollar settlement
it's the worst excuse I've ever heard
and now megyn kelly he's not saying that
bill o'reilly sexually harassed her he's
she's saying I went to human resources
to complain about Bill O'Reilly saying
that it's so right to intimidate women
who work here who are complaining about
sexual harassment cuz she was one of the
people that did get harassed not by
O'Reilly but by others yes exactly so
she was upset at the fact that he kept
pushing the notion that anyone who would
go out and and smear Fox News Channel
was a bad person and that they shouldn't
be listened to and so she complained
about that so here is megyn kelly
detailing the email that she sent to
human resources at fox news channel
complaining about Bill O'Reilly take a
look I wrote an email to the
co-presidents of Fox News bill shine and
Jack Abernathy an email I have never
made public but I'm sharing now because
I think it speaks volumes about powerful
men and the roadblocks one can face in
taking them on I wrote in part perhaps
he didn't realize the kind of message
his criticism sends to young women
across this country about how men
continue to view the issue of speaking
out about sexual harassment perhaps he
didn't realize that his exact attitude
of shaming women into shutting the hell
up about harassment on grounds that it
will disgrace the company is in part how
Fox News got into the decade-long ailes
mess to begin with perhaps it's his own
history of harassment of women which has
as you both know resulted in payouts to
more than one woman including recently
that blinded him to the folly of saying
anything other than I am just so sorry
for the women of this company who never
should have had to go through that bill
shine called me in response to my email
promising to deal with O'Reilly by a
p.m. that night O'Reilly had apparently
been dealt with and by that I mean he
was permitted with management's advance
notice and blessing to go on the air and
attack the companies harassment victims
yet again yeah look the idea that Fox
News wasn't aware what's going on and
golly gee they got
off guard is preposterous Roger Ailes
had decades of sexual harassment claims
against them and and Fox News had
already settled all those lawsuits
against Roger Ailes then they had Bill
O'Reilly not only five settlements in in
his case but one very very public with
Andrea mattress that cost some nine
million dollars and then as all of this
is unfolding and now completely public
to everyone they go oh yeah I'm making
good point good point about the social
right like you think we're gonna take
your side no we're on the other side
they've been protecting there's a
culture of sexual harassment because
Roger Ailes ran it from the very
beginning he was the biggest sexual
harasser and he gave literally gave
permission to other men at the company
they didn't all do it
okay but some of them like O'Reilly did
do it right so the new people that are
running it meet the new boss just like
the old boss they go yeah Oh Riley go
get him attack the woman who were
harassed and he did that night megyn
kelly showed a clip from that night and
O'Reilly had gone after that right
exactly and and that is you know a
tactic to be expected from people like
Bill O'Reilly go ahead and smear the
accusers try to discredit them in any
way possible and look none of this
should be surprising right I think that
there was certain of is Abul behavior at
Fox News that had become so normalized
that we didn't really I mean it should
have raised more red flags so for
instance can you imagine working at a
place where your male bosses tell you at
you're a woman your male bosses tell you
you have to wear a skirt on camera you
have to wear a short skirt I mean we
would see that all the time and remember
we suspected that there was some sort of
dress code forcing the women a dress
that way but then there was that Fox
Mall several years ago who came out and
said no no that that's not just a rumor
there that's fact women are forced to
dress a certain way when they're on
camera at Fox News now later other woman
by the way did confirm that that work at
Fox News and say we were not allowed to
wear pants you know they basically were
forced to have men Oh
their legs that's right that's right I
mean think about and it became
normalized that's the part of it and it
was so normalized that I just bought
into it I thought it wasn't that big of
a deal but it is a big deal
imagine I can't imagine anyone here
telling me what I can and can't wear
right if you came to me and told me you
can only wear a short skirt and we're
gonna do these wide shots where you see
your whole body I'd be like yeah
buy-rite that's unacceptable it's
unacceptable in any other context but
with Fox News everyone just kind of gave
it a pass like it's totally fine so
we're making that point in showing you
how brazen and obvious it was all along
in reality of course some of the
allegations against Bill O'Reilly
involved non-consensual sex acts that's
right so if you say oh well the skirts I
don't know that's a big deal I'm pretty
sure non-consensual sex act is a big
deal right and Liz Weil who was the
legal analyst that was written about in
the New York Times piece said that there
was non-consensual non-consensual sexual
relationship involved and by the way
thirty two million dollars is a lot of
money to settle something out of court
which isn't it it's not what you pay if
you told her to wear something different
than she wanted to wear okay that would
be a problem it wouldn't be a thirty two
million dollar problem thirty two
million dollar problem is a massive
massive problem if you like this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
