there has been yet another oil spill and
now it's being reported as the largest
oil spill since the Deepwater Horizon
spill that happened back in 2010 now
this bill has occurred due to a
fractured pipeline just 40 miles
offshore Venice Louisiana and the
initial reports in early October
indicated that the spill was no big deal
not too much oil don't worry everybody
just stop paying attention however new
reports indicate that more oil was
spilled than previously reported so the
update is that the total volume of oil
discharged could be as much as 16,000
barrels or 700,000 gallons rather than
the nine thousand barrels initially
reported so it's it's nowhere near as
much as the Deepwater Horizon spill that
happened in 2010 but it's still
significant 700 thousand gallons of oil
due to this fractured pipeline there's a
lot of talk like trying to minimize it
this is 40 miles offshore from Venice
Louisiana so yeah and it's it's the
winds are blowing away from shore so
don't sweat it no no we're sweating it
it's it's always a big deal when you
accidentally spill 700,000 gallons of
oil in the water and and some folks will
say okay look but come on be reasonable
guys this pipe was located 5,000 feet
underwater and it was discharged from a
small crack in this jumper pipe letting
okay I'm sorry jumper pipe and okay yeah
that's fair that's why we warned you
about leaks because they're gonna happen
and after they happen you're gonna say
well I mean but it was a small crack
what cool do you what could we do yeah
it's a 700,000 gallons of oil like
destroying whatever is nearby but it
didn't hit humans yet so I'm sure it'll
be fine I know it's just like a complete
disregard for marine life because no
one's concerned about that whatsoever
and every report that I've seen on this
has been fascinating in that it talks
about how no one can see the oil on the
surface
everything's fine yeah it's 700,000
gallons of oil that's just been spilled
into the ocean or I mean really that's
no ramifications whatsoever and by the
way I just want to be clear about one
other thing you know the estimates in
regard to how many gallons of oil
spilled into the ocean have been
compiled by the very company that owns
this pipeline okay so it's telogen
accompany that owns it and so like do I
trust them no I mean I kind of want to
multiply that number by ten that's
literally what I was gonna say yeah I
was gonna interrupt you to say ten exit
yeah okay now we don't know that for
sure
but here's what I'm not doing taking the
word of the company who committed the
error in the first place so this is in
the Gulf and when they say stuff like
don't worry you can't see it you know
you're in trouble what's that I don't
care if I can't I also can't see cancer
with my eyes it's still there right and
that's still a big problem so it's a
preposterous thing to say and I remember
doing the North Dakota access standoff
Standing Rock right the company that was
laying that pipeline was like no the
Native Americans here the environmental
protestors here and all the other people
that are protesting their claim that if
we put a pipe underneath the water that
at some point it's going to leak of
course that's not gonna happen then we
showed dozens of leaks that had happened
already near there with very similar
pipelines right and then this massive
leak now because you know why you build
giant pipes carrying oil underneath
water at some point they break and at
some point there's a leak sometimes it's
a small leak sometimes it's a gigantic
leak and sometimes like this it does
damage but since you didn't see with
your own eyes probably this is the last
time you'll ever hear of it and God
knows the kind of damage that it did but
it's gonna happen because they leak
that's what happens absolutely support
independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
dot-com / join
