so here the young turks everyone smile
will wear t-shirts you'll see TYT mugs
and and i had an old one here yeah sure
fine i'll show it to you okay it's a
little worn out we've used it a bunch of
times and so we thought well you know
what football season is here and winter
is coming
got a cold drink you're gonna want maybe
put something put that drink or beer
into the protective gear so that your
hands they'll get cold and I'm calling a
protective gear you're like what do what
are you talking about it's because the
word is so unfortunate it's called a
koozie okay so here are some koozies we
were planning to you know sell at shop
to uit calm you love The Young Turks or
you just amused by the Col fit you want
to put your coffee in a coffee or
Jurassic Park etc make that make sense
right we got a store okay fine so that
part would be totally uninteresting well
we go to have it print it out and bic
which apparently now is in the
publishing business as well as the pen
business the pen doesn't still exists
tell us no what do you mean no what is
it what is it I mean what does no mean
what a strange thing I mean work is that
you're not paying us we're paying you we
want to pay you to print these out so
why no well here's a statement all items
ordered thank you but we are unable to
frame your order per the terms and
conditions in our catalogs bit graphic
reserves the right not to print any logo
or message that is deemed inappropriate
please let us know if you would like to
revise your artwork and we will place
your order on hold until we receive new
artwork there are two imprints that we
are unable to proceed with as they mock
the current president well here's my
answer to that god damn right they do
because we don't agree with the
president big graphics I Got News for
you it's called America we're allowed to
have any opinion of the president that
we like god help you we find out what
you thought of the last president okay
anyway
he's just a corporate decision and
there's afraid of all-powerful people
and there's oh my god don't criticize
the president maybe in Russia maybe in
Saudi Arabia but here in America yeah we
get to criticize the president we have
to mock the president like if they said
hey you know what the language is
inappropriate that would also be absurd
god knows what they've printed in the
past but it would at least have a leg to
stand on but they didn't know they said
no no no you're offending the poor
sensibilities of our beloved president
so we won't print this stuff so that I
assume that the two that they were most
trouble with I hope it wasn't resist or
khofifah I don't know maybe they find
that look that's his word if you think
we're mocking him we're mocking with his
own word that he made up in the later
Pretender was important but I assume
that they mean this one bitchy rich by
the way you can get that t-shirt or you
can parently take it a koozie but you
couldn't get at it you could get a
t-shirt or posters etc I shopped II
y-t-dot-com with this on it cuz that we
didn't need permission from big graphic
to print or Jurassic prick I haven't
think they're both fairly clever I
didn't come up with them but I kind of
love them so we're not allowed to print
those on our koozie in America because
big graphic would like to protect the
sensibilities of the president that's
preposterous hey it's their company they
could run it any way they like but now
you know if big graphic thinks you're
offending Donald Trump they will not do
business with you they won't even take
your money help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm slash join
