all right so playboy has announced who
their playmate will be for the November
December 2017 issue it is a model by the
name of Vanessa
she looks beautiful do we have another
photo here another 40 or 50 photos maybe
of her alright so she's not making
headlines because she's just a beautiful
playmate although she absolutely is
she's making headlines because she is
the first openly transgender person to
be named a Playboy Playmate in the 64
year history of the publication she did
speak out about this in the interview
she says quote I lived a long time
without saying I was transgender
I dated a lot and almost forgot I was
scared of never finding a boyfriend and
being seen as weird then I was like you
know you should just be who you are
it's a Salvation to speak the truth
about yourself whether it's your gender
sexuality whatever the people who reject
you aren't worth it it's not about being
loved by others it's about loving
yourself later on in the interview she
says something I think is so cool which
is being a woman doesn't mean being
extremely feminine all the time being a
woman is just being a woman and as a
woman who is not extremely feminine any
of the time I super agree with that now
it's something that's worth noting is
that transgender individuals have
appeared in the pages of Playboy before
but this is the first time they have had
a playmate on as as their as their
playmate I don't actually really know
how Playboy Playmates go and how what
what that means but it is an honor in
the modeling world I think this is
awesome what do you guys think about
this I'm all for it I mean I've got no
issue I love you look book you guys both
look at me like come on Marc I mean
beautiful lady she's incredible I mean I
mean I don't know what more that's
haven't looked at her likes and dislikes
which is what usually the Playboy
Playmates break down their centerfold
yeah I like men who read poetry and you
know whatever I haven't read at all but
oh so that's so I was literally thing
when you said likes and dislikes my
brain went to Instagram apparently they
asked them the questions oh yeah I mean
I like to know my playmates like to
really get into what they're all about
you need to wait
see the issue before you say yay or nay
thank you exactly what about you Simone
I think the reason why I looked at
Marcus because I think that playboy its
number one focus has been to please and
satisfy and feed the male gaze so I have
some of my own issues about Playboy and
I don't think it's always been a level
playing field but that's another for men
and women but that's another that's
another story
that's absolutely this story
were you surprised were you especially
pleased were you concerned I'm because I
have a feeling that the Internet is is
for some reason even though it's a
beautiful play mate you're welcome
November December is gonna have strong
feelings about this well this the thing
that she said about being a woman isn't
always about being feminine that
definitely resonated with me as well
because I loved exploring that balance
of masculine and feminine so I
definitely applaud her for that yeah I
think that lets you know let's remember
that a gender is a construct and you can
play around with it as much as you want
but I mean I'm even hesitant to even
bring that into the conversation because
here's the thing for the beauty
standards for being a Playboy Playmate
are pretty rigid as far as I know again
as someone who does not read the
magazine and maybe I should start maybe
I'll start now who knows will go crazy
but you know she meets that criteria so
yeah does she's gonna be the the
Playmate and I'm sure that we'll see
other trans models be playmates great
right I mean they are they're glamour
models and glamour sexual models and so
yeah if they meet that standard from
whatever their history is then they can
be in that universe of people who are
now in the magazine or whatever it is
the digital magazine no no what they
with their new incarnation is but
there's obviously a lot more here to
Playboy and the objectification of women
all that sort of but but just on this
story as Bryce says yeah she meets the
threshold and so she's in yeah
if you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm /join
