how much sister potently pay its workers
this is from the motley fool the company
pays what many would consider below
average starting wages though it's on
par or even above other quick serve or
fast casual chains but it also offers
extensive benefits and prides itself on
promoting from within beyond wages this
is from Chipotle itself beyond wages we
offer a number of benefits for hourly
employees benefits that often exceed
others in the industry including paid
vacation paid sick days twice yearly
merit increases bonuses tuition
reimbursement and a discounted higher
education program for employees all of
these benefits are available to hourly
employees we also offer extraordinary
opportunity with more than 95% of our
managers coming from within the ranks of
our crews that's directly from Chipotle
the company that this is from The Motley
Fool they tried to figure out how much
money the people actually made it was
hard for them to find out the data that
they found indicated that the company
shows the 28 thousand dollars a year for
crew which requires no experience 33
thousand dollars a year for a kitchen
manager and $36,000 a year for a service
manager the numbers climb higher as
workers move up into management with the
graphics showing apprentices sort of the
precursor to being a top boss taking in
fifty three thousand dollars while
general managers earn sixty seven
thousand dollars and what something they
call restaurant chores can make around
double that so around one hundred and
forty thousand dollars what someone they
call a restaurateur at the bottom level
four crew if you take those numbers to
be right that works out to thirteen
dollars and forty six dollars an hour a
good number for the industry okay so
that's further so that there you go so
that said Chipotle pays within industry
norms for entry-level workers while
offering them training in a path to
advancement that should give the company
a loyal well-trained workforce which may
give it an advantage over rivals that do
not make the same efforts to promote
from within so why do I bring this up
but Chipotle pays a little bit more than
their other there's actually taking care
of they're actually they actually act
like they give a shit about their
employees and they want
stay around forever they want their
employees to be healthy they want their
employees to be educated they want their
employees to be paid a living wage it
seems seems like Chipotle's making a
little bit of a better effort than the
rest of them it seems that way and they
promote from within they give you
tuition reimbursement these aren't good
things so that's why I showed you that
from motley fool but why did I want to
show you that in the first place well
because if you look CNBC reports this
today
Chipotle downgraded by Bank of America
on a new concern it's paying employees
too much why is that Bank of America's
business well Bank of America and
Merrill Lynch downgraded Chipotle and
cut its earnings targets for 2018 and
2019 saying the struggling restaurant
chain will have trouble cutting back
labor costs any further than it already
has so this is the system we live in
that's set up by Wall Street so if you
make a profit by and and treat your
workers well or better than other people
Wall Street will punish you for that
that's the system now do you understand
what we have a effed up system in
America now do you understand well we
have to break up the banks this is what
so Chipotle not doing astronomically
better by their workers and other people
just doing a little bit better by their
workers and other people immediately
Wall Street comes in at least hey what
the eff why are you paying your workers
that's gonna f up our system it just
makes me sick cuz as soon as you
mentioned Bank of America I was like ok
how much money did they get bailed out
for right yeah well on paper it says
forty five billion dollars okay forty
five billion dollars and they think
they're paying an hourly wage employee
too much god it's such a corrupt system
yes but it's good to know the Democrats
have my back that Democrats have your
back stuff it goes on we are downgrading
Chipotle to underperform from neutral as
we believe so it was that neutral and
now they've downgraded it to
underperform why because they assume no
significant tax reform so they don't
think Trump's gonna be able to pass his
tax reform that's what that says right
and that at 2018 and 2019 consensus EPS
needs to drop at least 10% analyst
Gregory Frank or write in a note
Wednesday we believe further gains from
trimming hours will prove difficult
which limits the opportunity to get
labor below 27 percent of sales even if
traffic recovers this is such this is
nonsense
I mean this is like what's that phrase
it's like you know you're worried about
nickels and dimes when there's
hundred-dollar bills yeah flying over
here I mean that's what this is like
nitpicking something like employee wages
that can benefit an economy so much when
everyone gets a living wage and making
it out like this could be the downfall
of the company and you look at some of
the corporations that do like you said a
little better that's not saying any of
these institutions are perfect of course
they're not but you look at Starbucks
which kind of does something similar
kind of Costco and Chipotle none of them
are struggling by any means right
they're all doing just fine and the one
thing that I can hope but notice when I
go into any of those three places the
people working there seem happy they
seem a little happier the other places I
go into that's for sure mm-hmm that's
definitely for sure yeah yeah there's
definitely support always surprised you
go to Chipotle there people work there
smiling yeah they're cracking jokes
they're cracking jokes and they're
smiling I'm like yeah I've always
shocked by that yeah this is that step
no I just I'm stuck you know what I'm
gonna go to Chipotle today just because
of Bank of America that's how I feel so
this is what they say so you see how
their sick brain works they see the
analyst slashed his 2017 earnings
estimate to 740 from 760 and lowered his
so they're gonna earn instead of earning
760 they're gonna earn 740s that per
share I'm gonna Gavin out of again I'm
not Dylan Ratigan I'm a nightclub
comedian but that's what that sounds
like and that's considered so they're
still making a profit a handsome profit
but that's not enough you have to screw
over some of your workers and you can
make a little bit more that's Wall
Street's mentality that's the mentality
of Wall Street which is
you need to keep those motherfuckers
heavily regulated and they lowered his
2018 estimate to 950 from 1050 shares of
Chipotle have risen nearly 10 percent
over the past month but remain down over
12 percent this year by late morning
shares were down 2 percent following the
call so after they did that the shares
of Chipotle went out after at Bank of
America / Merrill Lynch why is it Bank
of America / Merrill Lynch oh that's
right because they all failed and the
government had to give them money they
okay anyway so there are they downgraded
so they they downgraded Chipotle and
their stock went down 2% following that
and that's because they don't treat
their employees shitty enough but by the
way their business is doing great make a
lot of money they're able to share some
of the profits with their employees and
everybody seems to be happy that's a
failure for Wall Street Starbucks
Alice that's a fail you have to shit on
your employees a little bit more that's
a life without unions that's a life
without a economic system we have an
insane economic system in America we
have a system that takes the richest
country in the world and renders half
its population poor low income half of
all wage earners are in less than
$30,000 in America richest country in
the world but Wall Street ooh tell you
that's how it's supposed to be and
that's those people it's your own fault
you're poor you don't get a go get it
but even though the most the most
powerful well moneyed forces are pushing
everything against you to keep your
wages down in collusion with the
government to keep your wages down but
you're supposed to be able to do good in
this economy even with it's all right
even though every institution is pushing
against you
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
