there are now two women who have accused
Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct and
Michael avenatti the attorney for stormy
Daniels has come forward alleging that
there is a third woman who has credible
claims against Brett Kavanaugh as well
so we don't know what those accusations
are avenatti hasn't released any details
about those accusations yet but it
appears that he will be representing
this woman and again he says that the
allegations are credible now with that
said I think an interesting conversation
would be the political calculation /
miscalculations by Republicans in regard
to this story
there has been some polling recently
indicating that Republicans are losing
support among female voters and so Trump
had up Trump weird
slip jenk has more details I have strong
details I have the best details okay so
before you the political calculations
here which are affected by if there is a
third woman avenatti on twitter has been
talking about this since Sunday night
we're doing the show live here of course
Monday night hey he says his client is
no longer a government employee but that
she still holds a security clearance so
that is relevant it makes you wonder if
she worked with Kavanagh at some point
in the Bush administration or when he
was a judge and she says that she's had
multiple security clearances now there's
no way of judging whether that person
exists and and how credible they are or
what any of the details or the
allegations are because they're not
public yet
now avenatti as a person cuts in two
different directions clearly he's
against trump so you can take what he
says with some grain of salt on the
other hand when he has promised big
scoops in the past he has always
delivered there has not been like hey
I'm gonna do this I'm just kidding I was
just trying to get media attention that
has not happened yet
so if he says there's something coming
out it doesn't mean it's gonna be
credible but it probably is going to be
something so that
to be a third person so now as the
Republicans look at that here is the
calculation they're making okay if we
think we're going to lose the majority
in the Senate then we have to get
Cavanaugh through right now otherwise
we're not going to be able to get them
through the Democrats control the Senate
after the elections on the other hand if
we can hold a majority who cares my
cabin on let's just get rid of them well
let's get someone else that is not going
to inflict political damage on us right
before the election especially with
female voters so that is what they're
weighing right now and how much damages
are gonna do the Republicans if they
keep this national conversation going
where they are constantly attacking
women who are making serious allegations
and saying oh they're lying they're
smears they're this they're that so now
factor in the poll that Ana mentioned
they had came out over the weekend and I
was so blown away by the numbers that I
did a YouTube live on it and so the
generic congressional elections
Democrats versus Republicans who do you
want to control Congress was that
already an incredibly high eight-point
advantage for the Democrats until this
pole this pole now has it at a 12-point
advantage and there's only six weeks
left so tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick now the only demographic that
the Republicans are still holding is men
over the age of 45
they have lost every other demographic
and now because their lead among men
over the age of 45 is strong enough
they're still holding men overall but
now that lead among men is just out of
three points which is really bad news
for Republicans they have to hold men at
much higher numbers in order to win
these elections now how about women
they've always had a disadvantage when
it came to women and to me when the
Democrats at MSNBC always touted all
they lost women I was like yeah but they
have men okay you're just telling half
the story that doesn't make any sense so
well now in this case I just told you
the other half of the equation men when
it comes to women they
you're the lead that the Democrats have
now is no longer big or significant it
is now gigantic the Democrats now hold
at twenty five point advantage among
women now it doesn't take a rocket
scientist to do that math only a three
point lead among men with men and a
twenty five point deficit among women
and women have been showing up in record
numbers in the primaries and that's just
within the party okay wait till you get
a load of the general election now the
last stat that has got to get Mitch
McConnell and his colleagues super
nervous which whether it's the right
thing or not the right thing is probably
going to affect Cavanaugh's fate more
than anything else is even in Republican
districts their lead among compared to
the Democrats on average for the whole
country it's down to one point now
understand that a lot of those
Republican districts are super safe they
have twenty point leads thirty point
leads in some of those districts so if
you take all the Republican hell
districts and an average they're down to
a one-point lead against the Democrats
that's not a wave that's a tsunami so a
Republican pollster said I have never
seen numbers this week so as they collab
as they get together in caucus this week
which is exactly what they're doing I
need you to understand that they're
gonna keep it real that McConnell is
gonna talk to those guys how many of you
do you think are gonna lose Ted do you
think you're gonna lose in Texas okay
yes and and how many hey are you going
to lose in in Missouri are we're gonna
get McCaskill back into the Senate right
so what do we need to do I mean I are we
gonna go from 25 point deficit with
women down to 30 points that we're all
toast we might all lose right so that's
what's happening right now I have so
many things to say okay so first off
when it comes to Republicans losing
support I do think that the Cavanaugh
hearings have a lot to do with it but
also I think Republicans have really
underestimated how disastrous Trump's
administration has been for their poll
numbers because they've continuously
supported him and it
appeared especially when it came to the
election with Mark Sanford remember mark
Sanford was one of the lawmakers who
decided to criticize Trump and he lost
the election as a result of that and I
think that there was too much emphasis
and too much attention paid to that
where Republicans thought no we better
fall in line we better support Trump
because if we do we're gonna pay the
price but I do think that there were a
lot of moderate Republican voters who
ended up reluctantly voting for Trump
but then later saw you know how
disastrous his policies were like the
the tax policy it had very low approval
ratings from the get-go right before it
even got passed and Republicans passed
it anyway and they didn't care they
didn't think that they would have they
would have to suffer the consequences
for that and I do think that they will
and I think that this Cavanagh thing
this cabin house story is just another
example or maybe the the straw that
breaks the camel's back we'll see but
going back to Ted Cruz yeah Ted Cruz is
in trouble and I think that Senate
Republicans see that there's a really
good chance that Cruz could lose to
better or ork and what makes that
abundantly clear to me is the way that
Cruz tries to attack Beto you can't
attack him based on policies because
Beddoes policies are popular so instead
he attacks Beto for having nice hair and
good teeth he attacks that is literally
the weakest attack I have ever seen in
politics I mean is it really an attack
though I mean like hey you know what
you're too good-looking hey thank me
like that all day long yeah but I guess
if you're Ted Cruz you can't help but
think that yeah anyway so now my final
thought on this is look do I think is
taking into account
Cavanaugh's potential vote on Roe vs.
Wade and then that impact on the
elections and your electoral chances as
a senator is a legitimate way to think
about whether you should vote for
Cavanaugh yes I do think that do I think
that taking your electoral chances into
account is a legitimate way of deciding
Cavanaugh at this point is the right way
to go no I do not think that I think
that you should they should make that
decision at this point based on whether
they think he did or did not do those
incredibly serious allegations so I
don't think politics should play in
to that because those allegations are
either obviously disqualifying if they
he did do it or you should go to bad
form and defend him to the hilt if he
you think for sure that he didn't do it
because that's an unbelievable smear job
if you think he didn't do it and you say
I don't care that he got smeared like
I'd lose my political career over
defending a person that I thought was
being smeared but but but these are
politicians they're not like you and I
right the only thing they care about is
their own seat so when as they as they
look at these events that are unfolding
man they all have to be super super
nervous about it because my god when you
have women showing up at the primaries
that the record rate that they are you
got a twenty five point deficit with
women now imagine that you rush this
confirmation through and they're in a
vanadis right and there's a third person
and they're credible now you got women
wondering my god what the hell is
Kavanaugh have been doing all his life
then he got the story we didn't even do
because we thought it was you know not
to the level of these other stories
about how he needed a certain kind of a
certain look for women who were applying
etc and I don't want to get into too
much of those details but when you put
all of that into consideration and then
you go yeah all these horrible horrible
charges
we don't care women the only thing we
care about is that he's gonna vote
against Roe versus Wade I mean you might
have awakened a woken a giant that
you're not gonna know what to do with
and so if you wanted record turnout like
we've never seen for Women Voters that
is the exact recipe for that so if
they're not caucusing right now to be
incredibly careful about their political
chances they ought to be cuz they might
be walking into something that they they
literally have never seen before in
their political lives the TYT Plus app
is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
comm slash app
