so Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz had an
interesting debate the other night it
was about taxes now the Republicans are
planning to cut taxes up to the bone for
rich folks and multinational
corporations that's a fact
in fact I'll give you one very specific
fact 80% of the taxes they proposed are
gonna go to the top one percent and then
the Ted Cruz says oh this is for farmers
in the middle class no no no no it's not
it's literally not the Tax Policy Center
says 80% of the cuts are not gonna go to
the top 20 or 10 percent they're gonna
go to top 1% it's unbelievable anyway so
I was surprised to see this headline for
media Justin Baragona rights watch
Bernie Sanders get caught off guard by
audience members response to CNN debate
and oh I was like really dude did Bernie
get caught flat-footed he didn't know
how to answer a tax question so I'm now
going to show you the clip where Bernie
was caught off guard okay prepare to be
stunned at how Bernie was flat-footed
honest of course that White's his thing
senator Sanders over my lifetime all
we've seen is more government and more
expenses cutting taxes from top to
bottom or bomb the top however you view
it then will give some relief to the
burdensome expenses all Americans face
why would you not want a tax cut across
the board for all Americans well I do
want a tax cut for the middle class and
working families but when the top
one-tenth of 1% now owns as much wealth
as the bottom 90% when you have a
handful of people with incredible wealth
and power no I'm afraid that I will not
support tax breaks for billionaires now
I don't know if you were there when
President trouble you there when
President Trump came to Pennsylvania I
was yeah a president truck was touting
as I understand that the repeal of the
estate tax something that senator Cruz
supports that's why he was there correct
let's talk about the repeal of the
estate tax the only people who benefit
from that are the top two-tenths
of 1% ninety-nine point eight percent of
the people do not pay a nickel in estate
taxes senator cruz will tell you about
all the farmers of the ranches well ted
there are 80 of them in the united
states the overwhelming majority of
beneficiaries of this estate tax the
Trump was supporting our people like the
walton family do you really believe that
the wealthiest family in America should
get a tax break of up to fifty billion
dollars that the Koch brothers should
get a tax break of up to 30 billion do
you think that makes sense I did say all
Americans well do you think that the
wealthy should not get tax breaks I did
say all Americans okay well I happen not
to believe that the Koch brothers need a
tax break oh my god they got him I
didn't know they got him that bad so
yeah okay so the guy disagrees and he
thinks the Waltons who by the way it was
their dad who created Walmart not them
so they should receive another fifty
billion dollars in tax breaks I read a
stat and last year that those six
Walters who inherited their money what
happened to bootstraps anyway
they inherited the money and they those
six Waltons have more money than the
bottom 50% of the country that's over a
hundred and fifty million people six
people are more but they apparently need
another fifty billion dollars in taxes
the Koch brothers this guy thinks
because he owns a trucking company my
guess is that he might be in the point
two percent I don't know for sure or he
thinks like I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
that point two percent anyway he's no no
yeah the Koch brothers say poor guys
they should probably get another thirty
billion dollar tax break okay that's
fine god bless your heart man I don't
think a lot of Americans agree and it's
all Ted Cruz of course that's gonna help
the economy what the Koch brothers are
gonna buy another yacht another jet and
that's gonna help the economy every
dollar that goes in breaks to the poor
in the middle class gets spent almost
immediately and recirculates in the
economy and creates a bigger and
bigger growth in the economy that's
great dollars that go to the richest
people in the country almost all that
gets saved which means that it does not
recirculate an economy and does not
create growth or jobs they've been lying
to you this whole time with this
trickle-down economic nonsense and no
Bernie was not caught flat-footed or
off-guard
he had a great answer as usual it's
amazing how they twist things if you
like this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
