does anybody even remember the movie 10
with Bo Derek in it okay you're gonna
see why we did this graphic so Donald
Trump was talking about very serious
issues he stopped talking about uranium
and Russia that's another story and I'll
cover that as well but before we get the
serious stuff let's have a little bit of
fun he was asked about how the federal
government reacted to the hurricane
recovery efforts in Puerto Rico how'd
they do now what would a normal
president say they'd say look you know
our hearts are heavy for the people who
suffered in Puerto Rico and I think
we're doing the best we can and I'm
proud that we said you know X amount of
you know and you would name a number of
fact as number of people we sent trucks
we spent supplies we sent etcetera but
you know it's never enough and we're
gonna keep on fighting to make sure that
they deliver right stuff like that
here's what Trump said instead it was a
ten I'd say it was probably the most
difficult I give ourselves a ten but we
have provided so much so fast
we had the Coast Guard waiting for the
storm just outside the storm and
following the storm in Army Navy the
Marines the Air Force helicopters that
weren't even meant for this purpose so
we would have the military driving
trucks it's not even their aptitude
didn't really know how to drive trucks
but they learned very quickly they're
smart the gentleman who worked for Bill
Clinton when he was president gave us an
A+ gave us an A+ I really believe he's
correct we have done a really great job
the military they don't know how to
drive trucks they don't know it but they
figured it out because that's how good
Donald Trump is ten out of ten and they
were all around there and and the
gentleman that worked for Bill Clinton
gave us an A+ whose name I obviously
didn't bother to remember even though he
gave us an A+ okay he but there's not
the first time the Donald Trump has
given himself a ten
we found one other instance here's a key
I can a fucking team whoever goofball
for a president how would I grade myself
a team a team unfortunately he's a
dangerous goofball otherwise it'd be a
lot of fun guys it's not a reality show
he's actually the President of the
United States help us fill the
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm /join
