over the weekend The New Yorker with
reporting from Ronan Farrow broke a
story indicating that a second woman has
come forward with allegations against
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh so
these allegations are by a woman named
Deborah Ramirez and she went to Yale
with Brett Kavanaugh and she admits that
you know the alleged assault took place
a long time ago and so there are parts
that she doesn't clearly remember
however what she did relay to the
reporters in this case she says she does
remember and we'll see if these claims
get investigated but let me give you the
details
so Deborah Ramirez remembers that
Cavanaugh had exposed himself at a
drunken dormitory party thrust his penis
in her face and caused her to touch it
without her consent as she pushed him
away she was quoted in the story as
saying I wasn't going to touch a penis
until I was married I was embarrassed
and ashamed and humiliated Brett was
laughing I can still see his face and
his hips coming forward like when you
pull up your pants and so she says that
she never came forward or told anyone
about this because she was embarrassed
she was also drinking so she was
concerned that people would go after her
rather than look into these allegations
and it seems as though those who support
Cavanaugh today are using that against
her and we'll get to the reactions later
the claim dates to the 1983 1984
academic school year when Cavanaugh was
a freshman at Yale University the
offices of at least four Democratic
senators have received information about
the allegation and at least two have
begun investigating it so the New Yorker
notes that the Senate had known about
this at least the Judiciary Committee
had known about this last week and the
reaction from Republicans was to rush
the confirmation and that explains why
all of a sudden there was this ultimatum
indicating that there was a very strict
deadline for dr. Blasi to
agree to testify they later you know
change that ultimatum and now it's being
reported that dr. Blasi is likely to
testify on Thursday of this week however
with these new allegations Senator
Dianne Feinstein is calling for a
postponement for that that hearing in
order to do further investigation and
they're also calling for the FBI to get
involved so if the hearings do have it
on Thursday we will cover it live and
give you commentary on the spot as we're
showing it to you guys on T y-t-dot-com
/live and and now let's get the heart of
the ram√≠rez allegations here I if true
and can be shown well enough for people
to understand that it is true obviously
would be the end of Cavanaugh and now
there's some progressive groups that are
actually calling for him to be impeached
from his current position in on the
federal bench now
she clearly says that she had trouble
recollecting some of this and that she
was very intoxicated that night so that
to me cuts in two different directions
one is that well okay then you have to
be a little wary about what she's saying
because she's not entirely positive on
the other hand which person who's
looking to set him up politically would
admit that if you were trying to do a
hatchet job you would never say that you
would say I'm positive and and come
forward yourself etc so now the second
part of the question of whether you
believe her or not and look these are
the things that we all look to as we
read these stories and what you know for
example look even before I get to that
let me just say if the story isn't true
that and and Cavanaugh got blocked on
that basis that would be really really
troubling it would be devastating and it
would be devastating because there was
an injustice done to one person it also
be devastating to the cause of
protecting women because then it would
give people carte blanche to say oh we
knew all of it wasn't true etc so
it's really important for us to the best
of our abilities to discern is it true
is it not true is it relevant etc right
so then that gets to the witnesses so
Ronan Farrow and Jane Mayer broke the
story there in immaculately careful and
with these stories that doesn't mean
they get everyone right so but they did
take a lot of care and have defended
themselves about this particular story
to try to reach out to all the different
witnesses now again this is what the FBI
should be doing so we could all have a
better sense of it whether he did do it
or didn't do it so we can make clear
decisions but now reporters are chasing
it down new york times in all of a
sudden the Trump administration's best
friend and I don't say that derisively
towards the New York Times I say towards
the Trump administration because the New
York Times is just simply trying to
report out a story say that they talked
to about a dozen people who did not
recollect this at all and so now the
Trump administration doesn't think
they're the failing New York Times they
think that they're the brilliant New
York Times and are spreading that to
everyone who will consider it Pharaoh
and Mayor the New Yorkers said yes we
also talked to dozens of witnesses and a
lot of them did not remember this story
including a really good friend of
Deborah Ramirez on the other hand
several people did remember this story
that's right and by the way there was
one individual quoted in The New Yorker
someone who identified as a close friend
former close friend of ramirez's and
said you know we were closed for ten
years and she never brought this up
first let me just be clear about
something
just because someone didn't bring up a
sexual assault doesn't mean it didn't
happen
it could be something that this
individual was very embarrassed about
just didn't feel comfortable opening up
about so let's just take that into
consideration but another thing to take
into consideration is that that friend
who was close with her for 10 years is
now married to a man who was allegedly
present when this alleged sexual assault
took place so there's a possibility that
that person wants to protect her husband
again this is all analysis that's being
done by me by other people in the media
and the fact of the matter is it's all
irrelevant what matters is having a
nonpartisan FBI investigation into this
to get to the heart of the truth but
that is something that Republicans do
not want to do in fact when they heard
these allegations they wanted to rush
the confirmation of Cavanaugh and they
do not want the FBI investigation I'm
inclined to believe the accusations
right and I'm starting to think that
Republicans in the Senate are inclined
to believe the accusations because they
refuse any investigation into these
allegations on this allegation to me
there are a couple of things that go in
different directions and so everybody
gets to make up their own mind and
obviously a lot of people come into it
with their own biases and I hope that
some don't and I hope that I'm one of
the people who don't come at it with a
bias because I always think what if it
was a Democrat or a liberal appointee
and and and this was happening okay so
that leads me to one person who does
remember this incident it is an unnamed
person but mayor and and the Trump
propaganda on the faith news media is
ridiculous mayor and Pharaoh aren't
going to make up someone and call them
an anonymous source the reason Trump
believes that that could happen is
because he used to do it he would
pretend to be someone else John Miller
John Baron and be an anonymous source
for people so he thinks why everybody's
probably a serial pathological liar like
myself so my jury's in on Trump that's
not the issue here
so on this a classmate actually did talk
to Mayor and Pharaoh and this is what he
had to say here is the New Yorker quote
a classmate of Ramirez's said that
another student told him about the
incident either on the night of the
party or in the next day or two
the classmate said that he is quote 100
percent sure that he was told at the
time that Cavanaugh was a student who
expose himself to Ramirez
well that's number one pretty clear
again it's just one witness but Farrow
and Mayor say that he independently
recalled many of the same details
offered by Ramirez they did not
coordinate so these reporters are great
reporters they said okay what what do
you remember being the details and that
person had the same details that
Meera's had in her story and and that
person apparently added quote I've known
this all along it's been on my mind all
these years when his name came up it was
a big deal so the only thing that where
I go on the other hand is that she says
she had trouble remembering that's tough
that's a tough thing to say hey there's
a super serious accusation against
someone at a pivotal time and you're
telling me you had to take six days to
remember it exactly right
I get where a lot of people go ah no I'm
out that's not good enough right but it
is independently confirmed by this other
person and she's and she is apparently a
reputation for it by even the people who
say I don't remember that story I say oh
no no Debra Ramirez is super honest like
like known for being over-the-top honest
and that's and she shows it by saying I
was drunk and I had trouble remembering
no political hack would ever say that if
their job was to go get Kavanagh so
she's not a political hack that I'm
certain of in that sense she might be a
Democrat but this is not a hatchet job
that she invented is she remembering
right I think that's a legitimate
question and then you have this evidence
to help you make up your mind on that
for me what also happens to be pretty
telling is her willingness to come
forward with these allegations in a
pretty honest way meaning that she is
admitting to you know things that maybe
she doesn't remember her admitting to
the fact that she was drunk at the time
but more importantly the fact that she's
willing to come forward knowing the way
that doctor Blasi has been treated the
fact that she's had to move out of her
home she's had to relocate her family
and she's has to hire private security
because the threats against her have
been terrifying and she's also seen the
way that doctor Blasi has been dragged
through the mud by Republicans and the
fact that she's willing to put herself
out there with these allegations
it doesn't necessarily prove anything
but it's something to consider and again
the most important thing to do is to
conduct an investigation and that again
is something that Republicans do not
want to do and understand the politics
of
- which is that yes the Republicans
don't want to do the investigation
because they're afraid he's going to get
past the midterm elections they then
went lose the Senate and then it might
not get Kavanaugh confirmed the
Democrats for the same reason do want
the investigation partly to find out the
truth but partly to delay the
proceedings that is a real political
concern of the Democrats so take that
into account as well for for me I think
man if it isn't true
and you buried this guy and you didn't
do an FBI investigation or you put him
on the court and it wasn't true and we
never find out that still is terrible
for him because forever a huge
percentage of this country is gonna
think that he did it and if it isn't
true
I would want if it was me I'd like by
God get in there
talk to here's my witness one witness to
look and nobody's recollection is
perfect from 36 years ago etc but he I
got to get this off my name right
absolutely I know that if I were dealing
with false accusations I would 100% want
someone to investigate it to ensure that
my name gets cleared and it's just
strange that he doesn't want that
you know Kavanaugh for his part has
responded by saying I won't be
intimidated
I won't withdraw as a nominee for the
Supreme Court and so he continues to
deny the allegations he wants to keep
moving forward with the hearings and get
confirmed but let's say best-case
scenario for him he does get confirmed
without any investigation is he
comfortable knowing that there's a huge
portion of the country that either
doesn't know what the truth is they're
kind of you know on the fence or are
convinced that he is someone who's
committed sexual assault this is a
serious thing by the way
attempted rape is a serious crime and
we're not calling for a criminal
investigation but I don't think that
anyone who has committed any type of
serious crime should ever make it into
our justice system but more importantly
in this the highest court in the country
yeah and one more some degree of strike
against them you wait again at whatever
you think is appropriate he said that
these charges by Ramirez were
quote smears pure and simple so he's now
super aggressively fighting back now if
you thought they were smears be I would
fight back super aggressively and you
probably would too
but as I read Ramirez's story I thought
no this definitely happened to her I'm
not a hundred percent sure that it was
Brent Kavanagh but she didn't make up
the whole story and she's not doing it
for political reasons otherwise she
wouldn't you know do all the things that
I described here and she wouldn't be
hesitant and and by the way another
thing you should know and discuss in two
directions as well the Democrats
apparently went fishing here trying to
find someone because they had heard of a
story at Yale where Cavanaugh had done
this number one that apparently exists
enough people have heard about it that
the Democrats found out about it number
two they then went and tried to find who
had happened to and through that process
Ramirez gets revealed so that is a
strike that is a thing in her favor
because she didn't come out here and go
it was me it was me I'm doing it that
Cavanaugh I don't want him on the court
she's not doing any of that
she got dragged into you want to count
it as a strike against the Democratic
Party for going fishing and finding this
person okay fine
and and that seems like that's what
happened but the question is is it true
if I if I'm Cavanaugh and I read this
story of course you're gonna get mad if
it wasn't you're gonna be super mad
right but at the same time I'd read it
and go she definitely thinks it happened
to her okay so then the question is who
was it because I didn't do it and I
wouldn't I'm not sure I'd go out there
and say this has spear P through him
through I said look man we that's a
terrible thing for that to happen to her
and maybe we should look into figuring
out who did it because it definitely
wasn't me yeah unless he just thinks no
she's just a super super clever liar and
this was a political trick all along but
this fact pattern doesn't seem to match
that right again there should be the FBI
involved in this they should look into
it and try to figure out whether or not
there's any corroborating evidence
whether or not any of these allegations
are true it's ridiculous that it's now
up to people in the media to you know do
the investigation and figure out what
the truth is by the way one other thing
I wanted to bring up last week we
he played a video featuring Senator
mazie Hirono and she had asked Brett
Kavanaugh you know have you ever been
accused of I don't remember the exact
wording but she asked if he ever was
accused of sexual assault as an adult
and I thought that was weird wording
right and now I'm realizing oh it
probably had to do with these
allegations because remember these
allegations are from when he was a
freshman at Yale when he was an adult
the allegations that dr. Blasi brought
forward happened when they were in high
school when he was 17 and so who knows
you know like what's happening behind
the scenes you're right it does seem
like Democrats are on a fishing
expedition trying to find more accusers
but nonetheless I don't want it I don't
want this to be a guessing game I want
this to be something that's looked into
by nonpartisan professionals and the
exact question was have you committed
any verbal or physical harassment or
assault of a sexual nature and that was
in context of when he was an adult and
so at the Yale incident he would have
been an adult and it certainly would
have qualified is that and he said no I
that he had not so it was super last
thing on this is that look Kavanagh has
now been caught saying several things
that didn't prove to be true
so it's that context is also relevant
and so now in the context of a guy who's
swearing up and down the certain things
or the case and it turns out they're not
the case now you have this situation
well it makes them less credible and
obviously every new accuser makes them
even less credible and both sides know
that and and hence why the Democrats
want to see if there are more accusers
and now Michael avenatti is talking
about he has another one or and and I'm
sorry and the Republicans think we've
got to get this thing done right now so
that there are no more accusers and he's
on the court I don't care if he did it
or didn't do it
which way is he voting he's voting with
corporations he's voting against Roe vs.
Wade he said
go-go-go and that appears to be the case
except for one caveat unless they think
it's gonna cost them to election because
the most the thing that they're any
politician cares most about is their own
seat and so that's the calculations
being played out this week and actually
one SuperDuper last thing is that in a
postgame today I want to talk about the
context of Georgetown Prep where
Cavanaugh came from and how they would
apparently target one woman at a time
and try to get them intoxicated and you
know they called it there and the thing
that they concoct it was jungle juice
etcetera but I want to talk about that
even separate from this story obviously
it's related to this story but that
concept of of guys trying to do that
it's just merits of further discussion
let's do in the postgame you get that by
being a member at TYT dot-com /join two
easy ways to follow young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
