ROI price is now the former CEO of
Amazon Studios at following accusations
that he sexually harassed a producer for
one of the series on Amazon
eisah Hackett spoke to The Hollywood
Reporter recently and told them about
her experience getting sexually harassed
by Roy Price and immediately after the
accusations and immediately after the
report came out Amazon Studios suspended
Roy price and he has since resigned from
the position now just to give you a
refresher Hackett told The Hollywood
Reporter last week that in 2015 price
allegedly propositioned her in a cab on
the way to an Amazon party but she told
him she has a wife and children he
allegedly told her you will love my dick
he said according to a Hackett who
relayed her account to multiple
individuals in the hours after the
alleged episode two people corroborated
that account to The Hollywood Reporter
Hackett says price did not relent in the
cab or once they arrived at the Amazon
party so he continued harassing her as
she talked with other executives she
says that price stepped close to her ear
and loudly said anal sex so he has
resigned he has stepped down I haven't
seen a statement from him I haven't seen
any admission from him but nonetheless
the fact that he's no longer working
there is a victory for not only Hackett
who is producing the series man in the
high castle but also for other women who
would have to deal with him as the head
of Amazon Studios having to to say that
it's poor judgment at least is
understating it she says no thank you I
have a wife he goes you'll love my dick
probably not probably not okay now
you've this was unsolicited and it is
clear sexual harassment you hold a
position of power over her you could
greenlight future projects or not she
told you she's not interested you're
still pursuing it and and in there kind
of a gross way to say the least and
she's told you she's got a wife he's
like oh good point on the other hand
anal sex okay I'm
if you weren't a bit worried you weren't
worried about the sexual harassment one
you should be - no I don't know if look
I don't even want to get into whether he
was drunk or not it doesn't matter it's
not an excuse really really poor
judgment it was poor judgment on his
part of course but you know Hackett went
and complained about this to to Amazon
and let them know what happened so she
did report it immediately and what I
found interesting was you know she
didn't hear anything from anyone you
know following her report however he was
still employed
she just didn't see him around as much
she didn't have to work with him as
closely as before
Amazon didn't suspend him until the
Hollywood Reporter reported on this so
they were aware of these allegations
well before The Hollywood Reporter
reported on it so look I'm saying this
because it's important to keep in mind
that these types of things oftentimes do
get reported to higher-ups they do get
reported to human resources and and it
seems like it either gets brushed under
the rug or there might be a small
band-aid placed over a gushing wound and
in this case it seemed like they just
put a band-aid over it until Hackett
went public with what happened and
people started criticizing Amazon for it
doesn't make a difference if there's a
spotlight on something of course of
course and so that's why this movement
is so important because if you put a
bigger spotlight on it it's gonna make
men who are predisposed to doing this a
little bit more reluctant and some small
percentage of women as well I knew
someone who had actually worked here
once she told the story on air before
about how she was sexually assaulted by
a female executive and so it's just a
it's mainly a position of power yes a
hugely percentage of men do it
but either way we got to put a spotlight
on it so people realize that they can't
get away with it anymore
support independent media come join us
to the Young Turks TYT Network comm /
join
