Donald Trump has been distracting those
in the media quite a bit with the issue
of calling family members of fallen
soldiers now recently he called the
grieving widow of a green beret who
tragically died on October 4th
his name was Army sergeant Lee David
Johnson and he died in an unfortunate
ambush while he was abroad and there
were three other Green Berets who died
as a result of that Isis ambush now
Myesha Johnson was grieving in a car
when she received the phone call from
Donald Trump and the perception of that
phone call was that she was he was I
apologize he was incredibly insensitive
to her allegedly telling her that he
knew what he signed up for when he
signed up for the military but I guess
it hurts anyway now there were a number
of people who allegedly witnessed this
call and one of those individuals was
representative federica Wilson from
Florida and so she made the media rounds
and and talked about what she perceived
in regard to that phone call and I want
to share her perspective with you right
now let's take a look
she was crying the whole time and when
she hung up the phone she looked at me
and said he didn't even remember his
name
that's the that's the hurting part he
was almost like joking he said well I
guess you knew he was something to the
fact that he knew what he was getting
into when he signed up but I guess it
hurts anyway you know just
matter-of-factly that this is what
happens anyone who is signing up for
military duty is signing up to die and
that's the way we interpreted it and it
was horrible it was insensitive it was
absolutely crazy and unnecessary limit
so just to give you a little more
information about the widow in this
story my Isha Johnson
she is currently pregnant with her
husband's child obviously and he's not
here anymore because of the fact
he was ambushed by Isis there's a photo
of her grieving that has gone viral
because it just perfectly captures you
know the pain that she's suffering at
this moment they had two other children
together as well
so it's Jake jumpin yeah it's hard to
not rage about this story yeah so my
agent Johnson was on if you're wondering
why the hell was a congresswoman in the
car at the same time because she was on
the way to pick up his remains that's
the picture you see there is his casket
arrives and she's devastated and she was
crying throughout the entire phone call
with Donald Trump and and her and her
uncle were also in the car the
congressman was press person driver and
Master Sergeant were in the car and
several people in the car confirmed the
conversation as the congresswoman has
related and look you know you think
about the killer that's on the way and
it's hard not to get really emotional
about it I think though that I've become
a little too jaded by Donald Trump and
maybe for people who don't know who he
really is this comes as a more shocking
story but he's he doesn't have a script
when he causes these family members when
and if he calls these family members so
are you surprised that Donald Trump said
something inappropriate I would be
almost shocked if he didn't I'm 100% not
shocked it doesn't mean that every time
it happens I feel nothing and I'm sure
that's not what you're saying either you
know when you see that photo of a widow
grieving the loss of her husband because
he was serving this country and then you
hear that kind of reaction from who's
supposed to be our leader it's
devastating because you know the whole
point of that call which isn't mandated
by law is to comfort the family members
who just lost someone who was serving
the country and look just think about
everything in context think about the
the discourse taking place in the United
States right now in regard to our First
Amendment rights and in regard to NFL
players who are kneeling during the
national anthem he has the audacity to
call those into
unpatriotic while simultaneously either
refusing to call family members who have
lost their loved ones fighting in
various Wars or when he does call them
disrespecting them by saying well he
knew what he signed up for is that
really what you say to someone who's in
the process of grieving who's literally
on the phone crying at that very moment
it's just so incredibly heartless the
look since I think I understand Donald
Trump's mind a little bit better and and
and that's a scary place to be but I
think that from his perspective he
thinks well that's why I didn't go to
Vietnam I didn't sign up for it because
I didn't want to die and so other people
had to go is in my place my daddy got me
a doctor's note that says I have some
bone spur which I don't have so I chose
not to go that's why I didn't die your
husband chose to become a green beret so
that's why he died I think that that's
just how he thinks it through and like
so sad day for him I you know I get it
it still hurts you but signed up for it
I and and part of that is a deflection
of blame because it could never ever be
Donald Trump's fault now this was a they
got ambushed and it is very similar to
Benghazi but Benghazi was not actually
Obama's fault and this is not actually
Trump's fault
so this ambush was a complete surprise
and I don't think it's to the best of my
ability to discern it right now there is
no facts that we know of today that says
that it was Trump's negligence or
incompetence or anything like that but
since he's being blamed for remember
he's only calling her because he just
got heat in the press that he'd never
called for 12 days after the right after
they'd been killed so he's like oh damn
it I gotta make up for it he come picks
up the phone and he says he's been asked
about it at a press conference he's
feeling defensive so he's saying like
well he signed up for it he signed up
for it it wasn't my father he signed up
for it but you know I get it you still
hurts and and she said the other
offensive part the widow said was that
he didn't even remember his name Trump
didn't remember and he proves that in
addressing this incident in the media
because he doesn't uh refer to my
at all by name in issue he certainly
does not recall the name of David
Johnson he just doesn't say their names
he just says the widow the woman the
soldier and it just shows that it's not
it just appears and it's my perspective
right that he doesn't care that he seems
completely untouched by this unfazed by
this and as you mentioned more concerned
about his image and the perspective that
people have perception that people have
of him and the job that he's doing he
makes everything about him this is not
about you this is about our fallen
soldiers this is about family members
who are grieving and this is about doing
what you can to comfort them rather than
use it as an opportunity to defend
yourself it's just pathetic so but again
not remembering the name it's a classic
Donald Trump movie he did of course he
didn't do his homework he never does his
homework about anything it doesn't
matter how important it is I mean he
didn't do his homework on potential
nuclear war with North Korea he still to
this day doesn't know what's in the
health care bill and he proved it in
another conversation earlier today with
politicians and so is he gonna remember
'la David Johnson's name of course not
if you thought that he cared enough to
him to do the homework and remember that
name you don't know him at all he's
obsessed with himself in another call
that I think the Washington Post tracked
and they went and called up yes
Washington bows all the people that he
has contacted thirteen different
families in one of them it was Sergeant
Cameron Thomas's this is not related to
the recent ambush this is from an
earlier incident where an Army Ranger
was killed on April 27th called is that
his dad likes Donald Trump voted for
Donald Trump didn't have anything bad to
say about him he just related an amusing
story and again not in a way to
criticize him at all he was glad that
the President had called him he was
honored the president called him he
supports him he just said oh I mentioned
something about how I had voted for him
and he said that quote got him on
another tangent which extend the
conversation for 10 minutes because he
started talking about the strides that
he's made could the quote the strides
that he's made in the short time that
he's been president because they turned
to Donald Trump he's like oh thank god
okay your son whatever right so now
let's talk about me
for ten minutes he can't help himself
that's who he is and it reminds me of
you know President Obama going to a
small town in Michigan that was
positively impacted by some of Obama's
economic plans right his policies and so
people in that community started to you
know get jobs they started getting paid
more and when Obama went there and took
a little tiny bit of credit for his
economic policies they were livid and
angry at him right and so look I bring
that up as a comparison it seems pretty
incredible how Trump manages to do
things that Obama would have never
gotten away with like Obama got
criticized for wearing a tan colored
suit I mean just just put everything in
perspective for one moment and think
about that if you liked this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
