be careful I went crazy and here's $10
bet I would I was playing low low six
limit hey guys it's Emma biglan with CYT
politics and Jonna the role of from The
Young Turks and just general life we
have one my general life yeah no no we
don't have that technology yet yeah but
soon so we're here at the DNC Unity
Reform Commission they're running a
little bit late so sorry to keep you
guys waiting but I gave this overview on
TYT politics essentially they're going
to be talking about the primary process
how to make it better this is a panel of
21 people the chair is a Hillary Clinton
person the vice chairs of Bernie Sanders
person the head of our revolution and
then there is nine Hillary Clinton
people seven Bernie Sanders people and
three DNC chair appointees on this
Commission no Mickey Const our very own
is one of the people on there and so we
just wanted to give you guys a little
bit of a preview we expect that it'll be
some interesting discussions and
back-and-forth on how to reform the
primary process yeah yeah yeah so we do
have a hold this mother right I know
weigh your arm to get tired so so this
is the first of these sorts of meetings
that that I've gone to each of the
meetings obviously has been on a
different area of focus of which they
have several and I know that a lot of
our fans have a number of different big
concerns areas of reform that they'd
like to see in this particular meeting
some of those areas are not going to be
discussed or if they are discussed it's
gonna be somewhat tangentially like
there's not gonna be a lot of focus on
the super delegate process some of the
larger reforms specific to the internal
function of the Democratic Party are not
going to have a lot of discussion
unfortunately after the meeting when we
hopefully will be able to interview some
of the commission members we can bring
up those topics but yeah it is gonna be
focused specifically on primaries which
isn't ideal I don't know how how much is
going to get accomplished but it is
obviously very important and people had
massive problems with the way the
primaries were run last time yeah and
also not even specifically about
caucuses I guess there is there are
three areas of reform that are being
discussed in the Unity Reform Commission
one is primary slash caucuses only
primaries are being discussed today then
is the super look you could do both I
mean the caucuses are primaries but just
like weird and horrible but also like
one of the it's not net Sunnis are the
largest concern with the primaries there
are others but whether you have them or
caucuses is a concern how are you gonna
talk to four hours of a primaries nobody
can bring a caucus it won't even talk
about it but that's one of the
alternatives that we could turn to there
could there could that's the area that
they're most likely to touch on I think
like I could see Nomi bringing that up
or something like that but it seems like
an odd a mission like that is an
integral part of the discussion about
how the primary should be reformed for
the next cycle and I think really I
would say most of our concern is open
primaries what we want is to see the
primary process open up you see in New
York I mean the deadline I want one
person voting in each primary carefully
chosen by the party leadership we want
essentially a republic but but like an
intergalactic Star Wars kind of Republic
where bureaucracy only exists I like
where you're going with this I don't so
I think that opening the primary process
is my chief concern I live in New York
City I know how difficult it is to be a
democratic voter there it's so closed
off and we even see that they're already
trying to reform the California primary
process early on in anticipation of 2020
so hopefully there are some people some
Hilary some DNC people that will swing
over to that side and say hey we're the
Democratic Party with the Big D maybe we
should be small D Democratic and and
open up the process to as many people as
possible yeah maybe for once we can have
a big D dammit
but yeah I would like to see I mean
obviously there's the openness is a big
thing I don't know what what are what
argument could still remain after the
last cycle that it's better to close
people off why would you want people
getting interested involved in your
party months ahead of an election
you should just scramble the last minute
to get them to vote for you that doesn't
seem like a winning argument anymore but
then also you have you know how the
openness in terms of how when you can
register and all that and one of my
frustrations back during the Obama years
was the inability or the unwillingness
of the Democratic Party to open up the
federal election day to enshrine that is
one of the most important holidays to
make sure that everybody can go that
they don't have to
take time off of their one two or three
jobs to go and I was wondering why
didn't they ever get to this like a
national voting day democracy day but
then you see how they run the primaries
and the willingness of many of the
members to limit how many people get
involved and the commitment to actually
getting people involved in voting it's
incredibly weak and it's obviously
hurting the party in the primaries and
in the general election well again
there's they also don't practice what
they preach in terms of transparency so
we're supposed to be dumb and better
than the Republican Party or the
Democratic Party is but there's a lot of
money in these parties consultant money
where people don't know where it's going
it's not going down to state parties
what we'll touch on later is that the
50-state strategy was employed by Howard
Dean in 2006 and that was pretty very
successful and then the Obama people
kind of came in OFA was run parallel to
the DNC sapped a lot of the resources
from the DNC and made it all about the
presidential election what I hope the
Bernie Sanders wing of the party and of
course the rest of the panel talks about
is how can we make state primaries more
competitive or how can we make state
elections more competitive I know this
is just about primaries by giving more
resources to them beyond the
presidential election because hey while
President Obama was in office we lost so
many seats yeah and that's what's that's
what's terrifying about it yeah and I I
think especially those who were around
for for the howard dean years and the
switch to more of a concern about the
entire country like i don't think that
there is an argument to go away from
that to continue on this whole just
focusing on the presidential thing but
if there was an argument you you better
 win the presidential election if
you can't even do that clearly your
strategy is both philosophically I would
say opposed to some of the values that
go in at the Democratic Party but also
just stupid it doesn't work the you put
you could have gotten so much more bang
for your buck at the state level at the
local level you chose not to do that and
you still lost but but we know that not
everybody lost sure Hillary Clinton lost
the party technically lost but the money
was still spent and the people who got
to spend it still have the nice cars I
mean they may like shed a couple of
Tears because Donald Trump is the
president but they're shutting them
inside of their nice house
that's what the it really all comes down
to is the consultant takeover of the
Democratic Party which is rich
consultants who are invested in keeping
things as they are and getting the money
and getting their payday as they are and
it doesn't really matter if the
Democratic Party doesn't win if
progressive ideas don't win and the
country falls apart but they still get
their short-term payoff and I think
that's really what's underlying in terms
of the tension between the burning wing
the grassroots wing you'll hear them say
grassroots that really means the Bernie
Sanders wing it's kind of synonymous and
the more establishment people in the
party I mean just just looking at their
it's not all bad they're trying to unify
and come together but with more
establishment people being you know
there's three DNC members and nine
Hillary Clinton people versus seven
Bernie Sanders people it's an uphill
battle if I'm being honest with you guys
in terms of overall major reform but
hopefully we'll see engagement from the
audience here today we have some TYT
fans engagement from the general
populace to say hey this isn't right
yeah yeah and so numerically like if you
believe that it's unlikely that much
will come out of this you've got the
numbers to back that up for your fear
has some grounding numerically but maybe
I'm naive still at this advanced stage
but I do think you know there's a
significant number of people on the
Bernie side and then there's got to be a
few people that after the experience of
this last election you've got to
acknowledge the changes need to be made
and a lot of them have been been
corrupted by how long they've been
invested in the system a lot of them are
or know these consultants so some of
them will be unreachable but I mean we
all can look back on this experience and
whether you were on the Bernie side or
the Hillary side that the primary
process sucked the general election
process sucked nobody wants to go
through that again pragmatically they
should know that you had better make
deeper than surface level reforms if you
want to keep your jobs or if you want to
have any chance of actually winning
elections again as we said before and
that's not everybody's prime concern
unfortunately even though it seems like
it should be but I do have hope that
we'll be able to swing them on a couple
of
couple of important things the
super-delegates have just got to go I
think that everybody knows that not
everybody will vote for that but that
that's the area where I hope that
there's big reform and openness of
primaries as well ya know I mean super
delegates are undemocratic that's just
the way of the world and I know why they
were put in place when they initially
were historically but now we have the
public transparency in the internet to
allow for an engaged populace that can
pick someone hopefully who isn't crazy
and who actually can represent them I
was hoping that we would be able to
start on time but apparently we're just
still waiting on them apparently they're
having a heated debate behind the scenes
that we're not knowing about but yeah
and so that that's one of the thing this
whole process is the opposite of
transparent I mean that's one of the
reasons we're doing this live streaming
even though it's super inside baseball
if you want to take a short nap in the
middle I won't I won't be mad at you for
that but it's important that people have
access to this if they want it but
they're still even outside of this thing
there's so much that we don't see like
the meeting that's going on right now
they're doing their working groups and
from what we've heard from the inside
that's where a lot of the actual work is
going to get done we're not allowed to
film that we don't necessarily know
what's coming out of that I don't I
don't see any written documentation
coming out of it and people need to know
what is go like the entire process has
to be followed we can't simply start
paying attention in the end of December
early January when actual votes are
happening then it might be too late to
actually put pressure on people we need
to know where people stand on the issues
month by month so we can exert pressure
make sure that they know what the stakes
are what the consequences are if they
refuse to support some of the extremely
popular reforms that we've been
discussing and also I want to say that
you may hear this argument on Twitter
and maybe hear even an identity politics
argument that's saying that the Bernie
wing of the party doesn't want to
support a young black Latino or women
voters and faction of the party and I
think that's a particularly insidious
kind of way to go about criticisms of
the leftist the populist wing of the
party because it's co-opted racism which
is a real problem in this country sexism
real problem in this country to deflect
from substantive
systemic reform and and that's from what
I've heard on the inside that is an
argument that has been made and that may
continue to be made and I find that
frustrating because it deflects from
real discussions about racism and and
problems systemically in addition to
what's going on the Democratic Party
yeah and I mean especially for those of
you who are who are or were Bernie
Sanders supporters during that all of
you've gotten you know you've seen the
tweets you've seen the articles about
regard you may think that you're a woman
you may think that you're non-white but
you're not you're a Bernie bro you're a
white male dammit I don't care what you
think you've been your whole life that's
the experience and I actually am so I
guess they're right in my case but
you're not quite so everybody's
experienced that not quite
everybody's experienced that obviously
but if you actually like the data is out
there go look at the demographics of who
supported Bernie Sanders and who
supported Hillary Clinton and especially
amongst 18 to 35 year olds they could
not be more wrong about the diversity of
that group gender wise racially all of
that so this narrative meant it was such
a successful narrative that continues to
this day including maybe at some point
we'll talk about that that press release
that came out of the women's convention
they just they just keep on with that
argument that Bernie Sanders has a very
particular type of supporter and that's
true but it's not white males its
progressives it's young people it's a
lot of things and they can't they make
that argument based on his lack of
support in the South by you know by
African American men and women
especially women that that but that's
really based on the party politics of
the south I don't think it has much to
do with him being a racist actually has
nothing that she wasn't being a racist
but that's an argument that they
continue to make we're seeing people
shuffling right now so I think we might
back out right now we're probably going
to go hang tight see someone who's
working in front of the camera so we
bugged a couple of areas of the table
hopefully we'll pick up some of their
private conversations I'm joking away
unfortunate don't have that but we are
gonna be live-streaming this stay
engaged is extremely important even if
it's a little bit dry at times and
hopefully there will be a few fireworks
we're hoping anyway and we did just see
no michi cons do you guys know who that
is and very own that Nina Turner walk in
so
- pretty legendary people I must say so
if I say so myself but yeah we're live
so we're gonna sign off enjoy guys
stay tuned and thanks for watching
you
good afternoon everyone I'm sorry that
we are starting a little bit late but
thank you all for being here I am
general malli Dillon and I serve as the
chair of the Unity Reform Commission and
I'm joined by my great friend and vice
chair Larry Cohen and I hereby call the
this meeting of the Unity Reform
Commission to order before we get
started I'd like to ask you all to join
me in a moment of silence to honor those
victims that have been involved in the
recent tragic events here in in the city
of Las Vegas our thoughts and prayers
are with their families the city and and
the first responders and all that are
working through what's happened here and
we're certainly you know proud to be in
such a great city for our meeting today
I'd like to now ask the members and all
of you to join us before the Pledge of
Allegiance
thank you I am now going to ask Patrice
Taylor to call the roll
thank you madam chair ms o'malley Dillon
present mr. :
yes mr. Baker miss Bower mr. Behrman
miss Flores congresswoman fudge
miss Harris mr. Winn
miss kaemark MS Club miss Coates miss
Lewis mr. Newport mr. neary mr.
Roosevelt here Ms Ruiz
miss Turner mr. Weaver mr. Webb and mr.
zombie madam chair you have a quorum
great things Patrice and thank you all
for being here I want to just make a
special note about mayor Newport who was
not able to join us here today he's in
California and obviously like so many
others affected by the fires and so we
sent him our good wishes but appreciate
having so many of our commission members
here so let us get started again sorry
that we are starting a bit late today
but we are so excited to see all of you
in the room we are on our fourth meeting
of the unity reform commission that has
taken us all across the country and it
has been wonderful at each place to see
so much involvement from local the local
community where we're having the meeting
certainly this is a special meeting for
us and that it takes place alongside
other meetings of the National Party on
the state party chairs and so we'd like
to welcome all the DNC members state
party folks all the local Las Vegas
state party folks that are here with us
today and especially activists and
grassroots members of our community that
are here to listen and be part of all
this we are
here all of us coming from different
places but here because we believe in
this party we believe in all of you and
the importance of your role and the
grassroots role within our party and and
so it's it's wonderful to have so many
people here joining us today so as I
mentioned this is our fourth meeting we
have had a series of really important
discussions over the past year that have
involved experts that have evolved
discussions that allow us to better
understand what's currently happening
whether it's you know talking about
what's going on in local states to
what's happening at the national party
and we are in the latter stages of what
this Commission's being asked to do so
this meeting is an important one for us
and we are spending a lot of time you
know really trying to hone in on the key
elements of the mandate that this
commission has I've been working
together I think you know we've we spent
some time this morning I think something
that you know really is critical for all
of our work is this is about unity and
reform and I think that every single
member of this commission takes that
very seriously and has done so
throughout the year but also we all know
how important it is to ensure that our
work has real impact on how we move
forward as a party it doesn't take but
five minutes probably not even five
minutes to watch the news or go on your
social media to see what's happening in
this country and to know how many of the
things that we as a party the values we
share are at stake and and that we have
a lot of work to do ahead of us and so
we are going to be and continue to be
very focused and diligent on our work so
that we can get down the business of
sharing the values of our party making
sure the progressive movement in this
country feels part of and driving who we
are as a party and that we are winning
elections because we can't afford not to
so I look forward to talking more we'll
get into the details of today and talk a
little bit further but first I'd like to
hand over the mic to Larry Cohen who is
you know obviously a great leader of all
the things that we believe as a
progressive movement but also as part of
this commission
thanks Jen great working with you and
everyone here for the last six months we
have less than two months to go whoo
I always do self cheerleading but for
those who are here as you'll see the
second part of this open meeting today
you'll get a sense of where we've been
and the four main areas that we're going
in and all I would say is that as Jen
Jess said said it perfectly this is
about out of reform comes unity and both
words with a balance here recognizing
that in some of the worst of times
politically in this country we also get
some of the best of opportunities and
many members of this commission earlier
today have mentioned several of them so
out of these worst of times comes the
uprising that can lead to some of the
best opportunities and you know our
hopes collectively here are that we end
up in December with very concrete things
that'll go to the DNC for a vote but
also with a different kind of process
about how as Jen just said we involve
millions of more people and consistently
new people so with that I'll turn it
back to Jen and we'll get into it
great thanks Larry so today we have a
great agenda which is a combination of
an expert speaker as well as the
opportunity to hear from members of the
Commission let me just take a step back
and just go through a couple of the
highlights of how we think about the
work we you know have been mandated by
the most senior body of the Democratic
Party which is a national convention to
take up as part of this commission for
specific areas larious coin them as our
four buckets so we you will probably
hear us talking about buckets a lot but
those four specific areas that we've
been focused on are around primaries
caucuses unpledged delegates and party
reform and you'll see in this afternoon
how we structure our discussion you know
within that area there's there's broad
elements
we need to cover there's also very
specific things that our mandate asks us
to look up and to focus on and so we're
pretty mindful of what the the
convention body has tasked us to do but
also have really spent a lot of time
covering these issues very broadly but
also going pretty deep in them as well
we are gonna use today to really go a
little bit further in in one particular
area that we've been talking a lot about
and that's going to be the first session
that we have today we'll hear from
someone from the New York Board of
Elections which will help talk through
the process they have in New York state
clearly an area that has been discussed
at length and just allow us to better
understand the process what
opportunities there are and and plans
for adjustments there and allow the
Commission to ask questions we're then
going to move into a period of time
where different members of the
Commission who've been leading up
specific subsections of of work based on
those four topics I just went through
are gonna go through some of the key
areas that we've been focused on in our
deliberations while we've only had four
meetings we have been doing a lot of
work in this commission does a lot of
work in between each of these meetings
to keep moving the discussion forward
and part of what we want to make sure is
that we are able to be as transparent as
possible about the conversations and
deliberations that we're having and so
the second part of this of this meeting
will really just give everyone that's
here a perspective on how we've been
thinking about it but allow additional
robust discussion to take place across
the the Commission as we work to come up
with areas of recommendations and areas
of greater discussion I also want to
highlight a few additional things that I
want to make sure everyone's aware of we
will after this meeting concludes have
all the Commission members stay around
for about 30 minutes or so here in this
room to have conversations with anyone
that wants to talk to them about what
you've heard today about the ideas you
might have so please feel free to stick
around and make sure to take us up on
that
in addition on Friday at the exhibit
hall the unity Commission will have a
table that will be manned throughout the
day manned by commission members and
Larry is going to be the champion and
he's going for the full day coverage of
the table because he loves talking about
this stuff so much but that's another
opportunity for those of you that are
around whether you're DNC members or
you're part of the community and you're
just interested in talking further to
talk again with the commission members
there we'll have some paper on the table
that you can fill out some of your
thoughts and and your contact
information to follow up there so please
feel free to check that out on Friday
the final thing that I'd like to
highlight is that we do have a website
of the Unity Commission and I'm gonna
ask for trees to tell us what the URL is
if you go to our home page
Democrats org there is a tile there that
says Unity Reform Commission you could
click on the tile and it will take you
to our page which has information about
the Commission the Commission is mandate
and also the youtube links to all of the
past meetings as well as the link to our
survey which we encourage you to fill
out right so on that we have a survey
and we also have you know sort of an
open box where people can give their
thoughts so we encourage all of you if
you have not been there before please do
go certainly if you've been here today
and you have thoughts based on the
conversations that we're having that you
want to make sure is shared please fill
that in and know that we take all that
information in we're cataloging it and
we're going through it and that feedback
will be part of our process as we go
through our next meeting and then into
the final report that we have um so with
that I want to just double check on the
logistics that we're ready to go and we
can get started with our new panel and
our first discussion actually today all
right so that's on me to kick off so we
are gonna have our look at this
technology at its best love to see that
work so we are really thankful that we
have our first presenter who is joining
us via
Skype today from New York we are going
to use this first session to have a
deeper dive on party registration and
affiliation and that process that takes
place within New York State specifically
so joining us by Skype to walk us
through how this all works and in New
York and it seems like in a lovely
library situation it's robert bream who
is the co-executive director of the New
York Board of Elections he has a very
very hectic and busy schedule this week
in particular and so we're very thankful
that he's been willing to take the time
to join us we are gonna ask him to give
remarks and then we will have a Q&A
session from the Commission after that
we might have to do some negotiating in
terms of making sure he can hear our
remarks so we'll work through that when
we get to that point but we really thank
you for joining us and we're excited to
hear from you so I will hand that the
floor over to you it's pleasure to join
with you I you can see me that I can't
see you but we can certainly hear you
very well can you hear me well yes you
know we've discussed phone calls you
know generally New York as how we
approach primary elections we are a
closed largely a closed primary state
except we have a new reform party headed
up by Curtis sliwa for those of you who
are familiar with him
and their party rules allow non enrolled
members non enrolled in a political
party to vote in their primary elections
for public office the presidential
primaries are they are only in New York
going to parties that engage in a
primary are the Democrats and
Republicans both of those have been
closed primaries and and New York
certainly has one of the earliest
deadlines
to change an enrollment we have a
requirement in New York state statute
that a person who wishes to from
whatever their registered as a blank or
a party to switch to something else that
application has to be received 25 days
before the November general election and
it goes into effect on the Tuesday after
so an example last Friday October 13 was
the 25 day deadline to change your party
I will become effective on November 14th
and and really will impact any election
in 2018 so clearly that was an issue for
people in New York State for the
presidential primary there were a number
of persons who thought they were
enrolled in the party who really weren't
and were frustrated by their inability
to change parties there were activist
who told people to do it anyway which
created litigation through election day
so it clearly trying to get accurate
information out to people helps so that
the for those people who want to
participate they know the deadlines I
know part of your work is is to make
recommendations in New York State there
are bills in the legislature that would
love to reform that deadline they've
been in the in the consideration for a
number of years none of them have
succeeded in and really moving so it so
that you know clearly is something that
perhaps a conversation there might be
receptive people to that approach but
but we have a long history in New York
of associational rights of parties we
certainly have
regions of the state that are
overwhelmingly one party so there are
concerns of so-called party rating where
persons will enroll in a party simply to
take over a line or an endorsement most
recently in Westchester County we had a
large number of individuals coordinating
to register in the Independence Party
solely to effect a party endorsement
you know for a candidate for elected
office the party leaders went to court
and the judge ordered it was the largest
number and it wasn't that many years ago
the disenrollment of four thousand party
members because they felt it was being
done as a party rating issue so it's a
concern for us when you open up
primaries and we had eight political
parties in New York the two with the
least enrollment of the women's equality
party and the Reform Party which
statewide have probably less than three
thousand enrolled members so it's very
easy to take them over through a party
rating if they open themselves up but
the Reform Party did that on their own
we have the Independence Party allows
non enrolled members to vote in certain
primaries for statewide office and
that's been on the books for a number of
years but it's never happened yet we
have not had a contested primary we're
not enrolled
persons have done that and one other I
think antidote we saw as a follow-up to
the presidential primary people who
thought they were Democrats and we have
a similar issue with the Republicans
because it was you know normally by the
time you get to New York we don't have a
contested Republican issue either there
are a lot of people conservatives who
tried to vote in the Republican primary
non enrolled members or working family
party people try to vote in the Democrat
primary and then this fall at the
primary a lot
we had the same complaints from people
wait a minute I was a working family I
thought it was conservative but the
affidavit failsafe ballot that they
voted at the presidential primary cause
their moment to switch to what they
claimed in that affidavit so you know
it's a you know it's it's different when
you come into New York from other states
in that primary system where the
activists for the candidates you know
are catching up to the rules of the
state they're coming to so we had a lot
of that leading up to New York by the
time they came to us they were they were
you know encouraging their their
followers to - you know who wanted to
participate certainly but our rules just
didn't allow that to happen and their
names weren't in the book so it was a it
was a bit of a frustrating level we had
a few more affidavit ballots we we did
not have a lot more court orders in that
presidential primary and we tried to
look at what was the pattern and I think
the court orders are a good example
because as an immediate in instance in
New York State where a voter can go
before the judge pro se they don't need
a lawyer they don't need they waive the
court fees and they can tell their play
to a judge who will either order them to
vote on the machine or not to vote at
all
you know they refuse to give the order
we did not have a large jump in the
presidential primary for the court
orders that were issued we had a we had
a large slight increase in the affidavit
ballots because it was a competitive it
was a hotly contested Democrat it was a
hotly contested Republican primary by
the time they're in New York which was a
little different for us but we did not
see a larger percentage of the
affidavits of being valid because when
we did the research we there was no
record that the person had incorrectly
been omitted from the poll book so you
know you know there are always
lessons learned it was it was a
harrowing experience I think for us in
the county courts because there was such
a large number of people contacting us
leading up to that presidential primary
so certainly anything we can do to
improve for the next time would be
helpful to all of us you know the voters
the administrators combined to have all
questions thank you
yes we look forward to oh you
disappeared there you are okay great so
yeah as you know New York is of a lot of
interest not only because of its size
you have fusion voting where candidate
can be on more than one of these eight
parties ballots which is almost unique
and you touched on a concern we have so
October 13th last Friday was that party
registration deadline for those who are
independent for example if they want to
vote in a primary that's September 11th
of 2018 second Tuesday of twenty of
second Tuesday of September in 2018 so I
think you're going to hear some
conversation about that because just as
fusion voting in New York is pretty much
unique with the parties with candidate
can be on more than one party obviously
you're quite aware as an expert that
that kind of 11 months in advance
you know closure if we're going to use
that word for for example independence
joining the party is also unique in our
country so again we have like huge
respect for you don't don't take any of
this like you know we're on you know
it's great presentation but there's a
lot of concern here about you know how
does our party grow how do we welcome
independence it's the number one non
registered voters or the largest bloc in
the country and how do we grow the party
and so there's a lot of concern about
that so we we are separate
here this 21 of us not separated but
divided into four subgroups and as Jen
said earlier one of them is primaries
and that we call it convenors we have
two conveners of each of the four
buckets and so I'm going to start this
off with those two conveners Jeff Weaver
and Charlie Baker in terms of their
comments and I'm glad you'll be able to
stick with us I'm sure there'll be
comments there'll be questions and we
can go after Jeff and Charlie I open it
up to anyone on the Commission just
stick up your hand I'll write it on a
list and call on you in order so Jeff
Charlie who wants to start they're
pointing at each other here if you can't
hear us please just raise your hand mr.
breem and we will repeat the questions
okay so it's Charlie Baker so could you
just sort of walk through the difference
between the date understanding there are
all these parties which frankly is quite
confusing to me but but the date what is
the date if you are a member of a
working families part of your unenrolled
you would have to switch your party
registration to participate in a
presidential primary in New York State
versus the date that if you we're not
registered to vote at all you could go
register okay good I'll start with if
you're not registered at all the
deadline is you had to have residency in
the political subdivision 30 days before
the election and it gives you up till 25
days before the election to submit an
application if the application is
submitted in person its 25 day deadline
if it's postmarked 25 days we allow up
to 20 days to receive the mail and still
be timely if you are a new citizen after
that deadline and there's always a
naturalization ceremony almost right up
to the deadline you have to that 10 day
before the Alive
you have to appear an aborted person so
that's how a person who's not registered
at all if you are registered at all
doesn't matter if you are not affiliated
or affiliated that deadline is 25 days
b4 so the example in 2020 it would be 25
days before the 2019 general election
for that application to change your
party is submitted and then it would be
out of that date but theoretically the
first you know whatever let's say it's
the 7th of November and then it would be
the 14th of November it would become
effective so you know depending on when
the primary and where you'd be eligible
to sign a petition to be a delegate to
the convention and it depends on what
when New York fits into that queue
we'vewe've
when they've been early petition
signature has started right around then
when it's later it's a little bit later
so theoretically they'd be able to
enroll in time to sign a petition to
qualify a candidate to be a delegate to
the convention so it is very early
certainly one other item that I think I
forgot to mention is New York has still
not adopted a uniform primary date that
is compliant with the federal move Act
the military overseas voter empowerment
act so we have a court ordered extra
primary for federal offices in June so
our ballot access in an even year starts
around early February for that federal
primary and then we have state local in
September
yeah hi this is Jeff Weaver I just
wanted to ask about a couple of points
you made you first of all you said that
the Reform Party has what I would call a
semi-open or some enclosed primary as
opposed to a closed primary in New York
correct so is it the case that parties
themselves determine whether they are
open or closed as opposed to it being
set by statute well the statute is a
closed primary but the court
interpretation that the statute cannot
it cannot over not impose that rule on
the parties so certainly a party rule
that will allow some other group of
others to vote in that primary has been
the case and and we have a state
independence party in their rule it's
for governor controller Attorney General
United States Senator any of those are
contested non enrolled members could
also vote in those primaries and it's
been on the books for fifteen years but
it has never happened last year there is
a fight in court mr. Hooper's who are
the officers of the Reform Party but
currently it's Curtis sliwa and their
rules that they filed with us allow for
party off for public office any any
reform voter and any non and will voter
to vote in their primary so that
occurred in jurisdictions across the
state including New York City this past
September so that's just to clarify so
in the terms of a presidential primary
in New York the state Democratic Party
by some rulemaking could open up the
primary to non-enrolled voters or non
party enrolled voters without any action
by the state government is that right
well each every four years the state
legislature adopts rules for running the
presidential primary
but they're largely dependent on the
plan that you adopt at the Democratic
National Committee and the Republican
National Committee so certainly it's
probably possible so so the state so I
just we could have so the state party
without any action where the legislature
could open up its presidential primary
to quote-unquote independent voters yes
I believe so and I just wanted to bounce
off one other thing that you said you
mentioned this party rating concern
which we hear about in some places I
happen to have lived most of my life in
two states that have no party
registration at all and have never seen
an effective party rating exercise occur
despite all of the concern about it but
you mentioned in your example that was
with the Reform Party which you said had
a few hundred members or a few thousand
members is there any evidence of a
successful raid on the Democratic Party
at some kind of statewide race on
Democratic Party in New York the raid
most recently the raids that have
happened it wasn't the report that one
it was in Westchester County was the
Independence Party and in other cases
it's mostly been like a Conservative
Party it's usually the smaller parties
where it's possible I have not I have
not seen party rating per se in a major
party but I mean if you look in upstate
New York in the world air is there more
say Republican with fewer numbers of
Democrats so you know depending on what
you're talking about
opening up the primary you you know and
in New York City it's the opposite
largely Democrat with fewer even
Republicans or non line voters so you if
you open it up you really could have a
large number of people come in and vote
and and the candidate is somebody who
does not have
leanings of the party but you know
you've not thing that happened issues
you have no evidence of that happening I
mean that's correct I mean you're so the
only evidence we have is people
following the rules registering early
and in that was a couple of court cases
that you know there was a proceeding and
there was a finding and they were
disenrolled but that is certainly not
often but it has happened
thank you thank you appreciate time
just for the public state your name too
we're just working on a mic issue one
second hi my name is Jeff Berman how are
you so I had a quick question it's kind
of related but is there any reason there
could not be a shorter period of time
for re registration for the presidential
primary as opposed to the state level
elections and primaries the difficulty
is the overlap with the presidential
primary registration deadline and since
we have age the fourth to the fourth
Tuesday in June is the federal primary
so we are simultaneously qualifying
candidates for the congressional prime
news United States Senate primaries that
you know so I think that would be the
concern if we leads it's how can you
have two different deadlines certainly
the public policy question of does New
York need a deadline that early is one
that a number of people have already
been working on in New York it has not
resulted in success yet
last year the attorney or the extremely
this year our state attorney general put
in a reform bill that included a change
to the deadline
it was a very complicated bill it leases
a response to the issue you mentioned
that the courts allow the state party I
guess through its free association
rights to determine the eligibility of
the voters for their primaries yeah
regardless of what the state statute
says right correct yeah could they also
request a shorter period for
re-registration based on the same rights
oh it has been challenged in court and
it did not succeed so I don't know since
it's we've already had that challenge I
don't know how I I can't necessarily see
a successful litigation on that point I
think it's a policy question what do you
say was already challenged that specific
question yes we've had litigation and we
had litigation and the presidential
primary where persons went into court on
Election Day to try and get that rule
unconstitutional but it had already been
decided by the court so it was not a new
question and then there's no new fact
there so I don't know that it's a it's a
I don't know that the success would be
to challenge that provision I think a
better success would probably be if you
can convince the New York state to move
the date yeah you know the only other
thing I'll mention I think we've talked
about this in the past and the
Commission is we we do have a blanket
rule that all steps in the delegate
selection process must occur in the
calendar year of the election
I guess it's arguable whether this would
be one of those steps
um yeah I think but I'm not sure that's
a delicate selection that's a primary
and I'm not sure voter registration is
included in your rule and that's where I
in yours international policy the
candidate need only claim to support the
principles of the party and that's why
when mr. Sanders oh the issue of whether
or not we require something more from
him in the last cycle we interpreted
that it was only the National chair and
this one item and that says the National
Party I think included him in all the
debates and Andy offices in the United
States Senate that we were not like that
in New York aspirant be more mr. Sanders
my national chair totes he was not like
the candidate so we don't have approach
they are they need your principles of
miscue the National Party tell us
otherwise
okay I've five there's five people in
line here in the queue who are hey know
me
Emme d'Alene and Jim poor Hayes out so
we go to know me these are new
microphones um
Thank You mr. Bremen I'm from New York I
grew up in Buffalo live in Queens really
frustrated with our election process and
I'm gonna ask some questions that might
be a little bit in the weeds in New York
and may not be indicative of the rest of
the country but I think could possibly
address some of these issues hopefully
um
so you mentioned this New York votes act
that that Attorney General Schneiderman
put forward this this is an assembly
it's not able to get to this
you have a democratically elected Senate
this is a democratic state so I think
from my perspective I'm I'm curious if
it's not getting these reforms that most
Democrats because we're here
representing the DNC if most Democrats
believe in these reforms in the state
then why is it not getting passed in the
Senate and number two if it's not
getting passed in the Senate and the
party is able to change the rules itself
why doesn't the party just change the
rules itself well I think those are two
issues I don't speak for either group
but the the first issue is the party can
change the rule to allow non-affiliated
to to what I suppose you'd allow a
working family I suppose that affiliated
to vote in their primary if they wanted
to but to change the deadline to have
the name appear so a voter who wants to
say I am I want to join the Democratic
Party in order to vote in their primary
certainly if they had a different
deadline for that that would require
statutory change you know administrative
leave we don't have the authority to
recognize that so there's two questions
with a party want to change their rule
to allow people to vote in primary who
aren't an enrolled Democrat that
certainly is a is a question for them
the legislature you know the depth to
move that enrollment deadline has been
championed by numbers of different
people we have elected a state Senate I
believe mathematically with more
Democrats than Republicans but a group
of the senators who ran on the Democrat
I caucus with the Republicans so that
makes it a little bit difficult
certainly where there is enough interest
the legislature and the governor have
as complicated bill so it all depends on
where there's a will there's a way
can I just ask one more question um in
terms of the Democratic Party in New
York State I don't know if this is
opinion or just a fact that who controls
the party who is the leader of the
Democratic Party well the state chair is
Byron brown the now your former hometown
in Buffalo and the vice the co-chair is
the former city council president in New
York City and the members of the state
committee are the individual people one
male and female in each Assembly
District in the state of New York are
members of the street committee so to
change rule would have to go through a
process of voting or with the governor
have some sort of say in this matter
meaning Governor Cuomo well certainly
when you have an elected leader in the
office of the governor it is a it is a
figurehead leader of the state
democratic committee
you know dazzle is our executive
director and we know that you have
members from the from New York on your
National Committee so certainly they all
are influential in the work of the state
committee at being the former county
chairman and one of my hats I wore I
also was a member in the state committee
but not anymore not since I came here
thank you Amy
hi there I don't want to speak for all
of my colleagues but I think that there
is a sentiment that there is just too
far of a timeline between election day
and when somebody needs to change their
registration absent a reform which
sounds like it's very complicated and we
should continue to work towards that
what are some of the things that your
office does to make sure that we're
getting the word out to every voter that
if they want to switch parties now is
the time we do so and or what do you see
as maybe some short-term fixes
the absence of the ability to change
this those are good questions I think it
is so difficult in this day of
communication yeah you know what do we
do we issue press statements media
alerts leading up to that deadline so
the State Board did it the governor's
office did it we tried to reach out to
people and and tell them that they can
you know if you want to roll on a party
next year
there are many advocates who are you
know might be interested in next year's
primary cycle who will also encourage
people to change their enrollment the
hard part is we live this business in an
administrative level every day but how
do you reach how do you reach this thing
I'll have a household who has kids in
school and got a you know homework and
meet with their teachers etc and get
through to them you know it's it's so
much harder because when they you know
and there's probably no doubt that
anybody on this call or in the room with
you today
is has a plan to vote on Election Day
but they have not developed it's not
it's not their crisis today so by the
time you know they realize it's Election
Day oh I got to go go it's already too
late if they move too late if you know
if it's the business my personal use
since you asked I believe we should have
Universal registration I think we spend
way too much time energy and money
qualifying you by a particular deadline
we are at Universal registration that
you are qualified to vote and then by
the time that comes to election day it's
the manner in which you vote you vote on
a piece of paper in so called failsafe
paladin or do you vote on a machine
that's the only question that's left so
that I can get you in the right counting
order later I think that would do
tremendous benefit for election
administration resources to stop you
know trying to find you if you were
universally meet the qualifications
then then you should be entitled oh so
you're a wildly popular in this room I
don't know about in the governor's
office but you're doing well here we'll
hire you anyway Elaine Elaine K mark hi
thank you for taking the time to join us
today could you clarify something about
the court case you just mentioned okay
my understanding is that the
preponderance of cases at least coming
from the Supreme Court basically say
that under a party's First Amendment
rights it can make the rules for its own
nomination process there are a couple
exceptions but it's basically there so
did your court the court case you
referred to did that reinforce that or
go against that party and it allows the
a state party or in the case of a county
party because we have County if it's
authorized at the state level that a
county can also do it so a county could
also vote for offices within that County
nominations to allow non-enrolled okay
so the Reform Party what's being
litigated right now and it's in the
third Department in Albany is only
whether or not the leadership of the
Reform Party or the correct persons and
if they go the rule they follow file
goes with them and then the old and I
guess it would that should be litigated
was whether or not the previous
leadership whether or not it is
authorized or whether that party just is
a longer a temporary leadership oh so
it's so I think in the Independence
Party is clearly been litigated for this
in the Reform Party it's just whether or
not the right person writing the party
okay so let me ask you a hypothetical if
in 2019 the Democratic Party of New York
State drew up a delegate selection plan
which said unaffiliated voters or voters
in other parties perhaps with the
exception of the Republican Party are
allowed to but we we allow them to vote
in the Democratic primary in 2020 with
that need to go through the legislature
well if you would back up and add one
more word for present for delegate to
the National Convention it probably
would go because we it would not have to
go for that fact but every four years
our legislature adopts the presidential
plan so what's in your plan and if the
state were to adopt it in its plan it to
be honest I think that was the deadline
for this state Democratic committees
plan to be filed with yes it'll it'll be
it'll come before the rules and bylaws
committee in Jim early 2019 right I mean
will 19 yeah
there'll be then the full DNC later in
the year yeah so too early 2019 the DNC
will say the deal from from my memory we
do an awful lot of work I do an awful
lot of work to help our party get your
rule correctly so that document also one
of the last bills that we push through
the legislature every four years that
June is the presidential election bill
so by the time they finish filling out
their plan to file with you
and then like the equivalent there's the
Republican Party we have a we have a
bill that we pass it has party in a Part
B Part A is the Democrats party of the
Republicans there's a Part C for any
other party that wants to adopt this
plan to elect delegates to a convention
no other party does so so I when you say
it doesn't have to with an electric
legislature I agree with that but it
does anyway and there's probably likely
what they would just adopt it okay one
final question in your experience was
there ever a time where the Democratic
state committee or the Republican state
committee submitted a plan and then the
legislature changed the plan before
enactment you know I can't speak only
been in this role for 11 years or
actually at the State Board for 11 years
in this role for less than that so I
can't speak forever but but largely
there's been a lot of discussions we
don't adopt this usually without input
from the National Committee at that time
so so I can't say that we wouldn't have
a discussion
- maybe amend a plan or amend something
but I don't think anybody's ever
rejected great thank you very much Jim
the mouth oh I thought someone was
making it that's not really making a
slur this is for Jeff Berman you you
raise the issue out in the calendar I'm
sorry it's just happened the everybody
the you mentioned about the calendar
year the rules
is it the calendar year or is it the
year of is it a kind of fiscal year
because the reason I ask is because I
know in some states you have to file for
delegate if you want to run for a
delegate in the year preceding and that
becomes quite onerous because you don't
sometimes know where the candidates are
and have we ever do we know here
disqualify the state for having rules
that violated that that mandate yeah
first of all I don't think it's a fiscal
year it is it would be in 2016 it's the
year of the presidential election so for
2020 it would be every step has to occur
in advance of the November general
election within the calendar year of
2020 so January 1 of 2020 is the first
state you could have any step in the
delegate selection process so I'm not
mistaken in Illinois and and her--he you
may know this in Illinois you have to
file long in advance of that if you want
to run for delegate well alright so
usually this question comes up in the
case of filings for the presidential
candidate or whoever and the state party
would come in and request a waiver from
this requirement and they would have a
reason
they'd have to explain why they couldn't
do it during the calendar year so the
question is whether a voter registration
requirement would be of the same type
that would have to be in the calendar
year or you would need to request a
waiver okay it's just the issue of
filing for delegate though is
fundamentally different than registering
well I mean yeah it's how you define the
delegate selection process does it
include the voter's eligibility to vote
in the primary in New York
our statute places the federal primary
in February unless amended by the
legislature it's almost always amended
by the legislature and when would you
file to run for delegate in New York we
as far as I've been here
the first day to file the petitions has
been in the county
after January 1 but to sign the
petitions has been before that so
usually we have the you know the
candidate the delegates pledged the
pledges that they have to file for with
the party that they're pledged to
support a candidate or not or I guess I
guess they have to be functional support
given all of those filings are in after
January 1 but you know the parties have
to tell us by November 1st and a letter
if they're going to utilize Part A or
Part B so we can start the planning and
it all depends for us are we at the
earlier part of the cycle or the later
part of the cycle they get to where we
fit into that queue because we have a
federal court order for a June primary
when you had an earlier date of a
national convention there's no ability
to say have an economy of scale to put
it on that same federal primary day
because it's it's too late for your
rules when you know the last cycle you
know because your deadlines that all
decisions had to have been made and time
to prepare for the National Convention
was too late for us so we could not even
try to put them together you know
because of that but when you were later
in September than the nightmare is how
do we get candidates figured out in
order to make
Alan to get amount by 45 days before so
it's it's it's a do-or-die situation for
us you know either
either too early too late you know we
live with it but it's it's always a
challenge when we you know we have a we
have a presidential we have the federal
primary in June we have other local
primaries in both our to be local
elections in March and June and then we
have the state primary in September so
certainly if New York would make a
political calendar that at a uniform
election date that would help us all to
administer these things but I promoted
that since 2010 and we don't have one
yet keep working at it
okay I'm Jeff and then we'll come back
to Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff I just
Jeff Weaver again so so I think between
my conversation with you and Elaine's
conversation with you we have determined
that the state Democratic Party could
allow not enrolled folks to participate
in the Democratic primary process
notwithstanding any statutory change the
question of my colleague mr. Behrman
asked though was about this issue of the
early enrollment that a party changed
deadlines and you'd indicated that there
had been a court case by some Sanders
supporters to try to challenge the
constitutionality of that super early
deadline for changing party affiliation
I think the question though really is
what if the state party was the party
contesting that deadline as opposed to
individual voters is a different set of
First Amendment rights that issue if it
is the state party which is contesting
this super early deadline as opposed to
voters right because there's a different
set of constitutional rights at issue I
would hope they would bring that earlier
as opposed to later so we have plenty of
time to prepare for
my only concern is is the clarity and
since we're dealing with this for the
first time with the Reform Party is we
have military members or overseas voters
firmly disabled voters who once they
register their application is good in
the case of permanently disabled until
their situation changes meaning they
file some other paper with us once they
register they get all the balance
they're entitled to until they tell us
they don't want them anymore
so if I have a number of people and now
if I had an independence primary and a
Reform Party and the Democrat Party on
the same day with the same rule and I
know a number of states have a you just
the voter self declares this is what I
want to vote today that's easy when
you're in front of me in person I don't
know how I would coordinate in New York
with our short calendars by the time I
know there's a primary to get a self
declaration because we have 40,000
military and overseas voters we have you
know tens of thousands of fairly
remotely disabled how do I tell them
there's a primary going on so I look at
the logistical issue I just mail
everybody everything and they can call
me back whatever they want I think the
party should probably tell me I don't
care if they voted in the other party
primary a lot about mine also I don't
know the answer to that you know there's
a concept they only get to vote in one
party primary or can they vote which
airs they're only picking a nominee in
the general election and that's a policy
question I I struggle myself with what's
the right answer
right well thank you very much I do
recall as a young man going into the
primary ballot box with three primary
ballots perforated ballots ripping one
off voting it and put any other two in
the discard pile so this you know there
are states that have sort of dealt with
this issue Anna
I agree with you my brother is from the
great state of Vermont and he tells me
they get my folder with all these
ballots in there you pick the one you
want you vote that winning you leave the
rest on the tray on the way out and I
say that to people in New York and they
think I'm crazy so so you know we have a
lot more moving parts than Vermont but
there were Vermont says about you oh I
know I can say the people Maine figured
this out Vermont figured this out Rhode
Island figured this out why can't we
figure this out
my Virginia another one okay who has a
lot of military members obviously in the
state of the Commonwealth of Union sorry
apologies thank you very much thank you
Jeff yeah I just wanted to go back and
just touch back on this rule which says
that all steps in the delegate selection
process must take place within the
calendar year of the convention and I do
see that within our rules we have an
entire rule on participation by voters
and so there's a whole discussion of how
people can participate should
participate what steps state parties
have to take or should take with respect
to participation which you know may make
it seem like this is part of the process
since it is in the delegate selection
rules also note there is actually a rule
that says state parties shall take all
feasible feasible steps to encourage
non-affiliated in new voters to register
or enroll to provide simple procedures
through which they may do so and to
eliminate excessively long waiting
periods for voters wishing to register
or change their party enrollment status
so we've actually kind of touched on
this in the rules in terms of state
parties taking steps this may be a
little different or maybe not but sort
of shows worse than the policies
thanks Jeff anyone else just a couple of
last questions roughly how many
so-called independent you know non party
registered voters are there in New York
State not the enrollment but it's on our
website we have about 12 million voters
I don't have the breakdown in my head I
should but certainly if you want the
data it's on the www.miamikettlebell.com
federal primary and if you touched on
this but when was the last time there is
an effort to change the statute meaning
to sort of bring it into line with what
we might find elsewhere maybe not for a
month that high a level but that's sort
of a moderate level when was the last
time there was an effort to you know for
example say that the deadline to
register to vote would be the same date
that you could declare your party there
are a number of bells in the assembly I
can't say that there are a lot that
moved through the Senate but certainly a
number were considered by the state
assembly this past session the Attorney
General bill was an omnibus bill
it included a reform to the deadline it
was a very complicated deadline so I
with all due respect to the Attorney
General I think it needs more work is
bill but certainly there what there has
been conversation there discussions as
to what would be the
a deadline although the one that that is
that old okay thank you I'm not seeing
any other comments we're gonna wrap this
session up we want to thank you for
being with us
if you if you wait one second I'll tell
you the last page I'll tell you how many
independent voters know great we were
waiting with bated breath for that
number he's he's in the buttons for me
we have 6.2 million Democrats 2.8
million Republicans and we have 2.6
million non-affiliated and all the rest
are either conservative Green working
family independents women's equality or
reform or other associated groups who
registered as blank but they want us to
keep track of them okay two point eight
six million is the number I was looking
for thank you for grabbing that from us
but more importantly thanks for being
with us today and I behalf everybody
we've learned a lot from your
presentation and keep up the great work
good day okay so the second part of
today is an update public update from
each of the working groups that Jen
outlined earlier and as Jen mentioned
earlier so we're after this meeting will
go from sort of these updates to actual
potential outcomes and those will be
determined by a majority of the
Commission at the final meeting December
8th and 9th in Washington so we'll start
with the again with the primary election
working group and we'll start with the
two convenors and then the other members
of that group and again the purpose of
this is to bring to the public you know
what's been going on in each of these
four areas so I don't know who's first
here we're back
Charlie and Jeff for Jeff and Charlie I
guess I go first again so what one thing
I think there's complete unanimity on in
our subgroup is the idea that we want to
encourage States generally to do
everything they can to encourage
same-day registration automatic
registration any any effort that it
increases participation and makes it
easier for people to participate both in
our processes but in elections generally
as we heard from this discussion in New
York we were confused by the and remain
confused I guess by the the lack of the
very distant deadlines between when you
can register to vote and when you can
switch parties we I there are different
flavors of us on this issue we think
it's fine for a party to require
somebody to say they're a Democrat to
vote in a Democratic primary we think
that that's certainly within the right
of the party to do so but we don't think
that there should be deadlines that make
it very inconvenient for folks to have
to do that in consistent with the
resolution we operate under we're
working on rule on on ways to encourage
States to use to have more primaries
instead of caucuses mindful is one of
our colleagues and another subcommittee
said that there's another working group
working on improving the fairness of the
caucus system and those systems will
have to work together in in some way and
then there's a discussion about just
making sure that the delegate the actual
numbers of delegates assigned to
jurisdictions
that aren't States is rational and is
based on what we understand the Charter
requires so right just a charlie I think
getting capsulate a lot of it and I'm
obviously of the flavor the more people
learn the better and so you know we are
still discussing these issues of open
primaries I think it was a rebel
that a lot of us felt that the New York
rule against independence participating
in the New York primary was a statutory
bar but apparently it's not a statutory
bar at all it's the New York State
Democratic Party that has determined
that so that may be something we should
discuss with the party now that we have
that particular information but I do
think that this issue of conforming
these deadlines for registration and a
party change has to be done and
obviously moving both deadlines as close
to the election as humanly possible you
know when we talk about caucuses versus
primaries one of the benefits i've seen
in many places with caucuses is that you
can walk in that day and sign up and so
it allows us to register a whole lot of
new folks to participate not only the
Democratic Party but in elections in
particular so I think this committee is
moving in the right direction to
sub-committee in trying to get more
people involved in the process to try to
make the rules more streamlined and
loosened up even if there is some
difference in flavors as Charlie would
put it in terms of where we would like
to end up in terms of participation of
independent voters in the process other
members of that group sorry I don't have
actually a list of all four who are in
that group if I decide to Charlie I just
an observation from something that just
said the the staff of the DNC has
actually done some really good work and
giving us an understanding of where
there are closed primaries where there
open primaries where their registration
deadlines and one of the few little
bright lights that came out of that is
it is interesting how many states on
their own or through voter referendum
are moving automatic registration it was
it was interesting to us that it's more
than you would think given the
Republicans efforts to deny people the
right to vote so it just just one thing
to that I think was clarified in this
discussion and I think is important to
understand the Rules Committee
historically in approving delegates
election plans has been pretty lenient
about the question of statute versus
party rule that in other words when
something
is in statute there is a Republican
legislature the party has taken provable
positive steps the Rules Committee has
tended to say okay you're going to get a
waiver on this because we do understand
your hands are sort of tied but clearly
there is a lot that is in the hands of
individual state parties and there there
is no excuse in in other words when the
Democratic Party it nationally says at
least for its presidential rules we
think this is the right way to do it
there's should be no recourse okay
because we have the constitutional
authority we have court backing to say
that we can create our own nomination
rules and the only the only counter to
that historically ever has been way way
way back with the Texas white primary
system where you can't have party rules
that violate civil rights but in terms
of these sorts of things you know we
have a lot of discretion and it seems to
me that this is one thing that this
commission can really do and really make
progress on thank you
others yeah we can take okay so I just
have a question it obviously New York is
a complicated situation but perhaps we
can set some sort of guidelines if
there's a state where the party is not
ruling this and it is a democratically
controlled state so say this scenario
was the party that it was left to the
legislature and the legislature was
there to determine the rules
he had briefly mentioned eight Democrats
who are caucusing as Republicans right
now preventing that legislation from
being passed that's essentially what's
happening there can the DNC do anything
to make a statement to the state party I
mean today is there anything that we can
do to oversee that process to make sure
that the Democrats work with the
Democrats or
sure I mean look the the reason we
have we reviewed delegate selection
plans and approve them in the first
place is that states after the 1972
convention which was incredibly chaotic
wanted some protection against
challenges to their delegation on the
floor of the convention and so one of
the protections was if you create a
delegate selection plan you get it
approved by the National Party and then
you implement it as you said you you are
free from a series of kinds of
challenges and that's actually worked
fairly well over the years we have many
met we've had many many fewer
credentials fights than we used to have
so the party's option in your scenario
is to turn down the New York State
delegate selection plan if it does not
if we make a rule if the Unity
Commission sends to the DNC a
recommendation that this should be done
as close as possible to the usual lack
we should ease up on changing or
allowing people to become Democrats and
a party does not fulfill that law it has
very few grounds for a waiver okay I
mean very very few grounds for a waiver
and the DNC Rules Committee can simply
not approve the delegate selection plan
that becomes a big problem because an
unapproved delegate selection plan as we
saw in some of us in 2008 with Florida
and Michigan an unapproved delegate
selection plan raises the question of
the ceding of an entire delegation and
that's that's a big problem
so yeah the the party through its
ability to approve plans or give waivers
right as the case may be has if has a
fair amount of power in this and by and
large the courts have reinforced the
party's authority in these matters so
you know if this suppose we were to
turned down the New York State delegate
selection plan it went to court the
court most likely would say no the
Democratic Party has the right to do
this political parties have the right to
control their nominations Tim just a few
points about these waivers first of all
if the situation falls into one of
several buckets one is where the state
party clearly controls the rules for the
particular process that that's where we
have the greatest the greatest influence
secondly there's a situation where you
have a Democratic legislature and and
governor more influence for the for
enforcing the rules although not a slam
dunk because legislators do not always
go along with party rules on these
things the real strong argument for a
waiver is usually when you have a
republican-controlled legislature and
the Republicans take a different
approach than we have now on the timing
issue for example gradually we got the
Republicans to be and basically the same
frame that we're in and so things began
to change on that so but the other point
I wanted to make is that in the sequence
in which this all appears usually what
we have is the rules and bylaws
committee as an organization and and its
members argue for enforcing the rules
and the state party comes in and argues
for why the rules should not be imposed
on them and maybe they maybe they their
argument prevails or maybe some
compromise is enacted what there usually
isn't is an advocacy group pushing for
enforcing the rules and that's partly
because the campaign's usually are not
yet paying attention when this is done
and there are not ongoing organizations
with an interest in this that may be
different in this cycle there may be
ongoing organizations who we will hear
from on this and that could be very
helpful the sort of information that we
got today
might well not have come to us in
previous cycles okay can I just fall
that quickly Larry well I have the chair
next and then your pop you'll follow her
yeah anyone else just indicate you want
to speak please that's really not gonna
happen that often Jeff so I'll take up
on that so I just want one point that's
that's just something that we discussed
earlier today that I've been thinking
about a little bit more but you know in
light of our discussion this morning and
the question about what the New York
Board of Elections does to educate
people around these deadlines or
certainly you know a baseline of stuff
that they do press releases and
otherwise but certainly not enough if we
continue in this situation so you know
one of the things that we've discussed
is the role of the National Party to
educate around challenging situations
like this certainly in places where
there's Republican control and we're not
able to make adjustments at the local
level but I also feel like there's a
really important need for the local
state parties to build a very strong
infrastructure that is educating you
know every day of the year about this so
that it becomes more of a just a known
factor because as we all well know most
people don't even think about elections
until we're hitting you know September
you know just before we get to a general
election so you know there's a lot that
can be done tactically certainly with
the technology that we have in our
ability to have you know wide reach from
all the elements of the party I think
it's really important for all of us to
think about every single place that we
can build out education programs at
every level to ensure that that becomes
part of the routine but also a really
important role of the national and state
parties in situations like this and
obviously that goes to the importance of
educating voters and a role that we as a
party take very seriously but I think
these instances are going to require a
lot more in a sustained way and a
resource way yeah just to follow up on
Elena
in addition to not approving the
delegate plans we certainly could also
structure the allocation of Delegates in
a way that penalizes states that take
certain actions
I mean I wouldn't build off of what no
Mackay Jen and Jeff's just said McGee I
wouldn't want to hear from you a little
bit more I know we're talking about
delegate selection process but is it
does it include for example every like a
voting checklist for example for a state
party we've just learned this about New
York that New York could have taken
steps to make it more inclusive are we
assessing how inclusive they're being
are they going to the edge as to how
many voters can we allow voter
registration deadlines party switching
deadlines etc and also adding an
education component right and saying
like okay well are you doing these 10
recommended things and if you're not why
and we know tying that to delegate
allocation but also honestly see parties
are getting funds from the DNC and if
they're making a conscious decision to I
don't think anyone's making a conscious
decision to withhold buzz but if they're
making a conscious decision to not go
all the way which to know why it would
take actions to trust that you know
every delegate selection plan that I've
read and I've read most of them since
1980 I hate to say that has has a
requirement in it for an affirmative
action plan and the affirmative action
plan not only includes goals for
underrepresented groups but the
affirmative action plan more broadly is
the education plan of the state party
okay how many how much many training
sessions are you going to do how many
mailings are you going to do these plans
actually get quite specific the rules
and bylaws committee has frequently
asked serious questions to states about
their affirmative action plans there's a
process for challenging a an affirmative
action plan or a delegate selection plan
if people think that it's not adequate
okay and occasionally this happens so
this gets laid out
very far ahead of the of the process now
where the rubber meets the road
I mean event has written many of these
right where the rubber meets the road is
when people think that the state party
actually hasn't lived up to its promises
in terms of education and outreach and I
know that the presidential candidates
and campaigns which I've been in many of
them they are often are sort of earth
because they get income into a state and
they discovered that the state party
hasn't done what's in the plan they
think they're gonna win delegates they
don't want the delegates challenged and
therefore the the presidential campaign
ends up having to run the affirmative
action program for the state party so
that's where it gets it really does get
sort of messy but that it in theory
right this is supposed to all be laid
out and the rules and bylaws committee
finishes its work more than a year ahead
of the presidential primaries and so if
then the parties are supposed to
implement one thing that I would just
add just to be fair to see parties a lot
of times I think when the affirmative
action is not implemented completely it
could be due to funds due to funding
absolutely I mean that's that's usually
what happens right which is the party
doesn't have ends up not having the
money right to do it they go to they go
to the presidential candidates I mean we
had this we had this Charlie in
California Jeff where remember they were
asking the presidential candidates to
pay for the venues for the post primary
caucuses because the party couldn't pay
to rent the venue's I mean this this is
kind of a you know mess out there often
because because of that hopefully
hopefully in 2020 we will have 50
incredibly strong straight parties and
nobody will worry about it
keep pushing senator Turner thank you
mr. chair I just want to on something
that the chairwoman said about the DNC
really taking
the lead to educate our voters and
states about what the rules are and
using the state of New York as one of
the worst examples but I just we really
do need to declare I think as a party
that structures like the one in New York
are unacceptable and especially when
Democrats are in control so we're gonna
affirm as a party that we will fight for
voting rights across the board and that
we're willing to fight our own if
necessary that if Republicans were doing
this we would be crying bloody murder so
we just got to make sure the DNC besides
the education point we I think we need
to make it clear that we want to change
and that change has to come even if we
have to fight members of the Democratic
Party within the state of New York
because it is wholly unacceptable that
Democrats who have the power to change
this right now they don't have to wait
til tomorrow they don't have to wait
till next year they can change it right
now but yet they continue to allow this
process to work because it works for
establishment folks within those states
and they don't care about the voter so
if we're gonna charge Democrat
Republicans with voter suppression and
New York voter suppression is coming at
the hands of Democrats and I can't tell
you how many times and my congresswoman
is here that when I was in the state
legislature fighting for Ohioans to keep
access to the ballot box that they have
how many times my Republican colleagues
through New York up in my face as as
saying that the state of Ohio even
though they took away voting access in
Ohio the fact that it was very limited
in New York was the battle cry of my
Republican colleagues to hurt us in Ohio
as we tried to protect what Ohioans had
so we got to declare right now that New
York this is unacceptable and it doesn't
matter if it's friend or foe we got to
do away with this and do away with it
right now
Jim Zogby her Elaine you did get to the
point later about these rules are there
the procedures are there but they're
sometimes honored more in the breach
than in the observance and and the
problem is we lack an effective
enforcement mechanism and that's one of
the things we'll talk about later when
it would come to my bucket but this
question of if rules aren't being lived
up to what do you do where do you go who
do you go to and so that I appreciate
that thank you because I've seen that I
mean we have a formative action
guideline in Michigan I know about it
Arab Americans have benefited from it it
has frequently just simply not been
honored absolutely and look the ultimate
way the ultimate discipline is bringing
challengers right being bringing
challenges to a delegation not ceding a
delegation the toughest the Democrats
have been historically has been in the
timing issue where because of we went we
went through more than a decade of
states trying to jump up earlier and
earlier and earlier so that it in 1988
we had the Iowa caucuses on January 3rd
and we were really in a position of
voters being ready to like shoot us for
just you know campaigning at
Christmastime and it was just nuts that
got resolved frankly not by us
well they got resolved in two ways one
is Jim Roosevelt bless his heart got
together with the Republicans and it was
in the interest of both parties to stop
this insanity of an earlier and earlier
and earlier system and and in fact we
now have a decent working relationship
with them on that one issue it may be
the only issue in the entire universe
where we're working relationship with
Republicans but I think the second thing
was that in 2008 we held the firm on
Florida and Michigan and it was not lost
on states that in the end if the party
really wanted to the party really could
make states stick to its rules so that's
the
that we have had historically we do have
some but generally the the disputes
haven't risen to the level you know what
I mean where that would happen I'm less
interested here in in the rules of
procedure as as I am in the engagement
rules and those are the ones that I was
I was thinking about that and that's
just affirmative action but the training
programs and making the the process of
becoming a delegate available to
Democrats who wanted to run that is I
always say the best kept secret in
American politics is American politics
and and and trying to pry the rules
sometimes from the state
it requires sometimes a bit of a you
have to go in with a bit of a club to
get them you get them and then you have
to translate them into English for
people and do your own training which is
what we've been forced to do often times
because people simply can't figure out
what does this like how do I do that
yeah so that's something I think that we
really need to take a well and that's
that's gonna be in your bailiwick too in
terms of party strengthening yell okay
those on that Commission who didn't
speak on this anyone else I'm gonna come
last to know me otherwise anyone else
okay
Jorge asked me to ask more questions
expanding on this a little bit more
during the primary process as it as a
delegate for Bernie Sanders in New York
we faced a lot of challenges with our
with our state committee we actually
sued the state committee because they
didn't follow their own rules
they it was very well documented they
shut down debate this isn't a Bernie
Hillary situation this is a New York
state Democratic Party situation you
have the state Senate the Democrats who
are incredibly frustrated with our
governor who controls the state party
the finances of the state party he
appoints everybody who's on the state
party for the most part who's basically
deciding whether or not to to follow the
rules right so my question is other than
delegate allocation which I don't think
of Nicolo here's two cents about unless
he's running for president
what else can we do and it's not just
New York I mean there's a couple of
other states that have very early
registration deadlines you know like
three that are that are Democrat
controlled Democratic control not as
much as New York literally hundreds of
days in difference but what else can we
do as a governing or as a reforming
Commission to make sure that in the
future the Democrats
I mean he's taking state funds let's
just be I mean taking DNC funds putting
into the state party and not using it to
elect Democrats this is this is this
something he has a fund he doesn't
release the funds
he doesn't engage the party he controls
the funds what can we do to make sure
that the Democratic Party in New York
State is held accountable let me just
say a lot of that should be in your
bucket for it rather than this one's
really on primary elections so given
that you're a part of that one that
would be great and you know my own wish
is that that group looks a lot more at
state parties how do they function and
as we all know there's 57 of them and we
heard in the first we heard in the first
there we go we had clapping for the 57
not just as we heard in the first
presentation from attorney Sandler one
of the problems is these 57 parties are
way too independent that wasn't just a
jim crow mississippi freedom democratic
problem that's a legal structure that
persists to this day but that is bucket
for the party reform doesn't just mean
the DNC party reform means more much
more so than the DNC people live in
these 57 parties so if you can pull that
back into your group that'll be great
because we actually need to get more of
that my opinion in that group others on
primaries
you
this group lots of progress thanks so
much
okay we're gonna move on to caucuses and
caucuses is something that we have
talked about and heard from experts
throughout the course of this process
and I'm gonna ask the leaders of our
caucus working group to take us through
where we are in the process and and
begin the discussion here so I'm gonna
kick it to Jain club and to Mayor Webb
let me just begin by saying that we want
to speak on something has nothing to do
with our bucket we do believe in
universal registration works for
everybody so we do support that so the
charge for our call for caucus reform is
not just read the charge is that the
language of the resolution says eligible
voters ability to participate in the
caucuses are protected the Commission
shall make recommendations as to how
caucuses can be less burdensome more
inclusive transparent and accessible to
participants specific consideration
shall be given to so-called Firehouse
caucuses and other methods that will
permit expanded and higher volumes of
voter participation these steps shall
include ensuring caucuses are well-run
accessible transparent and that the
delegates allocated to the National
Convention fairly reflect the will of
the voters expressed during their
caucuses the Commission shall make
specific recommendations to streamline
the caucus realignment process including
measures to account to accommodate
increased voter participation and
decrease the time necessary to conduct
the caucus the Commission shall make
specific recommendations that require
caucuses to publish the specific head
count at all caucus locations and to
maintain sufficient records to make a
post caucus review and recanvass as of
those results and as part of our
discussion I think there was five on our
committee some of the areas that we did
talk about in terms of increasing
participation also included the location
on where caucuses would be l that all
caucus sites would have
same-day registration that in addition
to same-day registration that we would
also look for requirement that all
caucus sites that would also be the
sites for same-day drop-off and absentee
mail-in ballots as well jane some of the
other specific reforms that we would
like to see implemented is that if you
do a caucus site if you do a caucus
process as a state that you would have
to have available on-site party voter
registration so same-day voter
registration this would make it very
accessible for independence that
currently aren't part of our party and
who want to vote for a Democratic
president it would also make sure that
voters who may not understand the
complicated process sometimes in some of
our states so they would be able to
register as voters that day I will say
that for large states maybe this would
be burdensome but for small states like
Nebraska Iowa who have caucuses it's
actually a really good way for us to
build our party since we aren't large
and don't have huge budgets the other
thing that we'd want to do is instance
institutionalize a national training
program that all caucus states would
have to go through as well as the caucus
site leaders so there's some uniformity
and how caucuses are run some caucus
sites are run awesome some not so great
a lot of that just simply has to do with
training really well intended volunteers
just need the training resources and so
that's something that we would want the
DNC to institutionalize and then be able
to personalize it at the state and local
level we want to make sure that the
reporting of the caucus results as mayor
Webb said is also standardized and that
there's a system that states in the
caucus sites would able be able to put
in their data and so it would all feed
in to then the DNC and it would also
make it easier for any campaigns that
think that they want to contest the
results would be able to have access to
where voters can see that information as
well we definitely are still in
discussion on how to streamline the
realignment process there's some
discussion with doing away with
realignment all to get
that really mostly impacts Iowa and so
we're really working to make sure that
that continues to be fair for our first
caucus state that has a deep tradition
of realignment that we still want to
honor and then we certainly want to make
it clear that we think that caucus sites
should all have a firehouse caucus
process meaning that somebody can come
into the caucus site vote and leave we
know that working people can't always
stay for the four to eight to ten hours
that sometimes happens and caucuses so
that will either be coming on-site to
register your vote for the person that
you want to be the Democratic nominee or
it could mean you do it through absentee
right so you would mail in your vote to
the state party so we really do want to
keep the ability of states to have a
caucus if they so choose but it's got a
we have to institutionalize process to
make it more accessible to voters
especially working-class families what a
one other area that we also what one
other area that we also stated is that
we believe all materials for training
and all materials that's distributed
should all be bilingual for the caucuses
and then one last thing that we'll say
is we also think that the caucuses the
states that choose to do it should
really look at the date because they
have control over the date that they can
do their caucus and that we try to do
that around regionals with primaries so
candidates can go and visit these caucus
states which are often smaller states
which often get ignored by presidential
candidates so this would be a way for
voters to actually engage with
candidates as well great thank you
I'm gonna ask the Commission members if
folks want to add in I don't know Jan if
there's a few things that you want to
say off the top
yeah
okay technology can be challenging yet
we really appreciate Iowa I really
appreciates the attention and the
sincere desire to work with us in
maintaining a lot of our long-held
traditions but we firmly believe that
caucuses are a great way to build party
and we as a state would be lost without
them and and I think it's it's something
that we encourage the existing caucus
states to really embrace an opportunity
to use them to help build their own
personal parties from the grassroots off
one thing I want to add is you know we
had heard from experts who work within
caucuses some from large states I'm from
small we have our own expert right here
on the Commission with Jane from
Nebraska
but talking a little bit about how the
National Party can work to convene
caucus states as they go through a
planning process helping to support what
we're learning for people that are on
the front end of the process to those
that come later certainly you know
states like Iowa who've been going
through this in Nevada you know have run
through a lot of different hoops and
processes and systems that have worked
it and not worked and I think there's a
lot of value there that has happened
that discussion of best practices I
think in an ad hoc way and I think that
there's ways that you know we can look
at from a national standpoint to really
bring together caucus states to ensure
that the recommendations that we're
making here the attempts were making to
adjust the system to allow for more
inclusion will be enhanced if we're
supporting these states specifically but
then the states that are actually
conducting caucuses are supporting each
other and and then on top of that I
think there's a lot of really wonderful
talented work that the DNC has and State
Parties have from a technical standpoint
from a an expertise standpoint around
caucuses
we want to make sure that we think about
how can we institutionalize that a
little bit more so that there's added
support for running these caucuses as we
all know you know a big part of what we
talk about a lot is what state parties
need to continue to grow and evolve and
a lot of that comes down to resources
and these caucuses are often you know a
majority run by volunteers you know with
the support of some really great state
and staff staff and states but really
looking at what else we need to be doing
to support those states that are running
caucuses so that we can ensure that the
guidelines that are set are actually
supported and and followed through based
on people that have the right training
and support to be able to do that and
the other commission members want to add
anything or throw out any additional
comments or questions on the caucuses
okay great
with that I'm gonna hand it back to to
Larry to take us through the next group
great so the next group is unpledged
delegates working group Lucy Flores and
David Wynne were the conveners and then
we had other members so start with the
two of you in either order thanks Larry
so we worked on the unpledged delegates
or better known as super delegate
reforms and and we all agree here in our
group that the role of unpledged
delegates should be revised and reduced
we also think that we have to find
better ways of promoting and pushing for
a more diverse unpledged delegate group
the mandate is pretty explicit in what
it calls for in terms of reforming this
group of delegates
it calls for DNC members to be pledged
based on the results of their state
caucus or primary contests and we are
moving in the next few days and weeks to
work out the logistics but I think we're
in a pretty good place and you know the
resolution is pretty clear on what needs
to be done and we're
on just making sure that we get all the
kinks right Lucy I don't know you have
been anything else you want to add I
mean I did want to clarify that the
language at this point and these are the
logistics and kinks that we're working
out
actually create kind of two categories
if you will of the of the unpledged
delegates one of that category being
members of Congress elected officials
some elected officials distinguished
party leaders who do not become bound
based on the outcome of their state
races and then the other category of
remaining unpledged delegates that do
become bound and I want to make it clear
that virtually everyone on this
commission has an issue with that and
and so we're working through the
logistics and the kinks because it is
very specific in terms of the language
that is included in our resolution that
came as a result of course the
convention from last year so I think
we're in a good place in terms of
everyone really recognizing and being an
agreement that we are not we're not okay
with creating these two different
categories because what we all
emphasizes that the unpledged delegates
that are within our state parties within
our grassroots etc are actually the most
important voices and those voices should
not be treated as any lesser than
anybody else so that being said we have
a lot of work to do in the next couple
weeks to finally come with some final
language but we're making good progress
okay others from that group either the
others from your group want to comment
or we'll throw it open then to the
Commission as a whole comments on this
okay we're getting talked out here but
that's maybe that's a good thing
okay the chair is going to handle the
next group but since
out of the room right now I'll start it
off so the last group is as we
referenced earlier we termed party
reform in many ways it has the least of
the language of the two-page document
that created this commission because as
we all know the Commission was largely
created in reference to the presidential
nominating process in 2016 but the
drafter the the Rules Committee the
convention and then the convention as a
whole did include some language about
the need to look at party reform and as
we referenced earlier this is party
reform at every level with the mandate
that how do you create a party that it's
wide open that people join it in in
where they live in their precinct in
their County in their state and they
feel like when they join it they can
lead it and how does the how do we the
DNC operate in a way that enhances that
positive feeling so with that I will
kick this to Jorge and Jim who were the
conveners and then the other members of
that working group thank you so we
thought through this in in a couple
different buckets the first one being
how are we going to make the party more
inclusive up and down in a some some
ways that with we came up with and Jim
can speak to some of the the ideas he
has and noemy key as well but making
sure that we are opening up the bidding
process for and setting a metric for
diverse consultants to join the party to
participate in elections that the DNC is
doing also member education how do you
become a party leader how do you become
a DNC member really making that doing
education around that putting that on
our website making it more accessible
for folks to do that another
recommendation was to do term limits for
DNC members there's folks that have been
serving for a very long time and you
were really grateful for them but as we
continue to build a pipeline making sure
that people have a place to go and a
place to enter the other one is oh the
donor and volunteer lists when when
campaigns end making sure that the NC is
able to have access to those lists
making sure that the party has that the
state parties have access to those lists
so that they can continue to build on
that right now sometimes some folks some
campaigns do it but we want to make sure
that it is a more streamlined process so
that the people that have been engaged
over the last two years can remain
engaged and making sure that our are
we're advancing and technology and
letting the information that we have
around our rules and bylaws that that is
also evolving with the times like the
the other groups we didn't we don't have
complete consensus but we do have some
agreement on general principles there is
a especially after the most recent
discussions we have I think that there's
a broad commitment to increase
participation and diversity to create a
greater sense of accountability in party
structures greater sense of transparency
and also more democracy these are the
keys we think to growing the party and
bringing more people into the party
where there are still issues that have
to be worked out is in the question of
how deep the structural changes have to
go how institutionalized we have to
become to make these chain
jizz happen some of the proposals we
have for example has to do what have to
do with the very process of becoming a
member of the DNC and at-large
membership and what are the role of DNC
members in the election process and so
some of us have proposed a nominating
committee be created to take the sort of
the the the mystery out of the process
and create a process that is absolutely
transparent it also is as I mentioned to
Elaine the the an idea to create a
judicial review so that candidates and
DNC members and Democrats have a place
to go when they feel that the rules and
bylaws are not being honored we also
took a close look at the Charter and
bylaws and are looking at ways to
implement the bylaw on the budget the
bylaws specifically say that annual
reports on goals purposes of
expenditures and results of expenditures
purposes and results of expenditures
should be discussed by the DNC and
Executive Committee of the DNC both and
that's something we want to continue to
portion happen so that there be
transparency many of the issues we've
talked about lack of funds we don't have
the money to do this or don't money to
do then is a mystery because we don't
know where them you know how much one
either is or where the money goes or who
the people are getting it or how
effective are the programs being carried
out issue that Larry is raised and has
been very very has been pushing us on is
the question of ensuring that state
parties are accountable and and and
Democratic as well and so the the idea
here is to create a an accountability
and effectiveness mechanism so that as
we give grants the states we also have a
vehicle that will say to States these
are the metrics we expect you to realize
or to to achieve and some of those
metrics could be everything from voter
registration goals to hiring
get-out-the-vote staff to making new
people making it possible for new people
to become everything from precinct
delegate to
County Central Committee to state
committee this process is completely
unknown to most Democrats and so what we
want to do is to create a situation
where parties are encouraged actually
mandated to use funds that they get in
order to build that bench that Jorge
talks about I'm not sure myself that
term limits are necessary as much as it
is to create a process from the bottom
up
Wellington Webb had an idea that I think
is really important that could be also a
part of this effectiveness mechanism and
that is there are all these young local
elected officials being brought into
office around the country we don't know
them sometimes we don't encourage them
we don't court them we don't bring them
to DNC meetings and make them feel part
of the institution and so that's
something that we also want to make a
part of this and and then there was an
idea that had come forward about
creating a program that is operating in
rural Virginia called the democratic
promise which which takes volunteers in
rural counties where the Democratic
brand has been suffering and/or has
become extinct and going door to door
instead of canvassing for votes or
canvassing for money saying do you have
something that we can do for you can we
help you sign up for Medicare can we
help you sign up for Social Security can
the Democratic Party assist you in
solving problems that you may have that
are government related problems as a way
of encouraging people to feel that the
party is there for them it works in this
area of Virginia and we'd like to see it
not initially become national it's too
big a leap but to start in some areas of
the country where we need to do this in
red states and red counties and in
purple States in order to re regain some
brand identification that people have
with the with the party so the issue
here is is and we're we're still working
is do how do we institutionalize do we
institutionalize to get these these
their goals goals are nice but our
feeling is some of us have
feeling that if unless you create
committees and actually empower those
committees to do this some of these
things aren't going to happen they just
become goals we talked about but there
needs to be somebody there who's the the
cop that sort of directs traffic and
says we didn't we didn't how did we miss
that guy in Alabama who just got elected
how did we miss that that woman in Iowa
who just got elected and that we need to
know them or why is this state party not
doing what we've asked them to do or why
are they why are we getting complaints
from people in Illinois that they're not
getting what they need
etc so it the question of
institutionalization is something that
we're still struggling with and but
we've got a real good discussion and a
general commitment to reform and the
question is just how do we how deep do
we go in and making it happen thank you
so Jim and Jorge have actually covered a
lot of what we've already were my
proposals which have combined but I'll
bring up two points the first is hope
three I want to reinforce the budget
it's my personal obsession I
we can't know how we lost 1,100 seats
how we lost a presidency against a man
who you know we outspent the three times
as much we can't know where we made
these mistakes unless we know where we
spent the money and right now that is
seems to be unilateral decision and the
budget is not transparent so I think
having a more participatory budget
process for the future and an assessment
of the past budget would be really
important
and you know and and Jim has brought up
having a committee to oversee that so I
do have one question for Jim about how
we make sure those committees are fairly
balanced and they're not just stacked
with people that are set that don't hold
the body accountable in the proposals
that we wrote up they coffin them to be
elected by the body by the by the
executive committee and some from the
state chairs and from the general
membership and I feel strongly about
that I think that I've been on the DNC
for 25 years I said to myself a moment
ago a quarter of a century that sounds a
lot longer I'm probably ready for your
term limiting or would it be a half
century as the term the and we hadn't
disagreement about that I wouldn't want
to lose Jim Roosevelt for the world and
there are other people that I've worked
with over the years that have just meant
so much and I've learned so much from
and I think we have to have a way of
discussing this one but but yeah I mean
I think that DNC members need to be
empowered to make some of these
decisions and that's something I feel
very strongly about having been on the
body for 25 years I we had an election
at the last time we elected all the
officers it was the most exciting
meeting I've ever been at I want more of
those I'd like to have an election for a
finance review committee I'd like to
have an election for a nominating
committee I'd like to have an election
for who you know who's gonna who was
among the state chairs are going to be
elected by their peers to be the effect
of the the the accountability mechanism
folks who will help do that to make the
democratic party democratic is actually
a good thing and I think will empower us
strengthen us and create what Jorge
wants is the opportunity for new people
to come up the ranks and be empowered to
be able to do something and I think that
this process is so exciting because
we've all been engaged every DNC member
ought to have the same opportunity to be
this engaged in this kind of process so
that their membership actually means
something in terms of decision making to
direct
future of our country so I think that's
exactly I mean if you think about it you
know it's not that I'm saying that you
know I want to kick Jim off the the DNC
and that's it yeah but at some point Jim
will decide that he doesn't want to be
part of the DNC or he's going to step
aside and we need to ensure that there
was people that could fill that role so
if there is term limits you can make
sure that you're bringing up the farm
league and Jim is sharing all that
knowledge as someone that he is trying
to you know make sure that they continue
to go up and at some point when he is
ready to step aside there is someone to
backfill that because what we don't want
is someone to just leave and that
information leaves so I just want to
follow up with the choose the next
points um I really think this would be a
great idea and it I think it could loop
into your Virginia program the state
hearings to go state-by-state and
understand how the state parties are
functioning where their their unique
problems are maybe its regional maybe
you have you know regional hearings
every once in a while like this where
state party chairs and other activists
in the community can come and talk about
the struggles that they're facing
uniquely so the DNC isn't left in the
dark when suddenly you know we lose an
election that we thought we were gonna
win or we find out that the state party
doesn't have enough money to build a
pipeline or that you know a state that
we thought was gonna go blue and 2020 is
actually really far behind by the time
we're in 2020 because they don't have
the resources so um that's one other
proposal and I think that ties in to the
final proposal which is how do we hold
these states accountable when you have
bad actors and
and I come from one of those states and
there's a lot of frustration in New York
over a very active Democratic Party you
know we have a lot of the things that
that a lot of states don't have we have
we have local county committees that
aren't vacant if people want to run for
they may not know how to run for those
local County committees but they're
engaged we have County clubs we have
local neighborhood clubs still to this
day we have Reform clubs we have our
revolution chapters you know so it's
really encouraging to see this kind of
activism across the state it's not just
downstate it's in Buffalo and in western
New York it's it's an Albany in
Binghamton I was in Binghamton a few
weeks ago and saw a lot of activism so
when you have a state like that that has
all the things that we want and it's
democratically controlled how do we hold
those who are in power accountable
especially if they're not responsive to
the delegate situation and I think
that's mean we really need to consider
obviously New York is an extraordinary
example but there's a lot in between
that I think we can consider for other
states things I'm gonna call in Jim
Roosevelt okay thanks as the as another
member of this working group but I think
we have a lot of consensus on overall
goals we don't have full agreement on
mechanisms but the goals of better
communication and and consultation and
openness within the DNC and thereby and
thereby really opening to to the party
as a whole I think we share very
strongly I have some concerns which I've
shared in the group about too many
processes too many committees overseeing
various aspects that basically would
would not just guide the chair but
restrict the chair and and take up staff
time away from what needs to be the real
purpose of DNC staff and the
organization as a whole which is
which is listening to the American
people and crafting a message that meets
their real needs and problems first of
all and most importantly recruiting
candidates to carry that message and
supporting and supporting our incumbents
as well as our new candidates and
finally raising the resources to make
all that effective we don't wait I think
we want to be sure that we don't in this
process of introspection that we've been
going through
Lieut we want to be sure we don't lose
sight of the fact that this is really
not about how we deal with ourselves
internally this is about how do we lead
lead the country to a better a better
America and then the final thing that I
would raise is we do have to be
realistic about how much oversight the
DNC has over State Parties we we kind of
talk as if for $10,000 or even a $50,000
contribution to their expenses gives us
the chance to audit all of their
successes and failures and in fact
unlike political parties in other
country in other countries State Parties
have actually much more autonomy then
then people realize people will talk
about why does the DNC have the state
party do this or that because the state
party doesn't really care about what the
DNC thinks about this or that but the
DNC does have the opportunity to both
lead by example and lead by exhortation
so that's I think what we're what we're
talking about here and we've got to
remember that it's not necessarily a
matter of saying you must do this and it
will happen good point
I'm gonna event and then there with as
someone who's been a state party chair
let me speak to this first of all we
have a very robust organization called
the association of state democratic
chairs that works very very hard we have
these kind of post-mortems we have these
kinds of trainings we have this going on
all the time within our organization as
a matter of fact when
came into the DNC I came in through the
ASD see it is a very close organization
but it is a very vibrant organization
and it has the ability to go back and
self assess and self correct and we have
been able to achieve that because we
understand how our states work there is
not a one-size-fits-all for the state
parties so to say that the DNC has to
manage the state parties that cannot be
done
everybody's state is different in my
state for example we were led by our
governor martin o'malley
wright who was very invested in the
state party he not only raised the money
for the state party but he made sure
that we had everything we needed to make
sure that our delegate selection plans
or as they should be that we were able
to do the trainings and we were able to
go around the states everybody doesn't
have that if you don't have a democratic
governor so every state party does have
to maintain that autonomy it might be
helpful if maybe we would have Ken
Martin of the asdc
to come in I don't know if we'd have the
time to do that or to do a written
presentation so that everyone can really
understand how that whole organization
works and how vibrant it is and how
necessary it is but how we do need to
maintain our autonomy because we have
other people that we need to answer to
within our states so that's the the one
thing that I want to want to clear up
because I hear this the state party
thing and it's like it's it's we come
under this umbrella and the DNC is here
the state party is here yes we all work
towards the same things but the state
party does have to maintain its separate
autonomy because of our own political
structures in our state that we have to
be aware of and that we quite frankly
answer to so that's the first thing the
second thing that I wanted to hit on is
something that I mentioned we that I
mentioned earlier when we talk about
diversity the the one thing that I think
needs to go into this party reform is a
struct of better structuring of our
caucuses that is our diversity in the
party
we have these caucuses and these
caucuses need to be more vibrant they
need to be more active and they need to
be the arm in the states once again
because our caucus members come from the
states
our caucus members can be their own
chairs of their particular caucuses in
their states and work with their state
parties that's a better way to use the
caucuses it seems to me if each caucus
person considered him or herself the
chair of that caucus in their state and
they became the person that that flowed
the information up to the DNC the last
thing that I want to mention is when we
talk about diversity the diversity has
to be in hiring but it has to be in
contracting and as I've said before we
had a diversity leader before and that
was a wonderful concept but it is too
big a job for one person we need a
diversity team a team that can answer
the needs of each constituency group
that we have as a part of our party and
to make sure that their voices are being
heard and when I was chair of the
Maryland Democratic Party we had the
diversity leaders leadership councils
and those people actually had a seat on
the executive committee so we had the
AAPI Council the African Council the
Hispanic Council the LGBT we had it all
because I wanted everyone to feel like
they had a place at the table so if
we're really serious about diversity
then we have a team not a person that is
devoted to diversity in the Democratic
Party so that the DNC is hearing from
the voices that show up at the polls
that vote that keep us the DNC that's it
mayor Webb
the diversity issue and we talked about
it summer earlier as it relates to
contracts and I want us to think about
it from this standpoint the diversity on
contracts and vendors for the DNC is not
to reach an affirmative action goal to
fill out a box it's to expand the talent
pool of the women and minority firms
that are out there that could expand the
outreach of our party as a whole because
many of these firms are not being
reached and if they're used by virtually
than being used and being contracted
with the DNC he would also house it
would also expand the outreach of the
DNC at the grassroots level Jimmy just
just a couple points first in relation
to some of the comments that Jim
reach-in Roosevelt made which I do
appreciate
but while I believe that staff have an
important role to play and certainly do
have the tasks that you have delineated
I I am concerned that the DNC itself
that the members of the DNC are not so
empowered to do those very things I I
spoke early on in this process when we
were starting this I had a talk with Rob
Stein you'll remember was ron brown's
chief of staff and he said one of the
first things i realized when i when we
took over at the DNC is that there is no
governing body there is no governing
authority the way it operates the way it
is in operation and I thought that
needed to be looked at how do we make
the DNC a governing body how do we
empower people so that it's the DNC
members themselves are structured to
recruit candidates to raise money to be
the voice of the DNC are around the
country
in they are in their own caucuses they
are in their state parties but the DNC
itself as an institution doesn't empower
them in that way and on the question of
state chairs I couldn't agree with you
more I'm and I know state parties I've
worked with state parties and I know how
vibrant many of them are I also know
there are some warrant and and and there
are ones that and and this is directed
not at the vibrant state parties but
this is directed and the reason you have
an accountability mechanism is to say
you guys are doing great and we're gonna
bump your money up and if you can use 50
thousand instead of 25 thousand a month
that's great but you guys are not doing
it and here are some recommendations
we'd like to make to help you be better
this is not like setting up a party a
party cop process you know where you
know we're gonna go in and send them off
to Siberia someplace but what we're
going to do is is hopefully say through
the state and if you look at the
proposal it forms this accountability
mechanism out of the state chairs
Association it it needs to be grounded
in the state chairs who will be able
among their peers to say we'd really
like you to be doing this better we
think that there are some ideas that
work in this state that ought to work in
that state and then make recommendations
to the DNC to bump up to bump down and
maybe to make some suggestions
officially to some of the parties and
just on the question of diversity I am
supportive and feel very strongly about
that
but one of the issues near and dear to
my heart and I friend Anita's here from
from the ethnic council is we've
struggled with this issue of the ethnic
voters in Pennsylvania Ohio Michigan
Wisconsin who gets short shrift and have
been getting short shrift from this
party now for way too long a period of
time we've been wanting a staff person
that would do outreach to our
communities because if you don't win the
Irish Polish Italian Eastern Central
European etc votes in those states we're
gone and I am not willing to consign the
people of Ohio Pennsylvania Michigan etc
to hell because you know our target
states are elsewhere I mean these have
to be priorities and so I want to make
the party responsive in every state to
diversity in the diversity of those
states and the needs in those states to
bring people home to the Democratic
Party and when I raise that issue they
say there's no money we can't do that
and that's where my first instinct of
looking at the looking at transparency
came about why can't we hire an ethnic
outreach person why can't we focus on
reaching those voters we've lost how do
we lose Michigan how do we lose Michigan
how do we lose Ohio in Pennsylvania in
the last round we finally got a governor
back but how did we lose state
legislators and look at the damage
that's been done to working people in
those states regardless of the
presidency the outcome of the presidency
because we lost state legislators and
the governor's it ship in Wisconsin we
can sign these people to a fate that
they will not recover from from you know
another decade if that at all you know
this is the state of fighting Bob La
Follette look where we are right now you
know I'm not doing it for this I'm doing
it because I think that we really have a
challenge here about state parties about
state organizing about building up our
party in states all across the country
and diversity as it is all across the
country to make this party the vibrant
party that we hope it will be and that
will win in 18 and 20 and that's what
motivates me and I think our group to
look at ways that we can we can we can
create the real reforms we need to do to
move forward Jim I don't disagree but I
don't want to lose the point on the
contracting piece that's a whole
separate piece okay and I want to say
that ethnic voters are not looking for
for contracts and that's not an issue
here it's an issue of looking at the
range model there are a lot of women in
minority firms that are looking for
contracts that have been denied that
opportunity before by this party I been
in the meetings where we've know the
caucus chairs have met and have met with
various chairs and that's one of the
reasons why the transparency mechanism
that I proposed is so absolutely vital
it can't just be a one-off meeting will
get more con
or even hire a diversity team to do it
there needs to be a full transparency to
this process so that we have a sense of
where this is going
what what's doing and we sit down and
have a rational conversation among
ourselves about how to make these
contracts more diverse and I agree with
you completely on that also just to
clarify making sure that when we are
going for diverse contracts is not just
for you know what you're an
african-american firm you get the
african-american work people can do all
types of work so making sure that it's
broader than that and that when we're
called to the table it's not just to
talk about Latinos is not just to talk
about African Americans listen let me
tell you what the arab guy says about
that because that's that's the situation
i get thrown in all the time i
completely understand that did you go
talk to your folks that's the only crowd
I get to talk to and I understand it
sucks and it's we're bigger that all of
us are more than that and all of us have
the capacity of being real leaders of a
broad segment of the American public but
we don't have that opportunity and we
will not be empowered to do that unless
this party becomes more accountable more
transparent and more democratic and
that's what these proposals are about me
let me just recognize Basile michael
executive director of the New York
Democratic Party just walked into the
room just one give him a shout out we've
been talking about in New York a lot um
yeah so I am so inspired by the progress
we've made in this room a lot of this
stuff has been debated to death and I
think the last few hours before this
meeting and during this meeting have
been incredibly productive and one thing
I want to reinforce is is we went from
being a party that as Jim says all the
time provided services to communities
whether a neighborhood to the presidency
to sadly becoming a Presidential
Committee and you know we need to win
the presidency right we didn't but we
need to win the presidency but that does
not necessarily mean in my opinion that
all of our resources gets spent
on the presidency and some of those
resources you notice I've I think it was
Jane mentioned maybe putting thirty
percent into state parties I park if I'm
wrong that off time just to reinforce
what we all know here investing in those
state parties infests investing in the
caucuses meaning the the constituents is
investing in the presidency it's
investing in the next generation of
leadership when you take your money and
you know where your money's spent and
when you take that money that you're
raising and you're getting all these
finance chairs to go out there around
the country and raise money from these
big donors and you're investing them
into state parties and you're investing
them into these councils you're you're
fighting the legislative battles that
that we're you know when we're talking
about this electoral reform that's a
legislative issue and so it is
incredibly important that we move from
being a nationalized party to becoming a
local party again that connects
nationally you know we are all here
representing our state's technically and
our states are starving of resources
young people are not signing up for the
Democratic Party even though the
majority are progressive that's an
injustice that's something that we have
to deal with and so I that you know you
made a really strong point about state
party chairs but some states there needs
to be some sort of as Jim said a
mechanism to oversee it to make sure
that the money is being allocated
properly that we incentivize them
properly not all chairs are the same
doing these hearings across the country
not just here from state party chairs
but to hear from from the activists on
the ground you know the Democrats who
don't feel connected to their party why
is that they don't because sometimes we
get in our and our bubbles you know
every states different obviously but
every state is different and we need to
learn because because you know the
consultants can't just swoop in to to
Texas and say we know how to turn Texas
blue when there are people on the ground
in Texas you've been trying to turn it
blue for over a decade and they know
better so I just thanks okay
when when you talk about you know what
looking at how the money is handled
state parties aren't completely and
totally and 100% funded by the DNC let's
be real clear about that we do call time
and we raise money you know in other
ways I just want to be clear about that
that that it's not you know we're not
being subsidized but by by the DNC I
just just want to be clear about that we
do we do take care of ourselves
great okay thank you I think that was a
really healthy discussion I just want to
add for my parting thoughts on the party
reform piece I think everything that we
suggest and you know we've talked a lot
about really important things in
principles we all agree on has to
ultimately be able to be directly
connected in my mind to winning
elections building the pipeline and
breaking down barriers that people feel
to be part of our party so I asked all
of us to make sure that we're looking
through that lens but I also want us to
go a step further and actually be able
to say how that's gonna do that because
I think at the end of the day where we
started this is where we're gonna end
this discussion and that we have to win
elections and we have no choice because
if we don't I don't want to imagine in
the world that we're going to be living
in so that's my final piece on party
reform so you know I I I am just one
always in full admiration of the
Commission members and their expertise
but their passion and commitment to this
party to unity and to reform and you
know as Noemi pointed out these aren't
easy discussions these aren't easy
changes they're not going to be for the
the national party they're not going to
be for state parties but they're
necessary and I think that these
deliberations and discussions have been
very very valuable hopefully those of
you that have joined us in those that
will watch
when they're at home and they want to
catch up on what the unity Commission's
doing we'll feel the same but one of the
things that I think is most important to
remind everyone is that as you see today
there's a lot still to be done before we
end up with a full report of the Unity
Commission and the recommendations that
we make there is more input that we're
gathering there's more discussions that
we need to have and frankly there's more
answers that we need to figure out in
some instances that we don't know what
the path for it is so again I just
encourage everyone that has opinions and
thoughts on this to share that and share
with us so I'm going to close up
formally the meeting but first I wanted
to go to the vice chair for his I thanks
Jen
thanks everybody who's been here today
and look forward to talking to people
individually we have a bunch of time and
then look forward also to our small
groups of the 21 of us gathering
together since we won't see each other
until the last meeting in December
obviously we'll have a lot of phone
calls let me just say that I'm very
encouraged by today and I can imagine
more than a year ago building a
Democratic Party that you know as a
popular party a more popular party not
just meaning more popular but more
popular involvement where where new
voters New Democrats can come in and
envision how they can help lead the
party in the in the state where they
live imagine that they are people like
them you know working people can run for
office and that and imagine that this
party you know leads the way on voting
rights and leads the way on big money
out of politics I think that
I think that all 21 of us regardless of
how we got here are sort of looking
through the same windshield rather than
just the rearview Merv what got us here
because we got here coming from you know
one of three places but now that we're
here it feels to me more and more like
we can see that we need you know a party
that has this popular mass base not just
the party that adapted to citizens
united by looking for big donors and the
big donors then run things the big
donors on our party need to get used to
the idea that for us to win we need to
overwhelmingly be a People's Party and I
think that we're I think that this group
of 21 people has has really learned an
enormous amount I have learned their
enormous amount from everyone here about
that about you know listening more than
talking and and and through you know
listening to you actually have a lot
more faith that what we end up with is
going to be something that all 21 of us
are proud of and that as Senator Turner
said earlier that this is the Reform
Commission and those reforms will unify
us and I think we're all committed to
that and chair thanks for your
leadership thanks Mary okay as we close
out a few things that I just want to
highlight again so first as a reminder
the commission members will be sticking
around for the next thirty minutes or so
and you know we would love to talk to
anyone who wants to talk about what
we've gone through today or in general
so please feel free to stick around and
have those conversations in addition to
that Friday you'll have unity Commission
members represented in the exhibit hall
please
feel free to stop by and also maybe say
hello in case nobody is talking to them
and then finally don't forget to go to
the website and fill in your opinions
and thoughts there especially coming out
of today
meeting we take that feedback very
seriously we have from the very
beginning when we started this process
and will continue to do so as we build a
rapport second I want to just take a
moment to say thank yous to everyone
here at Bally's Hotel and the staff and
the great work that they've done to take
care of not just our work but SDC and
the DNC meetings and making sure we're
all in a good place so thank you thank
you in particular to the DNC staff who
worked tirelessly do not get the thanks
and appreciation that they deserve thank
you to the IT crew who helped make sure
we were skyping in appropriately and
that everyone could hear us and that
went very well you never know how that's
gonna go into the court reporter as well
so this it takes the small army to pull
these pieces together and we are
grateful for their work and want to make
sure everyone knows what a wonderful
team supports the work that we do I want
to also call attention to everyone
based on mayor Webb's recommendation and
a great one at that that we as a
commission are going to be putting out a
statement today that we will share with
everyone but really talks about what
happened here in Las Vegas recognizes
what's going on in California
what's continuing to go on in Puerto
Rico and the US Virgin Islands and you
know really is the more important pieces
of what's happening in this world and we
want to make sure that that doesn't get
lost inside of these pieces of work that
we're doing here today good do you want
to add anything to that Mayer no I think
you you covered it okay wonderful
and then finally for Commission members
let me get my info here okay
our next meeting the final meeting of
the Unity Reform Commission is going to
be in Washington DC on December 8th and
9th be there or be square
right that was just a saying so we will
follow up on logistics for that as usual
please leave your binders and they will
be taken care of we obviously encourage
everyone who is interested in attending
to attend and we'll have more details
about location for that after folks are
gonna stay here we are going to rejoin a
five o'clock in the same place we were
before we will feed you but you need to
be there and we appreciate you all and
we thank you for your work again I just
want to remind everyone that it is not
just the public hearings that the
Commission members spend time on but
several meetings and calls throughout in
between these meetings and really
spending thoughtful time deliberating
these issues so you know we are
certainly indebted for their commitment
and for their minds and the work that
they've been doing so thank you all to
the Commission so with that I would like
to entertain a motion to adjourn
so move all those in favor I'm opposed
all right
the Unity Reform Commission is adjourned
you
