Gregg Popovich was already one of my
favorite people on the planet
I respect the San Antonio Spurs so much
they are boring they are methodical and
they are champions they play great
basketball they have great teamwork and
growing up I was a Lakers fan I love
Showtime razzle dazzle the whole thing
the Spurs oh come on
pass pass pass where's the giant dunks
what are you guys doing I've now become
a Spurs fan because all they do is win
they're amazing and they're led by Gregg
Popovich who is their coach he's also
the coach of the u.s. national
basketball team that's gonna provide
drama in a second
and he in Popovich is not one to hold
this time okay and he we already knew
that he was not a big fan of Donald
Trump but wait till you get a load of
the new quotes so here's what the coach
of the Spurs said I've been amazed and
disappointed by so much of what this
president has said and his approach to
running this country which seems to be
one of just a never-ending divisive
neskowin today about those who have lost
ones in times of war and his lies that
previous presidents Obama and Bush never
contacted their families are so beyond
the pale I almost don't have the words
okay so pretty harsh words there he's
referring of course the Donald Trump
coming back and going I hear the other
presidents never never called the
families of the fallen soldiers I hear
that and then when challenge that he's
like I don't know I don't know if that's
true why did you just say it if you
don't know it's true okay sir I know the
generals tell me that right so now
Popovich is also a US Air Force veteran
and he was particularly galled by those
comments and of course it's not true
yesterday on the show we showed you how
Bush and Obama have reached out to
family members repeatedly
so now Popovich continues talking to
Dave's iron who was a great sports and
political reporter and he says this man
in the Oval Office is a soulless coward
who thinks they can only become large by
belittling others this is of course been
a common practice of his but to do it in
this manner and to lie about how
previous presidents responded to the
deaths of soldiers is
as low as it gets a soulless coward damn
my bad apparently they do do monster
dunks in San Antonio so I just I can't
I'm gonna give you more devastating
quotes from Proverbs but I can't love
the Spurs any more than I already do I
remember the story of a player joins the
Spurs as many years ago and and he's
told to the practice starts at like you
know I don't remember the exact time now
but around noon or something and he says
okey good so I'll see you guys at noon
they go no no you'll see us at 9:00 so
why the practice starts at noon no
practice starts when the captain arrives
and who's the captain and when does he
arrive and back then it was Tim Duncan
and Tim Duncan like to start practice
three hours early oh I love these guys
hard work teamwork that's how you get at
a head not divisive 'no stand crazy
stuff that trump does anyway so along
those lines heart of a champion gregg
popovich continues he says we have a
pathological liar in the White House
unfit intellectually emotionally and
psychologically to hold this office and
the whole world knows it especially
those around him every day the people
who work with this president should be
ashamed because they know better than
anyone just how unfit he is and yet they
choose to do nothing about it this is
their shame most of all dagger as Kevin
Harlan used to say okay now I don't
normally do the tweets of people's
reactions but these were really good so
let me give credit where credit is due
Micah Adams writes in there's a six
billion percent chance Donald Trump is
going to publicly call for Gregg
Popovich to be replaced as head coach of
u.s. national team tick tock tick tock
any second now there's no way that
doesn't happen
Bart huh buck also with a great tweet
here writes in looking forward to
Trump's rage tweets on the failing Spurs
and loser coach gregg popovich winners
of five NBA titles in the last 15 years
tick tock tick tock any second now and
then finally I agree with Cher
who wrote in all I want is for people to
feel about me the way I feel about gregg
popovich yeah here brother totally agree
go get him Spurs and the social justice
warriors the Golden State Warriors that
are also not showing up to Trump's White
House well this is the one thing the two
best teams in the NBA can agree on sorry
King James but you know it's true help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
