and now the week in unfortunate mental
images stormy Daniels released an
excerpt from a book titled the
president's dick looks like toad from
Mario Kart I'm sorry
not sure if that's actually the real
name of his penis I mean book good god
but what's important here is this week
you pictured the naked president in your
mind and focused in on his junk Euler
region only to see toad it's an unlikely
turn for your relationship with the
friendly spotted mushroom who was once
your favorite Mario Kart character but
it's now I guess your favorite Mario
Kart character who looks like a
president's penis except for Luigi
because that's gotta be what President
Lincoln's dick look like am i right
ladies
am i right Mary Todd I'm right and this
has been the week in unfortunate mental
images welcome back to the happy
half-hour I want to go back to the fact
that the president's penis looks like
tone mm-hmm so we're thinking like this
for a while and then like a large like
you know those rice paddy hats that they
wear in my god ate in East Asia and
Southeast Asia Southeast Asia those or
sape toad I want to ask you a very
serious question how I can't wait for
this she said Yeti pubes yeah weird
penis oh yes truth but she also said
huge mushroom head do you think that he
was able as a narcissist to just hone in
on that word and be satisfied it was
like build it God is the word huge I
think he's happy he's there's no way
that he's he's sad about this weird
mushroom you know what happened is he
heard that and he's like what's this
Mario Cart and since then he's just been
playing with her he's been tweeting less
yep he has I want to play a game with
you John okay before you are a lot of
different video game characters uh-huh
we're gonna go through the truck White
House and play a little guessing game to
see what a each member of the Trump
House / cabinet and what their penis
probably looks like if it were a video
game character first up Mike Pence my
god pence Mike Pence his penis looks
like I want to say his penis looks like
Kirby
what's this character's name from the PS
the PlayStation game oh I don't remember
it's one of its the game where they're
all knitted yeah carefully together and
I think that that's what his looks like
because I bet he combs his pubic hair a
lot everything's in order
no the answer is no the answer to this
is the all of the different bobbleheads
you get in Bioshock Mike Pence's penis
looks like the Bioshock guy a hundred
percent it's like a raised thumb next up
who we got Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions
Jeff Sessions penis looks like dr. Mario
dr. Mario I don't see any racist
characters what are you talking about no
wagers Kratos is a Roman god I got
nothing off of this you don't got
anything
no what about King Hippo that's giving
him a little bit too much credit hippo
is a beefy guy do you think his penis
looks like tails from Sonic and Tails
are you asserting that the end of
expenses can spin what if his penis
looked like the feet of Samwise Gamgee
because they're both of it's like
durable roughened from use Oh God and
with a dense mat of hair earthworm jim
maybe next up who we got rudy guiliani
surely it's in Castlevania I don't know
what character it is but it's in the
game Castlevania I'm gonna say slippy
from starfox the first it's a character
that initially it looks like he's got it
together but the more you listen and the
more you're disappointed with his mental
condition all right let's see the next
Steve Madden Steve bannon's penis Steve
Maddens penises pac-man
haha no God if there was a person of
pac-man
that would be a boy back wha pac-man
next up Steven Miller I think this is
the last one oh my god oh come on who's
that is that Leisure Suit Larry Leisure
Suit Larry come on that's actually based
on Stephen
he's just sick Larry decades ago in the
LAT note his penis looks like Chumlee I
don't know why he can retract it and
they can extend fast I'm glad we played
this game oh my god just I can't wait
some regret playing this game thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT calm /join
