this is one of my favorite stories this
is so great Donald Trump talking about
his vice president Mike Pence first is
gonna start out perfectly normal not
normal for any other president would be
maniacal for any other president but
normal for Donald Trump this is I'm
quoting HuffPost but very fair that the
original piece and it's amazing a
longtime associate of Trump and pence
was quoted in the article the Vanity
Fair article saying that the president
likes to let his VP know who's boss okay
I'm sorry just said Vanity Fair I'm at
The New Yorker New Yorker did a great
job with this so so typical Donald Trump
Joe I'm gonna let you know who's boss
okay you you see you're the president
he's the vice president it's all already
exceedingly clear who the bosses but
you're paper-thin ego can't handle
anything so you gotta put other people
down he's such a small small man okay
now that's very normal for Trump so
we're moving past that the great part of
his story is how he treats Mike Pence's
religiosity so he makes fun of it now
the details are fantastic when people
meet with Mike Pence when they get out
and they see President Trump Trump asked
people who stopped by
Pence's office quote did Mike make you
pray number one what a child number two
I thought you were on the side of the
evangelical Christians it turns out when
they're not looking you're mocking them
you know what percentage of the
evangelical vote the Donald Trump good
did he get 55% well that'd be a solid
number 60% whoa I would be a gigantic
number 65 70 75 no he got 81 percent of
the white evangelical vote in this
country 81 percent and behind your back
he laughs at you I've got more details
of what he says to pence which are
devastating but first I wanted to remind
you what Donald Trump sounds like when
he's talking about religion now this is
a compilation put together by our
legendary co-producer jr. Jackson but in
the beginning he'll screw up Corinthians
and in the middle he'll go isn't that
what you guys like when talking to a
religious crime cuz he has no idea so
let's watch we are
praying for you and we are here for you
and I'm a believer big league in God in
the Bible Milania and I are praying for
every American we all pledge allegiance
to very very beautifully one nation
under God as I hear this is a major
theme right here but 2 Corinthians right
2 Corinthians 3:17 that's the whole
ballgame and we pray for the day when
evil is banished where the Spirit of the
Lord right where the Spirit of the Lord
is there is Liberty and here there is
Liberty college but Liberty University
but scripture teaches us the Lord is
closed is that the one is that the one
you like I think that's the one you like
is I loved it god Bless America is that
the one you like this is a guy
pretending to be all Almighty and
righteous etc 2 Corinthians 2
Corinthians is not the one you guys like
he wouldn't know a church if it hit him
upside the head okay so now to prove his
point now is there an issue more
important to avenge Oh Christians than
Roe versus Wade so when talking about
Roe vs. Wade
apparently Trump finds out that if it is
overturn the states would then have the
choice of making it legal or illegal and
a lot of the blue states would make it
legal anyway so he turns to Mike Pence
and says you see you wasted all this
time and energy on it and it's not gonna
end abortion anyway oh that's
devastating so let's review how the
different ways that that's devastating
number one he had no idea what Roe vs.
Wade did yeah of course if they get rid
of Roe vs. Wade didn't would go to the
States
again if you're a plumber you don't know
that that's fine if you're the president
and you ran a whole camp in aw man I'm
Vangelis I'm gonna look out for you
Rovers away to so bad no Roe vs. Wade
said that it was a constitutional issue
in the States could not make was around
abortion because there was a
constitutional right to privacy so now
but Trump doesn't do that at all at all
and he's like oh did you know did you
guys know that it turns out it would go
back to the states and they would get to
decide and then he mock Spence like back
you wasted all your time on it idiot
religious person moron
we're gonna keep abortion anyway wait
which side were you on Donald Trump he
has no ideology he has no principles
evangelicals you think he cares about
what you believe haha no idea what you
believe doesn't care all he cares about
is the real almighty in is mine which is
Donald J Trump one last one when talking
about gay rights now
a lot of god-fearing you evangeline
Christians who are completely and
utterly disagree with in this country
think well look man you're if you don't
let us have different rules for gay
Americans you're discriminating
yesterday right so I have to serve
anyone who comes into my store if
they're black or white ever this is
well-established principle I don't want
to serve some gays I don't want to make
it my cake I don't want to do anything
with them and I and there's other
different words I don't want to give him
a marriage license I want to be able to
discriminate
and and so you think Donald Trump's on
your side on that right no privately
when talking about gay rights he pointed
to pence and said don't ask that guy he
wants to hang them all so his perception
of evangelical Christians and as
representative by his own vice president
is you guys hate gays and you want to
hang them all so look it this is the guy
you vote for I didn't vote for him and I
don't agree with any of those positions
you know I think that abortion should be
illegal I think that gay rights should
be legal but apparently you so I'm
thrilled that with Donald Trump's
apparently secret views on this although
you might pander to you anyway and
might not affect it I'm it's not like
I'm gonna rest easy think you know don't
worry Donald Trump will do the right
thing but if you're an evangelist an are
you resting easy behind your back he
mocks you thinks you're a joke he thinks
you want to hang all gay people and and
and he's amused to find out that even if
you got rid of Roe versus Wade you
wouldn't end abortion anyway he thinks
that's funny if you think that's funny
great all right that means evangelical
Christians also never meant any of it it
had nothing if you continue as for this
guy knowing what you know now that means
you never cared about abortion you
didn't even care about gay rights and
there's some good news to that if you're
progressive like myself but apparently
all you cared about was who do you hate
if you hate the same guy as me I'm on
board bad things we were talking about
we're just getting that abortion who
cares who gives a damn
I'm with Trump man I bet idiot thought
you'd stop abortion who cares
who do you hate Donald Trump I hate the
same guy let's vote together okay so
that's what it was about apparently if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network com /join
