at the end of last week Donald Trump did
a couple of executive orders that were
potentially devastating to Obamacare he
wanted to make sure that if you're poor
that you are not going to get any
subsidies through the insurance
companies and then that has a number of
effects
it makes premiums go up rate it gives
you less money to handle those premium
increases great and it actually also
increases the deficit by 194 billion
dollars so there's actually no reason to
do it other than a dismantle Obamacare
because it has no up sites
premiums go up and the deficit goes up
it's a lose-lose proposition and Trump
pretty much admitted that that's why
he's doing it he said about his
executive orders attacking the
Affordable Care Act he said it's a step
by step by step and that was a very big
step yesterday and one by one it's going
to come down and we're going to have
great health care in our country and he
didn't mean the price is going to come
down they're going up he means he's
gonna bring Obamacare down by hook or by
crook and and Eric Schneiderman
is the Attorney General for the state of
New York 18 different states have now
sued the Trump administration because of
what they're doing to destroy the
Affordable Care Act which means that the
citizens of those states will now suffer
already one of the executive orders is
scheduled to cost 1 million people their
insurance let alone the increases in
premiums and Schneiderman said quote
this is an effort to simply blow up the
system and as the Bannen goes to the
so-called voter values summit where
apparently their values are to make sure
people don't have insurance so they
could die while pretending to be
pro-life and he pretty much admits that
Schneiderman is right in fact almost
used the same language to rub it in
here's what he said then you had
Obamacare not gonna make the CSR
payments gonna blow that thing up gonna
blow those exchanges up right
yeah people can't get out there what are
you gonna replace it with we don't even
have a plan what I'm gonna replace it
with anything you're just not gonna have
any assurance and if you do is gonna be
really expensive oh you do the states
are suing us because they think we're
blowing it up goddamn right we're
blowing it up and well then people won't
have health care who cares I told you we
destroy Obamacare I told you we destroy
everything in Obama's legacy Steve Banta
former chief strategist for the Trump
White House bragging about it Trump
himself basically bragging about it
which leads us through more of Donald
Trump unfortunately here he is at a
cabinet meeting talking about this let
me cut the CSRA wouldn't be meeting
that'd be having lunch and enjoying
themselves all right there right now
having emergency meetings to get a
short-term fix of health care where
premiums don't have to double and triple
every year like they've been doing under
Obama care because Obama care is
finished it's dead it's gone it's no
longer don't you shouldn't even mention
it's God there is no such thing as Obama
care anymore
of course there is such a thing as Obama
care it's the Affordable Care Act it is
not gone it has not been repealed he did
chip away at it and I think important
ways but Larry Levan one of the
preeminent health experts in the country
wrote I'm not sure what to call it
anymore but open enrollment starts in
two weeks with premium subsidies and
cost-sharing reductions intact so in
other words no of course Obama care is
not dead and you can tell what Trump's
being defensive when he does this those
senators are having meetings right now
because I went to destroy the system and
now they're trying to rebuild it oh well
that's good for you Donny
you must be so proud what is your
alternative I don't have one who cares
all you do is destroy things are one
more from Trump here this is an
Obamacare mess when the premiums go up
that has nothing to do with anything
other than
fact that we had poor healthcare
delivered poorly written poorly approved
by the Democrats its Westfall Obamacare
no no no look Obamacare has some issues
I think it's way over complicated
Medicare polls a 77% just let us in
Medicare works it's lower premiums but
did Obamacare lead to these particular
premium increases the ones that are in
the news today know that was Donald
Trump's actions so if you said hey
listen I bond with care premiums are too
high in the year 2013 very fair point if
you're saying that the increases that
are happening now is are because of
Obama not remotely true okay so original
projections indicated an increase of
seven point six percent in people's
premiums that's according to the state
of Pennsylvania and just go up and
they're acting Insurance Commissioner
says it is with great regret that I must
announce approve rates that are
substantially higher that one then what
companies initially requested so how
much higher well because of president
Trump's delivered disruption of the
individual market by discontinuing
cost-sharing reduction payments to
insurers and Congress's inaction to
appropriate these funds rates will
increase by an average of thirty point
six percent in the individual market
Pennsylvania made the mistake of voting
for Donald Trump he just increased your
premiums by thirty percent says yes so
what what's your alternative I don't
have one haha um blow it up Pennsylvania
you must be so proud
well done but whatever you do please
don't complain about how high your
premiums are because that's what you
voted for you voted for this buffoon
whose only mission was to destroy
whatever Obama did he has no plans to
rebuild he has no plans to make the
premiums go down or to have more
benefits for you guys when he said
everybody would be covered it was a
hilarious joke and the joke was on you
that's the state of the country right
now because
Donald Trump TYT membership gets your
commercial-free Young Turks downloaded
stream it podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
