hey everybody welcome to happy half-hour
web-only edition i'm brett erlich and
this is Sandra Day O'Connor former
Supreme Court justice thank you for
being here yeah the years have been
unkind Johnny you look so much better
yes her hair was perfect so the day she
did she died I don't know hey no I think
she's fine
do you want to see a snake video here's
a snake video so we have our first pair
of combat males for the season these are
in Kenmore Hills in the western suburbs
of Brisbane they're an evenly matched
pair of males people often mistake this
as mating but it is combat so they'll
wrap around each other wrestling to
compete and see who is some the
strongest and that will give them the
right to pursue the female it's
obviously in the area that was amazing
because of the like I like an arc in a
video I had an arc it did so that is a
woman who is a narrators sheezus expert
it's not necessarily the person in whose
house that was let's just talk about
what happened in the video there was
someone's house and there were freaking
cynics in it you know there were
sighting weeks in it's in a fighting
mood okay well at least they're moving
now because I started off thinking this
is scary their heads are moving in a
weird coordinated way but then I found
out that they're fighting each other and
I thought these lazy snakes are barely
moving plus the scary part of a snake is
in the mouth and they're not even using
it they're not they're like buddy damn
they look like children long I'm does
Thal are this tall and you know what
they say they're not meeting they are
mating in a way that's how guys relate
it's like watching like em what is it
I'm sure no the fighter you see handler
wonder that people fight oh you're
talking about a UFC FC okay there's no I
like watching em cns MMA
it's like watching MMA it's like any
items if it's it seems like they're in
love with each other
mm-hmm and they are because this is how
each of them expresses themselves and
afterward they're like you know what we
fought hard and that's it no but this is
what's so beautiful about it is that we
realize there
before they realize it this woman says
like these things fell out of her
ceiling so it's like oh that's fine
now I'm gonna be alright because I know
that these snakes are out of my house
there were snakes in your ceiling still
a mouse
you're never they took them out Oh she
also said I think these are the first
two of the Ute this happens how could
you sleep in that house you can see she
didn't she wasn't comfortable sleeping
in that house she didn't have like
sheets I were to have that house there's
no reason to live in Australia no not at
all but if you do get attacked by a
snake you know what to do start to wind
your head around it
like that oh you're one of us you're one
of us it's knowing you respect our
tradition I spend here likes thanks hmm
I would like to say this last thought
okay snakes fine I'm right in the face
are they your least favorite animal at
least flavor flavored animal it's flying
spiders I don't know if they exist in my
mind they did exist for a second because
of you fly tarantula would be the
scariest thing in the world
oh because you're like oh at least I
know that and when I see them dangling
I'm like oh I can control you by
grabbing the web if you couldn't do that
grabbing the web Oh
that's the whole point of a web is that
you win it you're playing the spiders
game okay so you're scared right now I
get in but think of it this way you're
bigger than the spider if I like a
billion that's not enough yeah I need to
be bigger John you gotten pretty big
lately goosh look at this look at how
much of that go like this yeah no I'm
not to go like this is going this
uncomfortable I feel like I'm with the
snakes now feel like I'm back with the
season no flex zone can I make you feel
better about about spiders please do
tarantulas did you know that if you drop
a tarantula from like waist height
there's a good chance they'll die
his body's really weak it's really sad
actually people are super like not safe
with the tarantulas
really they're still scared though yeah
they're the ones that like shoot like
you had spider-man yeah all right thanks
for watching happy half hour can shut
that catch out watch out the damage
report watch out for the damage report
it's coming at you watch the happy
half-hour please cuz we did shots of
this and it's really affecting me right
now and feel it
the Krakens got a tentacle it around my
cerebral cortexes leave my car at work
today on the go don't worry we got you
covered
you can still listen to t whitey at our
new podcast network find us on Apple
podcast at Google Play Store or at TYT
comm slash podcast
