an executive at Amazon is facing a lot
of heat following an accusation of
sexual harassment by a producer behind
one of Amazon's shows her name is ISA
Hackett and she is a producer behind
amazon.com inks show the man in the high
castle so after the Harvey Weinstein
accusations came out she shared her
experience her alleged experience with
Roy Price who is the executive behind
you know the Amazon streaming shows on
the platform and her allegation was that
in 2015 during comic-con she had gotten
into a cab with him and another
executive and at that point he started
propositioning her for sex and started
talking about his penis and how she
would love his penis it was a story that
broke by The Hollywood Reporter and it's
absolutely disgusting and shocking and
she you know came public with her
account now following this allegation
amazon has decided to suspend him they
released a statement saying that Roy
price is on leave of absence effective
immediately we are reviewing our options
for the projects we have with the
weinstein company these are tough
situations because they have to they
have to do an investigation
Weinstein Cosby Trump Ailes O'Reilly was
overwhelming right dozens of women in
most of those cases in all Riley's case
about half a dozen etc there were
settlements that were pay there were by
whether it was Fox News or Weinstein
stuff so it if Roy Price went around
talking about the things that they is
she eisah Hackett alleges you know it
would be really surprising about Mazon
didn't let him go and he had some
success there so there they got three
Oscars and and something that never had
before so they're of course going to be
careful about it and he's an important
executive there and I get it if he did
it
I think everybody's on the same page and
you know I'd be shocked if they didn't
let him go but we can't also jump to
conclusions on every single allegation
and I'm not doubting a Hackett's account
at all I have no evidence on this
situation and I don't know road price
from Adam okay
so I got no dog in this fight I'm just
saying that this is not like the others
in that it is one allegation and and let
them do the investigation and find out
yeah I mean as far as I know there are
no other women who are accusing him of
this but you it usually starts with one
person who finally feels comfortable
enough to come forward with her account
and what occurred and so I'm glad that
she did that and I hope that there is an
investigation it seems as though Amazon
is taking this seriously
whereas with all the other people that
you mentioned earlier jank it took a
very long time for you know some
ramifications with Trump he was elected
president so yes which is pretty
devastating but I like that now there is
Swift response and that people
understand the severity of this issue
and the other interesting thing about
this is this is the week that a lot of
the Weinstein stuff came down and it may
have empowered her to come forward on
this other stuff the the the tide of
Weinstein reports sometimes is what's
needed to bring out some of these other
allegations of ejections we don't we
don't know and both Anna and Jacob bolsa
then I'll sign on to that as well
having said that you know it's
interesting to see the Weinstein things
sort of fall into the same constellation
of like sexual harassment blood on the
floor as the as the other Cosby stuff in
other words the Cosby MO was recorded by
a bunch of people it's the same MO like
it's the cappuccino or it's the drink
right the Weinstein thing it's the same
thing it's the same MO that's the same
blood on the floor of the last one you
know he asked me for the rubdown and all
of this this is just a one-off so far so
it's it's hard to put it into any kind
of sort of plausibility or
implausibility we'll have to see well
what I also find interesting so this is
different from the other cases in that
there's one accusation so far but what I
do notice is like a similar trend or a
pattern with all the people who have
been acute these are people in positions
of power and they
apparently felt like they could do and
say anything without any consequence and
it's scary to think of what people are
capable of once they know they have the
upper hand and they do have a position
of power like this yeah it's certainly
that's a consistent feature by the
powerful guy who doesn't seem as though
it seems as though nothing bad can
happen to him that is certainly a
consistent feature of this one yeah look
if it's true to two notes two guys who
are considering similar things because
you would think like who the hell would
consider that except we keep covering
stories right so one st. a woman would
you like to see my penis is not an
effective line so just put it back and
don't do that it's a really bet it's yet
sexual harassment if you're in a
position of power and if you're not in a
position of power and you're a random
dude at a bar and you don't know the
person and she doesn't work for you or
anything along those lines it's still
not gonna work so and no very few times
in the history of humanity as a guy come
on be like hey you want to see my penis
a woman was like oh my god how did you
know the thing I was looking for I I
guarantee you if a woman wants to see
your penis she will tell you she will
ask she will solicit that penis image or
for you to whip it out like don't you
know don't assume that you have the
greatest penis in the world and that
everyone wants to see it because that's
just not the case
and and secondarily like I don't know if
you I think that I written one of the
stories that he might have been drinking
don't drink too much at work I can tell
you countless stories of guys who
thought it was fun to drink to get
hammered at work and then they say
terribly inappropriate things to
coworkers in every one of those stories
they get fired so be cool let's all we
have fun we have a Christmas party we
all drink right not all of us but a lot
of us and we have fun just be cool like
just just for God's sakes use some
common sense and I think Anna's right
sometimes the more powerful you get the
more you feel immune and hence you feel
like you don't need to do common sense
because you're untouchable come to find
out that might not be the case if you
liked this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
