a doctor working for a government agency
providing relief to Puerto Ricans has
just quit her job following her account
of what's really going on in Puerto Rico
and how some government workers are
essentially exploiting people in a time
of need for things like pedicures and
pampering now this was a story that was
broke by Rachel Maddow and the identity
of this woman isn't clear but we do know
that she worked for the National
Disaster medical system again this is an
agency that is working to provide relief
in Puerto Rico and according to the
doctor the disaster relief employees
quote used a triage tents that are
supposed to be for medical care and
instead brought in local Puerto Rican
residents to give the medical workers
cut-rate manicures and pedicures all
while on the clock she was also quoted
as saying that she finds this gross
misuse of taxpayer funds and abuse of
our privileged positions personally
abhorrent the doctor said that she
opposed the optics of NDMS medical
personnel responsible for seeing injured
in ill Porto Ricans who have no homes
food or supplies having a spa day on
taxpayer money which she found
personally a porn okay this is about in
eighteen different ways it appeared that
the Trump administration was fairly
indifferent to the plight of Puerto Rico
saying why don't you guys just help
yourselves and and then later tweeting
well we've been there for three weeks
how long are we gonna stay now we find
out that some of the people there not
only are not taking the time to help
people which is the number one problem
you're supposed to be busy actually
helping people eighty-three percent of
Puerto Rico still doesn't have power so
that you're there for a reason and a lot
of people have been hurt then to turn
around and waste taxpayer dollars by
spending the day getting manis and pedis
absolutely happy Ricans who are
suffering provide those menus in pain
that's the third one that's it's so
gratuitously insulting oh we're down in
Puerto Rico is so instead of helping
them let's get them to do our manicures
and pedicures how could you not see that
that's gross and you don't see that if
that's just your way of thinking like
that
of course that's what I'm gonna do here
right and and it shows an indifference
to their lives that has been a
consistent theme so far now how we've
treated Puerto Rico and their recovery
from Hurricane Maria the fish rots from
the head down right right I mean
certainly it's true that the the this
administration was slow to respond to
Puerto Rico and then of course when they
respond they respond inadequately and as
Genk says is sort of this short timeline
that the president has has referenced
and and then this is just I mean this is
insanity right I mean it's a it's like a
cartoon I mean it really it's like if
this were a cartoon you'd go wow that's
a little that's kind of in bad taste
these people are dying and then you do a
cartoon like this it's not a cartoon
they really did it yeah by the way great
credit to the veteran doctor who called
us out she's by the way worked on
humanitarian missions in ten different
countries so as someone who has done
amazing work to help people so when she
saw this offensive behavior she turned
it in and remember I mean everyone can
agree on this because if you're a
conservative and you don't care about
the people of Puerto Rico I don't know
why you would think that I hope you
don't think that I hope and service care
just as much you should be really pissed
at how they are wasting your taxpayer
money help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
