you know on the show we talked about how
the CIA has a six hundred million dollar
contract with Jeff Bezos and amazon.com
and we also showed you that Washington
Post reporters will dismiss that it
publicly and make you seem like you're
crazy to think that there's a conflict
of interest even though that's a massive
conflict of interest massive conflict of
interest so the idea that the Washington
Post reporter is trying to push on us is
that that Jeff Bezos doesn't have any
influence over this journalists well
this is from July of this year Jeff
Bezos bans Washington Post staff from
criticizing corporate advertisers on
social media son of a bitch I thought it
was crazy to think that Jeff Bezos would
try to influence his journalists isn't
that crazy
well no turns out the policy which took
effect in May now prohibits post
employees from using social media in
such a way that adversely affects the
post customers advertisers subscribers
vendors suppliers or partners so
basically just about anybody in the
world don't offend any raw group of
people according to the policy the
paper's management team reserves the
right to take disciplinary action
against violators up to an including
termination of employment a clause of
the policy cited by The Washingtonian
also encourages employees to rat out
other employees for potentially
violating the policy if you have any
reason to believe that an employee may
be in violation of the post social media
policy you should contact the post Human
Resources Department hey wow that's
gonna be fun at the company picnic huh
hey did you rat me out oh yeah I ratted
you out he was gonna rat him out let's
all get along what the it sounds like
something they would do in North Korea
it is their newspaper in North Korea the
new policy offers a simple loophole to
corporations that was to avoid criticism
from the post as becoming a sponsor if
the paper would quickly put an end to
any unfavorable coverage so who are the
advertisers of the Washington Post well
among the Washington Post advertisers
are corporate giants like
GlaxoSmithKline Bank of America Koch
Industries and with
new policies social media post
criticising clak-claks no Smith Klein's
habit of making false and misleading
claims about its products inflating
prices and withholding crucial drug
safety information from the government
will no longer be made by post employees
the policy also suggests that criticisms
of Bank of America one of the nation's
most lawless banks and a key player in
provoking the 2008 financial crisis will
go unvoiced as well as well.those as
well those regarding the toxic empire
that is Koch Industries an integral part
of the u.s. fracking industry long
before this latest policy was put into
effect some had speculated that the
connections between the CIA and the post
were already affecting its reporting
well let's hold off on that for a second
let's just get to this so now they can't
they're not allowing anybody who works
for the post to say anything of negative
about any really you can't say a
negative thing about a bank about a
pharmaceutical company about anybody in
social media if you work for the paper
of note or record really that seems
contrary to a free press and a free flow
of ideas in fact that sounds more like a
totalitarian style of management over at
the defender of democracy and remember
democracy dies in darkness and the
Washington Post is helping so what do
you say what do you think about this
team what is this
deeply deeply disappointing and I
understand the financial realities of
running a company like I mean I get it
like we have certain needs here and this
is one of the reasons why at the Young
Turks we've tried so hard to not depend
on advertisers and instead not rely on
on our members thank you for watching
the members are watching this because
look whether that's an actual policy or
not even even without it there are
subtle pressures it's hard to talk badly
about a company that's giving you money
that's what it did not take money from
them you know and and I think I
mentioned this before but there was a
time when we when an oil company wanted
to be a sponsor the Young Turks and was
a lot of money and I made the decision
to say no because then we can't talk bad
about that right
it would impact our our perspective and
our coverage so I also remember when the
Young Turks long ago was offered
double-digit millions of dollars to be
bought yes and Jenk said no we that's
correct and there was also at one point
a for-profit college that wanted to do
in million dollar campaign with us
really and we said no to that too
because you can't take money from
someone and then talk badly about that
now that here's with a post it's even
worse because they have an explicit
policy that that prohibits it so you
know that means if you have some
intrepid reporters in your ranks and
they want to go ahead and report on on a
sponsor even if it's uncomfortable what
not that are strictly prohibited from
doing so whereas at the Young Turks
we've never had such a policy so that
they can even if it's awkward I mean
look we have a couple of sponsors so one
of the sponsors that we have this
aspiration Bank so aspiration Bank is
one of those like Internet banks that
are trying to be social do-gooders so
you can pay whatever fee you want each
month is up to you you could pay nothing
if you want and they only take your
money and invest it in in this fund
called the Sequoia fund where none of
the money goes to prisons wars you know
anything that's anti-environmental it's
a very clean funds anyway I like that
brand and look it's not like we don't
need banks at all we need financial
services right so if we're gonna use one
I want to wean myself off of lost Fargo
and Bank of America and go to Pacific
aspiration so their sponsor and we we
happily sponsored them now if we let's
say we get a sponsorship from someone
like I don't know coke not coke
industries but coca-cola the beverage
will we do it probably now people are
gonna be pissed because they're gonna
say Oh coke is bad blah blah they did
bad things around the world and they do
but the fact that matters
I actually love coke Minoo I drink it at
least once a week Jake is a drink a six
pack a day so when we sponsor I mean
we're honest cokes positive right now
but will we take it I don't know maybe
probably but the point is
it's not good for for news companies to
be in bed with advertisers is bad
already
but then Washington Post is taken to a
new level when they explicitly prohibit
their staff from say anything negative
about their sponsorship because they're
this arc was exactly right if I'm a if
I'm a corporation's acting badly I throw
a little money at the Washington Post
that you know all the bad stories go
away
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
