so far this year since the beginning of
January nineteen days before he was even
sworn in as president of the United
States Donald Trump has told 1318 lies
to the American public so that was in
the first 263 days of this year
according to the fact checkers over at
the Washington Post 1318 lies in 263
days well let's do a little bit of quick
math here that means that every single
day of the year Donald Trump is
averaging a little more than 5 lies per
day it also means that he is telling a
lie to the public every four and a half
hours on average Donald Trump can't go
the time between lunch and dinner
without at least telling one lie to the
American public and he told one before
lunch and before breakfast and he's
probably got another one in him after
dinner why because that's clearly the
only thing the guy knows how to do
what's even more disgusting about this
story the 1318 lies in 263 days is the
fact that Donald Trump's supporters
actually believe all of this nonsense
that he's selling them they actually
believe the latest lies that somehow
this tax reform package is going to
result in more money in their pockets
when in actuality it's going to result
in them paying taxes 2% higher than they
currently pay and it's going to get rid
of a lot of the exemptions they use to
save money on taxes so they're gonna pay
even more than that overall 2% increase
but they don't believe that they believe
what the president says even though it's
based on no facts no figures no analysis
no statistics he said it so they believe
it they are sheep they're not the
smartest bunch which we've known that
from the beginning and I hate to sit
here and just insult them but at the end
of the day if a guy is told 1300 or more
lies just this year and you still
believe him
then yeah you got a couple of screws Lou
up in the attic there and I'm not going
to count you among the smartest people
in this country Trump's latest rounds of
lies all revolve around his tax reform
package which he's saying are gonna you
know result in trillions of dollars in
economic activity here in the United
States even though every single time
we've cut taxes on the wealthy it's
resulted in less economic activity
pushing us into a full-blown
recession but let's not forget some of
the other greatest hits of Donald Trump
there's Obama wiretapped me at Trump
Tower
there's my inaugural crowd was much
bigger than Barack Obama's theirs I got
a call from the head of the Boy Scouts
and he told me he loved the speech and
let's not forget I got a call from the
President of Mexico telling me what a
great job we're doing none of those
things ever happened and even some of
them like the pictures of the inaugural
crowd we spent millions of dollars as a
country investigating so that Donald
Trump could find out if those pictures
were photoshopped and people were
actually removed from the crowds and
editing this man is an absolute
sociopath there is something wrong with
him I don't know any human being that's
capable of telling 1318 lies in 263 days
and I live with small children who like
to steal treats and tell me that they
didn't they couldn't even imagine lying
this much Donald Trump has severe
psychological problems but you know what
else a lot of the people out there that
you see on his Twitter feed responding
to everything he says every lie he says
saying yes we believe you hashtag Magga
they suffer from the same kind of mental
deficiencies as Donald Trump because if
you're gonna sit there and fall for 1318
lies over the course of twenty two
hundred and sixty-three days then yes
not only is there something wrong with
the president but there's something
wrong with you as well thanks for
watching and if you like what you see
here on ring a fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our Channel
you can see the little subscribe
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
