last Friday there was a terrorist plot
that was luckily foiled at an airport in
North Carolina
now none of us heard about it it never
made the news cycle it never made
headlines until recently when the
intercept unraveled the case now Shaun
King reported on this and I'm happy that
he did because it gives you a sense of
why it is that some stories tend to go
viral and others don't now the person
who attempted to bomb the airport in
North Carolina was Michael Christopher
Estes there he is according to reports
the security footage from the Asheville
Regional Airport in North Carolina
showed a man walking through the front
doors wearing black clothing and a black
cap while carrying a bag based on a
review of the video the individual
walked near the entrance to the terminal
went out of sight momentarily and was
then seen departing the area without the
bag and that's according to the criminal
complaint that's been filed against
estes now what investigators eventually
found in that bag was ammonium nitrate
fuel only explosives that according to
criminal according to the criminal
complaint have been used in a number of
terrorist related incidents around the
world so when this is when this comes
into contact with a flame or other
ignition source it explodes violently he
even added nails or ball bearings to
this device to increase the devastation
inflicted by the explosion okay and keep
in mind that this is not you know oh we
suspect that this guy might have done
snow they they had the bomb and luckily
they were able to disarm it before
disarming it authorities discovered the
alarm attached to it was scheduled to go
off at 6:00 in the morning just as a
fresh round of travelers was scheduled
to arrive at the airport this guy is a
terrorist and if you think that there
needs to be some sort of ideological
thing behind it well there is the man
openly admitted to authorities that he
was preparing to fight a war on US soil
and that this bomb was but one part of
that war okay so let's break this down
number one I want to give credit I want
to give credit to airport security
wonderful job with catching that guy man
they see him in black they somehow
figure out that maybe they should
question him I want to give credit to
the bomb sniffing dog in a lot of years
of covering news I've never seen a bomb
sniffing dog actually work okay I'm sure
they knew I'm sure they do from time to
time but not a lot of those stories okay
no but in this case great job with their
k-9 unit and I want to give credit to
the authorities who have arrested him
and are prosecuting them okay so that's
that's great because we stopped it and
people didn't die okay now to the
discredit oh one more piece of credit to
the intercept that consistently those
wonderful stories like this and Shawn
King who's also by the way tea white tea
contributor and you could see his videos
on youtube.com slash tyt politics okay
out of the discredit in the heart of the
story come on guys again it doesn't
matter who you are it doesn't matter if
you're independent right you're liberal
liberal it doesn't matter at all you
know that if a guy who was Muslim was
stopped at an airport in the in North
Carolina and was gonna blow up travelers
in North Carolina and he had a bomb with
nails in it and ammonium nitrate and
fuel oil and and and said he was
starting was gonna start a war in
America wall-to-wall coverage non-stop
Donald Trump tweets all the news crews
are there etc and this terrorism is
directed against civilians and has a
either political religious ideology this
fits perfectly it's a white terrorist
and all of a sudden nothing nothing
nothing nothing that's amazing it's
amazing the hypocrisy in the difference
in the coverage one more thing they said
well you know some might say what was
foiled so that's probably why it's not
that biggest story wait a minute the
shoe bomber was foiled and we still take
off our shoes at airports because of
that one foiled plot from decades ago
the underwear bomber was foiled and
everybody knows who the underwear bomber
was Anna do you remember if those guys
were white Americans or if they were
brown Muslims I don't know if I remember
Jane can you remind me oh yeah they were
Brown Muslims and those four Oh plants
affected us for decades because of what
happened and now there's nothing I just
want us to stop turning a blind eye to
individuals that do want to cause harm
that's not to take away from
investigations into Muslim related
terrorism I just want people to stop
pretending like people like Estes
doesn't exist he exists he has an
ideology he wanted to cause severe harm
to people he wanted to start a war on US
soil this is the kind of stuff that
should be investigated and I'm so
grateful that airport security did their
due diligence and they followed up on
this and and luckily foiled it no one
got hurt but you know the country the
government unfortunately does not see
non-muslim right-wing terrorism as a
threat they think it's a non threat but
it is a threat this is something that we
should be very concerned about we should
be investigating we should have a
portion of the Department of Homeland
Security specifically focusing on this
type of terrorism as well we turn a
blind eye to it for racial reasons and
that is absurd okay we should keep
Americans safe regardless of the race of
the perpetrators now let's turn their
logic around on them why won't you name
it it just name it it'll go away here
I'm gonna do it for you it's right-wing
radical extremists okay and so if you
just name it I hear that oh by the way
that's why terrorism has stopped under
Trump right because all you had to do
was have the president name it so why
won't Trump do it I mean look I'm tired
of all those things that you know that
the right-wingers are total gigantic
hypocrites they don't actually care
about keeping us say we do you think we
go through these airports you think we
want Muslim extremists to bomb their
boards no we're in the airport
our families are in the airports we
don't want anyone bombing the airports
we also don't want right-wing extremists
blowing up airports the other side is
like well one's really bad it should be
a natural emergency which would all
rally around the other ones who cares
think about this like just to put
everything into context think about the
fact that whenever we accept refugees
from muslim-majority countries the vast
majority of those refugees are women and
children who have been vetted
they've been vetted so closely and
there's no evidence to indicate that
these refugees are gonna come in and
cause any type of harm to anyone but we
will ban them from coming into the
country while we simultaneously refuse
to investigate homegrown terrorism like
this okay so those this this guy that
tried to bomb an airport he poses an
imminent threat to Americans okay and
there are others out there like this I'm
not trying to fear monger I hate
fear-mongering but at the same time we
see this happening time and time again
and we have an imbecile running the
country who just refuses to acknowledge
that when it comes to terrorist plots in
a lot of cases race or religious
affiliation doesn't matter okay there
are extremists of all shapes sizes and
colors and when it comes to Islam a lot
of people lose their minds and it's not
just people on the right there are some
people who claim to be on the Left who
also like oh well it's hey why can't you
realize it's only the Muslims and
whenever there's a story of a non-muslim
doing it like don't cover it don't cover
it no what do you mean I'd nobody Sue's
Assad nobody so because nobody covered
it so okay look last thing Donald Trump
while he's obsessed with the real issue
in America of NFL players exercising
their First Amendment right by taking a
knee which you do when you're praying I
mean so this is the big issue in America
meanwhile there was a terrorist caught
trying to bomb and murder all those
people in North Carolina and not a peep
not one word because he doesn't care
about terrorism he cares about
demagoguery he cares about bigotry and
so those are the things that he
constantly pushes we got a ban the
Muslims we got to keep out the Mexicans
we got a
punish the blacks who are speaking their
minds and those guys in Puerto Rico do
they really need any help I mean they
didn't help themselves at all Oh things
are actually in danger there was a guy
who's gonna blow up an airport who cares
not not interesting it doesn't help me
with my demagoguery and bigotry that's
Donald Trump for you guys and
unfortunately the rest of the press aid
and abet that when they don't cover
important stories like this and whenever
there is an equal and similar story that
involves a minority they go ballistic
over it
give them the equal coverage we don't
ask for anything else help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
