the state of Louisiana is finally
undergoing some reforms when it comes to
its criminal justice system and there's
one sheriff who has been extremely
outspoken against these reforms Sheriff
Steve prouder of parish Caddo Parish
Louisiana now he's concerned because
nonviolent offenders could potentially
get released early and you know they
would also be they wouldn't be
prosecuted as harshly under these
reforms and the reason why the sheriff's
not happy about this is well these
nonviolent offenders provide slave labor
for us and so what are we gonna do if we
can't have that slave labor in our state
if you don't believe me just take a
listen place out there I don't want
state prisoners okay they are
unnecessary evil to keep the doors open
that would keep a few or keep some out
there and that's the ones that you can
work that's the ones that can pick up
trash there work release programs but
guess what those are the ones that
they're releasing in addition to the
addition to the bad ones and I call
these bad in addition to them they're
releasing some good ones that we use
every day to to wash cars to change the
oil in our cars to cook in the kitchen
to do all that where we save money well
they're gonna let them out oh it's
unbelievable
he's personally he's complaining about
releasing the good ones isn't that what
we're supposed to do okay so there's two
ways of interpreting this guy statements
about the good ones okay one is well
they're good guys and they should be out
of prison but they wash my car and
they're my and I use them to be my you
know cooks and stuff so I don't really
buy slave labor right right okay I enjoy
continuing to imprison nonviolent
offenders for lengthy periods of time
because they provide slave labor for me
the other thing is not much better
he might mean the good ones as in the
ones who will do what they're told to do
okay the ones that do my work the other
ones there
broken we haven't broken them in so
disgusting individual what did this
we're talking about people's lives right
we're talking about people who already
have their lives destroyed because they
were convicted of a felony a non-violent
conviction okay and oftentimes it has to
do with drugs something that you know
wasn't there a video recently released
of like the Dolphins coach snorting
lines of coke does he deserve to be in
prison should we throw them in prison
and make him do slave labor oh but
that's a white dude in power who's got
some money so we don't want to we don't
want to mess with him but there's a
bunch of people have no power whatsoever
and it's totally fine to keep them
behind bars destroy their lives and
force them to do slave labor so this
this sheriff could live his cushy little
life it's disgusting but Anna who's
gonna wash my car and and cook Mike well
are you a goddamn car you need to do my
own labor now remember the blacks are
lazy but I was gonna do all my work for
me if I can't unjustly imprison people
who aren't violent we imprison more
people than any other country in the
world while simultaneously complaining
boasting about being the the land of the
free no we love throwing people in
prison for nonviolent offenses okay
whether it's drugs or you know in some
cases if a woman is unlucky enough to
miscarry or have a stillborn in a red
state like Mississippi we'll throw them
in prison if they've ever had any
history of drug use I mean just there's
all sorts of disgusting stuff that
happens in this country and it's because
there is a profit motive okay there's a
huge profit motive by private prison
industries and by you know people like
this sheriff it's easy it's easy to go
after nonviolent offenders rather than
go after the real criminals and it's
easy to get that free slave labor
look there's great documentary of the
13th but there's many other things that
have been written about this and right
now there are more african-americans in
prison than there were black males in
slavery at its height there's a line of
history that goes through and and the
13th does a great job it's the
documentary on Netflix oh you should
watch that explains
once this slavery was ended they had to
figure out a different way to still have
free labor and to enslave people and
keep them down and one of the excuses
they found was drugs now
we've told you the stat many times
because it is really illustrative blacks
and whites do drugs at the same rate in
America marijuana specifically blacks
get arrested at four times the rate now
not necessarily for dealing not
necessarily for anything along those
possession okay
why because local sheriff's need their
cars washed and they'd like to have a
cook and they'd like to have their oil
changed so they were used to having
other people do their work for them
because they're lazy racists
so now they think okay good we found a
new legal way of enslaving people now
when they say you want to let go of the
good ones no the good ones are the ones
that do all my work for me and then and
then putting black police officers
behind him during this press conference
he's so disgusting
he really genuine like he is bottom of
the barrel when it comes to people in
America to be boastful about making the
good ones do this type of labor these
people have families they might have
kids and by the way if the racial angle
doesn't matter to you whatsoever you
don't care okay but you're mistaken if
you think this doesn't affect everyone
of course it disproportionately affects
minorities but the reality is again when
there's a profit motive if you're
powerless you could be targeted for this
kind of nonsense for a nonviolent drug
offense help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
