conservatives have aggressively gone
after liberals following allegations
that Harvey Weinstein had sexually
harassed or sexually assaulted dozens of
women now Margaret Hoover who is a
conservative felt the need to call other
conservatives out on their hypocrisy and
I just want to give her some credit
because I think this was bold I think
that this was very much true and I think
it takes guts to speak out against
conservatives and how incredibly
contradictory they are on this issue
take a look it's shocking to me how
differently the left and the right has
handled major sex scandals when Bill
O'Reilly and Roger Ailes were revealed
to be predatory I can point to two
people in the conservative universe who
said this is bad behavior and it is not
conservative one was Peggy Noonan one
was David French at National Review
nothing else from anyone else on the
left do you have movie star after
politician after US Senator
disassociating self disavowing
condemning bad behavior and a really
stark contrast culturally between how
the political left and the political
right to handle this situation
wow that was admirable I'm glad that she
said that because you don't hear that
criticism much on cable news Cuomo said
a few things about that as well but I'm
I'm happy that there's another
conservative pointing this out because
this isn't this shouldn't be a political
issue regardless of someone's political
affiliation or political identity it has
to do with people in positions of power
who use that position of power to prey
on those who have no power and I don't
care if it's a liberal I don't care if
it's a progressive I don't care if it's
a conservative if someone is preying on
others the way that weinstein has the
way that roger ailes did the way that
bill o'reilly did then they should be
condemned and i don't care about their
political affiliation whatsoever so
Margaret Hoover used to be at Fox News
and and they are they for a long long
time
circle the wagons
and eventually the executives because
partly cuz they wanted a multi-billion
dollar deal done in the UK change
direction but a lot of people on air for
a long time nope stuck with hail stuck
with O'Reilly no matter what and now
they're gleeful yes we found one liberal
as much as much of a prick as Trump
Ailes O'Reilly you know bowling whatever
you name it right so they're like oh
yeah what condemned condemned we want
you to good god no hilary condemned but
she didn't do it quickly enough no she
should have done it nanoseconds
afterwards she shouldn't even finished
reading this story she should have
condemned right away obama he didn't
condemn quickly enough okay now what is
that's a thing that didn't condemn
quickly enough
you know chris hayes pointed out on
Twitter today that one of obama's
daughters intern at the weinstein
company so obviously they didn't know
otherwise they wouldn't have sent their
daughter to enter in there so they never
knew and then once they found out they
condemned him you guys a lot most of the
right wing is martyred who were just
pointed out never condemned roger ailes
or bill o'reilly sean hannity just had
bill o'reilly on his show then turns
around goes
why won't they condemn weinstein that's
right why would they condemn him quickly
enough forcefully enough
why haven't they punch them in the nuts
yet okay hey so no no we know what it is
and in what it in what drives it is
projection and they assume that we will
protect Weinstein we as and progressives
right because they protect right or
wrong they're guys they've Sean Hannity
thinks yeah Roger Ailes harassed and and
assaulted many women to would take out
his penis and run around the room
chasing after women according to the
stories and that's why he was sued he
settled cases they made payments he was
fired it's proven over and over again
but I don't care he's my flasher he's my
guy and he gave my team yeah he's on my
team and and so that's so I love Roger
Ailes right so he assumes we will do
likewise but the reality is we don't
CAIR we condemned that kind of behavior
no matter where they are in the
political spectrum in fact Hartree ycs
excuse the day after it was even more
gross yeah so he did this apology and I
hadn't read the New York Times story it
I'm like oh the first half of that
apology sounds fine the second half is
really weird then I went back and read
the story and I'm like oh so the second
half of the apology was like I you know
I will be fighting against the NRA what
does the NRA have anything to do with
this it has nothing to do with it it was
him trying to pander to you know
liberals because he thought oh well
remember guys I'm on your side no no and
he's like and I will be naming a you
know I'll be giving more money in a
favor of women and how big naming it
after my mom and I don't want to let her
down dude you should have thought about
that before the potted plant okay and so
it's a little late and don't hide behind
your mom don't do that
so we're not like the right wing we're
not gonna defend you because you think
you're on our team so if those the guys
that did know him want to take a couple
of days and figure out did he actually
do it and then once they've they're sure
condemn him that's perfectly fine for
all those Republicans still defending
Bill O'Reilly and yes Donald Trump who
bragged about just like one scene I'm
famous so I can grab and grope them all
they like and all I like and there's
nothing they could do about it
he's the guy you voted for and all those
conservatives on airs still defend to
this day so please spare us your
crocodile tears about Weinstein you guys
are the ones who don't care at all if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm /join
