Megan Kelly's new show is apparently
having problems but the problems aren't
just for Megan Kelly the show is
performing so poorly that it's actually
dragging down other shows on the network
apparently Megan and Kelly today which I
don't think existed when I left is
attracting 32% fewer viewers than the
same timeslot on that channel a year ago
which that's that's trouble now
according to an unnamed source inside of
the show not only are ratings
plummeting since megyn kelly joined the
today franchise but the numbers show
Kelly's lead-in has also affected Kathie
Lee Gifford and Hoda as show as well
which follow us us straight afterwards
normally like you want a good shows that
then you do well they have taken huge
hits 26% ratings plunge and they have
tons of data from previous years to
compare this to so it's not difficult to
figure out what the important variable
is they're the unnamed source went on to
say too many people are tuning out NBC
Hoda and Kathie Lee had been a bright
spot in the mornings people are alarmed
mm-hmm so you know a lot of television
is about demographics who's watching
which channels at what time so there's
always different so women are more
likely to watch midday and historically
and today there's now bigger
african-american audience per capita
watching then then white folks and in
into at least for television certainly
it online is completely different
right and it is a much older demographic
on TV than it is online and you might
think hey older might help megyn kelly
she's from Fox News and the average age
of the Fox News viewer is a hundred and
eight I'm kidding but it's not that far
off it's 68 68 years old it was years
ago god only knows what it is right and
so but for whatever reason she's not
connecting with that audience Plus look
everybody's ratings are going down it's
television people are cutting the cord
yeah but so and give it a chance like
people panic too early and look values
my own experience when I first went to
MSNBC my ratings dipped a little bit
because there was three giant news
events that helped CNN it was bin
Laden's capture Fukushima and the
Egyptian revolution those are all
moments when people turn to CNN
Oh what's happening in the streets in
Egypt in the nuclear meltdown etc but we
just kept doing the show the the right
way that we knew we we were good at and
and we're gonna deliver on and then my
ratings went way up after those were
over and after I was criticizing
Democrats even more along with of course
my furious criticism of criticism and
and we wind up pulling out of it and and
actually having the highest ratings they
ever had at six o'clock which helped by
the way hardball because I was hard
balls lead-in and it was my lead-in at
five o'clock and then they repeated at
seven so people tend to panic early just
calm down let it find its audience and
and and its voice and I think that it
was a mismatch from the beginning and I
think that they're looking at it from a
old-school TV way of like oh she's a
pleasant attractive anchor with a nice
smile what we need in the mornings is a
nice smile this suddenly 19:55 way of
thinking I don't think that that's
applicable today at all and they thought
well we'll just take her and put it in
but the part that I think drives a lot
of people crazy and apparently also
including inside I'm inside NBC is their
salary yeah yeah so Matt Lauer is the
highest paid employee at NBC he gets 25
million dollars a year okay
megyn kelly is now number two all the
people who've worked at NBC for all
their lives I mean forget the camera
guys etc which you shouldn't okay but
all their anchors etc sorry Meghan's now
number two at 23 million dollars a year
okay so now some people got on our case
because they say oh my god you raised
twenty million dollars in in financing
to help your company grow one anchor who
got famous on Fox News for saying Santa
is definitely white okay
makes 23 million a year yeah and she
just puts it into her pocket she doesn't
build a company she doesn't get you a
nice app yeah you gotta have fun figure
out what that breaks down to per episode
of her show okay so so but look you know
likely it's guaranteed I think she
three year deals so she's gonna make $69
it's a matter what but there should be
some degree of accountability so it's
one thing if your ratings go down 32%
it's another thing if you're making 23
million a year yeah yeah and look the
reason that I I wanted to talk about
this thing we don't normally comment on
people's ratings like we don't normally
care about that but I think that it's
especially with her transition from Fox
News over and then the fact that she had
her interview show and then apparently
while I was gone she suddenly has this
new show it's the the phenomenon on TV
where once you're in like you're just in
forever
you could every one of your predictions
can be wrong you can say stupid asinine
things constantly it doesn't matter they
will shuttle you between shows and
formats and time slots until you
eventually retire and you don't at a
certain point even need to perform and
it's because they don't understand what
makes people watch something or not
watch something they just think she's a
name we can stick her in any kind of
show and the audience will go and she
didn't need to prove herself on that
network it was instantly 23 million
dollars that's crazy and people hear
that and they think megyn kelly making
the twenty three million dollars a year
how the hell does she know anything
about what my life is like
I mean she's not commenting on news as
much anymore but it's just such a
disconnect between the executives and
regular people and what they think
regular people want between regular
people and the anchors who live the
lives of Sultan's and Kings of the days
of old yeah and look it's not
necessarily their fault I mean if
somebody gave you 23 million you
probably take it I would it offers me
please
but it becomes a disconnect when
everyone you know in your circle is a
millionaire really really wealthy it's a
little harder apparently to care about
the minimum wage being $7.25 I mean that
that gets you about fifteen thousand a
year for her that's like I don't know
about a minute of her show probably five
to six minutes of one of her shows so is
it is it any wonder that the guys on TV
can't relate to you guys and they don't
even know it they add to that
like what do you mean no I know some
people in the middle class making
300,000 to 500,000 a year no that's
actually really rich just not anywhere
near your level of rich so yeah again
i'm not i'm i think they should give her
a chance
keep going let it try to find and let
her be authentic you guys are watering
her down she's gonna be a raging
conservative let her be a raging
conservative that's you're going to be
far better off and since they have such
expensive contract they'll let her run
for quite a while and so i'm not hating
on her and and god bless her we'd all
like to make that kind of money but
there is a disconnect between the folks
on TV and the rest of us for good reason
help us build independent media become a
member of the young turks TYT Network
comm slash join
