the wildfires that have been devastating
Northern California have continued on
until when we're you know filming this
video it's still going and we're gonna
reveal some of the numbers associated
with these fires numbers of people
killed and missing acres destroyed and
all of that and they're difficult to
grasp because we don't expect you know
in Northern California expect you know
they're gonna get a hold of it but it's
been getting worse day by day and it's
especially difficult because it is still
ongoing and those numbers are almost
certainly going to go up because things
like searching for people that isn't
even really happening yet because
they're still trying to contain the fire
itself so we're gonna show you video and
we're gonna show you pictures but first
just a quick update so far as of filming
time nearly 170,000 acres have burned
more than 500 people are missing in one
County alone and I've read that more
than 100 are missing in other counties
21 people have already died in the fires
more than 50,000 acres of burning in
just those two counties actually have
family living in Sonoma County and at
least 1500 homes have been destroyed
although that number is like the others
premature because these are areas have
been destroyed some of them it's
difficult to know exactly how many
because the damage has been so thorough
and you'll see in the video maybe we can
such a roll it as we talk yeah and that
it's not you don't have the the burned
frames of buildings you don't have some
damage to buildings you have complete
destruction of buildings with little or
nothing left in most cases oh my god it
looks like a new kid it even even with a
nuke some things would still be left
standing
so some updates right before we came on
air it's now was 1500 homes it's now
over two thousand buildings that have
been absolutely burned to the ground
it is now 560 people missing and if
you're wondering how in the world are
people dying I mean shouldn't we know a
fire is coming well before it it does
well in this case no because there is
huge winds and they are spreading the
embers throughout the area and it's
jumping to places they didn't expect and
so some of the stories of how folks died
in the fire is absolutely heartbreaking
out so here I'll tell you two of them
right now
one was a
twenty-eight-year-old guy in a
wheelchair and he couldn't get out and
so it jumped to his building another
case they were fine but to give you a
sense of the speed so they were in their
home they were fine next thing you know
there's a the fires jump to their
backyard and no like Jesus what the hell
is going on they get their 11 month old
kid out they get the wife to husband and
the brother out and then they said
within five minutes it was gone it was
and no have they gone yeah destroyed
okay like it had jumped in the house and
then thank God here you're seeing the
beginning of a few before and after
shots of particular buildings or areas
how they looked at immediately before
and immediately after the fire yeah and
then what absolute heartbreaking story
of a couple that had known each other
for 90 years literally one was a hundred
other one was ninety eight the gentleman
was a World War two hero and he had
lived through that and they'd met each
other when they were in grade school got
married had lived together for all that
time he died trying to get her out of
the fire and they both died in the fire
so it's this is this is among the worst
fire disasters in California history in
one area alone the tubbs wildfire in
Sonoma County in this particular
incident eleven were killed that's the
sixth deadliest fire in recorded
California history and our technology is
a lot better than it used to be in terms
of forecasting yeah in terms of being
able to put out fires and still it's one
of the deadliest fires in history yeah
yeah you shouldn't I run the outline of
help Wow look at that man that is
unbelievable and we uh so we talked just
a couple of months ago we covered some
of the large long-term wildfires that
have been going on and lives up in the
northwest and and getting towards there
from from the Midwest and obviously
these are devastating fires that destroy
huge areas of land often forests and
lasts a very long time and those are
still ongoing those are big problems in
a in a lot of the parts of the country
thankfully some of those areas are
relatively less populated and so that
the death tolls tend to be lower than
our bill
tend to be lower I don't think that we
have as much experience with densely
populated areas experiencing fires of
this sort and I read a lot about why it
was so devastating this area so
partially it is the wind but you don't
think of Sonoma as being a place where
oh yeah you know it for its wind that's
a problem but when an area that's
relatively natural still an area with
grass or a little bit of bushes a fire
sweeps through very often it'll consume
the flammable material very quickly with
like with grass it can literally take
just a few seconds and then the fire is
effectively dead because there's no fuel
anymore
but with man-made constructions like
homes and other buildings the fire
doesn't burn through very quickly it can
stay for a long time and combined with
the winds that provides embers to fly
off of the burning material for ten
minutes or twenty minutes or an hour
meaning that it tends to spread in more
directions around the initial area of
the fire and so like we said still go on
going maybe we can show on a few more of
these graphic ere seeing that amount of
smoke there so let me give a further
context here if they woke up we talked
about 170 thousand acres burned in in
California they woke up this morning and
it was seventy thousand more so it was a
hundred and then it was 170 thousand in
the morning because it's literally
spreading like wildfire and so and any
just the scope of the problem continues
to shock people it's now only 50 miles
outside of San Francisco so we're used
to wildfires in areas that are sparsely
populated as john was mentioning one of
these days that's not what's going to
happen what's gonna happen is it's gonna
hit San Francisco or Los Angeles or
another major city LA had that fire in
the valley just a month ago yeah and and
by the way it's in Orange County now
yeah but you know it hasn't hit a
massively populated area yet and but it
will imagine the evacuation troubles
that we're gonna have in that case yeah
in one of the counties they evacuated
25,000 people mandatory evacuation
they've evacuated everybody and they
said leave everything behind we got to
go right now right now back you 18
25,000 people is hard evacuating several
million people
is way way harder in LA the county and
the nearby areas has 14 million people
in it so I mean this is these disasters
are of epic proportions quick
clarification I said it was a guy it was
actually a woman Kristina Hansen it was
28 years old and in the wheelchair that
died in the fire and the and then 100
year old veteran of World War two was
Charles rippy and his wife Sarah who was
98 and then a further scope for all the
West 8 million acres have been burned
this year alone so in Montana the fire
raged for months and months of months so
we've talked about the wind we've talked
about the housing of course the the last
part that is incredibly important is how
dry it is yeah and and the the droughts
and the dry and land is absolutely
related to climate change the warmer
weather picks up the moisture from the
ground and makes it much drier which
makes the fires more severe
longer-lasting and and what you're
seeing in front of you the extreme
devastation is also because of climate
change yeah we could go through the
whole thing we've had to do it so many
times and unfortunately looks like it's
gonna be even more next year
and more the next time trying to get
especially Republican politicians to
understand that climate change is not
the caricature that they want to make it
out to be that climate change can
simultaneously cause in different parts
of the world dry conditions and more
rain mudslides hotter conditions and
colder conditions it can cause all of
those things the climate is changing
fundamentally extremely and nonlinearly
it's becoming worse now that was one of
the things actually on the documentary
that I you know it's great to I do all
the research and all that but I was on a
ship with the scientists trying to map
why it is that the ice is melting so
much earlier and so much more than it
used to and they actually had some great
data it's this is not a thing where it's
like oh the 10 years have been bad maybe
the next 10 will be bad we have no idea
what the next 10 are going to be like
because it's not expanding in a way that
we can easily map out and so we're
seeing the wildfires now god only knows
what story we'll be covering in five
years in the Young Turk
so John was just it near the North Pole
it's documentaries referring to his true
north which is gonna be on Verizon going
90 in a couple months and and look the
the right wing mocked the scientists who
was their data and science when they
said look the major cities will be
flooded this happened and then during
just superstorm sandy New York's Ground
Zero air was flooded then Houston
yeah massive unprecedented flooding in
Houston and then when the scientists
said you will have both droughts and
flooding you'll have great fires and
storms at the same time alarmist
ridiculous we're living in it
right now it's exactly what they
predicted and it is fire and fury and we
have messed with Mother Nature and and
it's only gonna get worse once the ice
caps melt and the methane is released
methane is worse than carbon if you
thought this is bad yeah buckle up and
brace for impact
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
