Harvey Weinstein the notorious Hollywood
film studio owner the person behind a
number of very popular films throughout
decades has been accused by dozens of
women of sexual assault sexual
harassment and in new allegations that
were uncovered by Ronan Farrow in the
new yorker rape now the accounts that
these women detail are incredibly
detailed and in a statement that he had
released last week he doesn't seem to
deny cases of sexual harassment however
he unequivocally denies that he ever
raped anyone however I want to give you
the details of what has been alleged and
we can get into other details later in
the story now according to Ronan Farrow
is reporting in The New Yorker in the
course of a 10 month investigation I was
told by 13 women that between the 1990s
and 2015 Weinstein sexually harassed or
assaulted them allegations that
corroborate an overlap with the New York
Times revelations and also include far
more serious claims now the story broke
with the New York Times publishing an
extensive piece detailing some of the
allegations against Weinstein and now
through the New Yorker we know a little
bit more about what allegedly happened
Weinstein and his associates use
non-disclosure agreements monetary
payoffs and legal threats to suppress
these myriad stories Asia Argento an
Italian film actress and director told
me that she did not speak out until now
Weinstein she told me forcibly performed
oral sex on her because she feared that
Weinstein would crush her she was quoted
as saying I know he has crushed a lot of
people before that's why this story in
my case it's 20 years old some of them
are older has never come out so a lot of
these women have very similar stories
where he would invite these women to
dinner or to his hotel room show up in a
bathrobe and then pressure them to give
him pressure them to give him naked
massages and then he would threaten them
if they said that they would come out
and you know share the details of what
had happened so not only did he talk to
for women that were sexually harassed or
assaulted but he also talked to 16
former and current executives an
assistant at Weinstein's companies and
they told countless stories of the same
pattern so like Bill Cosby had a pattern
where he would drug women and then take
advantage of them like Roger Ailes had a
pattern of inviting women to a place
where they would be alone and then
saying I could either help your career
or hurt your career and in the endless
cases that we've seen now Weinstein also
had a pattern he would some what people
some people call honey trap he would get
female executives or assistants to
invite the women to the office or
sometimes at night to a hotel so they
felt comfortable Oates there's gonna be
a woman there or a woman is doing the
inviting and then he would have the
woman sometimes be there in the
beginning and then leave exactly so he
would create an environment where women
would feel comfortable meeting with him
because they were under the assumption
that another female a female executive
would be there and that they wouldn't
have to worry about any type of you know
risky behavior but oftentimes what would
happen is the female executive would be
there momentarily and then she would or
temporarily I should say and then once
she left that was when he allegedly
would prey on these women and much like
the Bill Cosby allegations these were
all women who start were just starting
their careers so they were looking to
really establish themselves and he used
that as an opportunity to take advantage
of them Gwyneth Paltrow and Angelina
Jolie to ageless celebrities who have
absolutely nothing to gain from making
anything up have talked about their own
experiences being sexually harassed by
him then there's giant stars like Ashley
Judd Mira Sorvino Rosanna Arquette but
usually earlier in their careers earlier
in their careers exactly so Angelina
Jolie said that she experienced sexual
harassment and said that she would never
work with him again with one of Paltrow
I thought it was actually very
interesting because she said she
experienced similar sexual harassment
and let Brad Pitt her boyfriend at the
time know about it Brad Pitt allegedly
confronted Weinstein about these
allegations but it's unclear what
happened
after that but look so in the old days
which are all the way up to now okay
there's a lot of power in in Hollywood
and so if you want to access the
celebrities some of those powerful folks
whether they're the heads of studios a
very powerful power not just directors
and producers but sometimes actors as
well could quash stories I don't want to
get into all the rumors of all the
different stars in the stories that
they've quiet some understandable some
not so understandable because they want
to protect their private lives but when
you get into issue like this Weinstein
was one of the most notorious in
wielding his power against his enemies
or people that he felt crossed him and
and also by the way doing right by the
people who were on his side I mean if
you're wondering why is this such a big
deal and how did he have all this power
the movies that he helped put together
have over 300 Oscar nominations and
things like pulp fiction and crying
games Shakespearean love The King's
Speech and it goes on and on and on and
he is affected the careers of so many of
these giant stars and made so many
people so much money and given access to
reporters at all those different levels
and hence their ability to influence
people and why that actress among many
others thought they would be crushed if
Harvey Weinstein wanted to get them
right and i 100% believe that he would
crush them right because he had that
kind of influence he had that kind of
power within the industry and so you
know the same argument was made by us
when we were covering Bill Cosby and
this takes the situation to a whole new
level because Cosby of course had fame
and fortune but Weinstein had even more
influence and so if you are starting out
you're a young actress and you're
confronted with these you know sexual
advances a if you deny those sexual
advances there's a fear the first of all
there's a power imbalance right so
there's also a fear that they'll be
retaliation for denying those advances
and then if you speak out if you report
it to the authorities things could get
even worse and we actually have a
specific example of that okay so
there was a Filipina actress who
experienced sexual harassment by Harvey
Weinstein her name is Ambra Botti Lana
Gutierrez and apparently they cross
paths and he groped her breasts she
alleges he groped her breasts she
immediately went to the NYPD and let
them know what happened and they put
together a sting operation and through
that sting operation they were able to
obtain the following audio listen
closely
I need to do a thing I please I swear I
won't just sit with me don't embarrass
me in the hotel you're all
please I'm not going to do anything I
swear my children please come in on
everything I'm a famous guy please come
in now and one minute and if you want to
leave when the guy comes with my great
please I'm sorry just today so he
confessed to groping her breasts in that
in that audio right and the NYPD decided
not to press charges against him because
of a lack of evidence which i think is
pretty incredible when Gutierrez went to
the police all of a sudden negative
items about her sexual history began
popping up in the gossip pages in New
York papers what a interesting
coincidence that happened this is my
main issue with Bill Clinton back in the
day look I don't think that a guy should
have been impeached over oral sex that
was consensual but the way that he went
after Monica Lewinsky was disgusting and
he impugned her character pretended that
she was crazy and they did a character
assassination of her yeah politics right
but that's dirty politics and so that
was deeply disturbing back then and I
criticized the National Organization
women back then for not being nearly
aggressive enough in criticizing Bill
Clinton now in in this case here we have
Harvey Weinstein you know whatever you
want to call pretending to be a liberal
or actually being a liberal on other
issues guns whatever right but in his
personal life doing these disgusting
things and then not only pressuring them
you heard it for yourself there and
that's a small part of it that doesn't
even have that's not among the worst
cases and but on top of that you saw him
there cajole her with like hey if you
don't come in now that you know that's
it
I won't be able to talk to you anymore
in other words you're not going to get
any more jobs and some of those bigger
actresses like Sorvino and Arquette said
yes that there were punishments and they
lost jobs either with his company and
that they believed he would talk about
them to others and prevent them from
getting jobs to use your power to crush
the powerless and while you're preying
on them and then when they don't go
along with you to do it publicly it just
it doesn't get worse right the character
assassination and and that's exactly
what happened with Gutierrez and she
ended up settling with him out of court
which you know there's evidence that
there were as many as eight settlements
out of court to kind of hush these women
up and she also signed a nondisclosure
agreement which indicates that she can't
really talk to the press about what
happened so this is the kind of you know
intimidation tactic that he used with
all of these different women and now the
story is really coming to light so no
yeah just quick updates because there's
so many layers to this story so the
original New York Times story has eight
women and the settlements and then there
is the female reporter that said that
she was captured and basically in a
hallway you've got the exact I have the
exact portion of Rowan's reporting that
that states what happened okay there was
a local news reporter and apparently she
was at a restaurant with him and he had
her cornered and tried to make sexual
advances she denied those sexual
advances and at that point he began to
masturbate in front of her and
ejaculated in front of her you know I
believe in a potted plant yes that's
right so what he did the same thing
where he's like here let me show you
around just come with me just come with
me he takes her through the kitchen
there's other people in the kitchen it
looks fine but then he tells the people
in the kitchen to leave then they're
leaving the kitchen and now she's stuck
in a hallway where she can't get past
them yeah to get back into the kitchen
and out and so she's stuck there and
first he asked her to participate she
won't then he says then just shut up and
stand
and and he does what he's going to do
and the reason it seemed like he was
inviting the other woman that you heard
on tape is because sometimes what he did
is he would have them watch him shower I
mean the arrogance of folks is amazing
but he got away with it for so long for
decades right and and what's amazing is
that it was like this dirty little
secret
like people had rumors about him they
had heard the rumors about him he had a
reputation
look I don't follow Hollywood at all I
barely even know what's out in theaters
so I was completely I didn't even to
keep it real I didn't even know who
Harvey Weinstein was okay not even a
little bit but for those who are in that
industry and are in that business it was
like this rumor this this known
reputation that no one really wanted to
dig into and the reason why these
stories snowball is because as Ronan
Farrow puts out on the piece look this
is not our original pointing it's the
New York or Ronan Farrow and New York
Times did a great job with this so and
and what Ronan said is he's so powerful
that it's really hard to get people to
say it on the record because they've
seen careers ruined so but after one
story comes out then they feel liberated
and go yes I'll go on the record yes or
on background but I'll tell you exactly
what happened because they get a sense
okay he's done so he can't hurt us
anymore
exactly yeah so it kind of opens the
floodgates because that that level of
intimidation doesn't exist anymore
yeah and so we saw that same pattern
with Roger Ailes too he would threaten
your career and as long as he was in
power he could and sometimes did end
your career
or and and a lot of actors are saying
this they the reason they didn't say
anything they claim is one it was rumors
so they couldn't corroborate it and
they're not journalists and they
couldn't go out and make public
statements unless they knew for a fact
right and number two they thought that
so like the rumors were not that he was
sexually assaulting them is that they
were willing participants right and they
didn't want to smear the actresses by
spreading those room
around because it might ruin their
career if people thought that's how they
got their job right so that was what
George Clooney told The Daily Beast in
an interview he said like I thought
all right he's using his position of
power to convince women to sleep with
him but they're willing participants in
that I had he was afraid that that was
gonna negatively affect their career if
you go talking about that look you can
make that of that whatever you want you
could say they should be more courageous
I should have investigated ation to work
with them and now my that's all fair
points
I think getting into the nitty-gritty of
blaming everyone who knew Harvey
Weinstein is not productive at all
because they didn't do this and they had
no idea the degree to which they were
doing they weren't there with him and
the potted plant they so so for people
who knew some fought back some didn't
and don't blame the victims either so we
it appears based on this reporting we
know who did it he's been fired from his
own company the company apparently is
going to even change the name because
it's called The Weinstein Company he
started with his brother Bob and and so
he his career appears to be over
yeah and and if these stories are
correct it's about time and I wish that
the reporters were able to get these
stories out earlier because he kept
doing it they say until 2015 so if they
had actually reported it 10 years ago
when they had some of the story it might
have saved a decade of further sexual
harassment and potentially assault
support independent media come join us
at the Young Turks TYT Network dot-com /
join
