wildfires are ravaging both northern and
southern California and unfortunately
there have already been fatalities
although authorities say that the toll
the death toll is expected to increase
now the fires in Northern California are
mainly impacting a Sonoma and Napa
counties this is wine country
in California and unfortunately at least
15 people have been killed and the fire
has torched 115 thousand acres of land
in this area there are actually 17
wildfires some fanned by up to 50
mile-per-hour wind gusts whipping across
parched terrain loaded with tinder and
they forced about 25,000 residents to
evacuate and destroyed at least 2,000
homes and commercial buildings now what
made the fire worse and allowed it to
spread so rapidly were the the gusts of
wind luckily today the winds have slowed
down considerably and they're hoping to
control the fire as soon as possible the
fire's torch 20 thousand acres in about
12 hours on Monday alone so we have a
short video to show you of the fire
that's taking place where the fires that
are taking place in Northern California
let's take a quick look at that
in flames completely in flames
man that's a hell of a thing man so as
she was saying this is my neighborhood I
was thinking about the neighborhood I
grew up in New Jersey and if I saw the
whole thing in flames like that mm-hmm
that's a hell of a thing so we'll get to
the root causes in a second but more
devastation first yeah so um Governor
Jerry Brown of California has called a
state of emergency he says this is
really serious it's moving fast the heat
the lack of humidity and the winds are
all driving a very dangerous situation
and making it worse it's not under
control by any means but we're on it in
the best way we know how and he has also
asked Donald Trump to provide federal
funding to help deal with not only the
fire but also provide relief to
residents who have lost their property
who have lost their businesses we know
that as of now at least one winery has
been completely destroyed and then when
it comes to Southern California there is
an uncontrollable wildfire in Orange
County and it's it's just as bad we have
video of that as well let's take a look
at least six homes in Anaheim Hills
California
near the banner Hill area for those of
you who are familiar with Anaheim
California
it's a wind-driven fire that has just
gone from house to house to house it
started earlier this afternoon and it
has really progressed quite rapidly
they are expecting more homes to go up
we keep losing and gaining that live
shot because of some of the conditions
it's dangerous to have the chopper up
because it's so windy so this shot may
go in or out this fire is actually big
enough so that you can see the smoke and
the glow of it from Disneyland so you
know both fires are still not contained
and hopefully now that the the winds
have died down a little bit firefighters
will be able to control the situation
so in Montana fires were raging for
months
and so I have there always been fires
yes if there's fire season in Montana
and in in northern parts of the country
there's almost always fires California
has fires the question is how bad are
they and how long do they go for and so
there's a couple of contributing factors
in this case you have one thing they had
to the best of my knowledge has nothing
to do with climate change at all it's
just the wind and the wind is making it
worse okay
but the one thing that does have do with
climate change and is making all of
these fires worse and way longer than
they normally would be is how dry the
land is so this is exactly what they
warned us about and we've shown you over
and over again the presentations where
the scientists explain that when the
temperature is hotter it's not just that
you're going to have a situation where a
liar is more likely it sucks up the
moisture from the ground so and it also
sucks up the moisture from the ocean
that's why you have more severe
hurricanes that dump more water in
places like Houston but ironically so
when it picks it up from the ocean it
dumps it on us and that's why you'll
have flooding but ironically when it
picks it up from the land it makes the
land really try which makes us fires
more likely more severe and
longer-lasting so that is why you're
having in the western United States
right now out of a control raging fires
past the season and and and it's they're
very hard to contain so when people talk
about oh I wonder what it will be liking
when climate change happens no no we're
in that era right now just because the
whole planet has not already melted down
does not mean that climate change is not
having effects today it is this is
climate change this is part of what
happens so you can't blame anyone
particularly or any one particular storm
on climate change but when you see it in
its totality and and the fires have been
way outside of normal it this season and
this year in the western United States
you begin to realize yes this is exactly
what the scientists warned us about
right so drought is definitely a
contributing factor to the severity of
these wildfires and drought especially
in California has
always historically been a problem but
what we're noticing because of climate
change is the period of time that a
drought takes place so for instance
California was experiencing a drought
for a little over five years which was a
record length of time and again that
exacerbates the wildfires the drier the
conditions are the more rapidly these
fires will spread especially when you
also add the wind and the gusts and it's
it's very similar to the discussion that
we had about these hurricanes hurricanes
of course have always happened but the
question is have they always been this
severe and the answer is no things have
become a lot more severe because of
climate change exacerbating the
situation look you don't want to trust
us that's fine you don't want to trust
97% of the world's science today
scientists today okay I think you're a
lunatic but that's fine why don't you go
back and look at what the scientists
said earlier there's a machine now
called the computer on it is the
Internet and within that is a thing
called Google and you could just use
that to look up for yourself what the
scientists actually said before all this
started happening and they told you that
we would have more floods and we would
have more droughts we would have storms
that were more severe and fires that
raged longer and then that is exactly
what has happened they said that the
planet was getting warmer and every year
the temperature would go up they didn't
even say that because they're very
conservative in their estimates they
said it is likely to go up a little bit
in fact it is the temperatures have gone
up way higher and in a quicker clip than
the scientists predicted so go back and
look at what they said look at what has
happened and you will understand
we're in climate change this is what it
looks like and right now it's literally
burning our house down if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
