now I'm no fan of bob Corker I think
he's a deeply right-wing he votes the
wrong way almost every time he's a
Republican senator from Tennessee but
now he's in a beef with Donald Trump
he's right about this one health the way
that he got right is by being less wrong
than Donald Trump
so Trump had it hacked him
so of course who doesn't Trump attack
because apparently during his dust-up
with Tillerson corker supported
Tillerson and said Phyllis's want a few
guys keeping us away from chaos Trump of
course with his incredibly thin skin
took that personally and decided that he
was going to attack corker publicly
which is unbelievable even if the
senator was in an opposing party it
would be unbelievably your own party it
is unprecedented and he went around
saying that oh yeah you know I wouldn't
endorse him and that's why he got out of
the race and he didn't have the guts to
run of course all those were lies what's
new so now after corker he gave the
interview of the New York Times saying
he's worried about Trump accidentally
starting World War three and that
everybody at the White House is on pins
and needles trying to make sure that he
doesn't drive off the road every single
day Trump of course gets even more angry
and he tweets out the fairly New York
Times set little bob Corker up by
recording his conversation was made to
sound a fool and that's what I'm dealing
with so he's got a new nickname for bob
Corker it's ingenious little bob Corker
bob is apparently five foot seven you
got him boy that's clever should never
question your IQ again if obama did say
hey little chuck schumer you got tricked
you idiot haha
biggest scandal in eight years of his
administration but he would never do
that because he's an actual smart person
and has any sense at all so now is it
true to the new york times tricked him
of course not of course not
go to Target Points Memo on this The
Times Jonathan Martin who conducted the
interview said Tuesday that corker had
to
on the line also recording and they made
sure after it ended that I was taping
too according to the times transcript of
the interview corker noted it at its
start quote I understand we're on the
record see but again he Trump doesn't
have the mental capacity to understand
anything so if you're talking to a New
York Times reporter are you on the
record of course of course you're on the
record he called them to be on the
record they didn't dupe him he wasn't
tricked but Trump is too much of a child
to understand it it's like haha they
were recording it I got you a little Bob
oh god mentally challenged we're gonna
talk about that in a second on Tuesday
the Times published audio of corker
telling Martin referring to the Senators
aides quote I know they're recording it
and I hope you are too
of course all right now one little side
note here don't worry and that's why we
got Joker's to the left of me and clowns
to the right of me and I'm stuck in the
little with you oh yeah anyway so is it
gonna hurt their efforts at tax cuts now
look corker says I don't know I'm really
concerned about the one and a half
trillion dollars that it would add to
the deficit maybe if he takes it
personally no but reality and he's not
running if he was running again he'd be
like oh the daughters want it oh yes sir
absolutely sir but Trump is sure that it
won't affect the tax cuts because of
greed anyway here's what he had to say
about that I don't think so no I don't
think so no I think we're well in a way
it's very the people of this country
want tax cuts they want lower taxes with
a highest taxed nation in the world none
of that is true we're not remotely the
highest tax nation on earth and the
people of this country do not want tax
cuts in fact they owe huge majorities of
the country want tax increases on
corporations and the rich so all that's
an absolute lie but likely he'll get
quarters vote anyway there's no matter
how much he's personally aggrieved by
Donald Trump he is bought and paid for
by the donors so but this is not the
first time that he's gone after corker
and
Haight he apparently used it to make
really important decisions this is even
more mental this Peter Baker of the New
York Times reporting this in labeling
mr. corker little the president was
evidently returning to a theme
he considered mr. corker for Secretary
of State during the transition after
last year's election but was reported to
have told associates that mr. corker at
five-foot-seven
was too short to be the nation's top
diplomat this is how the guy makes
decisions no matter how many times I
hear it and see it it's unbelievable
every time he he said that he was
considering Mitt Romney for Secretary of
State because he looked like he was out
of central casting he looked like he was
right for the role Mitt Romney
devastated you during the elections yeah
but he looks right he apparently did not
consider Chris Christie there's a number
of reasons one of them was that he was
overweight he doesn't trust anyone who
is overweight and looks slovenly dude
you're overweight have you ever seen
yourself golfing but no no this is how
he makes decisions based on people's
appearances not their intellect not
their experience not whether they're
right for the job he's an absolute child
recently a group of esteemed
psychiatrists came out with with a
letter asking Congress to please act now
they of course did not analyze they
didn't give specific therapy to him when
no one apparently has he says he doesn't
like introspection because he literally
said he wouldn't want to know what he
would find out about himself well it's a
rare thing he was honest about but
anyway they put out this letter letter
saying it no longer takes a psychiatrist
to recognize that alarming patterns of
impulsive reckless and narcissistic
behavior regardless of diagnosis that in
the person of President Trump put the
world at risk we now find ourselves in a
clear and present danger especially
concerning North Korea in the
president's command of the US nuclear
arsenal so NASA some of the most
esteemed psychiatrist in the country
including professors and psychiatrists
from Yale and other top colleges saying
for God's sake somebody do something
this guy is obviously not mentally
stable section 4 of the 25th amendment
reads as such whenever the vice
president and majority of either
principal officers of the executive
departments or such other body as
Congress may
by law provide transmit to the President
Pro temp of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives their
written declaration that president is
unable to discharge the powers and
duties of his office
the vice president shall immediately
assume the powers and duties of office
as Acting President this guy does not
have the mental capacity to be president
I'm sorry to report that I here this is
an issue that I'm I guess it was a
little bit wrong about before I think I
voted no on this poll explaining hey
this is a bad precedent we asked you
guys in a poll we did earlier tea white
tea network.com / 25th is the president
stable enough and should Trump be
disqualified from the presidency for
mental incompetence I didn't want this
standard being used against people based
on whether we just disagreed with them
or that they were just because they were
unintelligent otherwise Bush should have
been taken out of office as well and you
know the establishment can use that
against others so I voted no that he
should not be disqualified well you guys
disagree with me because 70 percent of
you voted yes where I keep that voting
open and I'm switching my vote so he he
does not have the mental capacity to be
President of the United States it is an
absolute danger to the world that he has
the nuclear arsenal at his disposal he
is a man-child to go around calling
fellow Republican senators little bob
corker to not choose them for important
posts based on their height to attack
them over and over again with
pathological lying and and to sink to
this level when you're the President of
the United States are you really even if
you're a Republican even if you're a
deep right winger you're really
confident about the decisions he's gonna
make on the world stage that if kim
jeong-hoon or any other world leader
insults him in the wrong way that he's
not gonna launch you're positive really
no you're not
everybody watching knows that you have
no idea what Donald Trump's gonna do you
know why because Donald Trump doesn't
know what he's gonna do it depends on
the moment as bob Corker explained from
all the sources inside the republican
caucus and inside the White House
they're all scared to death what do you
might do minute by minute
because he constant
changes his mind all he cares about is
his own ego he goes down to Puerto Rico
throws towels at people and then says
they loved me they were cheering me what
focus on the hurricane the people who
lost their lives in the recovery no well
it was a great moment for me I had
politicians praising me oh it was
terrific it was crazy how great it was
this guy does not have the capacity to
be president god knows what he's gonna
do you don't know what he's gonna do
from moment to moment and he has nukes
at his disposal we got to get him out so
I vote in the poll tea white tea
network.com slash 25th more importantly
if you're inside the White House you're
inside Congress for God's sake do
something bob Corker you just let
everybody know that most of the
Republicans actually believe that he's a
danger to the world and might
accidentally start World War 3 then do
something about it you're a United
States Senator
you have the power to begin these
proceedings there already exists a bill
in the House Jamie Raskin proposed it
it's already got a couple of dozen
sponsors it's got to have more because
it isn't about a simple disagreement it
isn't about a person who is not that
bright otherwise you'd have to
disqualify most of the Republican
presidents but if this is something
different it's at a different level
there's something wrong with them we
gotta get him out I know I keep saying
it but you look I'll say one last thing
about it everybody thinks oh it's
politics and you guys don't like them
and that's why you want to get them and
haha and he won and are you guys are
this or you guys are that and and the
stock market by the way the greed is
endless it just goes up every single day
all right
because they're like who care is danger
to the world blah blah blah blah blah
I'm gonna get trillions and tax cuts
okay I know in your avarice and in your
endless greed you're looking forward to
those tax cuts but we're not kidding and
you're gonna see it and I and it's gonna
be the thing that I'm most upset that I
am right about he's gonna do something
monstrous that's who he is he has no
bounds there is no bottom to the barrel
he has no intellect whatsoever
he's gonna do something monumentally
stupid that is gonna hurt the whole
planet I mean forget the fact that he's
already done it in a long-term past with
climate changes said I'm not talking
about that I'm not talking about regular
politics you are under estimating how
stupid he is you're under estimating
what a sociopath he is he is going to do
something that is going to hurt the
whole world it is going to be in
arguable it isn't about politics you got
to get him out tick tock tick tock are
you kidding me
Mike Pence is actually way more
conservative than Donald Trump
Mike Pence is way more competent than
Donald Trump Mike Pence might actually
get some conservative ideas passed I'm
telling you go to Mike Pence this isn't
about politics this is about this guy
who's gonna ruin millions of lives I
hope to god I'm wrong but I'm not help
us build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
