now Donald Trump stood on the warpath
fighting to make sure that NFL players
are not protesting police brutality now
this is a very important issue / one
that he decided to take on when there
are far more important issues that a
president should be talking about
actually if he cared about police
brutality that would be a monumental
issue to talk about one way or another
but he never talks about that he just
pretends as if the kneeling during the
football games that Colin Kaepernick
started is somehow meant is a sign of
disrespect to the flying the anthem or
our veterans now none of the players
ever said that they were very clear
they're worried about police brutality
the shooting of unarmed African
Americans and unfortunately systemic
racism and systemic racism and so Trump
comes out and has been saying oh yeah
well make sure they get fired if they
complain about racism well given that
you're the most powerful guy in the
country and you're the president of
United States and a leader of the
government that is a deeply disturbing
thing to say and might be
unconstitutional but he has more and
what I'm about to tell you unfortunately
is devastating because he is one on this
issue at least for the moment being I'll
explain so he tweeted just a little
while ago why is that FL getting massive
tax breaks while at the same time
disrespecting our anthem flag and
country changed tax law now
unfortunately just yesterday on the
program I largely predicted that this is
exactly what was going on because I
noticed that Jerry Jones and and Ross
the owner of the Dolphins had already
capitulated and had it bound out into
Trump and I thought well they're not
going to do that and change their
position as they both did unless there's
money on the line here's what I said
yesterday this is about Jerry Jones now
it's obviously the White House has gone
to a lot of the owners and said hey
remember you guys are billionaire
Republicans I don't know the internal
conversations but probably had
conversations about hey you know the
taxpayers subsidize you guys it's called
crony capitalism we Republicans love it
and we've been practicing with you for a
long time
plus I've got trillion dollar tax cuts
coming would you like some of that or
would you like me to you know make sure
that the NFL owners are left out I don't
know that for sure okay
well turns out I was right again
so and I don't say that to Robin and
although that's fun no I'm telling you
because this is how politics works
follow the money and you'll have your
answer you too can figure it out
apparently the only people who can't
figure out our usually TV pundits anyway
so yesterday I told you that he might
threaten tax issues today he proves me
right by threatening tax issues now he's
kind of wrong about this I'm gonna go to
Talking Points Memo here they explained
that the NFL gave up its tax-exempt
status in 2015
leaving it unclear which tax breaks
Trump would be looking to eliminate the
league does does see tax breaks when
building stadiums but those are granted
by local governments not the federal
government now you think that'll trump
nose-up distinction do you eat
are you positive Donald Trump knows the
difference between the federal state and
local governments so the idea that he
would know the complicated no it's
actually not that complicated but the
tax structure that allows those NFL
owners to have their tax breaks he
doesn't know which part of the
government's responsible for that so we
found out later that it turns out he was
watching Fox News and Tucker Carlson had
on an expert who talked about how they
should take away tax subsidies from all
these sports teams well in the Fox News
segment they didn't mention that the NFL
had already voluntarily giving up their
federal government tax break which by
the way was not much of a tax break in
that case it barely affected the team so
much bigger ones like I said are at the
local level and so but he Trump does
know any of that he just watched Fox
News and he said oh yeah that's right
would you let's punish it with the taxes
right so now to be fair you know this
this happens all Monday night and so it
in in what I was mentioning on
yesterday's program it appears that you
know he was not I should have never
given him credit for any degree of
negotiations or sophistication he
actually did not do it privately
he just chose to do it later publicly
but Jerry
Jones and owner of the dolphins being
smart guys figured out that's where he's
going with this thing and there's a ton
of money on the line so we better not
mess around with this guy so how very
very brave of them and then then Trump
tweets a big salute to Jerry Jones owner
of the Dallas Cowboys who will bench
players who disrespect our flag stand
for the anthem or sit for the game now I
think that all NFL players it's
absolutely the time to take a bold stand
and they should all kneel in unison and
look the white players man are you guys
teammates are you not and now I mean how
many times do we have to go through
these stats black Americas are shot
disproportionately by the police they
smoked marijuana as an example at the
same rate as whites but are arrested at
four times the rate of whites you think
that your fellow teammates are making
that up do you think that their
experience is not valid that you know
better than them even though you didn't
live their life no you guys are supposed
to be teammates stand together or in
this case take a knee together
so letting Jerry Jones intimidate you
and say he's gonna say you're really
gonna sit Ezekiel Elliott you're gonna
sit dak Prescott you're gonna sit Dez
Bryant you're gonna sit all those guys
you're gonna sit all the white players
to you and all the rest of the owners
that are now as you'll see in a second
are beginning to think about doing this
for the entire league you're gonna sit
Tom Brady you're gonna sit Aaron Rodgers
be bald take a stand and and this isn't
just now about police brutality it's
also about how the government is trying
to use his power to violate our
Constitution because it is not
unconstitutional for Jerry Jones to say
that he's gonna hurt his own financial
interest by sitting his players who are
taking a knee he's a private owner he
can do that but when the government in
the form of Donald Trump says I will
give you financial penalties if you
don't do as I say and punish people for
their speech well then yes we definitely
have a constitutional issue that is a
core of the First Amendment so how much
could he hurt the NFL owners if he
wanted Trump's proposed tax plan would
be a huge boost to the NFL as it would
cut the tax rates that NFL owners pay
from 40
and to 25% that is billions of dollars
on the line not millions billions so all
of a sudden then FL owners good my
players that I pretend to care about
earlier oh they're getting shocked by
the cops
this proportionately I mean it happened
to Michael Bennett just how they eating
his shots thank God
but in Vegas he was thrown down on the
ground a loaded gun put to his head by a
police officer they picked him out of a
crowd after people saw there was shots
fired and everybody's running they're
like okay that big black guy he's also
running along with everyone else he's
the one we're gonna tackle they put a
gun to his head and said will F and kill
you
the owners pretended to care about that
now they go wait did you say there's
money on the line forget it I'm bowing
down to Donald Trump don't care about my
players at all so now to give you a
sense of how much money is on the line
at the local level Courtney ESPN's Kevin
Seyfert the public has gifted nearly
seven billion dollars to the NFL for
stadium building in the past two decades
alone so Trump could use his local
allies to push that lever he could
exempt the NFL owners from the tax cuts
this antitrust laws that the NFL is
exempt from so there's a lot of
different levers that you could put to
punish the NFL for supporting their
players and this important issue and
Trump has now openly threatened to do
that in brazen violation of the
Constitution and so what is the reaction
of the owners were Roger Goodell put out
a statement today filled with oh we
respect our players and kind of give a
crap about them but not really because
at the heart of the statement he said
like many of our fans we believe that
everyone should stand for the national
anthem it is an important moment in our
game we want to honor our flag in our
country and our fans expect that of us
so now the reality is it was not an
important moment in any NFL game until
2009 the players and the teams were all
in the locker rooms all the way through
2008 wild anthem was being sung do you
know why they're out in the field now
because in 2009 the Department of
Defense started paying millions of
dollars to the NFL for false acts of
patriotism so that they could enlist
more people and then they would
you try to get people to sign up during
halftime they'd have military jets fly
over and they paid that FL for that so
in 2009 is when all of this began an NFL
looking to make money said oh yeah sure
we'll be patriotic it's a really
important moment in our games we used to
be in the locker room before it was
never important but now that you're
paying me it's important now Donald
Trump says I might take some of your
money away or give you more in terms of
tax cuts and all of a sudden that NFL
owners go yeah just kidding
never ever cared about racism never ever
cared about our players all we care
about is the almighty dollar and so I
got it they're incredibly greedy they're
almost all billionaires they don't care
they want more they always want more but
it's also Craven it's also sad and
pathetic
so if I was a billionaire and this guy's
gonna try to push me around how much
money of mine can you take away how much
can you punish me so Jerry Jones you're
supposed to be a tough guy you walk
around Dallas like you own the place
when in reality you got nothing but tax
breaks to build that stadium that you
made the city of Arlington owned it you
made all these sweetheart deals where
the taxpayers pay for everything you
don't pay for it you're ripping off the
people of Texas left and right then you
pretend to be with the players by taking
a knee before the anthem in one of the
games now you turn around and say that
you're gonna ruin their career because
Donald Trump threatened you you bitch
you miserable pathetic loser coward
that's who you are Jerry Jones so don't
ever pretend what going around like
you're a real man strutting or strutting
and it's super easy to threaten people
with less power than you but the minute
somebody showed up with what you
perceived to be slightly more power than
you like a dog you actually knelt before
him you didn't kneel and protest you
didn't kneel in prayer you knelt because
you're a lesser man he unmanned you and
you said yes sir may I have another
that's who you are jerry jones now roger
goodell statement is ominous one and is
a part
a preview of the formal decision that
they're gonna make next week when they
get together but now we know and Roger
Goodell does not act with most of it
without most of the owners on his side
he's the Commissioner most of the owners
apparently are dogs like Jerry Jones
they're scared of an orange buffoon like
Donald Trump Donald Trump's gonna be in
office for only a little while longer
but your shame and your embarrassment in
your humiliation will last forever enjoy
it
Young Turks support independent media
come join us at the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
