Lizzy Graham was a rival of Donald Trump
during the 2016 primary see'em you might
not know that because he had a miserable
showing he was obliterated by Trump but
in doing so Trump humiliated him
embarrassed him in almost every
imaginable way he even doxed him so
remember it's Donald J troll he's the
king of the trolls not only did he troll
Lindsey Graham but he gave out his
private phone number while on the
campaign trail it was unbelievable the
things that he said about him were a
horrible horrific etc and remember
Lindsey Graham's best friend in the
Senate is John McCain and and Trump
famously said I prefer people who
weren't captured about John McCain which
is unreal so later Lizzie Graham went on
to have many agreements and
disagreements with Donald Trump but
apparently they were golfing just a day
ago and so Lindsey Graham sent out this
tweet really enjoyed a round of golf
with President Trump today President
Trump shot a 73 and windy and wet
conditions exclamation point so this is
deeply embarrassing now he's kissing his
ass there's a second tweet that's even
worse I'm gonna read it to you at the
end but let's pause here to note that it
is inconceivable that Donald Trump shot
of 73 in ideal conditions let alone
windy and wet and all the things that
Graham said so I thought I remembered
that that President Trump was a
notorious liar about golf let alone
everything else in the world so I went
back and researched it
yes Golf Magazine has an article about
how no one could ever verify any of his
golf claims he claimed once that he had
won 18 different golf championships when
they went and looked around and asked
around not one could be verified to
which I say oh god of course he keeps
claiming that he braked broke the record
on his own course several times but
there are no signed cards to indicate
that it goes on and on but then I found
a Washington Post article where they
went back through time to chronicle all
the different ways that Donald Trump
cheats and by the way there's upsides to
trump on golfing apparently he's a
one guy to hang out with unless of
course you're a woman anyway and any
tips well to the Caddy's and apparently
caddies help them cheat and that this
one fact in this course is if you get
Donald Trump make sure that you take his
ball you throw it into the middle of the
fairway and you'll get a better tip that
way anyway we go back to the mid-1990s
and I've got to throughout all the years
for you he was telling to mark mobile in
fact he was golfing with him mark Molloy
is the managing editor of Sports
Illustrated at the time and my voice
says to him wait a minute your ball was
and there was even remotely there Trump
responds ah the guys I play with cheat
all the time I have to cheat just to
keep up with them okay all right then we
go to 2012 Alice Cooper when asked about
other celebrities that he golf's with
said the worst celebrity golf cheat I
wish I could tell you that it would be a
shocker I played with Donald Trump one
time that's all I'm gonna say obviously
it was all true all of this way before
he ever ran for president okay
in 2004 he was talking to another sports
writer rick reilly who actually wound up
writing a book about golf that included
donald trump Riley said when it comes to
cheating
he's an 11 on a scale of 1 to 10 again
none of this is any political
motivations back in 2004 Trump has never
even talked about running for president
it has nothing to do with politics
just everyone who encounters him in golf
is like that gots an unbelievable
cheater so there's all these stories of
just throwing balls in the middle of the
fairway just making up a different score
putting it on his card than the one he
shot being outside the green and saying
and that's a gimme and just picking it
up you're not even on the green okay so
it goes on and on but again rick reilly
does say hey wait wait
he says he's exhausting but i want to be
clear i really liked him it was just
like being a crazy carnival for a day
though I'm not sure would be so much fun
when it starts to count that was 13
years ago boy did he nail that well it
has started to count and this carnival
is not fun and I'd like to get off this
run
but I'm not Lindsey Graham so we finish
back with the second tweet of Lindsey
Graham how bad did he beat me I did
better in presidential race than today
on the golf course great fun great host
look Donald Trump is a pathetic insecure
egomaniac the only thing worse is when
he unmanned you and when you have
groveling pathetic politicians like
Lindsey Graham well after taking a
beating I mean that's the open-handed
slap boy and he did it to you how many
times and then you come back and you do
this
and you offer your hand to him and you
bow before we go oh my god he's such a
great dog he'd be so bad like the Rays
oh boy oh God Donny Trump
please give my donors tax cuts I've been
working for them for decades and they
really need those tax cuz I'll say
anything Donny help you lie about your
gum score please Donny Lindsey Graham
you're one of the saddest saddest people
I have ever seen
you're lucky Ted Cruz is still around so
you're not at the very bottom of the
batter if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm sighs joy
