right-wingers are pissed at the American
Nazi killing in the video game
Wolfenstein - now they posted a video
teasing the new video game on their
Twitter take a look
all right so they posted this video with
the caption make America Nazi free again
hashtag no more Nazis and many people
were very upset by this some commenting
that they didn't know that Bethesda
which is the game studio behind this
game teamed with sjw's and antiva other
people said don't inject leftist
propaganda and take advantage of current
events in our political landscape to try
and sell your product and expect anyone
with half a brain to not notice we found
people with half a brain and it seems
like they notice and marketing of
Bethesda said that Wolfenstein has been
a game decidedly again anti-nazi series
since the first released more than
twenty years ago we aren't going to shy
away from what the game is about we
don't feel it's a reach for us to say
Nazis are bad and unamerican and we're
not worried about being on the right
side of history here further in
Wolfenstein s case it's pure coincidence
that Nazis are marching in the streets
of America this year and it's disturbing
that the game can be considered a
controversial political statement at all
and I think that's the biggest point of
this right like the fact that people are
upset that people are shooting Nazis
even if they're honest in the streets in
America is a real big issue that we need
to address do you know how long it takes
to develop a video game the last grand
theft auto came out like seven years ago
like it they're putting it off because
they have one video game they've been
working on for the last five years like
it takes so long to do this it takes
longer than it takes to develop and
shoot a movie to develop and make a
video game so this guy's is not
something that they just decided to
throw together because this was in the
news this game came out in 1981 the
original like apple to g Achtung you run
around and try to get away from the
Nazis who are trying to capture you like
this is not new that said
even if it was new and they were
shooting at Nazis in the streets like
yeah dot C's are still bad whether it
happens and whether they made it a month
ago where they made it you know four or
five years ago whatever still we don't
want Nazis in our streets and the fact
that people are like fighting this and
saying oh this is like the leftist
agenda it should be everybody's agenda
not to have Nazis in the street look I'm
gonna do the the most tepid defense of
all time of the other side but I'm gonna
note that look the one thing they did
have control over that is recent is the
slogan and then they did say make
America and Nazi free again so that is
an obvious reference
yeah that's Trump slogan upset because
they he would they were like
commandeering that phrase and I'm using
his make America but like wouldn't it be
a great America to not have Nazis like I
feel like those are not so that's
exactly over yeah so then now let me
join you okay so that is first if you
thought make America great again is like
a great slogan and it's wonderful and
it's not at all racist or anti-semitic
or anything like that you think like
well making America great would also
make it Nazi free and you wouldn't take
any offense of that you'd like yeah of
course that's part of making America
great but there's but you're getting
touchy on it for some rigor for a reason
right so I think just look look look
into why you got triggered by that and I
think and why you need to save space
from a video game so because it's
because of I mean if you look at Trump's
rhetoric both sides and so he's
separated like the right as like that on
they put them all in the same group that
all right and people who are you know
more conservative and right-wing and
Nazis and everything you put them in one
group essentially and then I was like oh
on the left is on the other side and
it's like what yeah you he set that up
and thank you by the way I mean if that
was actually true and it isn't but it
would be the whole country versus a
really small group of racists and so if
that's like your vision of the right
wing you're doing more damage to the
right wing than any of us could possibly
do so I mean if yeah so that's super
obviously and to Brett's point like
fighting Nazis and
James is as old as video games like that
can't in any way be controversial and
and then finally my favorite thing is
and a lot of people use these
unfortunately not just all right but
like some a lot of folks get off on
calling people social justice warriors
right
first of all just break down the phrase
it's kind of hilarious like okay so I'm
a warrior for justice a you know who
were social justice warriors fighting
Nazis the greatest generation like the
generation will Revere the most in
America Americans who literally were
warriors fighting for justice against
the Nazis yeah these guys are so there's
the other side their mark they want to
be martyrs they want to be victims they
want you to feel bad for them and I just
don't sorry
and this game looks so good i watch the
extended trailer for this game oh my god
it looks so good this girl has like a
pet robot dog that shoots fire I can't
wait if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
comm sighs join
