Mike Pence went to a football game kind
of so of course he was the governor of
Indiana before he became vice-president
my favorite thing that I quote every
once in a while is that in introducing
him at the RNC they said Oh everybody in
Indiana knows Mike he's got a nickname
there we call him Mike no that's not a
nickname that's his actual name anyway
so he went but he found out oh my god
that people are kneeling during the
national anthem did you guys know that
he didn't know that so you went to the
Colts game finds out and they're playing
there the 49ers that's the team that
Cabernet used to be on color him
surprised to find out that people are
disrespecting an anthem so he gets up
and walks out and then he has these
tweets ready immediately afterwards he
tweets out I left today's Colts game
because President of the United States
said I will not dignify any event that
disrespects our soldiers our flag or our
national anthem Wow okay and he says now
more than ever we should rally around
our flag in everything that unites us
one more while everyone is entitled to
their own opinions I don't think it's
too much to ask NFL players to respect
the flag and our national anthem so he
just wow these guys who are kneeling I
didn't see that coming but you know what
I'm not gonna watch the game even though
I had come to watch you the football
game here because I'm a big football fan
that's why they call me Mike okay
and any walked right up and then people
start to notice something funny so
here's a tweet that Mike pants end of a
picture of him at a football game at a
Colts give me let's look to put it up
now this is from 2014 cheering our Colts
with first lady of Indiana as they kick
off the second half go Colts beat the
Jaguars so that's from three years ago
now show me the tweet from yesterday
wait a minute that looks to be the same
picture but just ever so slightly darker
saying looking forward to cheering for
our Colts and honoring the great career
of Peyton Manning that's another thing
they were doing yesterday at Lucas Oil
Stadium today go
he's ready for it hey at least he was
three years ago so here's a picture
side-by-side yep that's the same shirts
on the people behind him that's the same
exact picture just try it a little bit
harder you couldn't take a picture you
were there for 30 seconds you couldn't
take a picture like maybe even you like
huffing and puffing like like as you're
looking at the people kneeling they
can't help themselves they're
pathological liars they lie about
everything
so was this a PR stunt of course of
course it was they wasted our taxpayer
dollars I'll get to that in a second but
as people are debating yesterday whether
it was a PR son and he meant to walk out
the whole time and that's why he
bothered all the going all the way to
Indianapolis to walk out of a game and
not actually watch it well Donald Trump
in his usual idiotic ways solved it for
us by admitting it was a PR stunt now
he's too stupid to realize he admitted
it but this is what he tweeted
afterwards said I asked vice president
pence to leave the stadium if any
players kneeled disrespecting our
country I am proud of him as second lady
Karen you weren't supposed to say that
in public the whole plan was Pence goes
there I'm just gonna put watching game
Adam and honor peyton manning you see
that picture I said put in from three
years ago right and then he finds out
that there kneeling he's outraged and in
that outrage he walks out that doesn't
work if you tell us afterwards that you
put him up to it it's dangerous to have
a man this stupid in the White House so
he blows the whole thing of course as
usual now go to others Abbey Philip says
seems to imply referring to that tweet
the early departure was planned at great
taxpayer expense that's exactly what it
implies but then Peter Alexander from
NBC News has an important component to
this that actually is breaking news he
says flag was pence leaving Colts game a
political stunt
reporters were told to stay in the van
because quote there may be an early
departure from the game so ladies and
gentlemen
this issue is solved it was definitely a
PR stunt they told the reporters don't
go anywhere we're gonna be leaving soon
they knew that their players are gonna
kneel they knew that they were gonna
leave pretending to be outraged and and
they did the whole trip because of that
so then see a CNN good job here of
tallying the numbers their estimate of
how much that trip costs American
taxpayers two hundred and forty two
thousand five hundred dollars so the
guys who claim that they care about
balanced budgets and fiscal
responsibility and draining the swamp
just threw a quarter of a million
dollars out to do a political stunt for
themselves
it is beyond gross so according to CNN
the Republican National Committee will
reimburse some of the costs of Pence's
flight to Los Angeles because pence is
attending a political event there so
this to cover their ass afterwards when
they Trump admits that it was a PR stunt
like god dammit now okay yeah yeah we
mean of course we'll cover not even all
the costs but some of the costs because
he was also going la by the way what was
he going la for of course a fundraiser
where he was gonna go talk to Republican
donors and say remember we're getting
you trillions of dollars in tax cuts and
then he did the PR stunt on his way to
the important work of doing legalized
bribery so Citizens for Ethics Kru
tweets out can we just make it through a
weekend without this administration
abusing taxpayer dollars with jet travel
and obviously that's a reference to all
the different controversies related to
that Ryan's Inc he's the latest but Tom
price already resigned the Health and
Human Services Secretary because how
much he abused taxpayer money in his
private travels and now he we have the
vice president doing it for political
reasons but I think Eric Reid put it
best afterwards he was a member of the
49ers who were playing the Colts that
day and and here's what he had personal
does anybody know the last time we spoke
okay with that being said he tweeted out
a three year old photos medicals game so
for the information that I had last time
he's been so closely agrees
so this looks like a kiosk he knew oxime
has happened most Clare's protests he
knew we probably again and so this is
what systemic person looks like a man
with power comes to the game tweets a
couple of things out and leaves the game
with an attempt to support our efforts
this is what systemic oppression looks
like couldn't have said it better myself
now remember when the NFL owners are
basically de-facto
doing a blockade on Colin Kaepernick and
won't let him back in the league when it
is preposterous to claim that he's not
one of the top 100 quarterbacks in the
country it is insane to claim that okay
that's one thing they're allowed to do
that it's private enterprise I
completely disagree with their actions I
protest their actions but they are that
is not a First Amendment issue because
the NFL as big as it is is not the US
government but now when you have the US
government in the form of the
vice-president how many games to
intimidate people that are exercising
their First Amendment rights well now
we've got a government issue we've got a
First Amendment issue so it's not just
that they wasted our money it's not just
that it was a cheap stupid political
stunt but now we're having some
significant First Amendment issues as
the government tries to intimidate the
freedom of speech that's a core
constitutional problem and Mike Pence
and Donald Trump revel in it if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
