so Ben and Jerry's has partnered with
moveon.org so this is a super-fun
partnership they are gonna come up with
no wrong you are gonna come up with
seven new flavors for wonderfully
progressive candidates running for
Congress that's why I love Ben & Jerry's
oh the fact that it's delicious
but Ben Cohen is one of the great heroes
of not only the progressive movement but
specifically getting money out of
politics so he's done some amazing work
for that and move on obviously a huge
progressive group so the endorsed
candidates include and these and you
guys have to come up with innovative
flavors for them and if there's a
contest I'm gonna talk about the contest
in a second but the candidates are just
king she's a just Democrat out of
Pennsylvania
Ammar Kompany jar Jos Democrat that's
been on a power panel with us and
interviewed many times in Duncan Hunter
juniors seat therein and so looking
forward to those flavors Lauren
Underwood in Illinois off top poor ball
in Ohio
JD Shelton in Iowa Stephanie Rose
Spalding in Colorado another just
Democrat in it and again another person
who's been on the power panel here
earlier James Thompson from Casas sport
district James's awesome and was on
rebel headquarters just earlier this
week so how are you gonna do it you're
going to invent seven flavors and flavor
names we've already started thinking
about him so I might have to have a
contest okay John John John and I are
gonna get into a beef here over or an
ice-cream over who's gonna name the
flavors better anyway no beef in any of
these flavors just but it you got a
captured sob candidate obviously how you
enter is go to moveon.org slash ben and
jerry moveon.org slash Ben and Jerry if
you're watching this later willow as
always we have the links down below in
the description box for comments section
on YouTube and Facebook and entries must
be received by midnight basically on
September 28th 2018 so that's coming up
so put on your thinking hat and get to
it winners will receive one pint of
their own custom Ben and Jerry's ice
cream so that's a great innovative way
to help progressives Thank You Ben and
Jerry's and move on
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
