tropical storm nate is headed toward the
Gulf Coast CNN reports that according to
the National Hurricane Center the eye of
the storm was expected to pass late
Saturday or early Sunday over about 50
miles east of New Orleans which was
devastated 12 years ago by Hurricane
Katrina of course it would be the third
hurricane after Harvey and Irma to hit
the US mainland in six weeks
this morning it was 50 to 60 miles an
hour but by the time it makes landfall
they expect it to be a category 1 or a
weak category 2 storm hurricane and
tropical storm watches have been a
tropical storm warning was issued late
Friday morning for New Orleans and Lake
Pontchartrain west of Weston Morgan City
Louisiana the Hurricane Center said
while a hurricane warning was issued
from Grand Isle Louisiana to the Alabama
Florida border and then let's skip ahead
to 21 graphic 21 to just give the
weather map of where they forecast this
to be headed so yeah just to let folks
know what's going on it went through
Nicaragua Nicaragua at least 15 deaths
Costa Rica at least seven deaths 15
missing and 55,000 in emergency shelters
yeah the only thing that I want to say
about this is that I remember with
hurricane Harvey it spun up real quick
and they were saying it might hit Texas
as a tropical storm next thing you know
it's a category 4 and it's a huge
catastrophe and they always knew that
the problem was gonna be that it sat
there in the flooding there's no
indication that's gonna happen this time
but what we're already seeing is a
progression because the Gulf of Mexico
that's what fuels these these storm
systems in the Gulf of Mexico right now
at the coldest part is two degrees above
average
so it's between two and five in the
entire Gulf of Mexico and when you do
these production projections with
weather models you're using historical
data well it's all above average and so
with hurricane Harvey you saw it they
were said it was gonna be a tropical
storm it ended up a category 4 on
Tuesday they were saying that there
might be elevated tides and rains in New
Orleans and now we're at a category 1
hurricane and it still has to go through
the Gulf so I do think that people in
the south should pay attention to this
even though they've been through
category ones but in the next 24 hours
we could see that projection go up just
because they don't really know how to
deal with the Gulf of Mexico being so
much warmer
than usual and it's fueled these storms
that we've seen hit our country this
year when you say it's warmer than usual
it's not gonna cool off right like it's
gonna stay that way right it doesn't is
this a temporary increase in the Gulf's
temperature I mean I don't know your
notice I'm not a meteorologist I'm into
the weather like uh-huh right
dork what I was like I took that class
called weather and storms in college I
think that isn't it it doesn't go the
other way like sea level rising it never
goes back down whether there are whether
there are increases and decreases euro a
year over year the trend is an increase
in temperature okay right so there might
be so right here's what the seasons to
and the winter comes around it goes back
down still like at the time that Harvey
was being formed it was 2 to 7 degrees
above average now the Weather Channel is
saying it's 2 to 5 so it's already
cooling off a little bit but it's the
average so for this time of year the
weather models are saying ok it's
October 6th this is what we expect it to
do but they're expected to do it with
the water like everything that they have
to go on had the water cooler
right so it's getting more difficult for
them to predict the future based on past
evidence because we're changing things
the real problem is I heard Trump hurt
his wrist and how was he gonna do I was
gonna get paper towels and those people
it just really turns into a real hurt if
you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
