Donald Trump clearly woke up on Thursday
morning on the wrong side of the bed
because he immediately first thing this
morning started tweeting out about the
alleged fake news media in fact he went
as far as to say that the Senate
Intelligence Committee needs to be
investigating the fake news networks
here in the United States he said why
isn't the Senate Intel committee looking
into the fake news networks in our
country our was in all caps to see why
so much of our news is just made up fake
Trump tweeted first and foremost they
actually kind of are already looking
into the whole fake news things by
investigating those Russian ads that
were purchased on Facebook and Twitter
so I wouldn't say that they're not
investigating the fake news furthermore
and this is something that you need to
get drilled into your brain perhaps
tattoo it across your forehead just
because a news outlet reports something
about you that isn't flattering doesn't
mean it's fake Donald Trump is
specifically referring to the instance
the reports that came out from NBC News
that Tillerson called him a moron
over the summer Tillerson then gave a
press conference did not directly refute
that he called Trump a moron and since
his press conference more reports came
out showing that yes people there said
he did call him a moron and in fact he
caught him a little bit worse than that
but Donald Trump took that as whatever
kind of vindication he needed Tillerson
didn't call him a moron so anybody
reporting on it is in fact fake news and
maybe even a moron themselves but that's
not how it works
Tillerson did not deny calling donald
trump a moron which trump says he did
but he didn't and to the media is gonna
keep reporting what they want to report
unless used to them for libel did you
think about that if it actually were
fake news if they were completely making
things up just fabricating it out of
nowhere to defame you you can absolutely
sue for libel but you're not doing that
and you're the king of frivolous
lawsuits
so if you honestly thought that it
wasn't real news you would have already
had your lawyers working on this case
what you are doing and this is something
everybody needs to understand Donald
Trump's constant attacks on the media
are an effort to downplay the actual
investigations going on into his
administration and his many failures
that he's had since becoming president
if people think the news media is fake
when they come out and report how
horrible Donald Trump is or what's
happening in the investigation they
won't think it's real but again it's not
working anymore the majority of the
public has a higher trust in the media
than they do in Donald Trump the
majority of American voters do not trust
Donald Trump they do not want to see him
run for president again and they do not
trust him to handle any kind of crises
here in the United States Donald Trump
is losing his battle against the media
and right now that is the only weapon he
has to energize his base and as we've
seen from polls as we've seen from
public opinion it's starting to backfire
on him tremendously
