Jeff sessions has just announced that
they will be reversing a policy that
protects transgender workers from
discrimination this is for his Justice
Department let me break down exactly
what we're talking about US Attorney
General Jeff Sessions has reversed a
federal government policy that said
transgender workers were protected from
discrimination under a 1964 civil rights
law according to a memo on Wednesday
sent to agency heads and US attorneys
sessions directive says title sevens
prohibition on sex discrimination
encompasses discrimination between men
and women but does not encompass
discrimination based on gender identity
per se including transgender status so
this is likely going to result in the
Justice Department fighting against
transgender workers in court we're gonna
see how that's going to play out they go
on to say in this directive this is a
conclusion of law not policy as a law
enforcement agency the Department of
Justice may interpret title 7 as written
by Congress now of course there's a
counter opinion to this chair McGowan is
a former lawyer for the Justice
Department Civil Rights Division and now
is an attorney for the LGBT group of
Lambda Legal shoutout Lambda Legal my
fiance is an attorney and they do good
work it's it's ironic for them to say
this is law and not policy the memo is
devoid of discussion of the wave case
law has been developing in this area for
the last few years it demonstrates that
this moment is not actually a reflection
of the law as it is it is a reflection
of what the DOJ wishes the law were now
this is something that this that they
point out in this article I think it's
important because it affects my
interpretation of what's going on at
issue in the latest policy is how
broadly the government interprets title
7 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 which
does not address the LGBT rights
directly rather prohibits discrimination
on the basis of sex and what we are
seeing from the Justice Department as I
think perfectly stated by Devin O'Malley
he says the following the Department of
Justice cannot expand the law beyond
what Congress has provided basically
what we saw in the Obama administration
is a pretty broad interpretation on what
these protections afford and who they
should be protecting and now we are
seeing the Trump administration over
time sort of roll back those protections
we actually reported on it on a title 7
issue where the the Justice Department
issued an amicus brief over an appeals
case from New York Second Circuit it was
very strange that the federal government
will get involved now they're issuing
another briefing on this let's hear from
you guys because this is very
frustrating for me in my community so I
want to I want to comment on the
interpretation of the law in a second
but first I just want to make a point
about how crazy it is that this is what
Jeff Sessions thinks is important right
now like stripping away protections for
entire groups of people that is his you
know his objective that is what he feels
is important to do as you know Attorney
General like he thinks that is a
priority right now stripping away
protections against discrimination for
an entire group of people it's just it's
strange if you want to be nice but I
want to use other words which I will
refrain from doing right now in terms of
the law though it really comes down to
the way it's interpreted right and so if
I were to be honest I don't think that
Congress wrote the law in 1964 with the
LGBT community in mind at all but and
did they purposely write it in a way so
it's broad - you know maybe include
people who identify with a different
gender honestly probably not but that's
the way as you mentioned the Obama
administration interpreted it so if this
is a situation that makes it to the
courts and and you know you have federal
judges making decisions on it it really
depends on you know their interpretation
of it and whether they think that this
was a specific law that pertains only to
men and women and discrimination between
those two or if it's something that
could be interpreted as vague enough to
include the LGBT community yeah I agree
in terms of Jeff Sessions I think the
term in the statement Jeff Sessions has
just announced has become like my least
favorite things in here
because I think you know while he was
embroiled in in all of the drama and
everyone was concerned that why isn't he
just stepped down because he and Trump
were having this kind of contentious
relationship not like Jeff Sessions has
a vested interest in rolling back civil
rights like he's going to stick around
until he sees that through and he's he's
made that clear not only with kind of
this these memos these weak memos that
he's written with regard to rolling back
protections for the lgbtq+ community but
also declaring a war on drugs right also
decreasing the Obama era kind of
legislation on closing private prison
president prisons right like that was
something that he introduced like so and
then like anti oh gosh why where does
all fumbling words today but reverse
discrimination in college admissions
right so all of these things that aren't
really issues that he's kind of really
dug his heels into meanwhile we have
like real issues that we'd like our
Justice Department to investigate and
and look right now there's also this
issue between Donald Trump and Jeff
Sessions over sessions recusing himself
in the Russia administration and I have
never wanted Trump to fire anyone more
right and if he were to fire sessions
for that reason it would be one of the
worst reasons to fire someone but I'll
take it well yeah if the consequences
and I do think that we do need to amend
the Civil Rights Act so there are
explicit protections for sexual
orientation and gender identity I to
your point I think at the time right our
notions of sex and conceptions of sex at
the time were very basic and we didn't
acknowledge the fact that sex and gender
are socially constructed they're not
these fixed things
so our society's pushing back against
that we need policies that reflect that
I couldn't agree with you more I hate
that I have to read through this and I
unfortunately can see exactly the point
of the the Justice Department here
because they are saying that hey these
provisions are not literally included in
the law it's just up to interpretation
Obama administration interpreted one way
we're going to say some
different I hate that I can agree with
them on that it's true there isn't there
aren't those provisions in title 7 so
why don't we change that let's let's
change that it should be amended this is
not 1964 anymore
the law needs to be changed I would like
to see that incentive rather than just
Devon O'Malley saying well we can't
expand the law beyond what Congress has
provided we would have no idea what to
do we work on that man right you're
absolutely right and and just to give
you another example after the Supreme
Court ruled against the Defense of
Marriage Act there was also this issue
about how okay well now there's marriage
equality but remember we don't have a
federal law banning employers from
discriminating against gay employees
sure so that's another example of a
situation where congressional leaders
need to be leaders and they haven't been
so far and that's cause for concern yeah
forced Republicans to openly vote
against it right even if you don't think
the amendment would pass force them to
openly say we don't want this you know
we don't want folks to have these rights
right instead of this statement saying
we will continue to affirm the dignity
of all people including transgender
individuals like that's that's a lie
mm-hmm force them to say it to vote
against cops even perhaps yeah
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
