the New York Times has released a report
detailing decades of sexual harassment
accusations against Hollywood producer
Harvey Weinstein an investigation by the
New York Times found previously
undisclosed allegations against mr.
Weinstein stretching over nearly three
decades documented through interviews
with current and former employees and
film industry workers as well as legal
records email emails and internal
documents from the businesses he has
around Miramax and the weinstein company
during that time after being confronted
with allegations including sexual
harassment and unwanted physical contact
mr. Weinstein has reached at least eight
settlements with women according to two
company officials speaking on the
condition of anonymity now the report is
extensive it goes on and it's important
that if you're interested you read the
full thing but there is a pattern that
they point out which is the following
across the years and continents accounts
of mr. Wein cease conduct share a common
narrative women reported to a hotel for
what they thought were work reasons only
to discover that mr. Weinstein who has
been married for most of three decades
sometimes seemed to have different
interests now an important person that
they point out that they cite is Lauren
O Connor who is a former colleague of
The Weinstein Company she sent out a
memo to several executives at the
company and they cite her a lot in this
report but that kind of gets a little
blurry towards the end because mr.
Weinstein had reached a settlement with
Miss O'Conner she had withdrawn her
complaint and there was no longer
anything to investigate because this
matter has been resolved and no further
action is required I withdraw my
complaint miss O'Connor wrote in an
email to the head of Human Resources six
days after sending her memo she also
wrote a letter to mr. Weinstein thanking
him for the opportunity to learn about
the entertainment industry wide seas
lawyers have announced that they are
preparing to sue The Times and all the
proceeds of that suit will go towards
women's organizations but not before
Harvey Weinstein released a kind of
confusing statement of his own I'm going
to read in part but again check out the
full statement here's part of it I came
of age in the 1960s and 70s when all the
rules about behavior in workplaces were
different that was the culture then I
appreciate the way I behaved with
colleagues in the past has caused a lot
of pain and I sincerely apologize for it
I've brought on therapists and I plan to
take a leave of absence from my company
and to
with this issue head on I so respect all
women and regret what happened he also
missed quotes a jay-z lyric and then he
says that he's gonna be pointing his
full attention to the NR a know this
thing among other things the part that
first of all please read the full yeah
yeah Times report because it goes into
many details of very graphic details and
there are so many women involved in this
took place over such a long period of
time so it you know and some of it
occurred as recently as 2014 so I'm not
buying his BS argument about how like
well I grew up in a different culture I
guess things have changed and outside no
you should have noticed how much the
culture has changed you know and to do
the same type of stuff in 2014
makes it abundantly clear that he didn't
really care about the culture he didn't
take any of that into consideration he
was and is a man that has some degree of
power and he thought he could get away
with it much like you know what happened
at Fox News with Roger Ailes and Bill
O'Reilly but I do want to quickly
mention how he ended his statement
because he couldn't just leave it at I
messed up and I need help and I'm
getting help he pandered he pander to
individuals that are upset and emotional
over what's going on with mass shootings
in the country and he just goes on this
like spiel about you know what he wants
to do personally to Stop gun violence in
America and no well also within that
exact same paragraph he talks about how
you know he's I hope Wayne LaPierre
enjoys his retirement party and then a
couple sentences down and this is the
full sentence is one year ago I began
organizing a five million dollar
foundation to give scholarships to women
directors at USC so did Bill Cosby okay
you think like you can be philanthropic
and still be a rapist like you two
things can be true so you talking about
all the money that you've given you can
keep your money and stop being a rapist
and stop sexually assaulting folks like
they don't
work against each other like oh I'm
gonna be crazy but then just give $1,000
like that's not how it works be a better
person yeah they're not mutually
exclusive right and I feel like the way
that he ended his statement was again
trying to pander and trying to make him
out to be you know this great person and
I just I feel like that unfortunately
like nullifies anything else that he
said you know in that statement I will
say this I was actually shocked that he
took responsibility because that is not
the way things usually play out like we
know that that's not how it played out
at Fox News
Bill O'Reilly still denies it Roger
Ailes denied it till the day he died
right and in this case you know
Weinstein is taking responsibility which
I'm glad he's doing that but the way he
ended that statement was so unnecessary
the whole statement reads as though he
said it aloud to Siri in a note and then
was like yep print that well that's the
first thing that came to my mind and
that's the statement that I'm gonna go
down to miss quoting jay-z if you're
gonna be releasing a statement you know
that's gonna be printed in the New York
Times just double-check the lyric before
you be a respectable person or at least
try to pretend that you are you have all
the opportunity to write something
revise it like you have folks around you
apparently a team of therapists who
you've been working with to help you not
be a misogynist I also think this speaks
to the need to have more women in
positions of power in these companies
not to say that that's just the solution
to sexual harassment but it would
certainly help I mean and I think even
some of the women in the report talked
about going before some of these panels
and bringing other women with them to
corroborate their story right so there's
just power in terms of numbers and
having representation of women in these
spaces I think it would help
particularly as the culture is changing
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
