GOP donors are increasingly frustrated
with the fact that the Trump
administration and Congress specifically
has failed to pass any legislative wins
the efforts to repeal and replace the
Affordable Care Act have failed and they
failed several times during the same
administration and these donors have
spent millions of dollars in trying to
buy these politicians to get their
agendas through and some of the
statements that Politico is reporting
from these donors is absolutely
delicious and delightful because it's
very different from what we've seen
usually they get their way right now
they're not they're like but wait I mean
I thought but I'm supposed to be able to
buy everything how am I not able to buy
these legislative wins so let me give
you some examples the GOP leaders should
know no movement on remaining agenda tax
reform infrastructure deregulation etc
means no funding from supporters like me
no meetings calls contributions until we
see progress that was according to one
GOP funder and that person wasn't
identified but we do have plenty who are
identified at the recent dinner of the
home of a Los Angeles billionaire Robert
Day Thomas watch tell a retired oil and
gas investor and party contributor
delivered an urgent message Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell just do
something he continued to say anybody
who was there knew that I was not happy
and I don't think anybody was happy how
could you be you're never going to get a
more sympathetic Republican than I am
but I'm sick and tired of nothing
happening so they want you know the same
things that the right-wing you know
multinational corporations have wanted
for a long time deregulation not being
forced to provide health care to their
employees anything that would decrease
their bottom line or impact their bottom
line in what they see as a negative way
North Carolina senator Thom Tillis told
his colleagues at a recent conference
meeting that donations had fallen off a
cliff
after the Obamacare flop I'm not sure
which flop because there have been
several the committee's Hall plummeted
to just two million in July and August
less than half of what was raised in
June yeah oh it's so nice
no no more talk you know but it's it's
interesting because for the first time I
feel like the electorate is awake and
that's not to say that everyone in the
electorate wants the same thing but when
it comes to the health care debate
you remember those town halls months ago
where people would meet those lawmakers
with fury because they were afraid that
they were gonna lose their coverage and
so it's it's hard for them to pass
something when you know Susan Collins or
Lisa Murkowski is concerned about her
constituents and concerned that they'll
vote her or vote them out of office yeah
and the other side of this it it cuts
out the one thing that the establishment
Republicans had which was the money and
the cloud because the the Roy Moore side
of it the Steve Bannon showing up and
saying this establishment Republicans
showed up with their money and they
threw it at this campaign and you guys
were able to win and then he said
something really creepy which was a vote
for Roy Moore is a vote for Donald Trump
even and he literally said that at a Roy
Moore rally even though Donald Trump was
for the other guy but now the other guy
isn't that isn't necessarily gonna have
the money to back him up so he can't
even do those ad buys right so Luther
strange who was up against Roy Moore in
the primary received up eight million
dollars from GOP donors and lost and so
GOP donors are really upset and I don't
think this is about Trump I think this
is about what Trump represented which
was this anti-establishment candidate
but we all know that Trump is the type
of person who has exploited and taken
advantage of the establishment he's
loved the establishment the only thing
that makes him different is his rhetoric
and his insane incompetence but I do
want to go to a few more quotes because
they're amazing so let's hear from
another GOP donor he says when your
business and you tell your stakeholders
you're going to build a building or
something you have to follow through
I can't borrow money to build a building
and then not follow through which is
what these guys are doing that's from
Dan Eber heart and he has spent yeah a
considerable amount of money on these
candidates as well not very happy with
the lack of legislative wins so anyone
who tells you that donors don't expect a
quid pro quo on their investment this is
the proof that they do that's right this
is the proof that in the minds of these
successful businesspeople who and
they're saying it like I consider the
political system in America the same way
I consider a construction site or
freaking Home Depot perk for that matter
if I'm paying for something I want to
get something so you can by virtue of
this follow the money and it shows you
that I mean why would they be donating
if they didn't want something that's
right and then this proves that they've
been getting it and now they're not and
now that now they're not and it's it's
all of a sudden things are a little
different and they're freaking out about
it they don't understand it
and it shows you that they don't really
even have a pulse on what's going on in
the country right they don't even see
this anti-establishment uprising that's
happening on both side that's the way
that's it like the it's the uncertainty
it's the chaos and and to be fair
there's a lot of different factors at
play we need to look at what's happening
in the Roy Moore Luther strange election
but there are a lot of other things that
are happening that could have
contributed one way or another there is
the idea that Luther strange was
investigating corruption and as a way to
get him to back off they appointed him
to become the senator to replace Jeff
Sessions and Alabama got pissed off at
that and that kept a lot of people away
and so that that's one of the many
factors that are at play but then at the
end of this we are gonna come away with
it with a true narrative of what's
happening and it's the ones who were
smart enough to figure out what is
actually going on put together a
strategy I think one of the potential
traps of this is for everybody to go we
won yeah this is one of those all right
we won this battle take 24 hours of
celebrate get back to work yeah and then
one final
I wanted to quickly bring up because it
shows you what the priorities were for
Donald Trump on Monday of this week
which was the day after that mass
shooting in Las Vegas according to
Politico on Monday
Trump met with the party's most
prominent donor Las Vegas casino mogul
Sheldon Adelson who has privately
expressed frustration that the president
hasn't moved the US Embassy in Israel
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem yeah that's
that I guess that's what the priority
was to meet with freaking Sheldon
Adelson or Adelson whatever about that
issue if you like The Young Turks you
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
