all right back on a Young Turks time for
ot over time and we got introduced there
with a little bit of stranger things
sound like music which I enjoyed I
enjoyed that series all right that was
random let's give you a story so former
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke is
going to be on Fox News he's gonna do
this standard Republican thing of Oh
gun control there's nothing we could do
some massacre happens in Las Vegas but
whatever you do don't take action but
he's gonna say something at the end that
I think is going to be proven wrong
so first let's share the clip but here's
the thing I want people to understand
the the ordinary gun owner would never
dream even having a nightmare of taking
that firearm and committing this type of
carnage so I want to caution people
about overreacting when I say people I'm
talking about politicians I'm hearing it
already we need more gun control we know
we don't look we need to do something
but we need to do something reasonable
we need to do something that's
achievable again I want to point out the
average gun owner would never use that
firearm in this sort of fashion now
don't overreact and actually do
something about the horrible mass
shootings that happen literally every
day in America
so that would be overreacting what the
average gun owner would never dream
would never dream of doing anything
inappropriate with his guns so that
brings us to a story in Florida go to
Ross story they explain a Florida man
too drunk to stand up started shooting
at his neighbors as they engaged in some
backyard target practice the average gun
owner would never do anything
irresponsible so let's break this down
further
that's my glue Brinegar he's the guy who
was arrested and she was shooting at his
neighbor's but he's not the only one at
fault in this story so the neighbors are
the guys who decided that they would do
target practice in their backyard I
don't know if you know this but bullets
don't stop at fences or bushes they can
go into other neighbors yards that's a
disastrous idea then their next-door
neighbor is like oh there's somebody
firing guns and I've drank a lot of
alcohol so I got an idea I should take
my gun cuz we're in America and there's
300 million guns I should take my gun
and shoot
discriminately at them there's kids in
the yard too because we're Americans and
we're all responsible gun owners so what
are we gonna do we're gonna go shoot in
our backyard with our kids and then the
other guys gonna get by the way I've
used also high but mainly drunk and
shoot at you guys so when the cops got
there this is how they described it they
said about Bernie grrrrrr he slurred his
speech had bloodshot eyes and fell over
in his front yard as deputies attempted
to talk with him says look I know what
I'm doing God so that's how drunk you US
Brinegar was arrested and charged with
firing a missile into a dwelling
criminal mischief and a use of a firearm
under influence of alcohol on possession
of drug paraphernalia the average gun
owner in America would never dream of
using their guns in an irresponsible way
in fact the people of Florida were using
him so irresponsibly that even the
Republican Governor Rick Scott close a
loophole recently in state law by
restricting backyard shooting ranges
they were shooting in their backyard so
often not thinking that they might hit a
neighbor that Florida had to go in and
go technically we're so crazy in Florida
we allow you to shoot in backyards for
target practice so we're gonna change
that law and say and they did a law but
if you're in a densely populated area
you are not allowed to shoot in your
backyard only in Florida do you have to
clarify that actually that's not true
unfortunately probably have to clarify
that in a lot of places in America so we
got all these guys shooting guns and
totally indiscriminate and irresponsible
ways and look it's 33,000 gun deaths in
America and about 15,000 of those are
homicides huge portion of suicides but
another portion and by the way that
number would be way lower
over 90% of Americans of people who
commit a suicide if they're stopped on
the first time do not attempt to commit
suicide again so if they if they're
taking pills oftentimes it doesn't work
but if they put a bullet in their head
it works at almost every time so that's
also a way of preventing thousands tens
of thousands of deaths anyway but a lot
of the
or accidental and it happens all the
time because I know every gun owner
thinks no I am the most responsible gun
owner in the world and come to find out
that sometimes you are not and
unfortunately it happens all the time so
I think there should be reasonable gun
control and I don't do that because I
don't like the micro Brinegar so the
world or his neighbors I do it so that
they don't lose their lives if you liked
this video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
