Politico has an interesting article
about how Democrats are not facing any
primaries which is news to me because
good I'm pretty sure there's at least 15
primaries coming I'm gonna tell you
about that in a second first let me
introduce the article the very poorly
researched article for you guys the
right
Democrats have long been terrified that
the Sanders Clinton slugfest of 2016 was
set off a prolonged civil war in the
party forcing incumbents to fight off
primary challenges from the left in
Senate and gubernatorial races it hasn't
happened really so later in the article
there's an oblique references to groups
that rose up to do primary challenges
but he just erased it from history that
they're not happy so now the reality is
they are happening let me show you the
candidates these are 16 justice
Democratic candidates row kannan and
near the middle there is an incumbent
everyone else is now running in races
and yes some of them are running against
Republicans and and are in an open seat
and there are no other Democrats in
there and if a Democratic establishment
figure comes in and I guess they don't
believe in unity right some of them are
in or running against Republicans and
there's plenty of other Democrats in the
races some are running against
incumbents Cory bush in Missouri is
running against clay you've got
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes running against
a very important income and Joe Crowley
in New York Paul Swearengen on the lower
right running against Joe Manchin so I
don't know if the writers are political
don't possess a computer it's called an
Internet you might want to google it and
I'll tell you why they actually ignored
these primaries in a second when the
number one excuse they usually give is
money I raise money you're not a serious
candidate so first of all that's a
horrible metric because you aid and abet
corruption that way and you encourage
people who have received more legalized
bribes okay oh wow a lot of big
corporations gave you money a lot
millions of dollars then you're a
legitimate candidate the unions
millions of dollars and you're a
legitimate candidate okay so if someone
bought you off your illegitimate candy
but what if we raised money from small
donors yeah but you can't raise a lot
really because they're just Democrats
now that's the progressive strong wing
of the Democratic Party yes it's new so
again the guys in the Washington bubble
might be like oh my god something's new
well we like things that are old and
part of the establishment but you might
want to look into it how well to be fair
how much of those candidates raised and
their and the justice Democratic part
three million dollars and you know who
we got in front we got it from you guys
here do it again justice Democrats
dot-com slash win justice Democrats that
crime slash win small donors so that the
just Democrats work for you guys and
their uncorrupted but Politico and
Washington they're uncomfortable with
that you can even tell it in the small
ways I'm going to show you the bigger
ways too but in the small ways in the
article so gabrielle debe net debt t who
wrote this article sorry for your
horrible pronunciation of your name says
democrats have largely been spared of
that predicament referring to primaries
look at the assumption their primaries
are bad it's a predicament for the
democratic party well how do you know
it's a bad thing for the democratic
party republicans primary the hell out
of each other and all they do is win
they've won the house they won the
senate they won the White House they had
17 people in a primary on the Republican
side the Democrats like don't ever
primary Hillary Clinton she's an
anointed one had that turnout it turns
out seventeen people in a primary led to
a win it didn't lead to a loss turns out
primary Republicans led to more and more
wins how many houses have they lost now
in and in the state level they've lost
over a thousand seats the Democrats have
at the state level so why is it a
predicament to primary people because
your assumption is people in power are
awesome and they should always maintain
their power you don't know that that's
your assumption but it is further little
tidbits here another part of the article
messy Democratic primaries are still
expected in several House districts see
primaries aren't productive and helpful
and get you to a better candidate an
important part of democracy they're
messy they're messy
you don't want primaries okay well we
can strike a deal how about we just take
whoever's the most popular Democrat in
the country now and in 2020 you all
promise both the Democratic
establishment and Politico and all the
writers in Washington and you all
promise to say primaries are a bad thing
they're messy they're a predicament and
we definitely definitely shouldn't have
them oh who is the leading Democrat in
the country now who's the most popular
guy
all right Bernie Sanders do we ever deal
primaries are bad and messy right oh we
don't have a deal do we you're gonna run
a whole heap of people to make sure
Bernie Sanders doesn't get that
nomination okay so let's just understand
that you're liars and all you care about
is protecting power let's just
understand that okay
so we believe in primaries yes of course
Bernie Sanders should be in a primary
and yes other people should run against
them you know why we're not afraid of
the challenge we have winning ideas we
don't have losing ideas like the
corporate Democrats were like I got a
great idea as Barney Frank once told one
of our reporters you're what you want
the Republicans take 100 percent of the
bank money we should take 20 percent
they should take 80 percent what a
genius idea at corporate Democrat a
perpetual losing strategy so know if I
can't wait for that mess if you think
that's a mess in terms of primaries we
are consistent you are not so now let's
go more to the heart of the story they
write most filing deadlines are still
months away and so is surges who aren't
currently on the radar could still
launch late challenges on whose radar
they're right there they erase all that
money they're gonna raise more money
they've got all these volunteers we just
did a poll in West Virginia Joe manchas
underwater he's at 46% how many times
have I read articles about if a prime if
incumbent is under 50% that's a really
bad sign
but if it's about one of their beloved
establishment guys I don't see it I see
it I don't see it I don't hear it what
what poll know what candidate there's a
candidate against them apologies
Swearengen did a read it was one of the
most popular Edison history I don't see
it no popular support but did she get it
raise any good corporate money she has a
raise of corporate money no not
legitimate not legitimate they go on
meanwhile liberal challenges the
Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia
Claire
Casca love missouri have so far failed
to gain traction fairly and treasure
with who with you why did you they fail
to gain traction with you because you
think if you take corporate money you're
awesome and you're winning how did that
work out for Hillary Clinton how is it
worked out for the entire Democratic
Party but if you don't take corporate
money now you fail to gain traction I'm
gonna right now not only am I gonna
write a piece in essence crapping on you
but I'm gonna crap on you so hard
I'm not even to mention your name
because god forbid I should give you any
publicity
I want to smother you and make sure
there's no oxygen in the room for any
any change cuz I love watching now the
guys who write these stories and their
editors they don't know that they love
Washington they live in Washington
almost all of them all their friends are
Democrats and some Republicans and
lobbyists and consultants and they live
in that bubble they don't know it I
swear to you they're not bad guys they
don't know it they think well incumbents
oh fantastic
power is awesome corporate money is the
one metric we should use it's in their
heads it's in their heads they don't
even know that's in their heads more
quotes none of the many Democratic
senators running in liberal states in
2018 such as Delaware's Tom Carper of
Maryland's Ben Cardin Minnesota's Amy
Klobuchar Rodan's Sheldon Whitehouse or
Washington Maria Cantwell have seen any
reason to sweat their own positions now
finally we get to something that's true
that's true and this is basically
rubbing your face in it
see these incumbents Democratic
incumbents in really blue states they
don't have to worry about any of their
positions they could take the corporate
money and do whatever they want and they
can still please their donors because
you didn't primary them haha but
actually you are your primary some of
them but it doesn't count I'm not gonna
mention it it's so sorry and listen to
what they're saying there if you want
them to change their positions or
actually hold progressives issues why is
it that in red states Republicans get to
elect monsters like Roy Moore the most
right-wing guys imaginable is something
not imaginable and in the bluest of
states no no no
don't challenge corporate Democrats oh
my god they might have to take popular
positions then okay final quote but on
the other side with so much of the
party's grassroots money flowing to
anti-trump efforts and candidates
there's so far no organized effort to
funnel campaign cash or political
support to potential Democratic
challengers or there is but either I
didn't want to bother looking it up or I
looked it up and I thought I don't care
let me help my incumbent establishment
friends by pretending they don't exist
guys there's only one way to prove them
wrong because they're never ever gonna
give anybody credit progressives no way
that I look the reality is that
mainstream media has enormous disdain
for progressives no matter what you do
how much money you raise how many
volunteers you have any other kind of
metric it doesn't matter they have
disdain for you the right way oh my god
they call us right when they say we have
liberal bias right-wing we bow down to
you establishment oh they love got
nothing but love for them but when it
comes to progressives they can't stand
you so there's only one way to show them
beat them we're not gonna have any
goddamn beer summits okay we go run
those primaries go to justice Democrats
calm slash win right now okay
what volunteer donate do whatever you
got to do find your favorite candidates
give to all of them give to some of them
do whatever you think is necessary don't
let these establishment guys keep
running this party into oblivion this is
how they lost the Trump this is how they
lost all those seats don't let them make
that mistake again the country is deeply
progressive you run on those positions
you run uncorrupted and you win let's go
out there and show him what we got watch
The Young Turks commercial free download
it or stream it watch it anyway you like
a TYT Network comm slash join
