so yesterday after the tragic shootings
in Las Vegas I don't know that I'd even
call it a prediction but I kind of made
a prediction on Twitter doesn't take a
rocket scientist to figure this out it
was mainly an insult
I wrote Q NRA idiots to say mass shooter
in Vegas could have done it with a rope
or a knife high-power weapons make mass
murder easier hashtag gun control okay
so I don't know if Dana Loesch who is
NRA spokesperson and supposedly a media
figure she does propaganda for the NRA
which self-loathing media organization
would hire a propagandist like that I
don't know I bet I could look it up I
bet you could look it up anyway Dana
Loesch is out there to prove me right so
she comes out and tweets the next day
fifty nine people killed in Las Vegas
over five hundred injured she writes
right after we ban pools cars cigarettes
alcohol hands feet and fists live long
lives loss do these constitute an
epidemic is that supposed to be funny
or are you being serious do you think
that can I could have punched 59 people
to death you think he could have injured
five hundred people with his feet are
you making a joke or are you really this
stupid you know what she was responding
to was a report by the American College
of Physicians saying that this is a
public health issue of course it is
we have one mass shooting per day in
America on average we here I've got the
stats for you between 2001 and 2014 we
had four hundred and forty thousand
firearm deaths just a little point in
comparison a little over three thousand
killed in a domestic acts of terrorism
four hundred and forty thousand people
died that's not a war that's a giant war
that's that's like a world war kind of
number that's in fourteen years in
America gun deaths per year thirty-three
thousand are thirty three thousand
people killed by feet every year is that
funny is that it's at the point you're
making Dana mass shootings three hundred
and sixty-three
mass shootings I'm sorry 383 mass
shootings in 2016
15,000 people killed in gun violence and
this year so far in 275 days this is
from yesterday 273 mass shootings eleven
thousand six hundred people killed
no she's unfazed by that your family
members got murdered what does she care
she's literally paid to do propaganda
for the NRA so she wants to distract you
and make jokes haha so she writes it's a
health issue in quotes cars then hand
feet and fists will be banned first also
pools I literally don't know if she's
joking and thinks it's funny that you
you had family members who were murdered
maybe she thinks it's hilarious or she
is one of the dumbest people alive she
thinks oh somebody with their feet or
with a pool can drown 59 people and
shoot over 500 these weapons make it
much much easier to kill people you know
why that's what they're designed to do
they are killing machines
your hands and feet and pools are not
the same thing and you know that but
you're paid to be a shill for the NRA
and I'm being awfully kind when I leave
it there you also know exactly what you
are it's a lot worse than that if you
like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
