you
you
young turks drop it
Oh both our panel junior Jackson no me
Prince John I'd rola I'm Jake huger how
you doing oh me I'm great how are you
I'm awesome okay so we have tons of
exciting news for you guys we are at the
turning point I will explain a little
bit later in the program what do I mean
by that there is two piece of news today
that I think will begin the final
countdown
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
so yes so you can sing along with me
John
so is it Cavanaugh now we have huge
story on Cavanaugh but that is not it is
it Michael Cohen flipping even more and
cooperating with the prosecutors give
partly but the biggest story today is
Rosenstein so we're gonna get to that a
little bit and it is it will likely set
off the dominoes so so at some point
there's some chance on the show today we
will yell dominos mother no okay
probably will not do that okay we also
have major news about being an
interesting thing really to the Young
Turks I'm gonna do that in a second hold
all right so at first about today's
proceedings not only we're doing the
show at 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. as we always
do of course as you know but John is
gonna do double duty today he's gonna
host the first hour and then he's gonna
run over and for the members host the
better O'Rourke Ted Cruz debate so that
is happening tonight it's a 7 o'clock
that's only for the members live
play-by-play coverage with John and
Brooke Thomas okay you guys are gonna
love that now here's the thing you're
thinking but wait a minute you guys are
also on-air what am I supposed to watch
well don't worry okay let's say I see
you okay you're members so you can watch
either one in live and the other one
later
because obviously members not only get
it live but they get it afterwards as
well so T y-t-dot-com slash join to
become a member and to get that and I
want to do a special fat thank you and a
shout out to Dallas news.com NBC 5 in
Dallas for sharing their live stream of
the debate they're sharing it with our
national audience and that is greatly
greatly appreciate
so thank you nbc5 in dallas yes yes do
you clarify that but just to be super
clear if you tuned in to our stream not
only will you have our commentary but
you'll have the actual stream of the
debate as it's going on we will also be
taking member comments and questions
live during the actual debate analysis
so if you want to interact with myself
or with Brooke you can do that live
while we're doing our breakdown so
that's in about an hour
and so to y-t-dot-com size joiner become
a member but then once you remember you
got to go to t y-t-dot-com slash members
live that's how you watch old school and
it's live postgame when it's live and
this debate coverage so Beto versus beta
begins tonight okay fun for everybody I
want to do an ad about that next week
okay so now announcement number two this
is also important for all of you out
there progressives you need to
participate so Ben and Jerry's has
partnered with moveon.org so this is a
super fun partnership they are gonna
come up with no wrong you are gonna come
up with seven new flavors for
wonderfully progressive candidates
running for Congress that's why I love
Ben & Jerry's oh the fact that it's
delicious
but Ben Cohen is one of the great heroes
of not only the progressive movement but
specifically getting money out of
politics so he's done some amazing work
for that and move on obviously a huge
progressive group so the endorse
candidates include and these and you
guys have to come up with innovative
flavors for them and if there's a
contest I'm gonna talk about the contest
in a second but the candidates are just
king she's a just Democrat out of
Pennsylvania AM our company char Jos
Democrat that's been on a power panel
with us and interviewed many times in
Duncan Hunter juniors seat there in and
so looking forward to those flavors
Lauren Underwood in Illinois off top
poor ball in Ohio
JD Shelton in Iowa Stephanie Rose
Spalding in Colorado another just
Democrat in it and again another person
who's been on the power panel here
earlier James Thompson from casas fourth
District James's awesome and was on
rebel headquarters just earlier this
week so how are you going to do it
you're going to invent seven flavors and
flavor names we've already started
thinking about them so I might have to
have a contest okay John John John and I
are gonna get into a beef here over or
an ice-cream over who's gonna make the
flavors better anyway no beef in any of
these flavors just but you got to
capture that so the candidate obviously
how you enter is go to moveon.org slash
Ben and Jerry move on.org slash Ben and
Jerry if you're watching this later
willow as always we have the links down
below in the description box for
comments section on YouTube and Facebook
and entries must be received by midnight
basically on September 28th 2018 so
that's coming up so put on your thinking
hat and get to it winners will receive
one pint of their own custom Ben &
Jerry's ice cream so that's a great
innovative way to help progressives
Thank You Ben and Jerry's and move on
okay so here's the exciting news about
the Young Turks now look you know we're
home progressives you know that you're
gonna go to tea y-t-dot-com /join you
become a member you know that the
activist level members get first dibs on
tickets to our own events now but this
is not one of our own events but we
would like you to show up because I
think you're gonna enjoy it this year at
pol√≠tica I will be debating Tucker
Carlson dam so that happened they got a
photo of him making a different facial
expression yeah so you you're gonna go
to in order to get tickets it's Sunday
October 21st obviously as you can see in
that graphic the whole Commission is the
20th and 21st and a kiss Perry will also
be there
Hasan piker is also going to debate
Charlie Kirk again so a lot of the young
turks crew will be there throughout go
to politic on.com and then enter the
promo code tyt where the people who use
that code we will be communicating with
you guys about what we're gonna do that
weekend I'm not saying they I'm just
saying
okay so that ought to be exciting so
make sure you enter the code tyt
Genki girl versus tucker carlson it
ought to be interesting
you don't want to miss it but it said in
conversation and we are just that's all
we're doing is aiding gonna gonna
exchange ideas thoughts and ideas yeah
the gloves are off and I believe the
holds have not been barred they have not
been barred so no holds barred we'll see
how that goes
I will be questioning some of the things
he has said I'm sure he will do likewise
so it'll be an interesting conversation
okay corta seen you guys there
all right now we got lots of news now
like I said Kavanagh Rosaline Coen huge
stories but yesterday I mentioned to you
some of that's really important to
progressives and how it got under my
skin it does happen from time to time so
I want to make sure that I followed up
with you guys and it is about a topic
you are familiar with and and probably
have similar feelings design.you about
the frustration that it caused with the
mainstream media
okay so CNN has consistently been
questioning progressives Alexandria
concert Cortes in particular about her
programs to help American people that's
obviously an outrage if you do tax cuts
for the rich to the tune of trillions of
dollars well of course we can afford to
add Wars for trillions of dollars well
of course we can afford that but you
want to help somebody get health care in
America we're gonna pay for it so in
fact let me just show you a couple of
quick Clips here we did this earlier
with Jake Tapper crystallises on a
follow-up that I want to share with you
guys then will comment on but I want to
show you the tone of tappers questioning
in the substance of it as well so we
already sure shared with you across your
cornices or responses in an earlier clip
so this is just as a warm-up to solicit
let's remind you tappers questions let's
watch
according to nonpartisan and
left-leaning studies friendly to your
cause including the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities or the Tax Policy
Center the overall price tag is more
than forty trillion dollars in the next
decade you recently said in an interview
that increasing
taxes on the very wealthy plus an
increased corporate tax rate would make
two trillion dollars over the next ten
years so where's the other 38 trillion
dollars going to come from so as we
explained to you earlier that is greatly
misleading first of all he said from
left-leaning think-tanks yes some of the
smaller numbers the 32 trillion dollar
number which i think is the the great
majority of the 40 trillion if I can do
my math right and I'm pretty sure I can
comes from the coke funded study at
George Washington University but he made
it seem like oh no these are all liberal
think tanks that are coming out with it
but more important than that is we've
got now over several times that 32
trillion dollar number is does not exist
on its own that is the cost of health
care in the country and so every
proposal would counter that we would
take away some percentage of that money
now progressives have shown and we've
shown on this program over and over
again even that Koch funded study shows
you if you actually applied Medicare for
all as it currently exists it would save
us 34 trillion dollars that's the thing
that Jake Tapper left out so that would
be a net two trillion dollars in savings
and instead of talking about this
monstrous 40 trillion dollar number we'd
be talking about obviously a much
smaller number six trillion but even if
you thought hey you know what it's not
gonna say it was two trillion it's gonna
cost us two trillion and that's what the
Conservatives might argue well you're
still not talking about 40 trillion
dollars you're talking about 10 trillion
at that point so the whole thing is
grossly misleading and Alexandria
concert Cortes countered by hey health
care actually the Medicare for all
proposal saves money a very similar
point for the one I'm making right now
but tapper was not convinced and at the
end of the interview he ended it this
way to me I'm not going to get an answer
for the other 38 trillion dollars okay
I'm not sure that you wanted that answer
and but still CNN persists so crystal is
a apparently progressives responses to
this
I don't know if it got under his skin or
they just love this topic so much
because they can't wait to show that
they are not liberal media by beating up
on progressives and and of course it
depends on whether you're right or not
so facts do matter so let me quote
quotes ELISA here he said on Sunday
CNN's Jake Tapper put a very simple
question to alexander Ocasio gore it
does how are you planning to pay for the
many and various expensive programs and
plans that you're either proposing or
support the new york soon-to-be
congresswoman didn't have any answers
like none he said but wait a minute
Chris she explained for three minutes on
how Medicare for all would save money
now I guess you're hanging your hat on
well she didn't go through the math that
Jake Tapper presented let us know it and
we looked into this and we asked CNN
about it we asked some of the groups
that they cited is there does this
number exist anywhere else the 40
trillion dollar number that tapper asked
her about right there and no it appears
that it's CNN's math they took a number
of studies and put them together
so the reason why that's important is
because this is the first time
Alexandria concert Cortes or anyone has
ever heard of that number so you
couldn't possibly are prepared ahead of
time for this question so then they say
okay here's 40 trillion dollars I put it
up in a graphic which you might or might
not be able to see as a guest and I need
you to answer right away she gives the
best answer she can wait a minute the 32
trillion dollar number actually is not
accurate because Medicare for all which
save us money and they go like none like
none that's not true because you're not
paying attention because you don't want
to pay attention so I he goes on he says
let's buy into a concert core test case
that costs would shrink if the
government rather than the free market
ran things pause there to note that
apparently she did have an answer okay
not none so apparently you acknowledge
that he goes on to say let's even say
that it would have the cost of the
programs that she supports making the
law that's still 20 trillion dollars
which is coming which has to come from
somewhere right no Chris Chris look
it's incredible how smug they are and
how condescending they are when they are
preposterous ly wrong why would you have
the number that doesn't make any sense
have to dis a combination of college for
all Medicare for all and a number of
different programs it's a weird thing to
say let's have the number no if you took
out Medicare for all taking out the 32
trillion dollars you're having a
completely different conversation and by
the way as tapper pointed out in the
beginning
vikas you're Cortez has said per se if
you take away the Trump tax cuz that's
another two trillion dollars if you do
the speculation tax that's another two
trillion dollars and so on and on makes
you know there's actually very little to
make up if you had to quote-unquote make
up anything and I can get to the
substance of the how they're thinking
about it wrong in a second but their
math is preposterous ly wrong but yet
the condescending whereas we made up a
bunch of numbers and then we made up
having them and that we claim that you
don't have an answer for things that we
made up out of whole cloth so let me
give you the rest and I want everybody
to jump in he goes on to say the truth
at a concert Cortes doesn't want to
acknowledge is that the only or at least
the most likely way that she fills the
gap between cost savings the actual cost
of the programs she's proposing is to
raise taxes YES on the wealthy but also
for being honest on more than just a
wealthy raising taxes is never popular
no correction Chris it is actually quite
popular among the American people if you
actually looked at the polling but you
don't instead you're in groupthink and
in Washington Republican friends told me
raising decks is not popular all my rich
friends told me that raising taxes is
not popular look at a poll Chris it
actually is popular these tax cuts were
they cut taxes to the tune of two
trillion dollars at one point I think
pulled it 17% have you ever looked at
any polling so I'm sorry if I'm being
condescending but I believe you started
it okay tapper is doing an important he
says I love this one tapper is doing an
important public service here solicit
says well why we really appreciate it
he's highlighting the difference between
campaigning and governing
is that as a candidate you can be for
almost anything because you don't have
any responsibilities you aren't in
charge of managing the federal budget or
reducing our deficit and debt
obligations free stuff sounds great
but free stuff is almost never free oh
look at the condensation dripping hello
as well yes yes free stuff isn't free
unless we're giving it to the rich all
of a sudden trillions of dollars
materialized out of nowhere and he
concludes with as Jake's interview made
very very clear Ocasio Cortez isn't
there yet and by the way that's just a
little bit of sexism sprinkled in there
like Oh Cassio Cortez young woman
doesn't understand how to have n Ages
and perhaps etc doesn't know how to
govern but the most important thing if
you put those sexism ageism etc aside is
but Chris Jake did you guys for one
second ever considered how we're
governing today and I don't mean just
under Donald Trump I mean under your
beloved establishment under your beloved
status quo it's been an absolute
disaster
epic deficit after deficit under
Republicans and Democrats and in the tax
cuts and the wars and the spending and
all those things that never got us any
of the results that they promised do you
remember that the Bush administration
and congressional hearings said of the
Iraq war would cost 1.7 billion dollars
instead it cost several trillion dollars
and did you ever ask them how dare you
you obviously don't know how to govern
look at these children in the Bush
administration child Dick Cheney doesn't
know how to govern a foolish John Bolton
doesn't understand anything about money
did you ever put up a graphic and say
John Bolton where's the money where's
the money where's the trillions of
dollars you wasted no never because you
assume the status quo is a great thing
whereas the rest of the country does not
we think the status quo is a disaster
well I mean I think you look obviously
going back to the the skyrocketing
skyrocketing costs of the war effort you
know a rock in Afghanistan that that's
certainly true but we don't even need to
go back that far I mean they just passed
it
offense budget this week 673 billion
dollars that's never expressed in the
same way you know what does that
actually mean over the course of a
decade well we assumed if it doesn't go
up and of course it always goes up that
that's six point seven trillion dollars
right there how are we gonna afford it
some of my favorite free stuff is
military stuff but free stuff isn't free
so how are we going to afford that they
would never ask that question of anyone
democrat or republican lib or
conservative because with certain types
of programs the assumption is that the
value is there if they say we need seven
hundred billion dollars in the actual
budget not you know including continuing
expenses and things like Syria obviously
we need that we need to have military
defense budget levels that are similar
to under Vietnam even though we're not
in a war or even close to comparable if
they do the tax cuts the assumption is
that the value is there the Republicans
always say that if you cut taxes that
will actually generate more government
revenue so they just assume that that is
the case I didn't hear him going through
that list of the programs under the the
DSA as he was labeling it and talking
about all the benefits of that if you
cut these student loans what do you
think happens to the money that the
people would have been spending on their
loans they'll be spending it on other
things which not only stimulates the
economy but also produces more
government revenue we know that it on
the on the opposite way when you cut
people's taxes people who are already
making millions or potentially more each
year they're not then plowing that saved
money back into you know Starbucks and
buying cars they're generally putting
the money offshore so they've got it
exactly twisted Jake Tapper could take
that same sort of condescending attitude
and make a great career out of applying
that same sort of rigorous standard
hopefully attached to the facts to every
politician that comes before him but he
of course will not do that he will do
that with libs
and probably just young latina female
libs like Alexandria caster Cortes he
will never take that tone with Steve
King or did anyone like that Mick
Mulvaney paul ryan tax cuts all these
things that happened they'll criticize
Donald Trump the two most among whose
not-ready-for-prime-time the guy for the
entire election talked about all the
promises you can make promises when
you're live he brought up of course he
brought up a long with Alexandria Koster
Cortes he also brought up Andrew Gilliam
just I don't know it just iced to that
name in there too because you know all
these guys who were new to the scene
at least in your mind it's like he has
him to do anything in Tallahassee for
all these years
it's just that oh you just heard their
name Nash it means they don't know what
they're doing
of course yes this criticism for Donald
Trump for his craziness is over-the-top
rhetoric and when he talks and responses
on it's all but he's he's connecting
with the people it's okay to connect
with the people in the country that
you're staying in the heartland of the
country but not for the people who she's
in New York
somebody's in California all those crazy
libs all they want is handouts when you
see a rich person getting handouts which
they did and then it all gets siphoned
out we had tariff fights where people
are losing jobs I remember he was at
Trump was promising carrier jobs
harley-davidsons losing he doesn't know
how these things work they'll point out
that that's happening but they then
won't say and why should we trust him
with anything else they'll just say hey
what crazy with that the next step is
the next thing he says is gonna screw
you over too they'll say that here
because I'm telling you there's
something deep down and it happens with
liberals and Jake Tapper's pretty good
on a lot of socially progressive things
I think from what I've seen but there's
still something inside even from a lot
of liberals that they see a young woman
a young minority of either gender and
they'll go I just I can't see her making
legislation that I have to follow it it
doesn't feel good to them there's still
something that bit of some people's
stomachs they don't like seeing that
face do something for the country that
they have to then follow there might be
a thing on women and mouths - I mean I'm
I I have a degree in math I've got a
graduate degree in statistics I am I
want to talk a little bit about you know
some of the things you mentioned about
how we can dig into what Jake Tapper
didn't do and think about how this
really benefits the economy whatever the
cost is because a cost is also a
reallocation that's what happened when
for example the Fed created out of
nowhere four and a half trillion dollars
to give to the US banking system to
allow them to be prosperous instead of
say taking a third of that 1.4 trillion
which is a correct number on tappers
list and using it to defuse the student
debt so that when students actually
graduate they can go ahead and pay for
things and not have to pay for all their
debt similar with health care right now
and that's I think where this number
came from we pay as
Americans three point four trillion
dollars a year in health care so what
the bat basic study that tapper chose to
use in that interview said okay well ten
times that's thirty four trillion so
that's the number which has nothing to
do with anything first of all that is
the number that includes increases
Hospital cost increases in premiums
it doesn't look at more importantly the
deflection of any money whatever the
right number is from paying premiums and
paying additional healthcare and paying
from other things that could go into the
economy into preserving one's life or or
one's health for example right now the
average family in the United States pays
about eight thousand dollars a year in
health care costs five thousand dollars
sometimes per individual if you told
everyone you're getting a five thousand
or eight thousand dollar tax cut in
other words we are reappropriation your
pockets so that you can you put that
into the economy that looks like a
really great game and that is a much
smaller game than the one and a half
trillion dollars of tax cuts that went
to corporations who only pay for nine
percent of the federal budget so all of
how we should be looking at the essence
of what Alexandria said and why Bernie
Sanders says and what progressives say
which is that we need to choose how we
grow our economy do we our grow our
economy by funding stuff that doesn't go
into the economy but makes GDP look
better or do we fund the economy by
taking things into the economy that can
allow its citizens to be healthier and
citizens to be more productive
economically and raise GDP nowhere in
any of the conversations that attack
what progressives want to do with their
spending indicates the increase that
happens on the other side of
reallocating funds away from helping
those that don't need it and re
attributing that to people who can use
it into the real economy whether that is
after-school whether that is instead of
health care costs whether that's to grow
businesses whatever that might be raised
GDP actually inflate the economy so that
as a country we're not paying 17% of GDP
in health care costs versus 9% in almost
every other developed country almost
more than basically double but we're
actually increasing GDP and reducing
health care costs so that we are
healthier as an
and four people so I want to make one
final comment about their view of the
status quo
and and look I agree with jr. that that
they're probably socially liberal I you
know and I've credited Jake Tapper in
the past for some good segments and we
try to be fair here you know here I'll
try even more here look I think you guys
make might make some good points that I
mentioned it to about you know is that
their age is it is it that they're new
onto the scene it's a tie I think it's
mainly to this is an ironic way of being
fair to them but their disdain for
progressives in general because they
have show the same disdain to Bernie
Sanders and so and he's in obviously a
different category and so but in their
worldview these guys are all outsiders
and now don't know how to govern they've
thought about of Bernie Sanders that way
for the last 40 years to them he seems
like a radical for proposing things that
in almost every issue about 60% or
higher of Americans agree with it is not
a radical position again I asked you to
look at the polling I asked you that
from the outside because you almost
never invite us on the inside so you
sometimes you'll talk to Bernie Sanders
you did a three minute segment with
Alexandria crosshair Cortes and then you
follow with like progressives can never
answer the questions that's because you
don't ask them you ambushed her with a
made-up number and then never followed
up with any other progressive other than
they keep pounding that they can't
answer they can't answer it well you
don't actually have them on air look at
the answer no me just keep she's a
former managing director of Goldman
Sachs has written a number of
best-selling books about these issues I
think there's plenty of progressives
should choose from but somehow CNN never
gets them on air there's wall-to-wall
Trump people there's wall-to-wall
Clinton people but when it comes to
progressives no here at Amazon for three
minutes and they make fun of them for a
week afterwards and don't let them
defend themselves but and maybe their
look again I guess I'm gonna sound a
little condescending here but two can
play at this game maybe they're afraid
of the answer that if we came out there
and we made these points they'd like
whoa that's smooth we don't talk about
that on there so for example jr. alluded
to you know with progresses they are
always saying oh you want free stuff you
want free stuff that's a Republican
talking point Oh welfare the well
Queens what's up but hey how come you
guys almost never talked about corporate
welfare an amazing study between 2010
and 2015 but the two hundred top
companies who gave money to politicians
gape and astounding 5.8 billion dollars
but you know where they received in
return four point four trillion dollars
in subsidies what was your graphing
about that all right
you're a multi billion dollar
corporation so maybe that's what makes
you uncomfortable but and a lot of those
people advertise on your list keep it
real and maybe that's why you don't want
progressives on air but the reality is
that there if there is welfare in this
country people who want free stuff its
corporate welfare and they robbed us to
the tune of trillions of dollars so
you'll excuse us that when someone
proposes to spend money on the American
people that we get excited by that
because for the first time it would be
our representatives representing us
rather than their corporate donors okay
look I can go on and on it whole part
about cops but we gotta go different
stories for you guys we got to take a
quick break here then some of the most
important things I believe the Domino's
are about to begin with Rosenstein and
and and Cohen so come back and do that
hey guys it's stuff with the Young Turks
and I am here at the Las Vegas
Convention Center where Donald Trump is
about to take the stage for a make
America great again rally the only
plausible explanation that I could
possibly come up with for why someone
would come to a Donald Trump rally is
because they don't actually see the same
president that I'm seeing we're
comparing two completely different
people the question that I'm here to
find the answer to is where do you get
your news yes well I'm a fox news
watcher and Sean Hannity is gonna be
here today and I figured that's a too
far I love Sean Hannity I mainly get my
news from my mom and then I kind of
research it on my own and get my own
opinions and I just think like the media
puts out what they want everyone to see
they don't really put out the truth I
try and read CNN and then read Fox and
then try and figure out my own middle
ground mostly on the off the web social
media Fox News there's a couple of
websites that will go to that after you
watch them for a while you can tell if
they're doing a decent job a straight
job of reporting that it was you know
I'm a millennial and I can see my
college classes if you ask a lot of
almost all a majority of the students
get their media from exclusively from
social media like Twitter uh Drudge
Infowars that type of thing I read The
Guardian if I want something to the left
I check fox and got Drudge Report and I
thought so what are your thoughts about
this sort of fake news narrative I think
we do have a biased media in America I
think CNN and some of these other news
outlets are fake news and
NBC CNN ABC NBC CBS so you think New
York Times and The Washington Post
because one goes for the left and one
goes for the right I don't think either
one of them tell the whole truth I mean
I think when the times went for Hillary
like you have a major News Corporation
supporting the candidate how am I
supposed to believe that you're gonna
give me the independent the real news
when you're you're not gonna turn it to
support your candidate when you clearly
come out to support somebody I always
just watch CNN thought that was the real
news and it's not the real news because
they don't tell you anything for the
most part I don't believe much of what I
hear in the mainstream media I go check
online see what they're saying you know
either they're close but they're way off
I think with Fox you get a fair balanced
I think they do have people from the
left on there as well as the right so I
think Fox is fair balanced when there
are privately owned media organizations
like CNN like MSNBC ABC NBC you know and
they're privately owned companies if the
person who owns that company doesn't
have the same political view as you then
why would they publish something that
goes toward your Canada's favor it's not
that they might twist the truth they
don't even let the truth out it's out of
control ridiculous there's no
accountability at CNN or anywhere else
but you know in smaller places like
Breitbart and I just feel like there are
a lot more trusted if we can find where
their sources are at and go back and
look at the original and you know that's
where you find out that they've cropped
videos or taking stories out of context
and I look for that we all want the same
thing we want to be free in America to
do what we want to be left alone where
you get your news matters it affects
your perspective it affects your values
it affects your vote if you care about
the progressive values that TYT brings
to the media landscape if you want to
see more progressive change in
Washington then I encourage you to
become a member of TYT your voice
matters your vote matters help us be the
home of progress
says and be on the left side of history
head over to to y-t-dot-com slash rally
to join today too many comments here I'm
gonna power through them romantic
warrior says TYT is the bomb honored to
be a member thank you we appreciate it
TYT counselors joined of course to
become a member being plain Jane so this
is YouTube super chat says yes you're
debating Tucker this is great
should be interesting dr. pepper Oh doom
writes it on Twitter using hashtag T YT
live the right wing better get to his
thoughts and prayers ready for Tucker
Carlson he's gonna need them we'll see
we'll see
it'll be fun chaos magician 77 says just
convince my trump supporter parents to
support Medicare for all whoa I love
that one that's my favorite comment Gaby
Morita says anyone fixating on the
notion that Medicare for all will cost X
while deliberately omitting that it will
overall save why is being intentionally
dishonest and that is a fair point you
have to wonder why they're doing that
and Axia 66 and these are now in the
member comments and and we prioritize
those of course for our members could
the White House have made up and leaked
the Rosenstein info so that they could
use it to fire him Trump jr. didn't
waste a second to attack tweet him so
hold we're getting that story and that
is an interesting hypothesis one last
thing pull results from yesterday we
asked you guys if Christine Blasi Ford
should testify in the Cavanaugh hearings
and I was very curious to see which way
you guys were gonna go in the polls
still open at TYT calm slash poll 80%
said yes and animate a spirited case
against it and and there's good reasons
against it but eighty percent want her
to testify okay all right and oh by the
way I should mention if they're
happening on Monday we're gonna cover
them live on t y-t-dot-com slash live
that's for everybody okay members of
course always get all the content
towards as well if you miss it live but
those are really really important
hearings so we'll be here at 10 a.m.
Eastern if they're on Monday if they're
on a later day we will cover it on that
day so we will definitely be covering it
live make sure you're tuned into TYT all
right yeah and to be clear the entire
run of yeah the entire day okay all
right okay let's talk about this
actually there have been any number of
people in both media and politics who
have stepped up in the past week or so
to launch absolutely horrible and
worsening attacks against Christine
Blasi Ford for having accused Brett
Kavanaugh of sexually assaulting her
several decades ago but up until this
morning Donald Trump had chosen to
mostly sit on the sidelines which is not
really that's really normal for him
especially considering his own dark past
in this area of both harassment and
assault and his steadfast support for
any man accused of these things
including Rob Porter and all of that
but as of this morning he is off the
sidelines he's in the game and here is
how he has decided to weigh in on this
topic saying judge Brett Kavanaugh is a
fine man with an impeccable reputation
who is under assault by radical
left-wing politicians who don't want to
know the answers they just want to
destroy and delay facts don't matter I
go through this with them every single
day in DC the interesting thing to
remember about that as we proceed to his
other tweets is that he says the other
side doesn't want to know the facts so
bear that in mind
second tweet I have no doubt that if the
attack on dr. Ford was as bad as she
says charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities by either her or her loving
parents I asked that she bring those
filings forward so that we can learn
date time and place again he wants to
learn date time in place he wants the
facts in that second tweet but now we
get to the third where he says the
radical left lawyers want the FBI to get
involved now why didn't someone call the
FBI 36 years ago that's the interesting
thing you seem to desperately want to
know what was going on and then you
attack them for involving the FBI an
organization whose job is to find out
what is going on I think that we would
all like to understand a little bit more
about what is going on right now but
also what happened 36 years ago he seems
to have a very weird tenuous approach to
that that's just one part of it though
of course the thrust of his main
argument is that
her not willing to go forward to the
police when it happened as a 17 year old
should really make you question whether
she knows what happened is remembering
it wrong maybe it's making up the entire
thing there's their shades of a
conspiracy in some of those tweets this
has been described of course as
slut-shaming also advancing long many
times debunked myths about how sexual
assault survivors choose to function and
whether we should believe them based on
the way that they act as rain made clear
an organization that deals with sexual
violence in reality seven out of every
ten victims don't report to the police
and they go on to explain that while
seven out of ten don't report of those
who do very very few a far smaller
fraction get any sort of justice all of
these these things are contributing
factors to people not wanting to come
forward and I would now add to that list
the fact that the president United
States possibly the single most powerful
person in the world is coming and out in
attacking a victim of sexual assault
well that this is a president who tends
to pay people off not to talk about
things that he imagines nothing happened
so it could be that the the method in
which Kavanagh could have handled
something that may have happened in his
mind would have been how he would have
handled it yeah
so that's all convoluted the reality is
you know she as you said in those stats
not and proportionally most victims of
any kind of assault don't come through
and they don't come through specifically
for the reason that they could be shame
they might not be heard they are dealing
with it in their own personal and in her
case that's what she was doing for all
that time it wasn't like she wasn't
potentially you know this is stressed or
that she didn't go to therapy or she
didn't have that all of the activity
around and around the past and what
happened in her mind and in how she
developed her life but that said you
know the guy who is the President of the
United States and you know kudos to him
for like holding it together for two
days and not going after her for him but
that is just you just just another
analytic shameful ways in which he
misbehaves because the reality is his
job is to say
just part of what you just went over I
want to know what happened and we should
continue to determine what happened as
well as what Cavanaugh's other
questioning might amount to by but by
the by the committee as he goes through
his hearing this is a guy who could
possibly or not be taking over a major
seat for a long time possibly more than
36 years in the Supreme Court
that's all he should be doing so let's
note a couple things for the record here
the FBI would not have been able to
investigate that crime 36 years ago
would be local law enforcement Trump
doesn't know that on the other hand what
does Trump know and on the other hand he
said just the other day that destroying
the FBI would be one of his crowning
achievements of his administration so
and and you have to know this is an
important fact that only the president
can ask the FBI to do a further
background check in this case and so
he's saying well I mean a volley we
could know these facts this to John's
point well there is one way to know if
you asked the FBI to look into it but if
you don't then yes then I think the rest
of us can do about it and then yeah he
does he did want to set a precedent
where the FBI is looking at incredible
claims of sexual assault amongst
powerful Republican because if it's
towing that yeah and and earlier in the
week like hmm he's showing some degree
of restraint that seems amazing well
let's see how long it lasts but we'd sui
said it we said hey look man you gotta
call it as it is
that's restraint he didn't attack her
right and he and he said well you we
just want the facts like somebody gave
him that talking point but he's stuck
with it yeah okay it's a really low bar
to give Donald Trump a complicated job
you didn't viciously attack someone who
alleged an attempted rape but of course
he couldn't hold it of course he
couldn't
so today bla why did she do my like the
the part of the tweets that was most
despicable
so questioning whether someone actually
went through an experience week you know
because they didn't have the they didn't
come forward when they were 15
she was scared to death she said that
her parents would find out that she was
drinking at that party and that she got
herself in trouble she's 15 years old at
the time etc so that's all terrible
enough but did you notice the worst part
of it or her loving parents common in
other words that's her parents fault for
not coming forward they didn't even know
about it he's such a bad guy he can't
help but viciously attack people that
you know that are in any way in his way
I think that comment actually went to
her credibility as someone today as well
even though yes he was attacking as well
he was attacking her parents for not
knowing something they didn't know back
then we're not doing something they
couldn't know about to do back then but
I just think it was also super
condescending I mean you know here here
is here's of what dr. Ford you know here
is someone who's actually come quite a
long ways in life right and to kind of
infant oh why is that in this tweet I
thought was like an additional extra
trumpian dig know that there's small
words always look at the details because
actually I was waiting for all this for
this for days as you said he's been
holding it in the only thing of the
trifecta of she took too long to come
forward where was the police involved
all that stuff happening the other part
of this that he forgot to go with which
maybe it happened tomorrow is you see
her face you see her body
why would judge Kevin don't want
anything to do with this gun that's the
only thing left in Trump's normal
toolbox is to talk about how she looks
and why that's not a thing lastly I'm
not tweeting us if this attack was as
bad as she says so that's kind of
admitting that there could have been an
attack and it wasn't that bad yeah it
was just some as one of the supporters
from the Judicial Watch Network one of
those it was just some rough horseplay
so it was an attack but it just wasn't
that bad so she's bringing us up at all
she did was just try to get in there
bans oh this is all that happens yeah I
love he's just my shade of difference on
that is he's he's saying either it
wasn't that bad right
it was just rough horseplay as the
judicial crisis networks first person
said it or it was really if it or she's
making it up because if it was that bad
obviously you'd go report it to the
police and because in his mind remember
one of the things he's charged what he
was accused of is while his
wife was upstairs in the middle of an
interview he cornered a reporter pressed
her against the wall and started
fondling her and you remember from the
Access Hollywood tapes he says he just
grabbed him by the genitalia if you're
powerful there's nothing you could do
about it
he views that as not bad right right he
was like hey a stranger in an alleyway I
guess as that's bad and obviously you
would go to the cops with that
everything else you just shut up about
as Prager said Dennis Prager said
earlier in the week Oh
people grab my mom's breasts all the
time they grab my wife's breasts and
they were they were they were empowered
enough to say knock it out yeah so I
want to add just one more development
today to this because I think it needs
to be acknowledged and he he's gotten
into this many of the other defenders of
Kavanagh I've gotten into this there is
no one whose life story and choices and
actions and communication are examined
with more of a fine-tooth comb than
survivors of sexual assault and god help
you if you are not the perfect victim
who acts exactly the way they expect
baits up based on mythology they've
created if you don't you know report it
in the right way at the right time all
of that so they've been saying this
whole time she waited a really long time
it was a really long time ago I just
don't buy it there's no evidence okay
well we are finding more out more now
that we know about this and reporters
can look into it about what was
happening to her and her social group
around that time so the New York Times
talked with an unnamed male friend of
hers that said that after the summer of
the alleged attack for then known as
Chrissy Blasi fell off the face of the
earth socially that's a quote then says
all I remember this is the gentleman I
all I remember is after my junior
thinking where is she she was the sort
of person a lot of people paid attention
to she was a leader she was great I was
like where did she go so I don't expect
that that will actually convince anyone
of anything if they already believe that
she's a liar but she is acting and has
acted through the course of her life up
to and including her fears about what
testifying next week could actually be
like she is acting exactly like the
victim of sexual assault and that
behavior can come in many different
forms the idea that we should be picking
apart or behavior to say and that's not
how I would have acted if I had almost
been raped is utterly absurd utterly
insulting it also leads to more
women not being willing to come forward
when they're attacked in similar ways so
last thing here is Kellyanne Conway was
on TV minutes before the tweet and said
there's no reason the president would
attack her
what are you doing Kellyanne you should
know better than that by now you know
that he's gonna have you go say that an
attack her the very next minute and in
this case it was literal it was minutes
after she said that on TV
he sent the the tweets yeah and and as
we told you earlier in the in the live
show we will be covering the hearings if
she's going to testify we'll cover all
of them at TYT dot-com slash live and
we'll give our analysis on the spot as
we cover it live so don't miss that and
and it's our wish and as our poll showed
on T YT comm slash poll eighty percent
of you guys also want her to testify
because we want to get to add the truth
okay we got to take another break here
guys when we come back Rosenstein this
one is huge
we'll be right back
look we're doing interviews over there
and we've done some amazing ones
recently so now of course you know the
person most widely considered to be the
most progressive senators Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primary why be a Democrat at all that
we're in the time where you cannot get
through
sit on the sidelines of history in 2017
consumer products sold under the Teflon
brand are safe
DuPont did in fact ask EPA to make those
statements correct that's correct
when I was pregnant with Becky I worked
for DuPont around Teflon they tried to
blame me they said it was something that
I did the more they would tell me that
the more suspicious I got you did see
there was a substantial risk to the
women at the DuPont plant there was no
potential risk to the women there was a
potential risk to the fetus
excused in consumer products
manufacturing products and the
applications were endless these teflon
and Scotchgard chemicals permeated the
living world
today every baby is born with Teflon
chemicals in their blood DuPont and
another company called 3m had been
studying this chemical dating back to
the 1950s and 1960s
did you work with a lot of other people
that have been sick or died early
Carol Kaplan Jim Brown law - Julie Burt
Steve Balak loan a car they're aware of
the risk of the product risk is relative
if I got here sprinkle our snake around
that arrests made murder you've lied and
they're still alive everybody in this
area in one way or another is connected
to pot you go dealing with somebody's
livelihood you're gonna have problems
there was a discussion about do we need
to come up with something in our
production that's not gonna cause these
problems they conclude if we launch
something new it's gonna cost us a lot
of money we have to stick with the devil
we know
was i guinea pig what do you think
they'd rather lose to Republicans that
have a progressive win with them that
sounds dumb the corporate Democrats our
it's a Democrat to lug amoeba sleep at
the end of the day they're the ones who
push the right-wing agenda
whoever wrote that I'm sure they were
typing with one hand and going like this
with you
the Democrats are it the way you feel
right now that's how a chump feels
do not freak out
you
they did a hundred squats a day for 30
days straight I was like how hard can
that be doesn't sound very hard so I'm
gonna try to do this for 30 days and see
if there's any any difference in my
physique three weeks late Steve how is
your exercise regimen coming along with
your squats so now I did a hundred 100
100 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 users back in the
Turks Hall in the members section says
shoot Kavanagh be nominated if he
doesn't ask for an FBI investigation
shouldn't a potential Supreme Court
judge want this when ruling on cases so
that's an interesting point and a very
interesting article I read today where I
made a similar point saying we want
someone who is deliberate and
deliberative and so you want someone to
say whoa hey let's consider this you
know how they always say we just want to
call balls and strikes right so do you
want a Supreme Court justice was like
let's rest your decision before getting
all the information ok look if I was
accused I would want a further
investigation because I didn't do it but
anyway we've been over that but thank
you for the comment last one is YouTube
super chat for stability a
representative democracy must provide
for the welfare of the people
authoritarian governments are stabilized
by brutality and poverty the right are
not in a legitimate debate they have a
goal so and it is it is interesting when
Cable News hosts question when you are
looking for the welfare of the people
but not others ok that Prince to the
different debating styles something you
should keep in mind as you tangle with
Tucker Carlson that indeed there aren't
necessarily the same goals
speaking of debates in about eight
minutes
benno versus beta begins Beto O'Rourke
versus Ted Cruz John's gonna stay with
us because this story's probably gonna
take a little bit longer but the debate
will start and then John and Burke will
start the analysis of it members you can
go
either place t y-t-dot-com /join to
become a member and then if you remember
t y-t-dot-com such members live to watch
it live you don't have to watch it live
you could watch it later as well
okay you get all members get all the
programming anytime they want all right
John let's do the most important okay
let's do it dramatic news for a number
of different reasons different reasons
for different groups I think you'll
you'll come to see the Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein apparently
suggested last year that he could wear a
wire to secretly record the president
and at least once if not more than once
suggested the possibility of deploying
the 25th amendment to remove Donald
Trump prematurely from office we're
gonna talk about the implications of
that but you should understand going
into it that rod Rosenstein disputes the
New York Times is reporting saying that
the story is inaccurate and factually
incorrect he says I will not further
comment on a story based on anonymous
sources who are obviously biased against
the department and are advancing their
own personal agenda but let me be clear
about this based on my personal dealings
with the president there is no basis to
invoke the 25th amendment which is one
stance on that now what's interesting
about this is this information has now
come out there are multiple sources for
this information
who would have actually leaked this who
benefits from this information getting
out now you might say well if there was
discussion about removing Donald Trump
from office by people like rod Rosen
side that is concerning
so perhaps an enemy of the president
might have leaked this to cause some
sort of scandal surrounding his
presidency however there are many people
big allies of Donald Trump that would
love to get rod Rosen Stein out of
office and rod Rosen's are Donald Trump
values loyalty above all else and so if
this information comes out and rod Rosen
sign is not capable of reassuring Donald
Trump that it's not true it could lead
to him being fired someone else being
put in into his position who could
theoretically end the Moller
investigation and we actually do have
some information we can get to in a
little bit about if rod Rosen Stein was
removed who would then be in charge of
the investigation which is also
interesting so having looked at the
report
or my assessment is that it is clearly
allies of the president who have leaked
this and and I believe that the
president will fire Rosenstein
imminently I would be really surprised
if he made it past the weekend this
president is not known for restraint and
he was looking for an excuse to fire
Rosenstein anyway because he had
appointed robert muller the special
counsel and if he replaces Rosenstein
with someone who is personally loyal to
him and makes clear that he's personally
loyal to him that person could fire
Muller they needed an excuse this will
probably serve plenty well enough for
their purposes now this is important it
doesn't mean that this story isn't true
the story might be true anyway and then
they use it as a reason to fire
Rosenstein now we're now it is unnamed
sources I new questioned their motives
but overall I was left with the
impression that the story is true so I'm
curious what you guys think about that
yeah I think reading some of that as
well it does appear that there there is
truth to it we don't know for sure but
but but it does seem like that and it's
interesting the level to which either
his allies or the president has sunk and
again low bar to try and remove an
investigation or or a pillar of an
investigation or someone related to
Muller out of his way and I really think
that the timing of this is particularly
interesting there's two things going on
of course we're moving into the election
that always changes the timing of
everything that helps his base like him
better and all of that and therefore
other Republicans he might endorse but
also it's it's in the wake of what's
been going on in terms of the
discoveries from tax implications on :
on mana 4 and so forth and it's on I
think the back of mole are getting
closer and closer not just to what may
or may not have happened regarding
Russia but what may or may not be going
on in the Trump Organization itself and
so I think he even has a double reason
to try and shut things down to her his
allies do to try and shut things down to
keep him where he is it's not just that
investigation I think now
we're looking at shutting down a lot of
investigation around that into his own
finances which hopefully we will get to
know much more about someday guess the
hard part is I mean so the refusals are
the accurate the inaccuracy in Factory
and correct talk about it someone has to
be lying every time there's someone
that's lying because everyone says they
dispute the validity of such of such
statements and from this particular
place so while on one side there's that
he's trying to say this position maybe
he's one of the guys who wants to get to
the bottom of this is you know we can
assume that that's the thing since he's
part of the head of it so he has to
somehow deny all of it you can't come on
say yeah sure sure I totally said that
man this guy is out of his mind we got
to do somebody you can't say that so
someone is lying on some point but Jake
to your point about whether or not
someone wants to come out and and do
something to get him out of there
whether it's not true or not Trump has
to believe that this which was it was a
watch supposed to New York Times well
yes yes believe the New York that's a
great point
he continues to not believe any of these
newspapers but yes to believe one of
them which he has before he's quoted the
New York Times about things that help
him carry his point along but then when
it's something that's detrimental to
what he wants to do it's like whatever
but it's anonymous sources which we know
he hates so I thought this was the
fairly new your attempts I'm sure that
Donald Trump wouldn't trust with the
fake news media is saying about his own
deputy attorney general even if it suits
his purposes would he yeah of course
he's gonna trust the anonymous sources
in the New York Times when it suits him
so clearly this is the situations far
too straightforward so let me throw a
couple complications here away a few
curves so he says that it's factually
inaccurate he doesn't necessarily say
that the exact quotes that are
attributed to him are not true and the
interesting thing about that is that you
can say something but mean one of many
things depending on how you say it and
so one added complication is that one of
the sources says that he did say those
things about wearing a wire but he was
speaking sarcastically which if you if
you report that to the New York Times at
not saying that it was sarcastic
implying that he meant it then that
maybe goes to the possibility that it
was enemies or supporters of Donald
Trump that would have leaked this what's
interesting though is that while he
claims that there's no
to invoke the 25th amendment you have
things like a memo from FBI a lawyer
Lisa page who we've heard a lot about
she did contemporaneous note-taking of
that meeting and there were no
references to the 25th amendment in her
notes seems like the sort of thing that
you would probably take note of since
it's such a drastic action but then
other people's notes say that not only
did he mention the 25th amendment but it
wasn't the only time that he mentioned
the 25th amendment and that specifically
he also said that he might be able to
persuade Attorney General Jeff Sessions
and John Kelly then Secretary of
Homeland Security now obviously chief of
staff to be involved in it so this is
not you know an offhand comment if there
can be one of the 25th amendment but
it's one that apparently he had put some
thought into how strategically he would
proceed yes so some more nuance here
Andrew McCabe is a guy that Donald Trump
has attacked over and over and now has
driven out of the FBI mccabe wrote
rights notes at the time saying that
rosa stein did talk about wearing a wire
so now mccabe also had conflicts with
Comey you know why because they're all
human beings and they agree and disagree
in parts and there's different things
that go into their calculations Trump on
the other hand lives in a black and
white world and wants his followers to
live in that world in his conspiracy
mccabe Rosenstein and Comey are all
working together against them in the
real world McCabe says hey Rosa Stein's
talking about wearing a wire with the
president I could write that down that
doesn't sound good
so that made that's mccabe actually in a
sense helping Trump or making a note
that winds up helping Trump but Trump
can't tell the difference all because
he's actually did do it so he's like I
don't know they're all bad at the FBI
but in reality at different times Comey
Rosenstein and McCain have supported
Trump in fact Rosen Stein's the guy who
fired called me or he wrote a memo that
was used as justification for firing
Comey and and that leads to another
important point
the New York Times reporters do not know
who wrote the New York Times editorial
the senior administration official that
said yes we were considering the 24th
amendment so the op-ed section of the
New York Times is keeping that as
crit so the reporters meanwhile are
looking to uncover the source that the
other section of the paper has right and
that's their job and so as I read this I
thought it looks like roses teen wrote
that op-ed I was wondering that yeah
this thing what once the part came where
they talked about yeah and then he won
it he asked a couple of senior
administration officials that they would
do it it's like that's shades of the
editorial yes someone in the audience
needs to Google rod Rosen Stein lodestar
yeah Ben and I had done a draft to see
and pick the people who might have
written the op-ed in an episode of old
school which you could check out if you
remember at TYT calm /join anyway I'm so
mad when I read this that I didn't pick
roses tonight and so why why Rosa Stein
writes a memo saying hey call me didn't
treat Hillary Clinton investigation
properly and that's a fair mom memo
right but he doesn't know the Trump is
gonna use it as an excuse to fire Comey
and he actually really likes Comey Comey
was a role model too in fact when he was
according to this new New York Times
report when he was considering who to
appoint a special counsel even though he
had helped in s in essence getting rid
of Comey which he wanted to call Comey
and ask him who should I get a special
counsel because he looked up to him so
Trump takes the memo that Rosenstein
road against combing goes thank you very
much that's what I needed
Kobe's fired because of Rosen Steiner
roses that goes no he didn't handle that
right a nice you know fire him
he feels like Trump threw him under a
bus and that he's wildly erratic
so that is why according to these
sources he's going around telling people
does he look as erratic to you as he
does to me you see the one am I the one
that sort of crazy bill here they said
this acting nuts and and plus of course
there's something personal there because
he threw rosa Stein under the bus so and
and finally the maybe the most important
part of this is I hope the Muller team
is gathering their papers storing them
somewhere yeah and and getting ready to
hand it off to people because yeah the
dominoes could fall really quickly here
Trump is a ticking time bomb to begin
with he hates the roses time for a
pointing Weller couldn't wait to get rid
of him so he could put a Lackey displace
this probably will give him plenty good
enough excuse he'll likely fire Rosen
style he'll likely put in someone he
deeply deeply trusts in that role know
if it'll be Jared Kushner I don't know
the person who would naturally the power
would fall to right now everything about
his legal philosophy implies that he
would end the Muller investigation yes
whoever he puts into that place is
unlikely to be a professional more
likely to be a just an ally of Donald
Trump in the world and that person then
would have the power to end the Muller
investigation so that's why I say this
could happen really really quickly
Muller better save up every piece of
evidence he's got and and make sure that
he can hand it off to somebody because
they might be coming to shut the whole
thing down and if I could just say I I
don't think that it would be wise for
anyone who cares about continuing
consequences for presidents when they
break the law for you to wait until this
happens the investigation is end and
then think well what what could we have
done or what might we do there are
already plans in effect right now I
believe Media Matters has promoted this
if not you can search Jordan all on
Twitter has there's already rallies
ready to launch when this happens when
he is actually fired so you don't have
to wait and then hope to find out
something then there are already
contingencies in effect that you can
sign on to to get notifications well and
that also maybe after the election you
know we wake up other things are going
on and then he uses that moment to get
rid of Muller the good thing is there
are other investigations around him and
his company's going on in New York State
and at the state level so yeah it's not
gonna be over there's no way that waits
to election so yeah you just thought
what he did with the attacking doctor
Blasi he can't restrain himself he tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
there's no way he waits the fire
Rosenstein all the way to the election
not Rosenstein right I think Moses does
going right and money even with Muller
I'd be surprised and by the way Muller
lets go man you already talked to
Michael Cohen you already talked a man
afford it if you have something this
might be this is not normal times if
you're thinking oh well you don't want
to go before an election and the
president wouldn't fire me before an
election that would seem to you know
politically these are not normal times
if you have it go now go public now and
but we don't know because we're not part
of their investigation yeah and by the
way to be fair to Donald Trump if he
talked to all those people and Donald
Trump didn't do anything wrong people
should know that before the election -
either way because they say oh it might
affect the election well it should
affect the election then if the
president is innocent people should know
that before the election if he did do
something and the entire Republican
Party's covering for him they should
also know that before the election it
would be political to keep that secret
if you already know it what is not
political is going when you have it okay
when you would normally announce it as
opposed to waiting for elections yeah
okay
all right we gotta go is a wonderful
power panel the Ted Cruz better work
debate has begun in the one I want to
thank NBC 5 for letting us carry it for
our members TYT councilors joined to
become a member and watch it John and
Brooke are gonna cover it and they'll be
joining it in progress but we have
another power panel coming up here and
the incredibly important Michael Cohen
story we have not done that yet and then
we're gonna have a little bit of fun
with outrageous Halloween costumes etc
to line up the weekend as well so we'll
be right back and thank you all all
right thank you right back
while the other governors Joe's gonna be
Rosario drop it we became the first ever
daily online web television show no the
Constitution is the very core of America
the fact that we don't spy on American
citizens that we get a warrant that we
go to a judge that we have a procedure
that we have due process that it is
America on something that they go bother
to stay at throne schools you got to
realize something these schools suck
they want people to pull themselves up
by their bootstraps ya got no straps you
have a boots he let these fires and
trash bins all around town out of
frustration 99 most of you Channel today
on YouTube the shorteez best web host
Billy a new voice Award winner losing
information Channel The Young Turks
another weapon The Young Turks in a
curse
because you watched on livestream yes we
have adopted a pet iguana they showed up
at our door
onto it version in the dark with our
silhouettes it's opening up my head now
let's give the best line of innovate it
was definitely what it is for me I never
want to see another man's foot ever
but a build a wall inside of you I'm
gonna put an anchor in you out of space
I told you we were comes a problem our
gun control is a problem question is how
do we make sure that we blame the person
who is deaf Marcus is that we should
never forget that the most powerful
people in the world exploited the
greatest tragedy in American history to
go to war in a country that had a lot of
Rolling Thunder
that's what this shows
now top
I'm just doing what's right Mexico's
gonna pay for the wall very very big
price so right now I'm walking by Tim
Baba's not gonna make a big deal out of
it it's gonna walk by see if he notices
hey see if he recognizes me it's cool
like Tim he's acting like he doesn't
recognize me it's alright it's cool a
lot of people I recognize me it's okay
if Tim Roberts plays a fool he is
playing it cool I'm gonna walk this way
see I'll give him a chance to record
that let's see if he notices been ready
maybe he didn't notice because you know
my head was turned it's probably cuz my
head was drawn you think it was cuz my
head was turned I think was messed my
head was turned I'm back to gas lady
then you and I talk about yes lighting
on old school probably that boss gas lit
all his female employees people who
manipulate others like that make you
feel like you're the weirdo why won't
you punch yourself in the face what is
wrong with you and you're like oh my god
why don't I just touch myself
I'm 47 I just read earlier this year
that somebody was doing it to you or
that you that wasn't fun that it would
have been happening my whole life and I
didn't realize right all right back in
the editors whole new barrel panel
brett erlich ida and Michaela Watkins
the first time Michaela great to see you
so sad live trophy wife casual on Hulu
and now all of a sudden catastrophe and
this is that about the Donald Trump
administration yeah yeah yeah they used
to be about a couple in England but then
they were like then let's make it about
what's really going down the tube
couples are doing fine in London and so
that's in season four on Amazon right
that's right okay great Michaela thank
you for joining us I did agree to have
you back thank you all right so we got
super important stories for you guys I
want to do a couple of tweets here
I mean member comments and we'll check
in on the thermometer which ever gets
checking on earlier tedo Rukh Khan says
how much you want to bet they primed
this Rosenstein story with the anonymous
White House resistor or op-ed to
reinforce Trump's justification for
firing him I would bet a lot of money
okay captain cornball which is a super
fun name he says I wonder if it might be
a mix of truth and lies the wearing a
wire part is plausible but it would
surprise me if the deploy a Deputy
Attorney General which so openly talk
about the 25th amendment to have
multiple sources for the story remember
the sources disagree one of them says
that he was joking when he said the wire
the other one says he was serious and
it's not some say it's the wire some
saying he was just gonna leave his phone
on record because they don't check okay
and on the 25th amendment some say he
talked about in some say he didn't I
happen to think he probably did both
based on what I read in the story but
that doesn't mean that they shouldn't
had a discussion about the 25th
amendment they should have okay and they
still should do that right now all right
we're doing the membership drive
let's see where we are on the
thermometer TYT calm /join to become a
member of 30 1709 we're looking to get
to 700 yesterday and apparently we did
you guys are awesome can I see 800 by
the end of today 30 1800 well we don't
know but we'll try to check in at the
end of the show all right wait okay
Brett Europe okay so Michael Cohen has
met with Muller when it comes to talking
to try to you know cooperate with the
investigation that was reported
yesterday and it seems like they have
absolutely confirmed that this has
happened
what is he meeting with Muller to talk
about per ABC's discussions it was
discovered that they talked about Russia
in terms of trumps business dealings
with Russia and in addition to that
trumps potential campaign activities in
the lead-up to the election and in
addition to that whether Trump had
talked or whether Cohen had spoken with
Muller about the potential of Trump
pardoning Cohen so those are the things
there's a lot that came out as a result
of the reports from ABC including
whether he talked to Felix Sater they
seemed to say that he did have
conversations of late 2015
including this thing that said I will
get Putin on this program and we will
get Donald elected seems to be like what
Felix @ro corroborating both the
business dealings the program being a
Moscow based Trump Tower and getting
Donald Trump elected with Russia's help
referring to Vladimir Putin the Putin of
Russia Cohen later emailed a Russian
government official hoping to jumpstart
the project which never materialized but
if you're looking for collusion
basically it seems like he has met with
work with Muller and what do you think
the takeaway is going to be okay so a
couple of things here let me just jump
in
Felix Sears has a long history with
breaking the law and then by the way
interestingly cooperating to get out of
those jams with law enforcement in
several different countries and the
reason that Michael Cohen might be
cooperating with the prosecutors in the
first place is because they raided his
home and so at L in his office and they
got all these emails so the emails and
documents are probably incredibly
incriminating so including the one that
says I will get Putin on this program
dominant elected from a guy who works
with the Russians so in an email to
Michael Cohen
so Cohen was already in a world of
trouble and hence the cooperation now
today we also found that according to
New York Times that there are sources
inside the FBI saying that rod
Rosenstein the Deputy Attorney General
talked about recording the president
while he didn't know it to get
incriminating information about him
because all he ever says is
incriminating information you could just
report him at any given time and you'll
get that information and maybe even
invoking the 25th amendment because he
was so mentally unstable so it might be
that Donald Trump's allies leaked that
today given that Michael Cohen we now
find out has been talking to Muller the
special counsel for hours upon hours
it's panic time at the Trump White House
so Michael Cohen was this fixer first of
all do you have a fixer I don't have a
fixer when you break things I mean I
have a manager and I like I did a
terrible thing today you must fix it
cooperate with the Russians to fix an
election protect potentially now I it
doesn't and you know if if I'm just
saying that sometimes people have you
know representatives who will go and
help what this guy has is somebody who
before he was actually a president has
somebody who helps them very big jams
that involve you know destroying
people's lives and that's weird you know
different from my fixer mine is like my
trailer is is it has a really weird
leaking odor you need to fix this like
his is like my gold toy is not about his
gold toilet yeah and of course famously
the stormy Daniels fix and and the hush
money etc that's how Cohen began to get
in trouble and and now has admitted to
doing those crimes and and he's looking
to reverse it
is also tax evasion there's also a lot
of other things and Michael Cohen is the
guy who would call people and threaten
them if they were going to publish
something about Donald Trump if they
were gonna do anything that would hurt
Donald Trump's interest when your fixer
who has all those documents and who has
done all your dirty work for all those
years is cooperating with law
enforcement tick tick tick tick tick
tock with the effort I am I always go to
this good bet I've been following this
pastor who's like really going hard on
Donald Trump on Twitter he's a black
pastor that's like really explaining
what Jesus who Jesus was and if Jesus
would you know if Jesus would have been
born right now he would have been in a
cage because he would have been an
immigrant but he he was explaining about
character amongst Christian Christians
and the people who support Donald Trump
who are always criticizing everybody
else's character but look at the people
that he hangs out with like she's like
this dude is like his Olivia Pope and
he's like the scandal she's the scandal
dude the dude that paid off the women
from the the adultery the you know the
the dude that is trying to guarantee you
the payoff for the election like this
guy look at the people that your guy
hangs out with and they always turn so
there's not even honor amongst thieves
and Soren's the best there are the best
he's surrounded himself with the best
Ryan a cabinet-level but now what's
weird is all of a sudden now that
they're cooperating with a special
counsel
they're the worst be turned on a dime
like weird that is no honor amongst them
there's no loyalty and even mobsters
have loyalty you know what I mean like
this is there beneath like organized
crime but like Michael Cohen seems to be
just doing an impression of TV mobsters
that's what I get for me like she has
the same like jackets that have like if
they were a cartoon you know the
cartoons were like the jacket has a
pattern and when the cartoon moves the
pattern stays in the same place like
he's that kind
rat goes like there's I think he's
narrating himself like in Goodfellas
like he's Ray Liotta yeah trying to get
a donut but I can't because the
helicopters are so loud yeah you know
what dude that's right nobody the
essence of that is correct
because he in his movie in his mind he's
now the hero yeah and and and and
Brett's right too because so Trump
humiliated Michael Cohen over and over
again and and mob bosses do this a lot
of times they put people down yeah but
the one thing and there was a mob expert
that explained a couple weeks ago was a
really great explanation we share it on
the show the that those mob guys that
pick people based on their loyalty
rather than their merit yeah because the
main thing that they are worrying about
is staying out of jail that is their
number one through 10 priority hey did
we do that robbery right is number 11
prior no snitch
there was a tweet that Michael Cohen
tweeted today that was up for a number
of seconds before it was deleted saying
from Michael Cohen it said good for
Michael Cohen for providing critical
information to the Moller investigation
it was up 21 seconds by the way before
someone screen capped it and then he
deleted it and wouldn't you know pretty
soon his own lawyer Lanny Davis tweeted
something that's pretty familiar which
was that exact same text good for
Michael Cohen in providing critical
information so the Keystone Cops
administration makes a giant it's what
they're famous for he essentially
retweeted something it seemed like it
was from a burner account is what it
looked like to me but they're trying to
like cover up for it and what that tweet
was trying to do was say listen you know
Michael Cohen is cooperating with Muller
without having gotten a deal so you
should trust him but at the same time he
messes it up so badly that you can't
even follow what he's trying to do which
reinforces that point that he's getting
the worst people who had been the most
loyal but are also the most stupid
yeah well look they're more Keystone
robbers than Keystone Cops but
and this also happens in in mob cases
because yeah they pick people based on
loyalty but inevitably someone turns on
them why because they're all criminals
like wait I'm gonna do all the time mm I
think you're gonna do all the time we're
having right now about the rules of the
mob and we're talking about the
President of the United States like no
moral center that's working as a glue to
at least hold people together there's
not even that like the illusion of one
no yeah almost impressive right well the
the guy who wrote the op-ed who's a
senior administration official this was
you know a little while ago in the New
York Times said he has no guiding
principles right there's if you if you
try to discern hey are you you know for
this policy or against that policy it
doesn't matter he's gonna change his
mind because the only thing that he
cares about is what's in it for me
yeah and so look the the chances that he
didn't do anything wrong are dwindling
to say the least because basketball is
your you know leader the basketball
doesn't care if it's right or wrong the
basketball doesn't care if the players
live or die basketball doesn't care
about anything except just being a
basketball this is a great matter for
and I really want to run with this for
another 22 minutes plus the basketball
is also orange yeah so look if Cohen is
cooperating in his given hours of
testimony to Muller then then very very
likely he's talking about wrongdoing of
the president and so that is why there
was panic of the White House and and
then all of a sudden a Rosenstein gets
outed he's the guy who could be replaced
and the guy who replaced him could fire
the Special Counsel Robert Muller who
would try to end this investigation
because Trump knows better than anyone
else
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
he knows what Michael Cohen knows and
pretty okay we got to take a quick break
here guys we got a lot more stories
coming up for you guys including off the
NRA they're running out of money
Oh thoughts and prayers we'll be right
back
I'm Aslam piker don't good follow me on
Instagram and Sandeep Uyghur and on
Twitter and Hasan the Hun and this has
been the breakdown was that was that
good guys okay
not enough hashtag use hashtag ABB's
hashtag model hashtag woke BAE had one
black friend I'm thinking more rings I
got him here you need more accessories
way more accessories come on throw these
on woke bay not sleep bake more sexy to
buns less let me post on Instagram too
long come on man no you need to post at
least once an hour
what's the outfit of the day today is
this is this what you're going with no
no no no we need more accessories we
need this doesn't have anything to do it
doesn't for your gay audience man yeah
the gays love you man no okay what else
would it what else do I need to do you
haven't appropriated a culture in a week
we have like a kimono or something that
is perfect how many rings you got on do
we have any more I got three yeah can we
get more rings on this and when you're
done kiss the ring look at the camera
history maybe like a little wink Islam's
role in in terrorism and all the
Huffington Post articles weren't doing
well how many likes to our last outfit
of the day picture have only like ten
hundred thousand so I think that's where
your focus needs to be I hear you on the
blah blah blah social issues we need to
focus on followers kids in Yemen we
don't care if you sleep at night AB
 dab okay okay there you go
there you go more more talk low
self-worth
I'm ass on piker don't forget to follow
me on it yeah and be more into it
Instagram is yeah orden for me Americans
losing access to health care coverage I
hear ya attacked ha me more I've done it
so many cheats at of her living room now
it's like punching down now okay with
that it helps the brand we made you we
got you verified you're nothing I don't
know what else I need to do here just
take off that shirt that's exactly why
Tommy Lauren is stupid I hate you
I'm sorry girl follow me on instagram
hashtag we'll stay hashtag wolf Bay
like a smart Destiny's Child we're all
too strong aren't you excited
Wow was all the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John Tyrol
quickly discount a harry potter fan
fiction this is the first-ever power
panel with Donald Trump as president we
have elected at the top Twitter troll in
the country you know I can't get over
the fact that Donald Trump already has
lower numbers than George Bush did after
Katrina we have separates ending that
race is not an issue in this country now
keep in mind racism had gone away until
Barack Obama brought it back they want
to protect life so much that they want
to ensure that insurance companies don't
cover your maternity care their
legislation is always accompanied by
some kind of moral judgment right this
idea that poverty is a choice what ran
me away from Christianity was judgments
and condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota crazier than
bomb in Yemen
crazier than bombing Syria so much they
ran out of bombs even crazier than
funding Isis and trying to knock off
Assad at the same time amazing footage
came out today of a five-year-old child
being miraculously pulled from rubble in
Aleppo a miracle and a reminder of the
horror of that conflict is still present
every single day
my name is Sophie Skye and I'm a video
editor and producer at TYT I have it
Facebook original aggressive harasses
but I also work on main show I produce
the happy half-hour I think my happiest
moment is spending time with my
co-workers outside of work hanging out
whatever getting to know what they like
to do or what movies they like to watch
and what hobbies they have my hobby is
playing with my dog and going out to eat
I think that's my favorite thing to do
on the weekend
alright back in the Young Turks I just
have one note here and then we got to go
we got a lot of stories for you guys
Ida is going to be at the improv on
Saturday and then is hosting a Martian
rally for Puerto Rico on Sunday here in
Los Angeles
bless your heart Ida go too funny Ida
calm to get more information funny Ida
comm so check her out at the improv on
Saturday and the March on Sunday thank
you yep all right go ahead brick so it
costs a lot of money to detain migrant
children we're just discovering that in
this new policy that the Trump
administration created and inso created
a pretty costly problem for themselves
it costs 266 million dollars more than
was allocated so they needed to find it
somewhere and they're taking it from
some pretty terrible places to be taking
money from so they're taking 80 million
dollars from the other refugee areas
that they had it allowed it to because
they're not taking in as many refugees
so that's 80 million dollars they save
by turning people who are fleeing
domestic violence and gang activity
they're turning them away at the border
that's saving them money but here are
the other places that they're taking
money from in order to pay for building
tents to house these kids that they are
have they have collected it includes
sixteen point seven million dollars from
headstart five point seven million
dollars from the Ryan White hiv/aids
program and thirteen point three million
dollars from the National Cancer
Institute money is also being diverted
from programs dedicated to mental and
maternal health women's shelters and
substance abuse well done hmm the people
who don't matter to those people yeah
the people of color cuz headstart is for
those programs are for people who have
are from lower-income families people
who are ill and you know it's just a
group of people that they don't care
about and I'm really upset because I
just got a rejection letter from one of
the those migrant detention centers
because I wanted to volunteer with the
children and they told me that I didn't
qualify did they give any more
explanation as I show you the letter
they sent me this long letter
and I know people who did not even get
screened that went and volunteered with
the children mm-hmm and they they
actually just walked in oh so three
things stand out to me here one is we're
gonna take from educating your kids and
we're gonna put it into imprisoning kids
okay so that's pretty stark secondly you
know they talk about so some of this
stuff that his voters would be happy
with I get that you know Brett talked
about refugees running from violence but
you know they're also running from Isis
some of the refugees but but if you ask
the guys who voted for Trump they
probably don't mind that too much like I
didn't want refugees take money from
there I don't care who they're running
from I just don't want them here right
so they they're probably on board for
that but some of the other issues like
taking away from mental health funding I
thought whenever there was a shooting
you guys would say it's not the guns
it's mental health that's the problem
but now you're defunding mental health
and then substance abuse I thought you
said you were gonna solve the opioid
problem I mean of course Trump and his
usual crazy over-the-top statement said
he was just gonna solve it it was gonna
be gone we weren't gonna have an opioid
problem anymore
but now here he is taking money away
from fixing problems like that to
imprison more kids and they're being
held it's like it's this horrible
ultimatum because they're saying if
Congress doesn't approve this and I
would just love to see Congress being
like where do you plan to pay for these
kids that you're imprisoning and holding
in detention centers you know twelve
thousand more than you had last year at
this time like where do you plan to put
them and how do you plan to pay for it
and then the administration saying just
have the kick and then it don't okay
don't you even think about it cancer can
we just have we just take money from
cancer and pay for it and they were just
like okay fine and like the fact that
that's like okay fine and I was just
going to say you know the fact that
they're holding Congress sort of with
this hostage with this ultimatum saying
if you don't give us these funds
we are going to feed them plastic boxes
and let them sleep on nails that's
basically what they're saying that we're
going to deprive them even more and less
well like the cancer is particularly
from like a thematic approach it is a
particularly ironic thing to take money
from because cancer is a problem that it
takes money and resources to solve the
solution to this problem just takes not
having this policy like that's it what
they have done in addition to the
original policy that everyone knows
about is they've also change the means
by which people can come and say I'm a
sponsor of this child I know you
separated the family and I know that
you're just holding them indefinitely
but they change the policy so they're
fingerprinting everyone that comes to
claim that they have a relationship with
the kid and that's scaring people away
from taking this child off of the
premises and even if they're a family
member or whatnot and even those who are
family members and are documented
correctly are afraid because also the
administration has been imprisoning
people or taking away visas from people
who already have visas and those visas
are genuine it's it's not fair and they
could solve the problem so quickly and
they choose not to and said they'd
rather take money from the Ryan White
AIDS Foundation which Ryan way is a kid
who died from AIDS and they set up this
foundation and they're just taking money
from it so let me build on what Brett
was saying and then give you guys some
numbers in May of 2017
so Trump is now in office and is
beginning these programs there was
twenty four hundred kids in federal
custody that were immigrant kids 2,400
now there are thirteen thousand three
hundred and twelve so this is
unprecedented these are not normal times
so that we don't normally have all we
normally you have eleven or twelve
thousand and Trump's got 13s now we're
at 2,400 now we have 13,000 and why is
that it's four because of two reasons
one day separating some of the kids from
their parents as we all know and and
they lost some of the parents the kids
we have but they deported some of the
parents and they don't know where they
are so I don't know what we're ever
going to do with those kids but they
remain in it
centers it's like if you pitched that
movie it'd be like The Hunger Games
Meets The Handmaid's Tale like yeah this
is what makes me always call into
question all of the women who voted for
Donald Trump the programs that are being
cut are directly targeting women and
children so I though all of those women
who felt justified in voting for Donald
Trump and putting him into office and
this administration has directly
attacked women in so many levels that's
why they're trying to get this guy
approved for the Supreme Court because
they're coming for us they're gunning
for us I just want to know where these
women are now that really really felt
justified in putting this this mad in
office like this this is this is
disgusting and let's not talk about
these centers all this money that's
going into them and you still got babies
dying from getting sick from being in
these centers like these are human
beings that we're talking about that
there's you know there's like border
patrol officers and people in the Senate
you know centers who are abusing who
there's a guy who's like a serial
killers just you know a border patrol
where's the outrage there but that's
okay you know some of these women to
your point I does you know not all the
women are you know have a sense of duty
to others you know they're some of them
like some some of the women are the aunt
Lydia's you know and and all too happy
to continue this policy which is violent
and horrific to women and children ya
know let's also be mindful that Donald
Trump's approval rating is 36% so some
of those women have left the building
yeah and and partly because they didn't
know and you could say look how could
you not know you saw the Access
Hollywood tapes you know what the
Republicans have been in favor of for
decades and things but there are really
low information voters most people will
never find out about this news story
I mean we're covering it here but cable
news it's non-stop to tweet this and the
tweet that and there goes irrelevant
when we cover those two but you should
also cover these stories
what percentage of Trump female voters
are gonna know they took money away from
cancer patients and AIDS and
and women's shelters etc to give it to
detain more kids
my guess is very few percentage of them
are going to know that and and they
should because this is what they're
doing in your name I mean this is comic
book evil character I mean if you put it
in a movie it's a that's over-the-top
absolutely really you're gonna have the
bad guy take money away from cancer and
Ryan White aids and mental health and
women and all of this to imprison kids
come on
that's way too over-the-top these have
always been his hit list you know he has
never shown respect to people with
disabilities people you know who have
you know drug dependency people who have
like our veterans people who have
immigrants people of color to women I
mean people who are sick and not the
hardiest I mean it kind of he knocked
all of them out the box I just wanted
the people who support him and the women
who still support him
can you tweet me what your deal-breaker
is what's the cutoff for you at what
point do you say oh no I can't support
this any much that every reasonable
person be like we can't take it from me
it's can't take you from cancer can't
take it from women like women's maternal
health they're taking in Tornillo alone
in one facility they had 400 beds this
money is going to create 3,400 more beds
in a tent yeah in a prison tent which by
the way is super expensive and cost all
of us taxpayers a lot of money too if
you're conservative
you should care about that but I like
the project Ida just started okay a
hashtag bottom barrel okay or barrel
bottom let's go with barrel bottom
because we're trying to find the bottom
of the barrel that's what what what gets
you good okay now that's too much
okay so hashtag barrel bottom just
figure out what would cause a Trump
voter to finally say enough yep
speaking of the bottom of the barrel
here's someone who lives near it Cody
Wilson is the guy who had that company
that put off the plans for how to 3d
print your own guns
he in addition to that recently had been
as issued an arrest warrant to arrest
him for paying for sex
this is wanted poster from the US
Marshal for paying for sex with a minor
that he met on a website called sugar
daddy meet dot-com according to the
report Wilson whose xxx has been charged
with sexual assault he's accused of
having sex with a 16 year old girl on
August 14th and paying her $500 here is
the website they met on sugar daddy meet
calm he goes by the name I have it here
Sanju dough which is a reference to a
Kurosawa film
so he's cultured well he it turns out
upside he did not issued the arrest
warrant shock and he was away in Taiwan
on a business trip he apparently was
tipped off he did not make his return
flight but authorities in type Taiwan
have arrested him and canceled his visa
and he awaits extradition even though we
don't have a treaty with Taipei era
Taiwan a crazed right winger who sleeps
with underage girls no right no really
Wow I mean isn't this amazing that it's
become almost non news yeah and now to
me the most relevant part of this is
this is the guy who went around saying
but we got to be able to print our own
guns because we don't want law
enforcement law enforcement knowing that
we have guns and I'm worried about the
jackbooted thugs of the government who
would come and maybe imprison us for
what we wondered and perhaps we now have
our answer and and luckily when they he
was arrested he apparently did not have
any of his guns on him because this is
the guy who kept talking about and a lot
of these guys they're like oh you know
we needed against the government what
does that mean why do you need it
against the government the tyranny of
the government tyranny over doing what
preventing you from having sex with
underage girls and why are you worried
because it's the children that are
in the jail in this dirt for this
government so you're you're fine what I
want to know is these people with these
guns right that are gonna take on the
government like I like do you really
think you're gonna be the National Guard
with your little with no matter how many
guns yes they do they do they say listen
we're gonna have a lot of them how many
National Guard's people are there yeah I
mean that's I I am not even kidding I
have heard this from people who say it
out loud and they're gonna have their I
forget what the name of it is he has a
website that he puts his three D plans
on and it now has a message saying that
you can't like fight for us this is the
same company that the Obama
administration kind of went after and
then the Trump administration settled
for forty thousand dollars so paid him
$40,000 but five hundred of it yeah it
is government money they they took an
elevator cording to Ars Technica who has
the actual arrest warrant and statement
/ affidavit he according to the girl she
and Wilson took an elevator to the
seventh floor where they entered room
718 this is corroborated by video
surveillance equipment he paid her with
five $100 bills and police say Wilson
next drove the thirty three miles south
and dropped her off at a Whataburger you
know what on a more serious note with
this attitude that they had towards
young women that the president tweeted
this ridiculous tweet about dr. Ford
when she was 15 young women are not a
currency for you perverted disgusting
powerful men it is just becoming so it's
been it's like we're becoming
desensitized to the behaviors towards
women that are just completely
unacceptable we're supposed to be moving
forward technology is at an all-time
high
and we are still behaving like we are in
the caveman ages when it comes to women
a fifteen-year-old girl is a child whose
pelvic bones are not fully developed
there has to be accountability for this
this attitude that we see sweeping
across these are the people that you
have in office these are the people that
these are
reflection of the people that you have
in office Milo making a joke about
pedophilia there's this attitude towards
young people and young women that's
becoming so dangerous to us and you know
and it's just disgusting and it's you
know I think obviously this has been
going on for so long and in some ways I
think we're finally stopping and going
wait stop come on
women stop commodifying women and we
have right now a government who doesn't
really care about women and so our
voices are trying to get out there
obviously and I love that you said I
mean can we just stop it's like it's
obviously this is a power thing right
this guy doesn't need to have a you know
an underage girl for any reason other
than like a power dynamic you know it's
like all women have the parts so you can
find someone who's you know wants to
have sex with you you have 40,000
dollars from the government you are fine
you should have put on a three but this
power is masculine power thing of you
know is really because we because it's
now in power in our in our White House
and it's just and it has no no line that
won't cross I mean we all saw Trump's
tweet today about saying that you know
if this fifteen-year-old girl was really
assaulted she would have gone to the
police I mean that's a whole other show
we could do but it's it's just then we
don't feel like anybody including our
government has our back anymore
so one last thing Cody Wilson missed his
bigger opportunity because he's among
the guys who say look we have to have
these guns without serial numbers
because if the government comes in and
we need to fight him in the woods well
why did you run away to a different
country man you had it the government
was coming for you
you could have grabbed your guns and gun
run into the woods and it turns and like
here I see a Ted Nugent and all those
other guys oh man I was going to do this
and I was gonna do that and then Vietnam
came and Ted Nugent crapped his pants
right so and I'm glad he didn't I'm
super glad he didn't I don't want
anybody to get hurt I'm super happy that
they arrested him without any violence
at all but lo and behold when when he
had his opportunity to
guess the government fight for his
rights to have sex with underage girls
he ran the only reason he would have ran
into the woods was to chase Little Red
Riding Hood
yes that was awesome okay all right when
we come back NRA bleeding money that
good news when we return I just shot a
clip it's time-sensitive and it needs to
be edited horn did anybody call for
nay this in an hour
the cured editor to
I was watching all of this very
carefully is Simon Wiesenthal I see
hunter Simon visa that's Simon
Wiesenthal leading Nazi hunter Indian or
a wide as the conscience of the holocron
you mean a dog after a successful Nazi
hunter he is a self-appointed instrument
of world justice but he refuses to let
his former tormentors live in peace the
organisation had tracked down some 1,100
yes Nazis do you think it's still really
worthwhile pursuing these men who must
by now be fairly only lastly good is
going to come out of tracking down these
people relentlessly to people who say
mr. reason though it is time to forget
stop hunting these former Nazis stop
torturing yourself and the world already
enough time is gone our take is gone by
the statute of limitations sure sure
no you must understand my office of the
last office and devorah
and because this is the last of the
Sutra not closed office I cannot stop
Oh
hey Dave probably see Skype froze frozen
crash you know I was watching I'm
launching that documentary on the
Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing a live
TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash that
was 1965 and was in Vietnam this is the
wildest craziest mother face I've ever
seen
we have 16 more following candidates
what are we gonna do not make brackets
for this whisper the tree
good anger like everybody
these are the two most unpopular
candidates we have ever had in our
nation's as for Jesus Christ
his name's mission everyone I know is
voting for her out of fear he was
looking at Donald Trump's hair like it
was cotton candy its political game they
don't care about lies this is what we
mean by the establishment press No
if I still don't know what the word
feminist actually means not even that
people are still angered by the where
people think feminist is a bad word but
it's not there are gradations there are
different ways the people who are
against gender equality love to use like
militant feminists as the
representatives of all feminists it's
untrue I don't know why you'd be
threatened by strong women unless you
are an incredibly weak if you don't have
rights or you're not treated the same
way
Oh in juvey super quick one member
comment is so important Brent wrote in I
have HIV to tell you that Ryan White
program is essential its main purpose is
to pay for medication and treatment
which keep viral loads undetectable and
helps stop the spread of HIV AIDS I
don't know any positive people who could
afford to over three thousand dollars a
month for daily antivirals by themselves
except for Magic Johnson so that that's
the program they're cutting thank you
and that's why I love doing the show
with you guys that input is great for us
to know and for the audience to know and
Brent's a member thank you I promised it
earlier so real quick let's check the
thermometer here and then we get a
couple of stories we want to get to
thirty one thousand seven hundred and
twenty three so we added about twenty
recently thank you guys appreciate it
let's keep it going over the weekend q
y-t-dot-com /join to become a member
alright go Brett okay the NRA is having
some financial issues and our hearts go
out to them the inner race membership
revenue has dropped by over twenty five
million dollars according to a report
obtained by open secrets the National
Rifle Association has lost tens of
millions dollars of membership dues
since the 2016 election and is more than
thirty million dollars in debt according
to that audit so there are other
indicators that they might be having
some financial problems they also say
that one possible indication that the
group's finances aren't as robust as
they have been in past cycles is that
it's election spending has slowed down
considerably in 2018 a very important
year by the way
the NRA has reported 2.7 million so far
this cycle mostly from its pack down
from nineteen point two million at this
point in 2016 a general election year
but at ten point seven million dollars
at this point in 2014 which was the last
midterm election cycle so that is quite
a gap so this is about as good as it
gets in terms of news so and and for a
couple reasons one I love that the NRA
doesn't have money to threaten people in
elections like they used to or at the
scale that they used to but more
important than that is that I like that
their members are leaving them because
it's you know we kept telling you guys
they're mainly representing the gun
manufacturers and so that that's the bed
that they made for themselves and if
you're wondering part of why they're
leaving even over 90 percent of NRA
members want federal background checks
and it's just very reasonable to say hey
look I want my gun I want to be able to
protect my family I want to be able to
hunt etc but I don't know why you keep
insisting that there shouldn't be
background checks on people buying guns
because they might buy guns and come
into my house I don't know why you keep
saying that we usually should be able to
have bullets that pierce armor that cops
are wearing I don't know why you keep
insisting that we shouldn't have the you
know some of the legislation and
regulation that would protect serial
numbers on the guns so we know who the
bad guys are right so look there might
be a lot of different reasons why those
members are leaving the NRA but taking
positions that extreme to please the gun
manufacturers so they could make more
and more money giving guns to good guys
and bad guys at some point might cost
you some of the good guys I mean you
make so many great points with that the
only thing I would argue is that I
almost feel like that this isn't good
news this is bad news and the reason I
think it might be bad news is because
yesterday okay let's just say in theory
and I think this is a pretty proven
theory when there's it been a mass
shooting in the past NRA
starts to rake it in right people go out
gun sales go crazy because they think oh
my god they're going to come for my guns
yesterday that woman shot up those
people in Maryland
I read in the paper that it was the
third mass shooting of that day not of
the year not even a month of the day and
by the way there was a fourth one in
Syracuse so my my feeling is that people
go oh they're not going to come for my
guns after this mass shooting because
we've just agreed that mass shootings
are fine and nothing has changed and
therefore I'm pretty safe I'm pretty
okay I don't have to worry you know what
I was thinking about the other day
someone tweeted if Donald Trump doesn't
get reelected something about how the
his party has guns and a bunch of left
wingers and Democrats started tweeting I
don't know what made you think that
which Democrats don't have guns and that
you know people on the left and it was
not stree it went really really bananas
and you know I think that the reason
that this polarizes people is because
the narrative is always it's always
dispersed and to make people who don't
have all the information scared and when
you scare people you can move them right
and so these people are all being scared
into believing that somebody's trying to
take their guns away when all we're
asking for is reasonable regulations
nobody's trying to take anybody's guns
away it's just can this be reasonable
this type of armor you don't need and I
just think about all these numbers all
these numbers will never bring back
those babies that were murdered and
Connecticut they're never gonna bring
back those parkland kids a lot of you
people who believe these crazy
conspiracies that these people didn't
exist that they're crisis actors I know
someone who knows whose friends was
someone who lost a child in one of these
mass shootings shootings and so we talk
about numbers and how you know Dana went
on tweeted about the last time they were
talking about how they were losing money
and she they were like no we're not
these dollars don't mean anything with
regards to the lives that have been lost
and so far we have lost more lives than
anywhere else in the world because we
don't want to make rules that make sense
well but now then Ari's in a lot of
trouble and they might not be able to
push their extreme agenda going forward
one
because they're in massive debt but -
they're also being investigated for
possibly taking money from the Russians
so but my favorite part as I said
earlier is that the the fact that
they're losing members real Americans go
not interested in this extreme agenda
anymore and if you stopped your
membership with NRA I got great news for
you if you join Young Turks membership
at TYT comm slash okay
Halloween's around the corner and you
may have seen earlier today there was a
certain costume making a lot of news it
is inspired by The Handmaid's Tale under
his eye so here it is Yandy calm which
is the place where you buy this sexy
costumes has a sexy Handmaid's Tale
costume described as it's an upsetting
dystopian future has emerged where women
no longer have a say however we can we
say be bold and speak your mind in this
exclusive brave red maid in costume
featuring a red mini dress a matching
cloak and an attached hood and a white
bonnet headpiece pantyhose not included
I love the voiceover I think you you
could I watch The Handmaid's Tale I
watched every episode and I don't know
how anybody would say this is a good oh
wait so you're saying I don't know if I
have this straight that
government-sanctioned rape does not turn
you on a little freaky and it doesn't
and like let's just say a guy is like
hey you're into this you'd be you
wouldn't be like yes it's on we're good
this is cool that's what you're saying
quick quick update on it they took it
down from the website now when you go
try to buy it it gives you a statement
saying Andy has always stood and will
continue to stand at the forefront of
encouraging our customers to own your
sexy they go on and on and essentially
say over the last few hours it has
become obvious that our Andy brave red
maiden costume is being seen as a symbol
of women's oppression rather than
expression of women's empowerment this
is unfortunate and then they essentially
say we have taken it down all right yeah
it was not for women's empowerment
Jessica Valenti wrote I'm dressing up as
existential despair this Halloween and
kahshanna Road tomorrow
 global warming all right guys you
guys have been amazing Mikayla thank you
for joining us
finally I did I come to find her at the
improv and a march for Puerto Rico on
Sunday Thank You Brett check him out on
happy half-hour have a great weekend we
forgot to tell you this we do this
