every once in a while Chris Wallace
makes a lot of sense on fox news and he
does a pretty decent job challenging
someone that he's interviewing case in
point his recent interview with Nick
Mulvaney who is the White House budget
director now Mulvaney went on Fox News
expecting to you know prop up their tax
reform policy but chris wallace actually
challenged him pretty aggressively and
it was awesome now it mostly had to do
with the idea that the rich are not
gonna get a tax cut which we all know
that's a lie and the idea that the
growth in the economy will help pay for
the tax cuts that some americans will
get now chris wallace isn't buying it
and he had the data to prove it the
nonpartisan Tax Policy Center did this
analysis it shows the middle fifth of
households in America those earning
between forty eight eighty six thousand
dollars a year they'll get an average
tax cut of six hundred sixty dollars
next year meanwhile the top 1% people
making more than seven hundred thirty
thousand dollars a year will get an
average tax cut of almost a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars next year now I
understand that your that this isn't
done yet that they're only basing it on
the plan as it exists at this point but
according to their analysis that middle
fifth gets one and a half percent of the
total benefit of the tax cut while the
top one percent gets eight and a half
percent of the benefit that that doesn't
seem fair sure a couple of different
things and I obviously can't see the
graph that you just put up but I think
that I have seen it previous to this and
what I think that particular
organization did was number one they
didn't do any dynamic scoring if you go
look at the the details of what they put
out they assumed no benefit to the
overall economy which is just absurd to
think that there won't be any but I'm
not
over on me I'm talking about the the
benefit finish the tax cut that gap I
got it let me go through you can't look
at the tax cut on a family until you
realize how much better off they're
going to be within a growing economy
okay so let's break this down first of
all even Chris Wallace's numbers don't
do justice to the gross inequality that
this tax cut presents the in fact and
then they made a terrible mistake here
some politically the Republicans it's
some people making between a hundred
thousand and three hundred thousand will
actually have their taxes increased now
they're not huge donors but those are
very politically relevant folks to the
top 10 percent this is borne out by a
Princeton study are a huge driver and
policy there's a lot more of them that
are in positions of power it might not
be at the very top of the power echelon
but saying hey I'm going to increase
your taxes but not the taxes of
millionaires and billionaires I'm going
to lower their taxes that is a terrible
political idea and that was not in the
chart cuz some taxes do get raised
and so then secondarily the top richest
people in the country are actually going
to get tens of millions of dollars in
personal income cuts let alone the
benefits they get from the corporate tax
cuts their state tax cuts etc which will
get into the billions of dollars for
some families so even Chris Wallace's
devastating chart was not devastating
enough right and then he goes to
Mulvaney and Mulvaney's answer is like
dynamic scoring it's gonna be dynamic so
if you've never heard of that that it is
the BS that Republicans use to say yeah
it looks like we're giving a giant tax
cut to the rich and you're getting squat
right but don't worry that will
magically improve the economy so much
that you won't be making 300,000 anymore
or 30,000 or wherever your income
bracket was instead of making 300,000
you'll not be making 3 million and then
getting tax cuts economy does not work
that way
that's a unicorn that's magic that's
nonsense
so whenever I see this type of content
on fox news like it appears pretty
shocking right
this isn't the kind of stuff that you
would experience watching fox you would
usually see them cheerleading whatever
it is that Trump wants to do but then I
realized the reason why this will play
well this segment will play well with
Fox's audience is because Fox's audience
isn't made up of millionaires and
billionaires Fox's audience is made up
of people who were sick and tired of the
system that we had in place before
electing Trump a lot of these people
elected Trump
unfortunately because they thought that
he would be a little different that he
would shake up the system and actually
look out for working-class and
middle-class Americans now we know that
that's not what he actually wants to do
but Fox is aware that their audience are
not in favor of giving the most powerful
the most wealthy people gigantic tax
cuts and they're also not buying the
whole trickle-down economics thing I'm
sure some are but I think most Americans
know through this massive long term case
study that we've had that we we don't
get trickled on okay and it's also
incredibly insulting for us to like sit
around and hope that these big
corporations these big CEOs will trickle
on us yeah and but there's an important
part of that explanation which is that
but Fox News used to not tell you that
and not tell their audience that even
though it would be a popular position
even what their audiences and rightly
points out it's good Roger Ailes used to
run Fox News and Roger Ailes is a
Republican political operative he worked
for Nixon Reagan and George HW Bush and
he helped george w bush as well so he
would lie to the audience over and over
again and pretend the tax cuts for the
rich would actually benefit them now
that he's not there anymore the chris
wallace of the world even though they're
conservative are free to go wait a
minute
yeah here's a something that doesn't
actually help even our audience right
and and by the way credit where credit
is due because chris wallace is wealthy
i mean he's a host on fox news i'm sure
that you know he will benefit from these
massive tax cuts and the fact that he
challenged Mulvaney is something that
you know deserves credit so i just want
to put that out there great all right
let's go to the next video there's more
of this it's impossible to do what the
National Tax Center just did so my
and I think that's the one that Jared
Bernstein works for it's not surprising
that you know the former chief economist
for a Democrat vice-president doesn't
like a Republican tax plan so I don't
put very much it's a nonpartisan group
first of all sir okay no they did math
okay I know that you have got a war on
math so their point is that look and cut
tax cuts stimulate the economy a little
bit historically they have not as Chris
Wallace is gonna get into so they're
usually counterproductive when taxes are
in fact this low for the rich and they
are especially when you put the
loopholes in they are at historically
low rates as a percentage of the taxes
paid by the different brackets in
America historic lows and when you cut
taxes further it's counterproductive but
even if it were to actually stimulate
the economy you would only do so by a
little bit right you're not by the
gigantic factor that the Trump
administration is putting and the reason
they do that is because they want to
fudge the numbers they're like well
under this plan you we're never gonna
balance the budget and because they
don't care about balancing the budget
they just want to get the tax goes to
the rich but they have to pretend to
balance the budget for a number of
reasons including being able to pass it
with just fifty votes instead of sixty
votes so it is super important to them
to keep up that lie and here's chris
wallace breaking that lie apart and I
think the next clip is even better so
let's watch that the Senate Republican
budget plan calls for a tax cut that is
going to cost the Treasury one and a
half trillion dollars over the next ten
years and some outside experts say that
that the plan that was unveiled this
week actually will add two trillion
dollars to the debt over the next ten
years now back when you were in Congress
you were a deficit Hawk what happens sir
let's talk about because I've been very
candid about this we need to have new
deficits because of that we need to have
the growth Chris if we simply look at
this as being deficit neutral you're
never going to get the type of tax
reform and tax reductions that you need
to get to sustain 3% economic growth if
we had been at 3% growth over the last
ten years the budget very nearly would
be
this year that's how big a difference it
makes when you grow the American economy
that additional one percent over ten
years over the next ten years if we can
grow three percent instead of the 1.8
percent that the nonpartisan
Congressional Budget Office says that
we're going to grow at and has been the
average under the previous
administration if we can get to that
three percent it is two to two and a
half trillion dollars worth of more
government revenues it's 12 million
additional jobs and that's with 12
million jobs paying into Medicare twelve
million jobs paying into Social Security
growth really is what's driving all of
this and growth is what our focus is
which is why we're willing to accept
increased short-term deficits in
exchange for that long-term payoff
growth works going in the administration
to spur growth in terms of regulatory
reform work and what we're working on
right now is to make sure that those tax
cuts add to that okay so Obama little
accidents go back further Clinton hands
george w bush a surplus bush turns that
into a one point two trillion dollar
deficit okay he hands that off to Obama
Obama cuts it in half but the entire
time that he's cutting the deficit Nick
Mulvaney is in Congress screaming that
was what Chris Wallace was referring to
about we can't have any deficits I can't
believe Obama has deficits forgetting
the fact that trumpet I mean Bush
handing them a 1.2 trillion dollar
deficit okay but he has right now you
just heard him right there he said we
need to have new deficits now that the
Republicans are back in charge deficits
are wonderful they grow their economy
what they would of course they're great
but this is actually part of a plan
hatched by the Republicans under Nixon
when Ailes was in the Nixon
administration and there are internal
memos about it where they say hey let us
whenever we're in charge let's spend a
lot more money let's cut taxes so we can
stimulate the economy in their mind to
be fair to them they thought stimulating
the economy cutting taxes would
stimulate the economy and they thought
spending more stimulates economy so
let's do what the Republicans are in
charge but as soon as the Democrats gets
in charge make sure we yell and scream
about deficits so they make the mistake
of not stimulating their kind
and then we'll blame them for a poor
economy you've been playing this year
and he just did it the guy who was the
biggest deficit Hawk in Congress said we
need new deficits I know it's amazing
I feel like every time you say the word
deficits though you have to do that hand
gesture that you do deficits all right I
want to give Chris Wallace one more
piece of credit here and always credit
where credit is due no matter what has
happened in the past he pointed out
later in the segment that Reagan tax cut
back in 1981 that the Republicans ought
to crow about actually added two hundred
and eight billion dollars to the deficit
it did the dynamic scoring did not help
with that deficit it made it worse and
the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003 added
one and a half trillion dollars to our
debt yeah did not work dynamic scoring
is total horse crap and the reality is
all it does is give tax cuts to the rich
and settle us with huge deficits and
debt help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network calm /join
