so you guys know the shooting in Vegas
happened during a concert it said it was
the route 91 Harvest Festival a lot of
country acts there one of the groups
there was a Josh Abbott ban and what
their guitarist calleb heater or Caleb
keator put out a really interesting
statement after the shooting cuz he was
there and he apologized for saying that
the Second Amendment should not be
checked so really interesting
listened to his experience even though
he don't agree with him listen to what
he experienced so that you have a sense
of it he said I've been a proponent of
the Second Amendment my entire life
until the events of last night I cannot
express how wrong I was
we actually have members of our crew
with CHL licenses and legal firearms on
the bus they were useless he said that
his bandmates and the crew couldn't
access their firearms during the attack
because police could have mistaken them
for their attackers so he's like we had
the guns and they're in the bus but we
realized we'd go get them number what
how the hell we're gonna shoot the guy
on the 32nd floor right well first of
all thank God they realized that you
know they realize that the cops might
mistake them for the shooter because you
know in a moment of panic like that
you're not thinking straight right it's
complete chaos people are trampling over
one another you don't know where the
shooter is you don't know what's going
on and in a moment of panic I think it's
human instinct and human nature to reach
for your weapon and I'm glad that they
had a moment where they stopped and they
thought about it and they didn't they
didn't do so and there's been study
after study about whether people can
react quickly enough in a mass shooting
scenario scenario to actually get the
shooter almost every time the person
growing a gun gets killed so now in this
case it would have been different
because he's on the 32nd floor he can't
even see her gun down there
he's killing indiscriminately but
studies indicate generally you do not
get the shooter I know you all want to
be heroes and say oh I would have had
the gun and I would have been able to
tell him but unlikely
you're really gonna fire a gun at the
32nd floor you don't know who's in the
other floors you don't know you could
accidentally shoot people so he's in
that situation it's insane to do that
second of all you got a gun on the
ground and the cops are on the ground
and they come as he found out himself
personally of course that's a terrible
idea one more quote from
he said we need gun control right now my
biggest regret is that I stubbornly
didn't realize it until my brothers on
the road and myself were threatened by
it look I I don't want to it's a
wonderful thing that he had an open
enough mind for him to recognize I was
wrong about that and when I lived it I
realized that the gun wasn't gonna help
me the guns was killing us right on the
other hand it just drives me crazy when
conservatives need something to happen
to them directly before they can
empathize with others yeah I hear you
that is frustrating however even in
Scituate like like Steve Scalise you
know the congressman who was shot during
a baseball game he hasn't changed his
mind when it comes to guns you know so
it literally happened to him he was
moments away from dying himself because
of gun violence he hasn't changed his
mind at all on the Second Amendment and
so look III give him so much credit in
this case this musician so much credit
in this case to at least admit that he
was wrong because the reality is people
don't like admitting that they're wrong
even when they've been proven that
they're wrong you know and and it takes
courage in it I'm happy uh no criticism
no no no I hear you credit where credit
is due and even if even if it took his
life being threatened and his friends
and the people he cares about
lives being threatened it's it's okay
and it isn't about haha who's right and
who's wrong
it's about think about what he lived
what his experience was that led him to
that conclusion which is in these type
of shooting scenarios it's almost
impossible to draw your weapon so the
ideology was always no I need a second
amendment to protect myself and in a
mass shooting it just doesn't work that
way instead the weapon is used by the
madman to mow you all down the weapon in
that case is not your ally it is not
your friend
it's the thing that's killing you so
please don't let it happen to you or
your family members before you can see
that logic as well even if you believe
the Second Amendment is wonderful and I
don't think caleb is necessarily change
his mind overall about
you know whether it should exist or not
he didn't mention anything along those
lines but yes you can have reasonable
checks on on rights guaranteed in the
Constitution you can't yell fire in a
crowded theater you also don't have the
right to bring in a machine gun into a
crowded theater so listen to what this
guy is saying he lived it the reality is
we should have reasonable checks
otherwise mass shootings like this we're
gonna happen over and over again help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
