why aren't people getting married is
marriage simply for those who are
privileged that was the question in
regard to a survey done by the American
Enterprise Institute and opportunity
America as we know the percentage of
people getting married has decreased
over recent years and so what are the
reasons behind it now marriage has
sharply declined among people without
college degrees while staying steady
among college graduates with higher
incomes so just to give you the specific
numbers twenty six percent of poor
adults thirty nine percent of
working-class adults and fifty-six
percent of middle and upper-class adults
ages 18 to 55 are married so the number
or the percentage is is much lower for
those who are living in poverty or
struggling economically now to compare
back in 1990 the numbers were very
different so in 1990 51 percent of poor
adults 57 percent of working-class
adults and 65 percent of middle and
upper-class
adults were married one of the main
reasons that respondents mentioned was
that yeah you know when it comes to men
who are struggling with their finances
who might not have good jobs women are
less likely to be interested in marrying
them and so that could be part of the
reason also just over half of
adolescents in poor and working-class
homes
live with both of their biological
parents compared with 77 percent in
middle and upper-class homes so even
though less people are getting married
when it comes to you know a certain
socioeconomic status that doesn't
necessarily mean that they're having
less kids now the overall birth rate in
America has decreased slightly but for
the most part birth rates have been
steady yeah so that's a big number and a
big difference 51 percent in 1990 of
poor adults which is the lowest 20th
percentile and income now only 26
percent so cut in half basically and
look there's a couple of factors and it
is interesting I one of the most
interesting parts is that so the poor
economy can lead to a vicious cycle
which creates us but once it sets into
the culture and then becomes really hard
to reverse
which I actually think it we don't
necessarily have a reverse the American
Enterprise Institute is a conservative
think-tank they might have partly done
this study I'm not doubting the results
of the study but they might have done
this study to say see more people should
get married
not necessarily and and I their folks
are right that if you go in the in the
order that they lock you know in the
sequence of getting a degree first thing
any a job then getting married then
having a baby you're more likely to stay
out of poverty and have higher income
but it's not it's not necessarily
causation it might be a correlation and
if you have a degree of course you're
gonna you're more likely to have a
better job and if you're the kind of
person who's stable enough to have those
things you might be have a higher income
you might have been born into a
situation where you're more likely to
have a higher income which allows you to
get married and have an expensive
wedding etc so so I just think the
distress is very real but it might also
have to do with our views about marriage
overall and that maybe we're not
monogamous I think when Anna touched on
regarding you know women you know
obviously not being as interested in men
who have no prospects that's a very
basic element to marriage usually that's
a factor at some level of what this is
it should be for men also theoretically
but I just imagine that income
inequality and that that's what it's
there's been a dramatic change in income
inequality since 1990 the biggest drop
here is as Jack said half of it a twenty
five point drop from 51 to 26 for
working-class adults it's an eighteen
point drop and for a richer adults it's
just middle and upper classes just a
nine percent drop so it's at the bottom
and where the most significant decline
is and I just imagine that again if
you're poor and you have no prospects
then yet getting married and starting a
life together and having a family
together that also feels you might have
prospects but you don't feel like you
have any uh I I imagine that's a a
definite impediment I think as long as
there's this gap in income inequality
that that there will be there will be
social consequences to that and this is
probably or good bad I don't know on up
good
this is one of those consequences yeah
it was pretty straightforward I mean I
guess I would also argue that the
centrality of like a white wedding and
the cost of that wedding is also a
debtor into folks wanting to get married
and the increase of cohabitation and
also a lot of folks with college degrees
are also poor so so there's a lot of
things that need to be unpacked in terms
of how they come collected this data and
I expect that there's also differences
across race in terms of some of the
cultural elements that kind of
contribute to folks getting married
earlier or later and across certain
socio-economic statuses so one cultural
issues for example Mormons get married
earlier generally speaking and and so
that's those are among the factors not
considered in this study but look that's
why I think the right wing view of the
world is often comical black and white
no no it's about immorality no of course
socioeconomic conditions play into a
into these overall trends that we're
seeing in men in the country if
socioeconomic conditions didn't play a
role then why isn't the marriage rate
consistent throughout all the different
classes and it's not right it depends on
your has been just pointed out all the
numbers in Ana did too
it's a huge difference if you're poorer
as opposed to if you're have more money
and then culture does matter and but
that's where I disagree with
conservatives and so I I said need a lot
of you won't remember this but there's
this huge scandal when TV show Murphy
Brown had a character female character
have a child out of wedlock
Murphy brother yeah and it was like well
I can't believe she did it and stuff and
Dan Quayle spoke out against it and said
it was gonna have a cultural effect I
agreed with conservatives that it was
gonna have a cultural effect I disagreed
with them that it was a bad thing right
and I think overall we as a culture are
beginning to say I don't know that we
need marriage and so I mean look the
numbers do bear out the fact that if you
know if you're married and you have a
child you know you're more likely more
likely to stay together it's not a
guarantee obviously a lot of couples
with kids divorce
all the time but you're more likely to
stay together and that child is more
likely to be raised in a household with
both of his or her biological parents
and you know I think that's their very
because I mean it's difficult for single
mothers to make ends meet you know and I
think that you know certain necessities
to create a good foundation for that kid
are compromised as a result of that now
I'm making generalizations so I just
want to be clear just because you're a
single mom doesn't mean that you're not
able to provide there are lots of single
moms that are doing a great job but you
know we know how expensive education is
we know how difficult it is considering
wages being stagnant so having a dual
income household is important for these
I just feel like we're trying to hold on
to the horse and buggy so yeah it right
now in this window time if you're
married and you got both biological
parents you're more statistically more
likely to be better off but eventually
the culture will shift and adjust and we
might find a new way of cohabitating
that still make sure that the kids are
alright and that the income levels are
not affected and we haven't yet so we're
in this middle ground now where thought
your marriage is disintegrating and we
don't have a great second answer but it
doesn't mean that we just hold onto
marriage for dear lively em but but if
you're gonna here's one good if you're
gonna cohabitate and raise a child
together I mean why not get married and
get that sweet tax room like you get a
tax cut I know for that's not again why
the government getting involved that is
preposterous you're encouraging marriage
and and I just don't think that that's
necessarily the the right answer going
for it's a big change it's not worth
fighting it I mean so I would say yeah
it might happen but it's not gonna
happen as fast as you think nothing
happens as fast as you think so that
like marriage is all about timing yeah
you know yeah you're probably right but
you're right like five generations from
now you know so III it's important that
marriage there's a value in staying
married for kids there if you don't have
kids get out now
but if you do have kids like yeah we're
gonna make a change it shouldn't just be
strengthening marriage I mean everybody
give kids I don't that's why I was
thinking about so like I couldn't like
like we could use we need a third person
like mom and dad like we should there
should be I mean liberals yeah I mean
two dads another mom but if we'd have a
kid I'm pretty sure my wife would have
left me last night if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live to our show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
