the head of the Air Force Academy has
addressed the fact that african-american
members of the Academy were
unfortunately confronted with racial
slurs written on message boards toward
them and so Lieutenant General J
Silverio responded to that and he
addressed these cadets and here's what
he had to say if you're outraged by
those words then you're in the right
place
you should be outraged not only as an
airman but as a human being if you can't
teach someone from another gender
whether that's a man or a woman with
dignity and respect then you need to get
out
if you demean someone in any way then
you need to get out and if you can't
treat someone from another race or a
different color skin with dignity and
respect
then you need to get out I would be
naive and we would all be naive to think
that everything is perfect here we would
be naive to think that we shouldn't
discuss this topic we would also be
tone-deaf not to think about the
backdrop of what's going on in our
country things like Charlottesville in
Ferguson the protests in the NFL
who doesn't love lieutenant general Jaso
Varia well I probably have an answer for
that but it the all right guys etc that
loved Charlottesville well that's a
lieutenant general there so I assume
you're saluting right and it's it's
actually so easy and it's such common
sense and basically what you're saying
is I got cadets here who are white black
Latino etc we're all fighting together
in a US military this is not complicated
this is not remotely hard oh yeah of
course we're gonna respect one another
you're gonna pick on our forces are guys
who signed up to possibly give their
lives for this country and you're gonna
insult them that way
and you didn't think I was gonna stand
up for them come on and this so this guy
is fantastic it's the only thing I
that's a shame is that that speech seems
extraordinary today when it should be
perfectly ordinary
I love it man I because of the strength
of it you know in a world where we're
diluting messages right and left and you
know well-meaning NFL players are
talking about linking arms and therefore
massively diluting the intent of a
righteous protest that Colin Kaepernick
started and and I fell owners or someone
of whom at least given a million dollars
to Donald Trump you know saying that
he's linking a key that he on the wrong
side of this and and here it is as you
say Jenks so simple like he was like he
didn't just say there's no place for it
he said if you think it'd get out I
don't want you here get out
I loved it that was bold and great and
thinking about why it's important
militarily to if you're not going to
defend you your fellow uh you know Air
Force cadet because of the color of
their skin or for any other reason well
then we can't rely on you we can't trust
you you're gonna let them down in the in
the battlefield and that's exactly the
kind of division that our enemies would
love if you're gonna have a strong
military remember the this Air Force but
remember the army slogan was an army of
one the whole point of that is we we're
better together again this should be
elementary but in this day and age
people be mad at him for pointing out
Ferguson and the NFL and saying like oh
now you want to have blacks have the
same rights and not have but the police
abuse them or shoot at them when they're
unarmed of course of course they should
have the same rights of course they
should be protected just like everyone
else that's what the whole point of the
country is yeah I guess you know I
thought it was a great speech as someone
whose husband went to this Air Force
Academy we were really into this story I
think the question now is how do you
operationalize this impassioned speech
right where does it go they're not gonna
get out they came here right they're not
gonna leave so how do we investigate
this thoroughly how do we find the folks
who kind of perpetuated this and
and how do we punish them because
although it may not be illegal the
military has its own set of guidelines
right that these folks need to be
brought to justice and and you know in
whatever form that the Academy would
deem appropriate and I just think this
is particularly interesting in the
context of a national conversation about
the patriotism of black folks so how
could you expect black people to serve
right when you haven't rooted out racism
in the military I just think it's it's
an interesting conversation that Trump
should be having he should be outraged
by this and not necessarily you know you
folks taken immediate he'll be outraged
but if he responds to this in any way it
was made aware of it I imagine he'll be
outraged in the other way that here was
this guy expressing some degree of
outrage at Trump's behavior right and a
degree of sympathy and understanding for
what happened in Charlottesville what
happened in Ferguson mentioning Ferguson
you know I mean and and the NFL produce
in the NFL that wasn't saying we've got
guys disrespecting the flag and
disrespecting us in the NFL that was him
saying we got a issue here where we have
people taking a stand for right that
they believed in in the NFL and we're
condemning them I think he's on the
right side of every single issue yeah
and what are you saying here is to
ambria's point look you want everybody
to salute the troops during the national
anthem well these are African Americans
who are the troops and I'm not going to
let you come in here and and insult them
this way degrade them this way and if
you really cared about the troops you'd
care a lot more about the horrible
degradation and and insults and threats
that are going to actual troops than you
would about whether somebody's
exercising their freedom of speech in a
ceremony of any sort and that is in
arguable support independent media come
join us the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
