during this past election Donald Trump
claimed that he would look out for the
gay community and so it's a little
unsurprising if you know his style that
he has kind of reneged on that issue in
fact his administration is now saying
that gay employees have no protection if
their employers fire them simply for
being gay case in point a case involving
a man by the name of Donald Azhar de who
claims that he was fired from his
employers simply for being gay now a
lawyer for Trump's Department of Justice
argued that the Civil Rights Act of 1964
does not protect LGBTQ Americans from
being fired because of their sexual
orientation and keep in mind this is a
complete reversal of the government's
position on such matters under previous
presidents so here's another twist of
the story that's pretty amazing so while
the Department of Justice is making this
case there's also the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission which is
supporting Zarda in this case they are
arguing that xarna does have civil
rights and that his employers should not
be allowed to fire him simply because of
his sexual orientation the Justice
Department argument before the Second
Circuit Court of Appeals came in the
case of Donald Zardo who claims that he
was fired by his company altitude
express for being gay now employers
under the title 7 or under Title 7 are
permitted to consider employees out of
work sexual conduct this is an argument
by the Justice Department by the way
there is a common sense intuitive
difference between sex and sexual
orientation that's trumps Josas
Department exacts yeah the notion that a
trump Justice Department lawyer a Trump
justice above a lawyer has come in and
has correctly assessed that the last 53
years of interpretation of civil rights
act is wrong it's it's preposterous
preposterous I hear you but here's where
I'm going to shock the world and I'm I'm
more in the conservative position here
the 1964 Civil Rights Act is incredibly
important this landmark legislation it
measures that you can't discriminate
based on sex but it does not say sexual
or
so now I think it's unconscionable to
would fire someone for being gay I don't
think they meant I that's exactly my
point I don't think they meant sexual
orientation i I think that they if they
wanted they could put that in there they
meant you can't fire someone for being a
woman or theoretically for being a man
so now look there is a great
counter-argument it's a very creative
one and one that has been accepted so
let's let me give you the full context
Greg Nevins from Lambda Legal makes the
case he's like look a you can say that
sex is the same as sexual orientation
because if you say a woman can have sex
with a man and you can't fire her for
that
you should also allow a man to have sex
with a man and now fire a rate based on
that because that would be
discriminating discriminating based on
sex rather than sexual orientation yep
it's a creative legal argument but they
didn't say sexual orientation that I
don't think they intended sexual
orientation but by the way I'm in the
minority on this issue because since
2002 the courts have been ruling that
you cannot be fired for being gay
because of the Civil Rights Act right
I'm pretty certain they did not mean
sexual orientation because that's not
something they talked about in 1964 yeah
but uh but we have but obviously the
concept of it would apply to sexual
orientation and certainly the spirit of
it and for and and correctly Republican
and Democratic administrations have
assessed that we're not gonna go ahead
and discriminate against people because
sexual orientation cuz it's obviously
the right thing to do so just because
technically because they didn't mean it
you come in and decide that you're gonna
change the intent of 53 years of
interpretation of that law uh it's to be
fair it's not 50 I got it but a lot 53
years old is 2002 and some course
definitely disagree but generally the
course but not the president's not the
administration's even the the Bush
Department of Justice ended up agreeing
with it see I honestly don't know enough
about what the bush Justice Department
did but as a complete reversal
government's position on matters under
previous presidents I don't think they
just met the one previous president III
understand all that and there's good
arguments to be made but I think they
should pass a law saying you're not
allowed to discriminate based on sexual
what do you do well
or gender identity right ahead and
expand explicit protections introduced a
bill although they've been introduced
but unsuccessful right so don't lose
track of who the bad guys are and I know
you're not but I mean but like yeah okay
but they're not gonna pass this law
under this Congress probably right or
put them out of office
look that's but I think ok so wouldn't
is the other sequester's so make the
Republicans say yes we do not want to
protect gay people we don't we vote no
make them vote no but it introduced the
legislation ok fine but what do you do
in the interim well in the inner you've
got no but there's that look I I am
fairly conservative judicially which is
different than politically and and if
they didn't say sexual orientation and
they didn't mean sexual orientation
you've got to pass another law as much
as I got it's terrible right well I
don't have the full case history here
but they're obviously since many other
laws have been passed that relate to
sexual orientation one could get the
impression that the intent now is to
include sex I agree they should we
should pass a law we should clear it up
beyond any but the notion that you're
going to say ages it's not in there now
so you get to discriminate that's a step
backwards I mean couldn't you also make
the argument that the Supreme Court's
ruling in regard to the Defense of
Marriage Act is relevant to this case
because you know the underlying issue
with the Defense of Marriage Act ruling
was you know the civil rights of the
LGBT community and so if you have the
Supreme Court arguing in favor of the
civil rights of the gay community then
isn't this a civil rights issue as well
yeah and that's why I bring up the
context and that it's perfectly
acceptable to have this range of opinion
that we have here legally of course it's
acceptable to have any opinion you like
politically but because you can make
that case legally but I think the other
side would say no that applies to the
government the government cannot
discriminate against gay Americans
whereas private citizens and or private
businesses in this case can discriminate
legally because you never made it
illegal to discriminate against gay
people right but it
yes you might be right on the law but no
one should be arguing for that no
right-thinking person should be making
this argument and all we should do is
try and fix it so whether if you were on
the court you might feel duty-bound to
vote that way you're not right so let's
let's talk about it the right way and
let's fix it on that I agree so go in
clear it up fix it but we may not but
getting that done I suspect would be
difficult yeah
look if I was the in charge of the
government would I go out of my way to
make sure they gave you a little embrace
I don't know so I agree with you on that
Ben and by the way I just wanted to
again quickly point out the fact that
Trump lied right it does not care about
the gay community doesn't care about
their rights or protecting them and so
for certain gay individuals out there
who like to run around calling Trump
daddy well how do you like Daddy now
yeah because you could there's a choice
here you could believe that lawyer could
come in and go you know it doesn't apply
to gay people and use Jencks logic which
might be right right and say that and
then you go yeah I don't care right yeah
no not prioritizing that if you
prioritize it I'll fire you yeah and and
by the way that that is really fair so
if let's say now I'm president good luck
and somebody says hey should we use
government resources to try to overturn
the majority of the precedent since 2002
the gay people should not be
discriminated upon by their private
employers like no of course not we're
gonna spend government money doing that
okay and what I will spend your money on
is trying to get a law that says yes you
are not allowed to discriminate against
gay people because I want every American
to have the same exact rights as other
Americans and that's that that is
worthwhile and that is something you
fight for if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs join
