hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now that's
gonna do the story that we've been
trying to cover for about three weeks
there and you know the narrative that
everyone except places like this is only
a handful of people who are asking for
evidence when it comes to the Russia and
gate investigation now this isn't us
defending Trump this is us not letting
Trump steal our critical thinking skills
and this is us not repeating propaganda
from the intelligence community so
there's only a handful of people doing
it Glenn Greenwald Aaron Matei myself
Kato Caitlin Johnson secular talk Kyle
kolinsky Mike for Garrido at the
humanist report and maybe a handful of
other people but everyone else is pretty
much repeating the propaganda that comes
right from Muller or it comes right from
the CIA or it comes right from the FBI
and it just gets repeated uncritically
so just a few years ago this is what the
Democrats were saying Romney who calls
Russia our number one geopolitical foe
doesn't seem to realize it's the 21st
century
Romney's not ready so just once election
cycle ago the Democrats were calling the
Republican presidential nominee not
ready because he thought Russia was our
number one geopolitical foe what changed
between then and now Hillary Clinton
lost to a game show host after
committing the biggest election fraud in
the history of our country in the
primary that no one ever talks about and
that's why we have Trump because if they
didn't commit election fraud we would
have Bernie Sanders and Bernie Sanders
would be our president in fact right
after the election and all the help
meddling and a Obama met with Putin and
here's what Obama said Obama did not
discuss Russian meddling with Putin that
was from November 20
20:16 President Obama did not discuss
Russia's alleged meddling in the u.s.
elections during his short conversation
with Russian President Vladimir Putin
that's behind us Obama told reporters
during a press conference at the
asia-pacific Economic Cooperation summit
in Peru but then the democratic party
realized that they didn't want anybody
to do an autopsy on the Democratic Party
or why we got Trump and the best thing
to do it's right in the book that
details the Hillary Clinton campaign
it's right in the book that they came up
with this idea to blame the election on
Russia and Russian meddling so that's
where this all is and and just like the
first Red Scare the second Red Scare
gets picked up by the media uncritically
and repeated and then people who debunk
it and asked for evidence are smeared as
conspiracy theorists even though what
we're actually doing is debunking
conspiracies Russia Gate is a conspiracy
theory with no evidence and that's the
opposite what we're doing is debunking
that conspiracy theory and so here it is
so you've seen this so this was a story
that was reported on critically in the
press everywhere Department of Homeland
Security tells 21 states that they were
hacking targets before the 2016 election
now this that article is from September
22nd 2017 the Washington Post what we
know about the 21 States targeted by
Russian hackers now here's Box Russia
hacked voting systems in 39 states
before so it's doubled and this is from
that article they say Russian efforts to
hack the 2016 presidential election were
much more widespread than originally
thought the Russian campaign hit 39
states twice as many as originally
reported and in one case hackers tried
to delete on and alter voter data that's
the starting revelation from a Bloomberg
report this morning the extent of the
cyber intrusion was so right spread that
Obama administration officials used the
infamous red phone which is really a
digital communications channel that
allows the countries to send information
back and forth to show Kremlin leaders
what they had discovered it remains
unclear
though if these intrusions had any
direct effect on the elections outcome
so this is from the New York Times I
don't have it marks but this is from the
New York Times the administration said
it remained confident in the overall
integrity of electoral infrastructure a
confidence that was born out it added as
a result we believe our elections were
free and fair from cyber security
perspective that's from the Obama
administration that's from the Obama
administration says that that they had
confidence in the overall integrity of
the electoral infrastructure confidence
that was born out that it was free and
fair from a cyber Security's perspective
so now I'm gonna show you the Department
of Homeland Security made all that up
that was all made up and that was
repeated uncritically like all the
stories that come from this
investigation are repeated uncritically
the same intelligence community that
lies to you and overthrows
democratically elected governments and
murders and tortures before breakfast
people are repeating the intelligence
community's lies uncritically some of
those states that the DHS said was at
being hacked by Russia they checked and
they're like we didn't get hacked show
us the evidence so they started writing
to the DHS saying show us the evidence
the DHS never gave them any of the
evidence never even responded so now the
undersecretary to the Department of
Homeland Security his name is
Christopher Krebs is is going up in
front of this House committee that's
investigating this he's already he knows
that he's been asked for this
information and here's a congresswoman
asking him where that information is are
you ready so do you follow the story
he's from the Department of Homeland
Security Department of Homeland Security
called all these 21 secretaries of
states and told him that they were
hacked by Russia they do some checking
they don't find any they asked him for
the evidence they don't provide any the
guy comes to a hearing and now he's
asked where the eff is that information
where's that evidence and let's watch
mr. Krebs I wanted to ask about your
agency's efforts DHS to notify 21 states
about Russian
acts on their state election systems on
October 20th ranking member Cummings and
I sent a letter to DHS requesting copies
of the notifications you sent to 21
states that were attacked before the
last elections the mr. Chairman I ask
unanimous consent that this letter be
made part of the official record for
today's hearing order in our letter we
also ask for other materials including
all documents and I quote relating to
Russian government backed attempts to
hack state election systems our letter
asked for these documents by October
31st but we got nothing so earlier this
week the Republican committee staff
kindly agreed to help us make crystal
clear to DHS that we wanted these
documents before today's hearings so we
could ask inform questions
DHS assured us and they would respond
instead late in the day yesterday DHS
sent us only an email with a short
script that DHS employees apparently
read over the phone to state election
officials mr. CREB I'm just asking where
are the rest of the documents that we
requested ma'am I'm aware of the script
that was provided a lot of those
notifications were over the phone they
were not by email there may have been
some follow-up conversations as to the
rest of the documents if you if you'll
permit me to go back and I commit to you
that we will have a more fulsome answer
for you so the guy has been asked time
and time and time again where's the
evidence for this they don't provide it
he shows up to a hearing they ask him
again please give us the information he
comes shows up I don't know I oh you
wanted the information yeah oh I'd be
glad to provide that to you well I
promise I'll go back and get it
CC kay what's interesting is that they
won't even email them anything they had
to read something to them over the phone
so this is a good important point
Steve's making so the Department of
Homeland Security when they alerted the
21 states that they had been hacked that
their election voting system had been
hacked by Russia they didn't send them
an email or a letter or anything
certified or notified they called them
they called I'm guessing the elections
Commission's or the secretaries of state
and they read them a script so there was
an employee
from the Department of Homeland Security
who called the secretaries of state in
the state read a script and that was it
didn't provide information didn't
provide them won't want to email that
script why wouldn't they so then they
finally emailed that script the night
before this hearing and no and the the
congresswoman says that's not what we
asked for you know that's not what we
asked for we asked for the evidence so
now so that's bad enough so that's a
completely story and by the way this
still gets cited by people they have 21
people you'll still hear people on news
shows cite this Department of Homeland
Security report so now this goes on and
they're gonna talk about the hacking
that occurred listen to what the
undersecretary which is Krebs says about
the actual hacking here we go
is the nature of the conversations we've
had over the last frankly year with the
states and I've had a number of
conversations with secretary Shetler my
team has regular conversations with
Commissioner Cortes and a range of other
state election officials when when you
characterize these things as attacks I
think that that is perhaps overstating
what may have happened in the in the 21
States as was mentioned over the course
of the summer so if you call them
attacks that may be overstating what
happened he also put 21 states in finger
quotes he in feeis he did gets better
here we go ready the majority of the
activity was simple scanning scanning
happens all the time it's happening
right now to a number of probably your
website to scanning as a regular
activity across the web it was a regular
normal activity across the web so it was
nothing which is why they don't have any
evidence to provide the committee order
those states it was nothing it was
completely made up by the Department of
Homeland Security completely made up why
would they do that why would they make
it up well there's more to this story
the reason why they made up we'll find
out is because they wanted to have
greater control of local elections power
they wanted more power that's all
agencies always want people type a lot
more power they want more money they
never want they never asked for less
money and less power
they always what
nobody more power the investors business
daily did a story and the headline is
any Perez any part of the allah of
russia election hacking story true
conspiracy theories instead of building
up to a troubling conclusion about the
Trump campaigns collusion with Russia to
interfere in the 2016 election the facts
about this story keep turning out to be
untrue the latest is the claim that
Russia tried to hack 21 state election
systems but then the story started to
fall apart
when Wisconsin and California said the
Department of Homeland Security was
wrong about their systems being targeted
California found that Russia had and
scanned its Secretary of State website
at all following arc requests for
further information it became clear that
the DHS conclusions were wrong
California's Secretary of State Alex
Padilla said DHS backpedaled on its
claim about Wisconsin after state
officials there point out that the web
address in the Department of Homeland
Security report was for the State
Department's of Workforce Development
not in its Elections Committee let me
read that again
DHS backpedaled on its claim about
Wisconsin after state officials there
pointed out that the web address in the
Department of Homeland Security's report
was for the state's Department of
Workforce Development and not its
Elections Commission that's a pretty big
deal who knows how many other targeted
states also weren't targeted what we do
know as judge Cho it president of the US
National Association of state elections
directors put it that there remains no
evidence that the Russians altered one
vote or changed one registration let me
just highlight that there remains no
evidence but that didn't stop various
Trump critics from claiming that this
was further evidence that Russia stole
the election for Trump this has
unfortunately become the norm since
Trump unexpectedly won the election in
November headline-grabbing stories claim
that Russia was involved in some
nefarious election-related business and
then days or weeks later this story
turns out to be false or wildly
exaggerated so that's the general gist
of how this works so that by the way
have you ever seen that video of that
guy from the Department of Homeland
Security saying that no I've never seen
that
the rachel maddow do an hour show on
that no she never even mentioned it did
she ever mentioned the debunking of this
I'm gonna guess no do the people who put
rushing push Russia gate ever even
reported this story I'm gonna guess they
don't even ever even report this story
so why is it that whenever there's a
mix-up in the Russia and gate story it's
always the same way as Glenn Greenwald
points out it's always in the direction
of Trump collusion happened it's never
the other way it's never a story hey we
debunked it hey we got it's always one
way which shows you that this is
propaganda and we're fallin for it
just like we fell for propaganda in Iraq
WMDs just like we fell for a propaganda
in Libya just like we're falling for
propaganda in Syria chemical attacks
happening from a guy who's winning the
war and we're swallowing it we're gonna
go to war in Iran over propaganda and we
will be sweared at this show for telling
the truth about war and about propaganda
once again and so let's go back there's
a great article in consortium news that
talked about this exact case or this
exact story what went into it way into
detail about why the DHS did this I'm
just gonna show you a little bit of that
article now and I think it'll help us
get a better understanding of how this
propaganda works the National Security
Agency and Special Counsel Robert
Moeller's investigating team have also
claimed evidence that Russian military
intelligence was behind election
infrastructure hacking but on closer
examination those claims turn out to be
speculative and misleading as well
Muller's indictment of 12 GRU military
intelligence officers does not cite any
violations of United States election
laws though it claims Russia interfered
with the 2016 election
I had bill Binney on my show bill Binney
was the smartest guy to ever work at the
NSA he was their top code breaker for
years and then he started to tell the
truth about the illegal spying and then
they tried to smear him and throw him in
jail because he's a real Patriot so bill
Binney was on my other show the Jimmy
Dore show and he told the exact same
thing he said if you look at the molar
indictments of the Russian military guys
not one of those indictments site
selection law he told me that on my show
because he's smarter than me and
everyone else and he goes that's how you
know this is propaganda because it
doesn't have anything to do with the
election
they're not even citing election law and
that's what's being pointed out here in
this exact article from consortium news
behind the sensational story was a
federal agency seeking to establish its
leadership within the national security
state apparatus on cyber security
despite its limited resource for such
responsibilities so what they're saying
there is behind this sensational story
that we just debunked for you
was the DHS seeking to establish its
leadership within the national security
state apparatus on cyber security so
that's what this was about why would
they do that
that's so this Russia gate thing it
serves many purposes for many different
people so for the Hillary campaign of
the Democrats Russia gate keeps us from
doing an autopsy on the election fraud
that happened in the primary and an
autopsy on what's wrong with the
Democratic Party so for the
establishment it keeps all the horrible
stuff the establishments doing look like
something Trump is doing so they can
keep on doing and being horrible
establishment and now for people like
the DHS for the news media it gets
clicks for Rachel Maddow she's the
number one show on all cable news now
because all she does is conspiracy
theories like Alex Jones now that's what
Rachel Maddow has devolved into because
Trump is president so that that's why
the DHS they were did this so it serves
their interests Russia gate because they
were seeking to establish its leadership
within the national security state
apparatus on cybersecurity so that's why
they trumped this up in late summer in
fall 2016 the Department of Homeland
Security was maneuvering politically to
designate statement low core voter
registration databases and voting
systems as critical infrastructure DHS
secretary jeh Johnson and other senior
DHS officials consulted with many state
election officials in hope of getting
their approval for such a designation
meanwhile the DHS was finishing an
intelligence report that would both
highlight the Russian threat to US
election infrastructure and the role the
DHS could play in protecting
thus creating political impetus to the
designation so do you see what they're
saying there they're saying the DHS was
propping up creating propaganda and
reports and trying to scare people into
thinking that they so that they could
come in and be the saviors so we'll come
in and save your infrastructure your
cybers infrastructure but several
secretaries of state the officials in
charge of the election infrastructure in
their state strongly oppose the
designation that Johnson wanted so the
DHS wanted the designation the state
officials didn't want them to have that
so now the DHS has to make up a story to
create a political impetus so that's it
that's the end of the story that's where
that comes from that's why the DHS
completely lied and made that story up
that's why they didn't have any evidence
to give to the congressional committee
when they requested it over and over and
over and then the guy shows up in person
and doesn't have it so that's that's
that's the end of that story completely
debunked never reported anywhere was
that reported on your favorite news show
that pushes Russia gate it wasn't
reported on my favorite news show that
pushes Russia gay was it reported on CNN
in the New York Times CNN was it
reported in the Washington Post was it a
headline it wasn't a headline anywhere
so there actually were two cases of
people who successfully hacked into
states voting bases there actually were
two cases of it and now we're going to
talk about those in July Illinois
discovered an intrusion into its voter
registration website and the theft of
personal information on as many as
200,000 registered voters the 2018 molar
indictments of GRU officers would
unaccountably put the figure at 500,000
significantly however the hackers only
had copied the information and had left
it unchanged in the database this was a
crucial clue to the motive behind the
hack
DHS assistant secretary for
cybersecurity and communications Andy
Ozment
told a congressional committee in late
September 2016 that the fact hackers
hadn't tampered with the voter data
indicated that
the aim of the theft was not to
influence the electoral process instead
it was possibly for the purpose of
selling personal information Osment was
contradicting the line that already was
being taken on the Illinois in Arizona
hacks by the national protection and
programs Directorate and other senior
DHS officials so he's saying hey we
actually did find two actual hacks that
you guys said was Russia but it turns
out they didn't do anything with that
information what they did was they
scanned it and wanted why would they do
that and not change any information well
that's regular criminal hackers trying
to get information people Social
Security numbers people's addresses
people's names and then they can sell
them like they have been doing ever
since the internet was invented then
they can sell that information to of
other illegal hackers and then they can
create credit cards and they can get
your personal identification and that's
what this is for and the fact that they
didn't damage any of the data they're
just simply copied it is because they
don't wanna get caught because they
don't want to get caught yes right very
otherwise those people whose names and
information were taken might go through
attempts to you know block any criminal
attempts to use that he's that
information so so that's what that's
about
very good well put you are correct in an
interview with me last year Ken Menzel
the legal adviser to the Illinois
Secretary of State confirmed wasman had
testified hackers have been trying
constantly to get into it since 2006
Menzel said adding that they had been
probing every other official Illinois
database with such personal data for
vulnerabilities as well so this isn't
something new this isn't just started
happening in the 2016 when Trump got
elected they've been doing this for over
a decade trying to get into their their
election system in Illinois in every
governmental database driver's licences
healthcare you name it it has people
trying to get into it said menzo in the
other successful cyber attack on an
electoral website hackers had acquired
the username and password for the voter
database Arizona used during the summer
as a
ona Secretary of State Michele Reagan
learned from the FBI but the reason that
it had become known according to Reagan
in an interview with Mother Jones was
that the login and password had shown up
for sale on the dark web the network of
websites used in cyber criminals by
cyber criminals to sell stolen database
and other illicit wares so exactly what
that guy said is exactly what they're
doing they hacked into those voter bases
which they've been trying to do every
day since 2006
they finally hacked into it and then
they tried to sell the password and code
to somebody - this isn't Russia these
are regular cyber criminals they could
be Russian cyber criminals they could be
in Russia but this isn't about the
election this is about making money off
of stolen people's information so here's
a little bit more of the story let's go
back furthermore the FBI told her that
the effort to penetrate the database was
the work of a known hacker whom the FBI
had monitored frequently in the past
thus there were reasons to believe that
both Illinois and Arizona hacking
incidents were linked to criminal
hackers seeking information they could
sell for profits meanwhile the FBI was
unable to come up with any theory about
what Russia might have intended to do
with voter registration data such as
what was taken in the Illinois hack when
FBI counterintelligence official bill
pre-snap was asked in June 2017 hearing
how Moscow might use such data his
answer revealed that he had no clue they
took the data to understand what it
consisted of said the struggling priests
app so they can effect better
understanding and plan accordingly in
regards to possibly impacting future
elections by knowing what is there and
studying it that gets a double CK that's
complete BS the inability to think of
any plausible way for the Russian
government to use such data
explains why the Department of Homeland
Security and the intelligence community
adopted the argument as senior DHS
official Samuel lily's and Jeanette
Manfred put it that the hacks could be
in ten
or used to undermine public confidence
in electoral processes and potentially
the outcome could that's that that could
anybody could hey it could hey you know
Mars could explode him I could it could
right the the Pacific Ocean could dry up
it could but such a strategy could not
have had any effect without a decision
so the strategy just to push that it
could that strategy could not have had
any effect without a decision by the
Department of Homeland Security and the
US intelligence community to assert
publicly that the intrusions and other
scanning and probing were Russian
operations despite the absence of hard
evidence so the DHS and other agencies
were consciously sewing public doubts
about the US elections that they were
attributing to Russia so that's the end
of that so now you know the rest of the
story that you're not hearing anywhere
else
Steve heard this talked about on NPR
yesterday Steve what did you hear yes it
was really interesting and very timely
because they talked about this very
issue yesterday but the Illinois hack
and didn't come to any conclusions on
where there was a Russians or the
Chinese or criminal hackers they just
said that the information was hacked but
they further elaborated that that
so-called hacking was really just taking
up the information but leaving the
information there intact so basically
making a copy and then the the figure
who exactly was speaking but but the
speaker and the host we're saying that
that's not a real threat to our
electoral process because that
information so what you have a bunch of
names of people and their and their
addresses what will be much more
damaging to the electoral process is if
there was false information sent out
like you know a tweet that says you know
these polling stations are closed or
heard those Flyers that we saw in Prior
elections where this is you know
everyone vote on this day different day
Mexicans vote on this other day come
back on a Spanish speaker speak of this
other day but those kind of tricks are
much more damaging to the electoral
process than someone taking formation
from a voter database so so
that my NPR story that I heard
corroborates much of what we're speaking
about here so uh Steph well you know
this whole thing seems to I love the
evidence that you showed like one in
fact after another so I can follow the
story a little bit what clearer I think
and I consider is that this takes the
attention of the American public off of
other issues yes yeah I need look if
we're gonna do a critical you know
data-driven study on this I would like
to see what other government agencies
were also hacked and if the pattern of
hacking and the and the information
being taken off those other agency
websites is similar to what's happening
on these electoral websites you know
just to compare and contrast is it
really about impacting the elections or
is it just people stealing informations
are gonna sell it right for the sake of
capital is exactly well according to
this in this specific instance it was
that yeah it was definitely that in this
instance so again this this is not this
is us debunking a conspiracy so this
that the russians hacked into this 21
states or 39 states election systems and
they were doing it too but that's a
conspiracy theory being pushed by the
establishment and the mainstream news
press that we are debunking so if you
disagree with us on this it is
inaccurate and incorrect and the exact
opposite of the truth to say we are
pushing a conspiracy
we're actually debunking a conspiracy
you are pushing a conspiracy anybody who
non critically reports the russia gate
story that is being pushed by robert
muller the intelligence community and
the establishment press they're pushing
a conspiracy theory just like alex jones
well i mean i don't know about all that
but at a minimum what we're doing is we
are injecting certain reasonable doubt
in all of this because i think that guy
krebs scrims
i think his testimony is is critical he
said well it's not really it's not
really an attack on a tax can any and he
says websites are scared all the time
that was actually very clarifying
for me because I I'm like well what are
they doing there I mean if they're not
attacking the way what are they doing Oh
their skin oh I get it they're scanning
and grab information which is very
normal course of business for for
criminal hackers right so I thought this
testimony was critical and you know for
anyone who is discussing the Russia
narrative and their Russia gate they
should show that and say well we have
this evidence and we have this evidence
it's we don't know exactly what really
went down but which but they should at a
minimum show this but there is a pattern
of behavior so like if this was just the
one story that this happened with you
would go okay it's just a one-off this
is how it happens over and over and over
like we even sat inside the story this
follows a pattern sensational headlines
and then it falls apart and this happens
over and over so it's not like that
we're in we're not inserting doubt into
this story we keep asking for actual
evidence and there has never been any
ever in fact William Binney who I told
you about before the NSA Code Breaker
who was on my show he said that in the
original report that the NSA which has
every they're the ones who are scanning
every website they have every email it's
the NSA that has that and he said that
when they issued the report the NSA said
they had moderate confidence not high
confidence not that we had and he said
you know why they did that because that
reveals they don't have evidence and if
the hacking actually happened they would
have the evidence because the NSA has a
history of everything that's ever
happened on the Internet they have that
so if there was a crime committed they
would have the evidence so when the DHS
in their original report said they had
moderate confidence that Russia hack
that was the tip-off that they knew it
wasn't true and this is all propaganda
just like WMDs and it sticks because
Trump is such a reprehensible character
who's so destructive to our country
outwardly the rest of them are
destructive to our country but they hide
it but politely politely like Chuck
Schumer or write right now Chuck Schumer
is fast-tracking
Chuck Trump's judge
for lifetime appointments he's not
imposing he's assisting that's not
resisting that's assisting so anyway
that's why this is happening I'm really
glad we got a chance to make that case
and I want to thank Genki ogre and the
Young Turks for letting me do this show
inside his studio and tell a
counter-narrative
and I really appreciate it
hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this was just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
aggressor progressives but becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
