my experience was that I started to go
from a state of reactions to mistakes
differently I would calm myself down I
have a saying pain plus reflection
equals progress so you have the painful
mistake mm-hmm and then you better
allocate time to reflect and and then
learn a lesson so my instinct began to
change that whenever I would make a
painful mistake I would view it as a
puzzle that if I could solve the puzzle
that would give me a gem and the puzzle
was what would I do differently in the
future so I wouldn't have that painful
mistake and the gem is the principle
that I would then write down to not make
that that type of mistake again do that
when you have pain reflect and then
almost think what is the lesson write it
out so when the next one of those comes
along you will think how to do it better
and then when you take that and you
write it down and you're working with
people or having a relationship with
people you could say that's the
principle is that the right way to
handle it do we agree on our principles
can we be together and that is a magical
process you know it's as you're
describing it almost reminded me of the
magic of compounding interest you have
compounding lessons from your mistakes
that just gives you more and more wealth
of knowledge which allows you to do what
you did yes right it's the lessons of
life write them down
accumulate them so whenever that thing
comes along that next thing that you've
experienced so many times because
everything happens over and over again
that you say ah it's one of those okay
like like looking at a species what kind
of species is it okay and what are my
principles for dealing with that kind of
species so that I approach it well I
basically say a formula for a successful
life is dreams have great dreams then
embrace your realities and know how to
deal with reality and have determinate
to do it over and over again
