representative Steve Scalise has
returned back to Capitol Hill and he is
luckily recovering from the shooting
that did threaten his life he has opened
up about some of the injuries that he
sustained as a result of a shooter who
showed up during a baseball practice and
opened fire
now the shooter has died you know
someone opened fire against him on the
scene and he was killed immediately
now a Steve Scalise obviously as you can
see in that video is still suffering
from the injuries but luckily he is not
only surviving he seems to be thriving
based on the way he has spoken to the
press about these incidents so let's
take a look at the first video where he
talks about God and his role in saving
him when I was laying out on that ball
field the first thing I did once I was
down and I couldn't move anymore
as I just started to pray and I will
tell you it gave me an unbelievable
sense of calm knowing that at that point
it was in God's hands but I prayed for
very specific things and I'll tell you
pretty much every one of those prayers
was answered and and there were some
pretty challenging prayers I was putting
in God's hands but he he really did
deliver for me and my family and it just
gives you that renewed faith in
understanding that the power of prayer
is something that you just cannot
underestimate so I am definitely a
living example that miracles really do
happen the first place I want to go to
to thank true angels along the way
starts with the United States Capitol
Police okay so you guys okay is it it's
it's a it's it's a it's a I guess
inspiring story that he made it back
because I mean the first few days after
people didn't know
was gonna happen right he was shot in
the abdomen waist area yeah so there's a
lot of organs right so all that had to
be as we'll see soon pieced back
together it's just the one thing you
always hope there's something again I
went to that when we first started this
story with Tom Price in his apology for
his his expenses I just wish people
would learn something from it
there's doesn't have to be this
viciousness of our man yeah he's hurtin
all this stuff that I'm sure some people
directed towards Scalise his way I just
wish he would understand that he's not
the first person that's been shot and
when he was lying on that ball field and
he almost died he was praying to God
there's people who were lying on the
ground and were praying to God that they
survived too and it didn't work out for
them and they didn't have Capitol Hill
police next to them to defend them and
take out a madman shooter in the country
government health care right and then so
suddenly this is this is an important
thing because of who he is your family
would have missed you there's a lot of
family members that miss their deceased
because of something that happened that
didn't have to happen and not that it
would be 100% done but there's something
you do when you're in a position of
power to not make it easier for people
to be killed by random and violent
gunfire in a country that's divided to
the degree we are now and this guy
targeted specifically Republican
congressman because they were at their
practice we knew who they were and where
they would be so it was based off of
partisanship and a divide and the anger
for certain people in the government so
there's certain people that get targeted
in our society and they're just as
important as you are trust me they have
the same organs you got and they deserve
there there's deserve to still stay
together just the way whores did I wish
they would understand that I'm gonna
take it a little bit further and I'm
glad that you brought this human aspect
to this story because you know with with
great power comes great responsibility I
if we go through this fight over
medicare-for-all or if we god forbid go
through another like repeal and replace
Obamacare again I urge those who have
been affected by gun violence and who
have lost members of their families or
who have not been able to pay for their
health care because of shootings I urge
you to go to representative Scalia's
office and make that
case in a very vocal way and a very in
using technology and making sure that
that message gets out there because he
does have a responsibility and it is an
absolute horror what happened to him and
that I hope that never happens to
anybody else in office again yeah but
you are still elected official and now
you have a personal story and it's not
just about the police were there with
weapons because I know where that
message turns right that you know good
thing that there was a guy a good guy
there with weapons right I this is about
two things
guns and people who can should not be
holding guns and purchasing guns yep and
health care yeah so you know I agree to
some extent on everything that you guys
have said you know obviously there's the
gun debate and that is probably the most
difficult thing to move Americans on
because we are incredibly divided when
it comes to that issue and you know I've
been clear about the fact that I am NOT
a proponent of banning guns I you know
think that a responsible Americans
should have access to guns I do think
that there is an issue with a lobbying
group like the NRA getting its funding
from weapons manufacturers who want to
turn a profit they want a profit as much
as possible so they want to put as many
guns in the hands of as many people as
possible now that's that's one issue and
I think Scalise should absolutely you
know you know at least have some empathy
for the other side of the gun debate but
he should also have empathy in regard to
individuals who don't have health care
who wouldn't have the same type of
quality treatment that he received and
and that allowed him to survive and so
that's the issue that comes up over and
over again that the word that I bring up
when it comes to a wide variety of
stories that we cover just this lack of
empathy and you see it among politicians
you've seen among Americans and you
would think and you would hope that if
someone goes through something as
incredibly tragic as what Scalise has
gone through they would learn from it he
would learn from it and realize oh my
god had I not had this government health
care again it's government
taxpayer-funded health care that these
elected officials get to take advantage
of had he not had that who knows how
what would have ended up happening right
and then the final thing is you know
because I think rhetoric does matter we
are divided and the type of rhetoric
that we're seeing among elected
officials right now is unprecedented and
you know the fish rots from the head
down we have Donald Trump you know
saying all sorts of incredibly
disrespectful things during this
campaign yeah during his campaign
promoted violence talking about punching
people in the face reporters reporters
right and so and and by the way violent
rhetoric on both sides it needs to stop
100% okay don't incite people to
violence
don't you know needlessly overly
demonize people to the point where
someone who might be mentally unstable
might take action against someone that
you're talking about like we need to
really take a step back you know cooler
tempers for a second and think about how
we can engage in political discourse in
a civil way and I think that's another
thing that we can learn from this so I'm
glad he's making a recovery we'll see if
you know it's been a learning experience
for him if you like this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
