if you're eating stop doing that now
because I'm going to tell you about a
Russian couple that has been dubbed the
cannibal couple by the media this is
taking place out of the Russian city of
Krasnodar city police have arrested the
couple Natalya backs Eva and her husband
35 year old Dmitry bucks Eve who
authorities say may be responsible for
the deaths or disappearances of as many
as 30 people in the city of 750,000 in
the southwestern tip of Russia about
five hours from Sochi so far buck she
has been charged with one count of
murder in the investigation is ongoing
now the investigation kicked off on
September 11th after a road crew came
across a discarded cell phone and they
looked through the photos as you do when
you find a discarded cell phone and they
found photos of a man with different
parts of a dismembered human body in his
mouth is according to the Russian
Ministry of Internal Affairs and then
around this exact same time that
investigators were poring over the phone
officers found the dismembered corpse of
a 35 year old woman near the state-run
aviation academy where the couple lived
that is according to vice news now once
they determine that the phone's owner
was a box Eve they arrested him and
according to reports he pretty much
confessed almost immediately in police
custody he told authorities that he and
his wife had practiced cannibalism at
least 30 times in the past two decades
now this is an ongoing investigation
they're still trying to figure out the
details and piece everything together
but what they can discern from photos
stamps is that they might have started
killing as early as 1999 in the place of
residence of the suspects so once they
search the home the investigators
discovered fragments of the human body
and saline solution in the dormitory
frozen meat parts of unknown origin were
seized in the kitchen so you guys know I
host murder with friends so this is
something that I I understand why I'm
interested in this story has gone viral
a lot of murder stories don't go viral
and I want to ask you guys why you think
this particular story went viral what I
would offer is that they're eating
people as well I mean but there think
you'd be surprised there are more
of cannibalism that actually don't get
as wide media coverage as this story I
think this is sort of that they were
hiding in plain sight for a while they
were cannibals for as we can discern a
while they also held normal jobs jobs
that were food-related so I think that
is particularly unsettling to the public
and you want to share this sort of stuff
you sort of asked could I know someone
like that they were doing this
undercover they were not caught for
years for decades they were also there's
some suspicion that at times the the
couple would give this human meat to
co-workers and exactly so they were
generous cannibals but it becomes sort
it this is one of those stories like a
stingy cannibal I don't care Jeffrey
Dahmer did not share did not share it
all and you can actually learn more
about that on the season premiere of
murder with friends on October 11th but
that's neither here nor there what I
would say is that the you sort of
wondered could I know someone like this
I think sure well did you never wonder
that ever until now thanks grace for
decades Anna for two decades no one
really had any idea maybe they thought
they were a weird couple but we all know
weird couples you never think that they
could be eating people yeah and also I
mean it almost feels like they wanted to
get caught because they discarded that
cell phone without erasing that
incriminating evidence and then once the
officials you know started questioning
them they're like yeah we've been doing
this for a long time we've killed about
30 people I think it's more that when
they were operating for so long you get
careless that's what happened if Ted
Bundy as well you if you're operating
you just get sloppy and you don't it
doesn't you just you make mistakes I
think what's also compelling about this
story because I was surprised at this
one viral usually stories like this go
viral within the internet communities
that I'm a part of not with what
everyone else is a part of you know it's
my spooky news to know I think that this
is already lore because we're already
hearing speculation of could they have
put the there the meat in the food that
they were giving to the soldiers and
they were a part of these hostels and
they they lived in this place with a
shared kitchen a communal kitchen could
other people have eaten this meat
becomes sort of like in a communal
kitchen yeah yeah I think it's a pretty
good chance other people yeah I just
think it becomes folklore and that and
people want to share these tales did you
hear about this story did you hear about
this couple they they killed only eight
people together
why why like I just I'm fascinated by
cannibals like but why there's so much
there's so many tasty meat sources out
there that aren't people why do you know
anything about the psychology behind
well what I can say with what I know
about Jeffrey Dahmer's cannibalism was
that for him it was a it was the
psychology of he wanted a part of his
victims to be with him forever and it
was the most intimate thing that he
could think of was literally eating and
consuming a partner because in his brain
he cared for loved them or a respect no
not respect the words don't matter
because they are monsters so it's hard
to humanize what they are feeling
but I think that it does come down to
sort of a psychology of ownership of
power of wanting to control a human in a
way that most people will can never and
should never understand if that sounds
right that sounds good
first of all I didn't know there was a
city of three quarters of million people
called Krasnodar mm-hmm I've never heard
of that city I think you're crazy to
think I can't surprise it went vile they
murdered 30 people over two decades and
ate them that's gonna go viral I Got
News for you but other but they're uh no
no no serial killer like cannibal serial
killer not a one time cannibal like I
was drunk and so ia Michael you know
like that we've all seen no so this is
this is and she's pretty that's a part I
think that's a huge part because what I
would counter to so so that adds to the
how normal does it look she's like oh
you know she's got style right yeah I've
got she gets her hair done and what I
would you know I wonder too that Ben is
that actually earlier this year Siberian
police officer McHale Popkov who is
nicknamed the werewolf of Siberia was
arrested and confessed to killing 81
people and you just heard about that now
so it doesn't always go viral right but
he didn't eat him he just killed him but
it's still brutal I mean it's
very brutal first of all let's just for
a moment I mean praise grace just
tearing through each Russian name and
Russian said before we moved to Belgium
my dad taught me a little bit of Russian
cuz he wanted us to be bilingual Oh
looks like that's what you but I can't
say that but it's like the town was
Carson City and the names were you know
Bob Smith and his wife Sheila Smith you
know and you're just and you're like you
know in Italia about she and her husband
to meet to about chief you know they'd
been residents of class in the door for
some time you know I'd like to have to I
think see it comin and I'm like
pronunciation of Russian names that she
was prior unfamiliar to great help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm /join
