Roy Moore was the Republican candidate
in the primaries to fill the Alabama
Senate seat that was left vacant by Jeff
Sessions now Roy Moore is described as
the so-called outsider the so-called
anti-establishment candidate in Alabama
but for some reason anti-establishment
has now turned into oh the most
questionable person who hates the most
groups of people so I'll give you an
example so here's a little bit of
historical context for you Roy Moore was
suspended twice twice from the Alabama
Supreme Court once in 2003 for refusing
to remove a statue of the ten
commandments he installed from the
Alabama judicial building public land
and again in 2016 over his instruction
to probate judges to ignore the US
Supreme Court's legalization of gay
marriage so again suspended twice from
the Alabama Supreme Court for his
lawlessness refusing to listen to the
United States Supreme Court ruling in
regard to same-sex marriage
he was also quoted recently as saying
the following well to give you context
of this discussion he was arguing that
there's too much division in the country
and people need to work together and
then he said this now we have blacks and
whites fighting reds and yellows
fighting Democrats and Republicans
fighting men and women fighting yellows
yeah keeping it classy yeah all right so
I mean this guy it's it's it wasn't from
1864 this was from was from this
election cycle weeks ago yeah exactly so
now I want to go to a video from back in
20 2005 where he was discussing the gay
community with Bill pres take a look is
I think it's a yes or no do you think
that homosexual homosexuality or
homosexual conduct should be illegal
today that's a yes or no coral can duck
should be should be illegal should be in
this
yes if that means that what two
consenting adults do behind the privacy
of their bedroom closed bedroom door
should be illegal activity it is immoral
it is defined by the law is detestable
it was against the law in most states
until the Supreme Court in Lawrence v
Texas said that it was so homosexual
condoms should be illegal as a musical
theater fan right yeah what counts what
would happen what would happen to me we
know what he means
all right he means sodomy I think he was
pretty clear but yeah yeah so which is
by the way really you want like police
officials to enforce that you want them
you know knocking on people's doors to
figure out whether or not they're having
but sex that's a you know those sex like
and that's how the first you know that's
how Bowers versus Hardwick right Bowers
V Hardwick I think that's how it was it
let that's the the crux of that case and
if I'm mistaken you guys have pointed
out but yeah I say this a lot because
you know some cop some neighbor called
because two guys were together in their
own apartment and a neighbor called to
complain and the cops came and the house
entered you know and that cop like these
cases fall apart if a cop won't do it
like you didn't maybe this guy did but
you didn't probably join a police force
to arrest consenting adults from
engaging in behavior which hurts no one
and rape so but that cop did it so that
filed the charges and it was illegal in
Georgia and that that that set us off on
the case that ultimately I think bad and
I think Lawrence overturned it so that
was that was also not in the 60s there
later than 2000 I think that was in 2000
oh that was Roy Moore was 2005 right no
no but I think Bowers Hardwick was in
the 2000 I think it was 86 but doesn't
whatever was so let's hear a little bit
more from Roy Moore in regard to
same-sex relations yeah please I want to
know we're not talking what your faith
tells you Roy Moore we're talking about
what this Constitution tells you sure
we're show me where in the Constitution
you would find any evidence at all for
not granting for making homosexual
conduct illegal you look to that concert
and you find nothing about morality you
find nothing about marriage between a
man and a woman it was let me finish let
me finish morality is based on God
that's why you do not find it in the
Constitution where do you think we get
our morality from some book of Hinduism
or Islam we get our morality from the
Holy Bible upon which this nation was
founded in that Constitution that
authorizes that the Constitution was
based on the morality established in the
holy scriptures weird I mean I don't get
my morality from the Bible or from any
other religion and there are tons of
people who don't get their morality from
it and by the way we are not ruled by
any particular religion in fact if you
value the Constitution no religion is
supposed to dictate our lives is the
line the throwaway line that he has
there that so many conservatives have
and there is on which this nation was
founded they always say that and and
when there is just overwhelming
preponderance of the evidence is that it
was not based on that they literally
talked about it right and then chose to
go in the opposite direction they split
church and state they couldn't have been
more clear you lost that battle Roy
Moore all you guys lost that battle and
you lost it in 1789 on Thomas
Jefferson's gravestone 73 different
inscriptions one of which is author of
the Virginia articles on religious
freedom that's that's what they talked
about
not like been said they've they've it
came up they had came up that's right it
came up in 1776 and then ratified in
1789 so let's go to one final video
where Moore does what some extreme
conservatives do he decides to compare
homosexuality to something else just
behind because it's done behind closed
doors it can still be prohibited by
state law do you know that bestiality
the relationship between man and beast
is prohibited in every state do you know
that that I asked just having sex with a
cow
no you didn't but it's a single no no
it's not to say you make homosexuality
is the same thing as bestiality it is a
moral precept upon which this country
was founded
so obviously comparing you
two consenting adults engaged in the
same such relationship to bestiality is
ridiculous and we've gone over that a
billion times anyone who disagrees is
just crazy ends up making the
conversation about the fact that we can
and they're so clever
I mean he's not no but I mean in turning
a conversation around is that he
suggests that the conversation is really
about well you said it's fine closed
doors we prevent lots of things behind
closed doors and he's right we prevent
bestiality we also prevent murder behind
closed doors he's actually wrong you
know okay yes kidnapping and stuff
you're right but when it comes to
bestiality he's completely wrong about
that we have an outlawed in every state
to give you specific examples and this
is according to a Washington Post no an
Associated Press piece that was written
just a couple days ago Washington DC
Hawaii Kentucky New Mexico West Virginia
and Wyoming have not outlawed bestiality
but you know that's that's I'm just
saying that to prove a point about how
he's in 2005 by the way completely
talking out of his ass right and
comparing something like you know gay
relationships the LGBT community to
people who have sex with animals and
let's remember what that is I mean that
is a way to dehumanize gay people right
it's not just it's not just a
preposterous argument it's a suggestion
that that by their very nature the
essence of who they are gay people are
not like us and they're not worthy of
the same rights as us it is as bad as it
gets it is no worse than using the
n-word it is exactly the same kind of
thing exactly it is reducing the person
whose behavior you object to to in this
case literally like that of an animal so
you're you're absolutely right and it's
literally destroyed the lives of
countless individuals who identified as
gay or part of the LGBT community you
know during a postgame show recently I
shared the story of Oliver Sybil I'm
guessing you know who he is Michael tell
me more so Oliver Sybil was a Marine
he was you know a celebrated marine who
was gay but you know he was celebrated
when people didn't know he was gay and
he was the person responsible for saving
Gerald
Ford's life from an attempted
assassination and so he was great
friends with Harvey Milk this is back in
1975 and you know the woman who shot at
Ford missed the first time and then
attempted to shoot him again or shoot at
him again happened twice it was this is
the Sara Jane Moore yes this is the Sara
Jane Moore assassination attempt and
Oliver simple prevented her from firing
that second shot and so all of a sudden
he's in the headlines everyone wants to
know who he is this is amazing he saved
the president's life and he happened to
be very close friends with Harvey Milk
and Harvey Milk was a proponent of you
know pressuring gay individuals to come
out to kind of normalize the gay
community and let people know like
they're not the pedophiles that you make
them out to be they're not these
terrible people they're great people
could be your son could be your daughter
and Harvey Milk essentially outed him
and all of her simples life was
completely destroyed as a result of that
didn't matter that he saved the
president's life didn't matter that he
was a celebrated marine and he fought in
Vietnam none of that mattered right
these stereotypes about the gay
community were you know so prevalent and
very well believed by people that
individuals like literally ruined his
life his parents disowned him his father
prevented him from going to his own
mother's funeral he died at the age of
47 alone in an apartment building with a
bottle of Jack Daniels
no one even know he was dead for ten
days and so look the reason why I'm
sharing that story is because the kind
of rhetoric that you hear from
despicable people like Roy Moore have
ruined the lives of countless Americans
many of which were heroes many of which
have done incredible things for this
country and it's just a sad day when
someone like that can be supported by
people you know no it's true and then
also inevitably going to be welcomed by
what we think of as sort of normal
Republicans in Congress that will be his
Senate colleagues should he win and
that's that's almost more upsetting
because the people that are in places of
responsibility to call him out for who
he is have a responsibility to do that
and they don't general
that would be interesting to see if
somebody wouldn't bro Moore shows up in
the Senate and man I hope it's Doug
Jones that does but if Roy Moore were
happened to happen to win that race
walks into the Senate and a bunch of his
Republican colleagues said night you're
- you know I can't can't deal with your
type of rhetoric he's also blamed 911 on
the fact that the United States it
doesn't support God enough
we're not Christian enough and maybe it
was retaliation by God all sorts of
craziness and so if you live in Alabama
and you think that that type of rhetoric
and that type of behavior is
unacceptable please please please go to
the polls on December 12th and cast your
vote for the right candidate we have
bring a friend people we can't support
this kind of behavior if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm sighs join
