an election happened last night or
yesterday in Alabama and the results
have infuriated Donald Trump mostly
because he decided to back the
establishment candidate as opposed to
the anti-establishment candidate and now
some are wondering whether or not it
will hurt him politically but the
individual who did get elected for the
Alabama Senate seat that has been
vacated by Jeff Sessions is Roy Moore
and even though he is considered
so-called anti-establishment he's pretty
terrible now Roy Moore won against
Luther strange that was the candidate
that Donald Trump very publicly endorsed
and he did so on social media although
you won't find those tweets today
because Trump has since deleted them but
let me give you the details of what
occurred now first before the election
Donald Trump felt that maybe supporting
Luther strange wasn't a good idea
according to unnamed sources that spoke
to the press even before strangers loss
on Tuesday Trump expressed misgivings
about getting behind the candidate who
he deemed too low-energy Trump fretted
the endorsement made him appear weak
cowed by an establishment that he'd
openly rebuffed during his own campaign
now keep in mind that Mitch McConnell
was urging Trump to back strange and
there were others who have been part of
the GOP for a while who also encouraged
Trump to do so and it might hurt him so
Trump knew it was a mistake but one he
was willing to make because Luther was
loyal and that's according to a senior
White House official who did speak to
the press now after the election these
sources indicated that Trump was
extremely upset he went to bed
embarrassed and pissed following the
election loss Trump multiple Trump
multiple sources said was furious with
McConnell with whom he has openly feuded
and feels outdone by his former aide
Bannon
now Bannon was very supportive of Roy
Moore and so there's a little bit of an
issue there as well fingers are being
pointed at Ward Baker a McConnell
strategist and
Aires the vice president's chief of
staff both of whom were involved in
pushing Trump to back strange so uh
Trump did deletes his tweets where he
was endorsing strange we'll get to that
in just a second but I want to open it
up to the panel well Michael you're the
political analyst for by 24
that's right IMD politically this yeah I
mean I I don't see anything sort of
course he'd be mad that he backed the
loser because that's Donald Trump he
backed straight this is moron Mitch
McConnell than it is on Donald Trump I
in terms of the mud in the face here
Donald Trump when he was down in
Huntsville for a rally last week even
said you know maybe I made a mistake
here when he saw the lack of enthusiasm
for he said it out loud on an open mic
but when he saw the lack of enthusiasm
for Luther strange he also has no idea
why either these two people are and and
Luther strange this is what presidents
do sometimes they do actually back
people who they're not crazy about in
primaries because that Senator that
Congress person has been has been
supportive of their agenda but let's not
I don't think what no one is saying
which every GOP serious if there are any
left every serious GOP operative and
officer of the party lack of a better
term and there are definitely better
terms Roy Moore is a lunatic who's worse
association with the GOP hurts the GOP
brand and they were afraid of that
Luther strangers greatest claim to fame
other than having as badass a name as
any US senator has ever had was that he
wasn't Roy Moore
so actually his biggest claim to fame is
that he will forever still be a tall
tallest man to ever serve in the US
Senate
oh wow yeah he's like say he's now the
tallest man in Congress but he's the 69
the tallest man to ever serve in the
Senate yeah so it was all about
preventing Roy Moore and ice imagine
what happened with Trump was that he was
convinced that Roy Moore was you know a
dangerous guy which I know we'll be
getting to and and a guy who will be
easy
to bludgeon the entire GOP brand with
because of his outrageous attitudes in
the nature of the game and the fact that
they're gonna inevitably embracing so I
this you know Ward Baker and Nick Ayers
and others yeah I don't think any
everyone told people other than guys
like Steve Bannon that the horse to back
was Luther strange we should do all we
can to stop Roy Moore from from winning
the seat and they failed so now they're
embracing more and what Anna read to is
really important in the dynamic of who
Donald Trump is which is the fact that
Steve Bannon back Roy Moore and Steve
Bannon who's no longer in his white
house one is the thing that takes him
off the most yes absolutely it does take
him off the most and the reason why it
bring up the potential political
ramifications for Trump backing the
so-called loser candidate is because it
goes further than him backing someone
who lost the way that it's playing out
in the press especially right-wing media
is that Donald Trump supported and
endorsed the so-called establishment
candidate against the outsider which
further you know reinforces this
narrative that's playing out in
conservative media that Trump conned his
voters and isn't actually an outsider
it's it's funny to hear that because you
do hear from his base that seems to
support him no matter what he does
however people are now starting to turn
on him because of the lack of
legislative wins and I put myself
through conservative talk radio on a
daily basis because I'm curious to see
how the opinion toward Trump is changing
and you know some of his biggest backers
including Mark Levin are now saying oh
he he lied to us you know he's making
deals with the Democrats he's actually
Pro establishment he's not looking out
for us and so for those who are already
starting to draw that narrative this is
not going to look good this is gonna
further feed you know what they're
starting to believe in what they're
sorry I hear you and I and you you know
look we all hear different things I and
and that's interesting that you heard
that um on talk radio Laura Ingraham and
Sean Hannity
and Steve Bannon all were giving him
instant cover while saying he broke well
you know he's getting some bad advice
he's still our guy and you see Trump
embracing that narrative too it took him
what you have that tweet right yeah
tweeted right after the primary win for
RAM or so right after the primary win
for Roy Moore Donald Trump did tweet in
support of more however I do want to
quickly go through his deleted tweets
that endorsed Luther strange so let's go
to graphic for now in the first tweet he
said Alabama get out there and vote for
Luther strange he has proven to me that
he will never let you down
hashtag Magga okay by the way like his
tweets further you know prove your point
Michael that he has no idea who these
people are
which is impossible to believe if you
know even remotely interested in
politics in America I should say if you
remotely it's understandable if you have
it if you're the president that's
actively I'd like us to start
pronouncing maga differently anyways ah
or just like ah you know yeah like just
something that you know in a hash tag or
a soft G like jiff wasn't my job yeah
all right let's look at another deleted
tweet he also said that Luther strange
has been shooting up in the Alabama
polls since my endorsement finished the
job vote for a big Luther that's why one
of my favorite Trump tweets ever because
one no he hasn't exactly been on the
decline he's been on the pretty steady
decline and his endorsement came some
time ago so yeah that's just flat-out
untrue but it did contain the phrase big
Luther which I enjoyed enormous Lee just
that in a tweet and it's true he's big
and he's losing well he also in people
think that this is one of trumps
nicknames like little mark on his big
Luther change has been called big loser
his entire life throughout politics
everywhere he goes he had big Luther
like up in his office it's you know so a
lot of trumpism
but of course not only the great so that
tweet was wrong on the facts as always
that no actually since your endorsement
really made no difference nobody cared
yeah Roy Moore as a as a political force
to some extent in in Alabama and was one
of the most famous people yeah you know
he wasn't 63 of 67 counties last yeah so
yeah now again remember there no no
Democrats voting here so uh and then
it's just so in December he'll win 63-67
odd but the and then the other part now
finish the job they didn't so it's a
great great Trump tweet that's now gone
that's now deleted and then the final
deleted tweet says the following big
election tomorrow in the great state of
Alabama vote for senator Luthor strange
tough on crime and border will never let
you down no tough on border
tough on border right okay okay so that
again has since been deleted and then
following the election results
Trump tweeted in support of Roy Moore
and said the following spoke to Roy
Moore of Alabama last night for the
first time
sounds like a really great guy who ran a
fantastic race he will help to make
Japan great yeah so it's a great story
it I think and Michael will speak to
this with far more authority than either
of us but I look it was the one outcome
that that that gives Democrats some
sliver of hope that's not more is is
well very well known is also enormous ly
unpopular and there are plenty of
mainstream Republicans who hate this guy
who are trying to you know have Alabama
break its from the stereotype that it's
a backwards a thoughtless state about a
number of issues and and Roy Moore's
fight for enormous ly unpopular
unconstitutional things and his open
defiance of the law I did not sit well
with a number of people in Alabama so
the thought is this that you know and
now here's a the Democrat running in the
race is a is a prosecutor as a guy who's
literally tough on crime yeah
yeah let me tell you let me take 20
seconds on Doug Jones who I happen to
know and it is an amazing guy he was a
former US Attorney there in Alabama he
in the late 90s yeah and the lay was
appointed by Clinton's who was in the
90s there he was appointed by Clinton he
spent the first thing he did when he
became it was a federal prosecutor
before yes he wasn't yeah he'd been on
in Alabama AG and all that but the US
Attorney's Office was during Clinton he
the first thing he did was reopened the
case of the Birmingham church bombing
from 1963 were four girls were killed in
a church at Birmingham and he brought to
justice
prosecuted 35 years later those put the
perpetrators of that crime he had not
thought about seeking public office in
this way because Alabama is Alabama know
how no matter how good you are at
politics if you're a Democrat the odds
are stacked against you what he is able
to do now because he is such a fine
person is to get a lot of constituencies
to come out and vote who otherwise would
not have had Luther strange one you have
an independent voter who is much more
likely to vote for an establishment
Republican their hate saying
establishment just a Republican there
because they're they're all the same to
me I mean had Lou Thurston but Roy Moore
brings anti brings brings baggage that
Luther exact exactly that's exactly
right and so there there are people that
will come out to vote against Roy Moore
that would not have come out to vote
against Luther strange that could help
what I'm worried about is you know if
there are moderate Republicans and error
in Alabama who are just patently against
someone like Roy Moore how did he get
elected and also I'm concerned because I
don't want to draw too many parallels
between what's happening in Alabama to
what happened during the general
election but you know this is the same
line of thinking that I think Democrats
had that okay the deplorable person just
got chosen by the Republicans in the
state in the primaries and you know
luckily the Democrat isn't insane that's
a fair fear to have but you have to go
into the America is different
Alabama Alabama's its own place an
Alabama furred Democrat has been there
hasn't been a Democrat elected to
statewide office there in ten years the
last senator elected as a Democrat was
in 1992 and now he's a Republican she
already said he's a car service yeah
he's a little conservative don't think
don't things look bad for no matter who
wins yes they look the things for Doug
Jones look terrible okay there was
almost no chance of him winning and now
there's you know a tiny sliver I read
today that a Democrat basically in a
standard race the Roy Moore is you're
about swiper about to go through is not
a standard candidate and and Doug Jones
has a particularly impressive resume as
Michael mentioned so but a in a in a
statewide election in Alabama the a
Democrat generally gets between 16 and
17 percent of the white vote so and to
win you probably need thirty five
percent of the white vote so Doug Jones
would need big turnout from black voters
which he may what we might get again
it's not a you know it's an off year
election it's a December December 12th
these are Tom bad dates um
I mean my anniversary make it a great
date but otherwise a bad date and so
these are bad dates but you know so he
would need a significant black turnout
and he would need to double the white
vote and you know again I would say that
this was a pointless exercise abut if if
loose estranged one we wouldn't be
sitting at the table talking about it
right so you know there it went from a
1% chance to a 6% chance but that's a
six times better chance support
independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
dot-com / join
