Health and Human Services Secretary Tom
price has landed in hot water over
ethical questions involving his use of
private jets paid for by American
taxpayers to travel to various locations
where he owns private property knows
people that he has personal
relationships with but also goes to for
official business so he's mixing
personal reasons and business reasons
for his travel and there are people who
are criticizing him because it has cost
us taxpayers quite a bit of money he
could have used commercial planes he
could abuse trains he could have used
all sorts of means of transportation
that would have been considerably less
but instead he decided to spend three
hundred thousand dollars in taxpayer
money in order to use these private jets
to travel to various locations now
Donald Trump was asked his opinion about
this what do you think about Tom Price
using these private jets do you think
you might fire him well here's what he
had to say
and I will tell you personally I'm not
happy about it
I'm gonna look at it I am NOT at
he's not happy about it and possibly
firing him is on the table so right now
the media is kind of freaking out Trump
might fire Tom Price over this private
jet issue I see it as a different
situation I see his you know his
possibility of firing him related to
something completely different but what
do you guys think well I think that Tom
Price has been a letdown that he hasn't
been able to influence and current
congressional who left the House members
of Congress to come in to be part of his
administration so as to be a bridge to
Congress and everything that this White
House has tried to do everything they've
tried to do has failed in Congress
that's right so I think he's pissed at
his vice president I think he's pissed
at Tom Price I think he's pissed at
Mulvaney I think there are others as
well and I do think that this is the
kind of thing that if he thinks that he
can look better by getting rid of Tom
Price he will waste no time getting rid
of Tom Price so but I don't think it's
just about the planes I don't think
right I think I think the planes might
be used as as you know escaped coder but
this is the Swamp Thing it's also Tom
Price is a terrible guy who's a terrible
guy where you got on private jets this
is a you know as it is at the at the
Department of the Interior as it is at
the Department of Education he has named
people to these posts who don't believe
in the organization they're running Tom
Price is not interested in this stuff
Tom price is another one who wants to
choke squeeze the life out of government
right you know if you told that Tom
Price today we're thinking of getting
rid of the Health and Human Services
Department I I mean I don't quote I
suspect Tom Price no great yeah terrific
good idea yeah look Tom Price in my
opinion is the perfect symbol of what he
claims he hates about government right
mismanagement of money wasteful behavior
wasteful spending I'm at a price headed
to Congress yeah he said it yeah without
fly about Hillary Clinton flying in
government planes when she was was she
Secretary of State at that point I guess
so
and and he got upset about that and she
was a secretary State
yeah like we know they travel all the
time so I was flying to his house in st.
Simons Island don't just take art would
have lunch with his son yeah don't take
our word for it though because we have
that video for you let's go to video 5
Tom Price in 2009 complaining about
government officials using private jets
at the worst time in modern history in
our economy Congress decides to spend
550 million on private jets for
themselves that this is just another
example of fiscal irresponsibility
responsibility run amuck in Congress
right now and Dennis Dennis that Joe
talked Joe acts like they don't have any
planes right now they got 24 of them
right now
no need for four more my goodness
gracious especially in this time of
fiscal crisis that we have what we need
to be doing is cutting it to zero I hope
that the Congress will come back and do
that when we get back there in September
my bad it was it was it was Nancy Pelosi
I guess when she was speaker not not
Secretary Clinton so but the the point
was clear right and and also keep in
mind that yes there have been other
government officials who have used
private jets for travel and that might
upset American citizens or tax payers
but he takes that issue and and
essentially puts it on steroids because
again he has used these jets for what he
calls per official business but in
reality he keeps traveling to places
where he has his private property he
visits friends and family members in
these states and so he's mixing business
with pleasure and the official business
that he's talking about is speeches the
pharmaceutical companies so just keep
all of that in mind now I want to get to
what and they were and there were other
there were alternatives you fly through
di I Got News for ya fighter would land
all the time you take a delta flight to
Italy and you catch a connection it's
doable here in Washington you can be in
Philadelphia in a car in a couple of
hours I mean prices people said they'd
taken so many very lengthy car rides of
over five hours I'd love to see those
catalogs I'd love to know when he did
that he's the Secretary of Health and
Human Services he is gonna speak to
pharmaceutical groups he's going to
speak to insurers he's gonna do that
know that said spending five hours in a
car with Tom Price sounds pretty much
well his poor son had that lunch
Trump has threatened Tom prices job
before he did it in a joking manner but
I think it's relevant to this
conversation now if you can recall Trump
gave a speech to the Boy Scouts that was
a controversial speech to say the least
but during that speech he talked about
the repeal efforts for the Affordable
Care Act and he pointed a finger at Tom
Price specifically let's take a look by
the way you're gonna get the votes he
better get him he better get him
I bet otherwise they'll say Tom you're
fired I'll get somebody
foreshadowing Maris
yeah like a funny guy that it's very
funny the great sincere TYT membership
gives your commercial-free Young Turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
