Senate Republicans failed to pass a
repeal effort or replacement for the
affordable care act with a simple
majority and Trump claims that they are
going to try their hand at this again
next year
and that they essentially have enough
votes to make it happen although we all
know that's not the case I mean they
couldn't even pass it with a simple
majority now speaking to the press Trump
said that he will take matters into his
own hands when it comes to one
particular issue in regard to health
care he wants to allow people to buy
health insurance across state lines
take a listen people with regard to
health care and I'll probably be signing
very major executive order where people
can go out for us state lines do lots of
things and buy their own health care and
that will be probably shined next we can
speak
okay the rest of this quote was it's
gonna cover a lot of territory and a lot
of people millions of people I'll
probably be signing a very major
executive order right that will allow
people across state lines do a lot of
things but I mean all probably a lot of
what kind of president says all probably
do any physical it doesn't even exist
I'll probably be signing a very well
then just sign it if yours you're the
executive order it Chum I'll probably be
signing and then I mean the very public
setting that's not just a major order
very it's a very major order it's very
major so let's talk a little bit about
the ramifications of this executive
order if it's found to be an executive
order that could even be put into effect
because there's a big question mark in
regard to whether the federal government
can get involved in in the regulations
that states have for insurance companies
now as you guys know regulations vary
state by state some of the red states
have way less regulations when it comes
to private insurance some of the blue
states have stricter regulations and so
when you create a system where people
can buy insurance across state lines
what do you think insurance companies
are gonna do what do you think they're
gonna do they're gonna go to states
where there are the least regulations
and it's going to be a race to the
bottom less regulations mean you as the
consumer the individual buying the
insurance gets through it over and so
that's one of the reasons why you know
you're not allowed to buy insurance
across state lines it gives States more
of a say in regard to how the health
care in that state is run on the surface
it seems great but because they're doing
it I'm sure it isn't I mean that's a
joke but it isn't so it's so at odds
with the legislation that is just tried
to pass right and the reason he says
we're gonna pass something the exer
we're gonna pass it the rules change
next year the reason they're hurrying it
for Saturday is because you're gonna
need 60 senators after Saturday he's not
gonna have 60 senators they're not gonna
be Democrats they're just gonna come all
of a sudden flocking to Graham Cassady
after this is done this is at odds with
what that bill is it's so haphazard the
way this government's being run and
that's you know so even when he says you
know I made light of it but you're gonna
cross state lines to buy insurance do a
lot of other things who knows what those
are clearly doesn't well he wasn't even
really okay so here's the thing about
Trump when it comes to this whole health
care debate you know he's been bullying
GOP senators who refuse to vote in favor
of it because they're actually Wow
shockingly concerned about their
constituents and what their constituents
want but at the same time Trump is not
involved in any of these discussions at
all and what I mean by that is he
doesn't even know what these proposals
include he doesn't know how it works you
know all he wants is a legislative win I
want a legislative win he hasn't like
poured over studies over how it would
impact consumers or how it might
negatively have an impact on on
Americans who need insurance doesn't
care about any of that right doesn't
doesn't know doesn't care isn't
interested he's too busy tweeting at
5:00 in the morning after watching
whatever cable news show he's watching
and that's and that's the thing like he
is playing with people's lives right and
simultaneously bullying lawmakers who
have at least some knowledge of what
they're voting on there is a host
there's 48 Democratic senators and a
handful Republican senators who would I
presume be interested in fixing
Obamacare and bolstering it in places
that it needs to bolster listen Lamar
Alexander and patty Murray we're working
on it right up till the end when patty
Murray said well they're bringing graham
Cassie I don't we don't need to work on
this I guess there's a in this political
article there's just a great line that
is worth reading may I read it sir so
after it all baby signing a very major
probably so Trump claimed that he said
talking about Graham caste the 52 member
caucus has until Saturday to pass a bill
which is 50 votes but Senate Majority
Leader McConnell pulled a vote was the
last-ditch legislation last enough
support here's what Trump said today
Trump claimed however the Republicans do
have the necessary votes though he later
said so they do have it though he later
said we're only one-off baby - then he
repeatedly insisted that a Republican
Senator likely referring to senator thad
Cochran who's recovering from urological
surgery at home in mrs.
is a yes but can't vote because he's in
the hospital I can't take him out of the
hospital Trump noted a spokesman for
Senator Kat Cochran said the senator is
not in the hospital I mean it's just
like it's just madness and lunacy and
and and and and gibberish and by the way
and all this effort then to repeal the
Affordable Care Act has undermined the
way the Affordable Care Act works I
think that's a that was a big fear of a
lot of these centers right and so that
now the Affordable Care Act is in worse
shape than it's ever been and thanks to
them and they're not gonna try to fix it
we have Trump now saying he'll sign an
executive order where it remains unclear
whether he'll be able legally that'll
have any effect at all and the odds that
that an executive order fixes what's
wrong with Obamacare and helps people
get more affordable insurance strikes me
is inconceivable be signing that order
and you know just to be clear they have
absolutely no intention of helping to
improve Obama care because they don't
think that that's a good idea
politically this is all about politics
because Trump first of all wants to undo
anything that Obama has done even if
it's a good policy and we all
acknowledge that the Affordable Care Act
needs to be improved there are
definitely flaws but it was supposed to
be a foundation in which we improve on
Republicans have a great opportunity to
do just that to actually be leaders to
put politics aside and say hey you know
what let's uh let's do something to help
these increasing premiums maybe some
cause controls but they're not really
interesting when we know they want to
see it fail and we know from reporting
that what some Republicans are hoping
happens is that they just wait in Trump
said today that will from a Republican
standpoint we have the votes vote in
January February or March I mean to do
that they would have to pass another
continuing resolution right ever have to
decide that they want to do it on health
care and not the budget because you can
only do one unless they combine unless
uh unless they buy them which was super
super tricky to combine them uh also
compiled almost impossible so likelihood
that they'll be able to do in January
February March with only fifty votes is
is unlikely but we know from
reporting that what they're hoping for
is that sometime next year when they
maybe can do it with 50 votes again if
that's the way they decide to go that by
then the Affordable Care Act will be so
significantly weakened that there'll be
less groundswell against repealing it
and more an effort so they want again
what we've known they wanted but what
we've now seen widely reported they want
people's health care plan to fail yeah
so that they can repeal the thing that
has Barack Obama's name on it uh that's
that's that's madness that's insanity
by then we're also gonna be dealing with
robert muller and what he has this the
reason and the likelihood that some of
these republicans then the closer we get
to a midterm 11 28 een that they then
want to get involved and be in charge of
repeal Ian and I think the the what Paul
Ryan had said apparently at one point to
Mitch McConnell was a may whatever you
pass will pass right right so that they
don't so that the debt they could get it
down in the deadline well then you were
gonna be looking at some unquestionably
vulnerable members of the House and I
suspect as we get into March April and
May they're gonna be like I really don't
want to reveal peep this house is not my
life what your issue they never want to
do this in which but their plan is
continues to be to weaken Obama and his
plan is to continue doing what you said
which is bullying these senators and
bullying Wisconsin today just very quick
he was in Indiana selling his tax
reforms he flew with Senator Joe
Donnelly a Democrat from Indiana on Air
Force One to Indiana did his rally in
the middle of the rally looked at Joe
Donnelly and said we're gonna work as
hard if you don't vote for this we're
gonna work so hard to make sure you're
not elected here after he flew him out
there right well you know I'm one man
he's a Republican president he's not
going to work hard to get Joe Donnelly
elected a Democrat in Indiana but it's
just this threatening and this bullying
is unbelievable yeah that's what he
loves to do so if you're democrat i not
it don't get on the plane if you like
the young turks you'll love young turks
membership tea white tea network.com
slash join
