college basketball drama that's what's
happening right now
bribes corruption a lot of shady
dealings and apparently a bunch of
people have been charged in a federal
corruption case let me give you the
details the people in implicated in this
case involve coaches at Auburn Oklahoma
State Arizona and Southern California
and they were all accused of accepting
bribes in exchange for offering to steer
players to preferred financial advisors
business managers and agents now the
attorney who is you know essentially
investigating this case had a press
conference where he kind of specified
you know the weight of these charges so
I want to just quickly show you that
video and then I'll fill in the blanks
coaches at some of the nation's top
programs soliciting and accepting cash
bribes managers and financial advisers
circling blue chip prospects like
coyotes and employees of one of the
world's largest sportswear companies
secretly funneling cash to the families
of high school recruits in all we have
charged ten people in three separate
complaints for college basketball
coaches three people associated with
professional managers and advisers and
three with ties to the majors sportswear
company including its global marketing
director for basketball
these men allegedly participated in two
different two different four related
schemes in the first college coaches
took cash bribes from managers and
advisors in exchange for directing
players and their families to those
bribers in the second scheme managers
advisors and those affiliated with the
sportswear company worked together to
funnel money to families of some of the
country's top high school recruits
upwards of $100,000 for the players
commitment to play for the schools
sponsored by that company okay so that's
what's going on
keep in mind that these players are not
allowed to get paid while they're in
college they're not considered
professional athletes this whole
situation is frustrating because a lot
of people make a lot of money off of
these athletes but they're not allowed
to make any money and then there is you
know this shady stuff going on behind
the scenes to try to ensure that the
talented players go to these specific
universities and that they signed with
specific brands in this case adidas atop
adidas executive and two associates were
accused of arranging illicit payments
for highschool stars and their families
to secure athlete commitments to adidas
sponsored schools so first reaction is
relieved to find out the Justice
Department still working and I say that
not in regards to busting the players or
even the coaches but there was a company
involved adidas and they still actually
did an investigation and got them and
look even under Obama didn't happen that
often or not as often as it should have
and under Trump they we just did a story
yesterday where it was hearing regards
to banks and not sneaker companies but
they were basically like we're just
gonna let them police themselves right
so when you see the Justice Department
doing a good investigation of finding
out something going wrong bribery and
actually doing something about I felt
like yes okay a little bit of justice
and and it's amazing how lucrative these
deals are because in just one of the
incidents an assistant coach got ninety
one thousand five hundred dollars to two
direkt the players to a financial
advisor
so that financial advisor is going to
make so much more money off those
players later that the $91,000 is a
small percentage to give and that was
just one of the bribes to that guy so
there's a lot of money at stake here
which then finally leads me to the point
that Anna was making which is that it's
outrageous that they're not making money
in the first place which leads to
problems like this right because there's
so much money to be had here that if you
bottle it up and you make it illegal
it's gonna just flow out in terms of
bribery etc so so look I know what a lot
of guys think what difference does it
make they're gonna go to the NBA make
millions anyway no not all of them
so the NCAA's profit and the college's
profit and CBS and all the other
networks profit from all their playing
and only a small percentage of those
guys make it to the NBA
those guys provided entertainment and
didn't get paid anything for it
scholarships are great wonderful but but
it's it's not fair they didn't get the
the salaries that they could have gotten
if it was a professional sport and even
for the guys who make it some of them
get injured so they dispense their best
years in college and they never got paid
for exactly so so many people are making
money off of them and yeah scholarships
are great if you want to go to college
for free and that was what your
objective was right but for a lot of
them their goal is to be in the NBA and
in this case it's just the whole thing
is annoying and crazy and I get that
they make a lot of money for the schools
however it also cost the schools a lot
of money especially when you consider
how much the head coach is making all
that helped us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
