so recently Donald Trump came out and
attacked John McCain even though McCain
on 60 minutes recently said that his
prognosis of is very very poor and he
just flat out came out said he is a high
very high chance of not recovering and
they said look I'm trying to enjoy a
life well-lived
so now Trump to be fair before that
interview had gone against John McCain
quite vociferously how else does he ever
do anything but because we Kane
indicated that he was not going to vote
for the latest version of repeal and
replacing Obamacare let me give you his
tweets and then I'll give you more
recent stuff from from Trump as well and
remember there's just a couple of days
ago from Trump and everybody knew that
John McCain had a very severe case of
brain cancer even then so he he wrote
John McCain never had any intention of
voting for this bill which his governor
loves he campaigned for on repeal and
replace let Arizona down hey goes on to
say Arizona had a hundred and sixteen
percent increase in Obama care premiums
last year with deductibles very high
Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of
goods sad now don't ever trust any of
Donald Trump's numbers I'm just giving
you a sense of how much he's attacking
McCain by the way Trump recently did
deal with Chuck Schumer sad but of
course he's nowhere near done more
tweets large block grants the states is
a good thing to do also false better
control and management great for Arizona
McCain led his best friend Lindsey
Graham down when Lindsey Graham was
asked about this he said he could do any
damn thing he pleases
he's an American Hero and and he doesn't
have to vote with me on my bill
obviously taking McCain side over
Trump's finally Trump said Democrats are
laughingly saying that McCain had a
moment of courage tell that to the
people of Arizona who were deceived 116
percent increase so mocking McCain's
moment of courage then he went to
Alabama had a rally and ended a radio
show as well and kept on attacking the
king here's a clip from that you can
call it what you want but that was a
term that's the only reason we don't
have it because of John McCain nobody
thought he was an egg
vote without John McCain we have we
already have the healthcare ID and it
would have been very good by the way
so there is on the Rick and Bubba show
then he's gonna say it at the rally
let's watch they gave me a list of ten
people that were absolute knows these
are ten Republican senators now John
McCain's John McCain's list
john mccain was not on the list so that
was a totally unexpected thing terrible
honestly terrible terrible terrible
honestly okay so now joe scarborough's
gonna go off on him you know i'm not a
big fan of scarborough
I think he's of course right in this
case but what to me the most important
part is not just about Donald Trump we
already knew what kind of a vicious jerk
that he is
Scarborough caught on to that fairly
late let's be honest about that but he's
definitely on board for that now but
it's also a commentary on the Republican
voters first let's get a start I mean
you you have no humanity if you have a
man who's dying and you're using him for
political punchlines on a talk radio and
also in audiences in Alabama and by the
way for people watching at home if
you're in the audience and John McCain's
getting attacked and he's fighting life
alright unless you were raised in a barn
keep your mouth shut
all right show a little respect show a
little dignity show a little class I
like how Republicans like Scarborough
just realized who their voters are ya
know they they you quartered these guys
who are vicious you did the Southern
Strategy you you you use dog-whistle
terms against african-americans for
decades and decades and then you've come
to find out that your base is full of
vicious guys who will boo a guy who is
dying of brain cancer
Oh color me surprised well it turns out
Scarborough at least a surprise he's
gonna keep on going a man who served his
country in uniform when he could have
done what Donald Trump did could have
avoided the draft his father was one of
the most powerful men in America he
could have stayed home like Donald Trump
and he could have chased models do you
have the character to do that
well actually if you boo John McCain
you've already answered that question
someone has felled you in your life and
you need to examine that if you still go
to church you need to pray for yourself
this Sunday morning in church and then
when you get your head screwed on right
and you start putting humanity ahead of
politics against of stupidity against of
the tribalism that is destroying this
country then go home and tell your
children the story of John McCain and
what he did when things got tough and
how we put others ahead of himself
ahead of his safety even ahead of his
freedom ahead of his life and if you can
teach your children that lesson maybe
they will grow up to have a little
better than you so look I I agree with
all the things that he's saying here but
you know when he derives the tribalism
Trump didn't start that Trump might be
the culmination of that but the
Republican Party's been doing that
tribalism for a long long time now and
look you know I often criticize Joe
Scarborough for defending anyone in the
establishment and they lead and he's
doing that here but the guy's nothing so
I totally agree with him
that Trump has no bounds and the people
who were enjoying that and treating it
like it's a wrestling match when a guy's
life is actually hanging in the balance
that is not the right way to go and yes
I agree they were not raised right one
last piece here but shows the extent of
the nature of the party now that that's
not what happens when John McCain gets
mentioned at rallies by the president
his supporters they booth yeah who
raised them who raised these people
because I guarantee you I was raised in
the same region in the same
socio-economic background
go to the same Southern Baptist churches
going to the same Public Schools going
to the same public colleges state
schools that these people went to so I
asked who raised these people who have
they become that they would boo a man
who is fighting for his very life and I
served the country and it has served
this country in uniform who is a
prisoner of the Lord of this country who
was actually told you know what you can
be released from prison because your
father's really powerful he's a powerful
man and so just walk out of the prison
go home you can be reunited with your
family
we'll stop beating you well we'll stop
getting putting stars on your back go
home you will be freed and John McCain
said for those of you booing John McCain
right now and are too ignorant to read a
book John McCain said no I'm not gonna
go home until all my men go home with me
you should keep your mouth shut
now all that is true but remember
Republican voters had 17 choices they
chose Trump they're still backing Trump
so Scarborough is right to be mad at
Trump and to be fair to Halperin and
Scarborough both both guys I criticize
often but they're pointing out here it's
not just Trump
it is also Republican voters and that's
the state of the party as we stand right
now now if they reject Trump later maybe
they are a little bit better than Trump
but for now they're not help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
