we have news all right repeal or replace
dad again I know it's a zombie bill and
he keeps coming back up but they had
until September 30th to somehow figure
out how to get 50 Republicans to vote
for it so they don't need Democrats well
it looks like it is not going to happen
Mitch McConnell came out and said yep we
just couldn't do it couldn't get enough
Republicans to vote for it the
Congressional Budget Office which is
nonpartisan had come out and said yes it
will still cost untold millions of
Americans health care coverage and yes
it'll be more expensive and yes it'll
cover less pretty much disastrous news
which cost them susan collins as you'll
see in a second and so let me give you
the details on how this one is dead the
decision to shelve repeal legislation
came during a weekly caucus meeting on
Capitol Hill as leaders acknowledged
that the latest proposal from senators
Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham lacked
the support it required to pass that's
usually how bills died so they did not
bring it up for a vote because all that
would do is cause further embarrassment
since they don't have enough votes and
McCain might come back out there and go
which was super fun or okay so the
reason Senator Bill Cassidy who was the
author of this particular legislation
had to say this is because Donald Trump
sometimes doesn't know how things work
so he said quote we don't have the votes
which is the most obvious thing in the
world but Trump after one of the first
efforts to get rid of Obamacare it
failed it was like I don't understand
what happened why didn't it pass and
then he was like fuming about the
filibuster the filibuster has nothing
new with this filibuster 60 votes this
would have actually been a loophole
around the filibuster you just need 50
votes which is not even at majority my
egg pence would break the tie and and
then you'd get it to pass but you
couldn't get a majority you couldn't get
50 votes so Trump says that he's very
disappointed by a couple of senators
Republican senators you know he loves to
hit his own side again strategically
that might make sense in some cases
has it in this case if somehow he just
playing three-dimensional chess Trump
gives played chess what honor what are
these things what do you call this
castle why does it only move that way
anyway if he had been playing
three-dimensional chess well
checkmate I guess he had no strategy so
we'll let me give you more on Trump
bashing other Republicans which is
always fun he said we were very
disappointed that they would take the
attitude that they did we don't know why
they did it you can sort of figure that
but we'll see what happens
at some point there'll be a repeal in
place but we'll see whether or not that
point is now or will it be shortly
thereafter we are disappointed in
certain so-called Republicans who whose
shots fired okay now he apparently can't
figure out why they voted this way
actually it's very very clear Susan
Collins explained that well the
Congressional Budget Office the CBO came
out with the numbers saying all these
people would lose their health care
coverage furthermore he would now go to
the hill she cited the CBO score as one
of her reasons for opposing the
legislation authored by GOP senators
Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy while
also criticizing its custom Medicaid its
weakening of protections for people with
pre-existing conditions and predictions
by insurers hospitals and other groups
that it would lead to higher premiums
and less coverage for people well that's
apparently why they do that's why they
didn't vote yes that seems like ample
reason but Trump still trying to figure
it out it's like nobody can tell nobody
knows how scarce good complicated nobody
knew that and so I don't know why they
voted they voted oh this is a terrible
bill because it makes it more expensive
covers less and more people lose their
insurance and the list goes on and on
but you think they're gone they're never
gone so Lindsey Graham says quote we're
coming back to this after taxes what he
means by that is they're going to try to
pass a multi trillion dollar tax cut for
the rich that is their number one
priority has always been this health
care bill the real reason for it was
that it had about a six to seven hundred
billion dollar tax cut for the rich but
that was an appetizer now they're going
to
to pass a six to seven trillion dollar
tax cut for the rich so now they're
saying well maybe getting rid of
Obamacare costing you guys insurance by
giving another seven hundred billion
dollars to our rich donors that'll be
the dessert rather than the appetizer
Wow I really would forward to that but
one more thing if the Trump is still
flummoxed as to why politicians didn't
vote for this horrible bill that he
loved and supported well if you look at
the polling CBS News handed ad twenty
percent approval well that's pretty
crappy twenty percent is a miserable
number that might be another reason why
people looking forward to getting
reelected didn't vote for it by the way
Obamacare now polling at 54% the more
Trump and the Republicans attack
Obamacare the more people like it I like
won't look the premiums are a little too
high but at least people are covered in
if you have a pre-existing condition
they're not gonna let you die any more
now that we've seen the Republican
alternative Obamacare looks way better
so Donald if you're still wondering and
have no clue which is usually the case
for you as to why this didn't work and
how might work in the future call me I
could let you know by the way one thing
that does cover everyone has lower
premiums and covers more health care as
well gives you more options is a thing
called Medicare and luckily Medicare for
all Medicare is so popular it's polls a
77 percent for the people who for the
whole country people who have a
generally like a day if you want more
private insurance on time you can get
Medicare Advantage so Medicare for all
saying let us all into that popular
program is pulling at 60%
the only thing higher than Obamacare
because it checks off everything that
Donald Trump promised during the
campaign of course those relies on his
behalf it takes off it checks off every
single box that Americans actually want
in health care is this system perfect no
system is perfect but overall the reason
why it's incredibly popular is because
it works let's try that next it's not
that complicated all right
but good news today great your city in
fact let me do its dad for now so it's
dead so it might mean that you stay
alive it is health insurance that's how
it works
support independent media come join us
at the young turks TYT Network comm /
join
