joining me now is camera Caskey he is of
course when the pardon of survivors a
co-founder of the March for our lives
and that is an amazing group that has
had some great successes and brought a
lot of public attention to an issue that
it needs that attention just the end of
The Young Turks today the last story we
did was another shooting unfortunately
there's been a mass shooting pretty much
every day this year as there was last
year so I want to talk to you Cameron
about that and I want to talk to you
about your new podcast and your thoughts
on the midterms so let's get started
with how you started March for our lives
in the first place obviously there's a
tragedy and then but there's tragedies
all the time and and you know movements
don't necessarily arise from them how
did this one arise well you know I was
born in 2000 which means that I I've
really kind of grown up seeing all these
school shootings I mean this recent boom
of mass school shootings that we've seen
that that's kind of what my generation
really grew up on and it's something we
become so accustomed to so when you know
when when Gen Xers or Millennials were
expressing more shock we I didn't
understand it because you know I
remember where I was when I found out
about Aurora and Sandy Hook and I
remember not really being able to fully
understand it because when Aurora
happened I was about 11 I was about 11
years old same for her Sandy Hook it was
that timeframe and I remember thinking
you know after everything that's
happened do I want people to look back
at Stoneman Douglas the school that I
loved so much and remember footage of
people crying and you know
panning shots of a small town or do I
want people to remember everybody's
standing up and saying no more because
you know after these shootings
rightfully so in many communities simply
focus on healing and coming together and
I think that's incredibly important and
I think parkland did an amazing job of
that but I also wanted people to look at
us and say these are the people who said
when when will there be enough yeah I
love that you guys fought back in the
ways that you could in the political and
and through your speech and through
protests etc and you're absolutely right
Cameron and I hadn't thought of it that
way
I'm not a millennial so when I was
growing up there weren't nonstop
shootings
I remember the turning point at least in
a lot of the mindsets of most of a lot
of Americans my age was Columbine and
and that was a thing that we were like
whoa we can't believe Columbine was
supposed to be an anomaly and that was
right that was a big good conversation
that we had caught I understood why
people didn't take action after
Columbine and I do because in retrospect
who should have thought that that was
ever gonna happen again Columbine was
supposed to be this unbelievably
horrible thing that was really just an
anomaly but then it happens again and
again and again and we get to a point
where we say well how often are we
supposed to shrug this off as the price
of our freedom and sometimes people will
say that I get angry on the show yeah I
do and on an issue like this I think
that that's the proper a reaction what
am I supposed to be calm about kids
being massacred in our schools on a
daily basis we were too calm after Sandy
Hook and and what happened after Sandy
Hook unfortunately now the parents are
being chased all around the country by
insane conspiracy theorists well the
action went in the wrong direction it
shows you that that after such a
horrible tragedy you see the best and
you see the worst of humanity after 9/11
you saw so many heroic stories of people
saving each other and not caring who
they other person was just the other day
I was with somebody who survived the
9/11 attacks at the Pentagon and he said
you know when people were running into
the fire and pulling people out they
didn't care who you were where you came
from we were all humans and you know
after shootings like Sandy Hook or
Stoneman Douglas you see the kindness
and you see such amazing people stepping
forward but then you'll see some people
who are commenting horrible things about
children on the internet and their
profile pictures are cartoon frogs you
know yeah and it gives you a lot of
perspective perspective that I wish I
never had to gain but I'm glad I did
right and and they came for after you
guys to and oh the insane theories about
how you guys were crisis actors well I
you know that one that one is is quite
ridiculous but I have to give them
credit
I was in deeply invested in Stillman
Douglass's drama program and Stoneman
Douglas was in crisis so him calling me
a crisis actor was in many ways correct
in many ways false so you know if
somebody saw our production of Fiddler
on the Roof and then saw me going out
there speaking I understand what they
mean so you know of course I know you're
kidding and and and and I hope that
you've got a great career in in theater
maybe one day you know I don't know if
that's what you want to do but I I
guarantee you some people will actually
take that clip oh no yeah in this
situation people people like you and I
and many others in are in in the field
that we have been with that we've
stepped into we live for things we say
to be taken out of context I mean it
happened just yesterday I did an
interview where I discussed the fact
that I left March for our lives to
pursue different things because I put in
six months of time and effort and you
know after a shooting when you when you
jump right into the fire it's very easy
to get burned out so III talked about
how I left and how I was focusing on
messages of bipartisanship and many
people turned that into a headline
Caskey dumps March for our lives hates
the gun control movement I mean no it's
it's it's taken out of context I'm
actually super proud of my friends and I
think that they're doing a better job
without me but that's that's editorial
ization but you know I'm sure I'm sure
many things you've said have just been
ripped in Oh non-stop non-stop they will
literally take half a sentence and with
no shame at all just take it as if I
said the opposite of what I said anyway
so but you guys got things accomplished
you got Florida to pass a law which is
amazing and you know I I would have
wanted the law to be stronger but it's a
lot better than what it used to be so
what's in the law do you like it don't
like it that got passed that for the
shooting so I was very openly critical
of the law and I was also very openly
critical of the stopped school violence
Act that was passed in the omnibus and I
was trying to figure out what was my
biggest problem with them because
there's actually nothing I just like
there and I realized what it was my
biggest fear is that passing small laws
that are good steps to safety for the
students are going to let you know law
makers who don't want to take real
action here hide behind them so with the
stop school violence act which was very
which was fill
with a lot of language that I didn't
really expect to see much come out of I
was very very critical simply because I
said okay then anybody who voted for
that is going to be able to say look I
hope the kids when I didn't think that
was enough of a step but I really liked
the law that was passed in Florida
I'm very openly critical of Rick Scott I
think he's big fraud but I also think
that his ability to go out there and
pass that was very impressive especially
since Florida of course got sued by the
NRA afterwards because you know if you
pass that kind of law you're gonna get
sued by the NRA are you familiar with
Marion hammer uh only in passing she is
that she's an NRA enforcer in the state
of Florida and if you encourage you to
Google it for her she is she is an
interesting character and we would see
her in the Florida State Legislature
just walk by everybody go right into an
office walk out with somebody looking
terrified and and they look terrified
because here's somebody from the gun
lobby who says in this case we're gonna
take you out with money we're gonna
spend enough money to make sure that you
lose they spent fifty million dollars in
the last election I think that I think
that the NRA is Reach is well a lot of
its monetary there's there's more things
but we need to focus on you'll see that
the NRA is greatest strength in my
opinion is their ability to mobilize
smaller groups of people for smaller
elections so the NRA would be able to
send a text that says you know did to a
group to an election with maybe five
thousand people in some state some
random state you know that this this
mayor is gonna take away your gun rights
go vote and the NRA members however many
there are I don't think there's actually
five million and I mean my friend David
signed up for like four different
memberships so I don't think they really
have five million people but they're
able to get people moving and it's it's
actually remarkable the way they
structure that is is very very effective
they really know how to mobilize people
using fear I just figured out how
they're gonna twist what you just said
partly survivor says he's friendly with
the NRA survivor says NRA NRA handles
their work fantastically so I you know I
think I've developed a different
understanding for gun owners in this
country at first I thought that anybody
who disagreed with me about guns didn't
care
and kids died look I think 96 96 percent
of people in this country really care
when a shooting happens four percent
whatever but I think a lot of people
care and I think that I spend so much
time thinking that I was right and and I
you know I still firmly stand on my
beliefs with gun control but I used to
think that if he didn't share him
you were you were malicious and then I
met that guy in Texas who has an ar-15
in the house to protect his family
because he doesn't he doesn't understand
other perspectives I met that family
that really just carries their firearms
to defend themselves and well I don't
agree with all these gun laws I I now
get where these people are coming from
yeah well you know camera you're
actually more understanding than I am
because look I got a hobby too it's
fantasy football but nobody dies because
of it so very few people die because but
I'm sure there have been some rough
cases with yes but but they're their
hobby unfortunately has led to America's
owning 48% of all the guns in the world
and and more mass shootings here than
than any other country by an order of
magnitude but I said we were gonna talk
about the midterm elections and you were
just talking about how the NRA affects
elections so what's your take on the
midterms so I think the midterms this
year are going to be huge I think that I
think that you know the 2014 midterm
should have served as a big wake-up call
they had the lowest voter turnout since
what was a world war two and right now
people have a lot of to voted for this
year I thought it was gonna be a
single-issue election I thought you know
but back when I was beginning this
activism I thought people were going to
be voting on guns and that was it
but after summer I you know all these
things are coming out with different
stories immigration Cavanagh all these
things and I think this midterms the the
the this is gonna be a big message about
the future of our country yeah you know
all my life people always say this
upcoming election is the most important
election of our lives and my job is to
give real analysis and some of the time
ago no not really no Clinton versus Dole
was not the most important election of
your life no really right Oh Bob Dole I
mean nor was Obama versus Romney if you
ask me okay but these midterms this was
for real this is especially among
midterms probably these single
most important midterm of my life so so
I think you're absolutely right it's a
big one I mean I remember for example
you know during the Obama Romney
election I was talking to my parents my
parents were pretty much saying like I'm
cool either way that was an election
where I know a lot of people in this
country we're saying I understand where
both of them are coming from and I think
both of them are civil servants whether
or not I agree with them but this is a
midterms that I that are it's going to
be I mean III I'm hoping that this is
the highest voter turnout in the history
of the United States I don't know if
it's gonna be like that I'm praying it
will be but again it's a message to
saying well what's 2020 going to look
like what are these next coming years
going to look like
all right so Cameron one last thing
where you start a podcast
it the title is Cameron knows nothing so
what's it about so um you know so a lot
of pundit rewrite now comes from people
saying hey listen to me I'm the expert
come hear what I've got to say and I
actually appreciate a lot of that poetry
and I enjoy it but I think that one
thing we're not seeing a lot of is
people who are admittedly saying you
know I don't know very much about these
things come learn with me not you know I
I was very often propped up as an expert
on things like gun control and and other
topics when I'm not the expert on very
much at all
and so I you know I'm going to be
speaking to a lot of different people
hopefully you hope this is this is me
get getting you to do the show everybody
watching this you have to hold them to
it I want to just you know I want I want
people to avoid the mistakes I made
where they jumped right into something
without learning too much about it first
and I want them to reassess things
because when you're a 17 year old boy
you think you know everything turns out
you know I think it's really important
for everybody no matter where you fall
on the on eat whatever side of the aisle
to read every side to read every
perspective you know if there's a new
topic I'll read everything from Young
Turks CNN fox news daily wire I like I
like to compile everything which is why
I'm still a don't have a reader all
right Cameron kaske fighting back and
and trying to get a little bit justice
in this country thank you so much
appreciate it appreciate it like what
you see click this subscribe button
below and don't forget to ring the bell
to never miss another video from The
Young Turks
