Vergil Texas joins me he is while the
host of chapo traphouse he's got a new
book out the chapo guide to a revolution
and manifest so against logic facts and
reason fascinating I'll talk to him
about that he says that if you're a fan
of sacred cows prisoners being taken or
holds being barred then this book is not
for you
fascinating Virgil welcome to rebel
headquarters thank you so much for
having me no problem brother so for the
folks that are uninitiated what is chapo
Travis chapo Trap House is a comedy and
politics podcast it was started about
two years ago with the during the right
after the Democratic presidential
primary and the thing really blew up
after the election and right now it's a
kind of a minor cultural phenomenon we
are deal is internet figures so pace
magazine has called you guys vulgar
brilliant demigods of the new
progressive left that sounds fun so many
have characterized you as radicals how
do you plead to that charge so I think
guilty as charged I mean we are we look
at the status quo in this country and we
say no thank you sir yeah okay fair
enough so let's dive in a little bit and
find out what exactly that means so
assessment of Barack Obama go I think
his presidency was the failure I mean he
did a few good things as many of our
critics have pointed out nominating
Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court was
a great success but otherwise he came
into office with this opportunity to be
a transformational figure on the level
of the New Deal or the Great Society
right he comes into office with a
staggeringly high approval rating
filibuster proof majority in the Senate
massive majority in the United States
House and a spiraling unemployment rate
Dow Jones craters to something like
three thousand in his first few months
in office and he follows up with that by
putting Tim Geithner in his cabinet
putting
including in his cabinet putting gates
in his cabinet by arbitrarily limiting
his stimulus package that's supposed to
save the frickin economy - what was it
seven hundred billion dollars most of
which were tax cuts if you look into the
bill and you look at what actual pork
spending is in there it's less than 100
billion dollars that's a you know that's
a long weekend in Congress and this was
this was a chance to create a national
jobs program to create a massive new
entitlements to to reinvigorate the
place of the federal government and
society within the economy an
opportunity to actually defang wall
street and hold those who closed the
crises accountable none of that happened
and it's really staggering to look back
on the legislation that Obama signed
into law during his first two years in
office because in comparison to the
actual circumstances in the country at
that time it's not much at all
yeah so far I'm not seeing the radical
but we might if we keep going so are
there any good Republicans there I just
laughs so now look Virgil of course what
a lot of people would say I'm not sure
that I'm among them but they say well no
no no the Republicans just have a
different ideology than you do that that
doesn't mean they have bad intent or
that they're bad people evil ideology
and if you believe in it and you act
based on those principles you're an evil
person QED okay so why do you think it's
an evil ideology for what it's an i what
conservatism is today is a patchwork
it's a Frankenstein of just reactionary
hateful viewpoints and the what we talk
about in our book and our section on
conservatives is the idea of
intellectual conservatism
has always been an utter fraud from
William F Buckley and Iran to your
venture bureaus today and frankly one of
the benefits of the Trump administration
is he gives the game away he lays it
bare he shows you the utter evil intent
of modern-day conservatism he simply
doesn't speak in the language that
liberals sell it centrists and various
Beltway apparatchiks
can abide by so so far I haven't seen
that much disagreement between what you
guys say and what we say and so let's
try to find it okay are you for the
abolition of wage labor yes okay what
does that mean you have a society that's
organized right now around the necessity
of working in order to live we have a
society that's arranged around where the
only actual driving forces here are by
those who have capital and seek to
increase their standing in society
increase their wealth out of pure
self-interest and we know what that
leads to it's led to our current
circumstances and it's going to lead to
a very bad place you know I saw a news
article earlier this week saying that a
major health insurance company is I
believe was Hartford Insurance is only
going to put forward plans going forward
might be life insurance over plans going
forward for people wearing fitbit's
wearing wearable text so that the
actuaries can monitor their vital signs
at all times as our technologies
improved the technological developments
of the past few years have really just
led to this point where the forces of
capital and big business and society can
far more efficiently
put a dollar sign on every single human
being
not just in this country but frankly on
the planet and what the abolition of the
weight system means is well for what I
believe the abolition of capital and
currency which necessitates the
abolition of the wage system but rather
a society that is flying we've got a
word a communist society a society where
our inputs our work goes towards the
benefit of society that the profits so
to speak using that terminology is
shared equally and based on human needs
okay consider that to be a radical
proposition to you yeah I do X ha ha
we've found it we have found our
disagreement okay and it is a
significant actually so look if you when
you say the American companies track us
way too much 100 percent agreed now you
know I don't you sure you've seen it
some companies are now trying to implant
chips inside of people they say oh no
it'll help them get stuff out of the
vending machine so we'll change so we
need chips inside the body to do that
and this system is run amok and it's
unfettered capitalism that is
destructive but going to non currency
non wages not buying it I mean is there
something that's morally just about the
compulsion to work based solely on your
the circumstances of your birth because
I don't particularly think there is well
I mean it's a sad day for all of us but
we have to otherwise nothing will work
literally like I don't want to work a
lot of people don't know you know I'm
people say I'm a workaholic no I'd
rather not work a lot of people do enjoy
working they do find fulfilment in
contributing to society and in my mind I
would like to see a society where you
are encouraged to work not for the
benefit of someone over you ending
proving their profit margin and not
solely because if you don't a society is
dictator that you will die but rather
for the satisfaction that what you're
doing is socially valuable and that
benefits other people yeah look okay
that's okay good I'm heartened to find
out that that we do have some
disagreements good smart honest people
can can have those and and yeah I
believe that that's not how humans work
humans are both cooperative in wonderful
ways and were social animals but also
competitive and quite vicious at times
and so to say that humans will always be
as venal as they are in this society
therefore any attempt to reconstruct
society or redefine the terms of it or
even appeal to people's better nature is
futile
no it in changing this system and I
believe in changing it in a way that
responds to incentives and disincentives
and so for example corporations don't
have to have their only motive be
maximizing profit there are many other
ways to structure corporations labor
could be part of the board they can be
told to care about other stakeholders
including citizens and I think that that
makes a lot of sense
but I think that if you ignore what I
consider to be fundamental human nature
you're gonna run into problems of
incentives and disincentives I disagree
on that point and of course I agree that
right now under our current
circumstances
you mentioned corporations could be told
to have other priorities told you meet
older mandated because the way things
we're gonna know there is simply exactly
there is exactly one priority and that
is to maximize profits I think the part
that you probably you and I almost
certainly agree on is I believe in
rewriting the code the code is now
currently what we call the law and and
the master code is the Constitution and
and I love the
huge parts of the constitution but the
way that the Supreme Court has
interpreted the Constitution encourages
and has created a system of wide-scale
corruption and bribery so we need to
write an amendment rewrite the code so
that we don't encourage corruption we
discourage corruption and so and in
terms of the law we need to rewrite the
code so that the company's sole
motivation is not maximizing profit that
could be one of their considerations but
in my opinion you might disagree with
that but not their sole consideration
anything that is voluntary is hopelessly
naive yeah and I believe that in both
directions so the conservatives who say
corporations will voluntarily do good
things out of the goodness of their
heart that's hilarious but also I would
say to you I'm not sure that humans are
going to voluntarily work super hard
only and only take what they need I'm
not saying only take what you need I'm
saying that the distributions are based
on human needs and based on a gala
terian principles okay
you know so we're out of time here but
we should talk more we you know if
people should check out your podcast and
your book to get a full sense of your
thoughts and ideas and the books is
chop-o trap the way you can get to it is
chavo trap house calm slash book and
it's called a I keep saying chocolate
the chapel died to the revolution sorry
I'm a little old but Virgil sexist thank
you brother for joining us really enjoy
conversations thanks so much for having
me on I had a great time on the go don't
worry we got you covered
you still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
