now you know what Trump said about the
NFL he said wouldn't you love to see any
of these NFL indoors when somebody
disrespects our flag to say get that
sumbitch off the field right now he's
fired
right well apparently owners that and
NASCAR were asked about this and some of
them decided to be very conservative but
hold because there's lots of twists and
turns in this story which makes sense
lots of turns didn't ask oh yeah yeah
all right okay
hey so for now we go to the hill former
NASCAR champion Richard Petty told The
Associated Press that any member of his
team would be fired if they chose to
protest the national anthem penny now
owns Richard Petty Motorsports so he's
joining Trump and saying yes if you do
something I don't agree with politically
and you speak your mind I'll fire you
now he does have the right to do that
because he's not the government Trump
pressuring people to do that as the
government as the leader of the
government unfortunately is a First
Amendment issue you know whether he
takes action is is a separate story
Trump petty can do this I don't know if
it's advisable but he can and he petit
said quote anybody that don't stand up
for the anthem ought to be out of the
country period what got him where
they're at the United States a couple
other things but and their parents and
their community and their friends and
anyway and their ability to drive a car
apparently so Petty's on one side I got
it and by the way he's got his you know
right to his opinion to if I I don't
want him to fire anybody over it but if
during the anthem he want to do jumping
jacks and you know shout for joy and
play that's your right now we go to
another owner Richard Childress a former
driver who owns Richard Childress Racing
said any protest from his team members
would get you a ride on a Greyhound bus
hmm so second owner threatening to fire
people over it Trump must be happy and
he is he tweets so proud of NASCAR and
his supporters and fans they won't put
up with disrespecting our country or our
flag they said it loud and clear now
holds we're gonna get to that in a
second but first
want to give credit Dale Earnhardt jr.
not everybody in NASCAR agrees Earnhardt
put out a great statement he said all
Americans are granted rights to peaceful
protests and then he quoted JFK saying
those who make peaceful revolution
impossible will make violent revolution
inevitable damn look at the other in our
jr. ok that's a wonderful ode not to
being progressive and I don't know what
his personal politics are but to this
country saying that's the whole point of
America that's why we got them in the
first place because we have the right
and the freedom to do what we want
during the national anthem you missed
the whole point of the country so bless
his heart on that then NASCAR had to put
out a statement and that basically
splits the baby and it was artfully done
here let me read it to you they said
sports are a unifying influence in our
society bringing people who had
differing backgrounds and beliefs
together our respect for the national
anthem has always been a hallmark of our
pre-race events thanks to the sacrifices
of many we live in a country of
unparalleled freedoms and countless
liberties including the right to
peacefully express one's opinion so in
other words national anthem is awesome
respect the flag respect the troops but
part of respecting it is respecting
other people's right to speak out you
know what I'll take it I'll take it they
kind of play to both sides but that's
all right god bless they emphasize the
right to speak out so that's a good
thing but Jameel Hill who's a of course
on ESPN and cover sports she tweeted now
I think that this might have been before
the NASCAR statement but she wrote but
that Confederate flag is welcome any
time at NASCAR races hashtag the irony
hmm so we didn't look around and it
turns out oh yeah the Confederate flag
is often flown at NASCAR races to be
fair so as a pirate flag okay there's a
trump flag a Confederate flying in an
American flag all at once and then now
these are pictures from 2015 and that's
very relevant and I'll tell you why
because in 2015 NASCAR tried to do the
right thing so credit
credit is do be fair and honest to
everybody okay so you might not agree
with some of the NASCAR owners but in
2015 NASCAR said please stop bringing
Confederate flex to the races it's not a
good look you know what their fans did a
screw off
they brought even more Confederate flags
and that effort that was a
well-intentioned effort by NASCAR failed
but there's a twist to that they said if
you want to bring in your confederate
flag and we'll give you an American flag
instead because I don't know if these
folks remember that but the Confederates
did a revolution against America so they
rebelled against America that committed
treason against America
so NASCAR said why don't we give you our
flag instead I mean look at the irony of
that to salute a flag that not only did
not respect America our national anthem
and our flag but actually declared war
against it nothing could be more
disrespectful to the American flag than
bringing and waving a confederate flag
they went to war against us they try to
rip this country apart
luckily they lost and when NASCAR said
we'll give you an American flag instead
a lot of the fans said no thank you we
rather keep the confederate flag again
don't judge all NASCAR fans they didn't
all do that some portion of them did
that and there are plenty of pictures
and videos from those races in 2015 to
prove that so it is an interesting point
by Jimmy O he'll point very well taken
but unfortunately because of Trump
everybody's divided now and there's no
uniform opinion of NASCAR unfortunately
they - or divided here's an idea why
don't we rally around yes the American
flag but more importantly what the
American flag stands for it stands for
freedom and that includes the freedom of
speech and the freedom to speak out to
make America better and yes that
includes making our government and our
policing better if you say we should not
speak out against the police which are
part of our government to make them
better then you did not understand this
country at all and you don't respect us
our flag or
support independent media come join us
at the Young Turks TYT Network comm /
join
