the Trump administration is considering
replacing its travel ban on Muslim
majority countries some Muslim majority
countries with a more targeted policy
that would impact even more countries so
to do the details on that the New York
Times I'm sorry The Wall Street Journal
is reporting that rather than banned
travel all together from the nation's on
the new list the order is set to create
restrictions that vary by country based
on cooperation with the United States
mandates the threat posed by each
country and other factors so let me be
clear about one thing before we proceed
there are very few details given to the
press by the Trump administration the
only thing that we know so far is that
they're considering expanding this
travel ban and targeting countries that
don't cooperate with us when it comes to
things like reporting known terrorists
and things like that so the Department
of Homeland Security originally flagged
17 nations although they haven't told us
which 17 nations they flagged as failing
to comply with standards about half of
those 17 nations made changes that
brought them into compliance
now travelers from one or two more
countries could face additional
background checks when seeking to travel
to the United States but not a travel
ban okay so we don't know what this
means at all okay all we know is this is
gonna impact more countries we don't
know exactly what their standards are
gonna be in terms of limiting or
restricting the travel from these
countries we don't know which countries
they're even looking at we just know
that this is in the works
i I hear you on that but based on the
details that we have so far I'm gonna
shock the world I think I agree with the
new policy so let me explain the old
policy was seven Muslim countries I
don't know I don't like him but we're
banning everybody from them and then
they'd had to take out a rack because
Trump forgot that Iraq's supposed to be
an ally because we liberated them but he
said oh yeah oops I didn't mean Iraq so
that was an incredibly dumb
black-and-white policy that was clearly
discriminatory now I don't know if the
17 nations include Muslim and non-muslim
nations
that would make it much better so that
it's not discriminatory but but let me
tell you the parts that I like about the
new potential policy so if P if the
countries are not trying to are not
working with us in identifying people
that we know or believe to be terrorists
or criminals well that's a significant
problem that's that's specific that's
something real that's not like I don't
like Muslims that's like hey guys we
think those guys are terrorists can you
help us no I won't help you well alright
then I won't let people from your
country in and then we want them to use
electronic passports with biometrics I
know that has some downsides but also
has some upsides of being able to find
people that we're looking for that are
bad guys in countries regularly
reporting lost or stolen passports to
Interpol so if we say to Sudan hey guys
there's all these stolen or lost
passports we're afraid they're gonna be
used by bad guys can you report them to
Interpol and they're like now screw off
well then we go okay well then you screw
off but it Trump put you sticks as well
as carrots and and Obama also was
fighting this so it's not like it's a
new thing with Obama was asking for the
same things that Trump was again if
Trump goes to that same Obama policy
that's not a bad thing that's a good
thing right
but Obama would say all right if you
don't do it we're gonna take it or if
you do do it we're gonna give you
visa-free travel to the US and instead
of a carrot and Trump is saying if you
don't do it we're not gonna let your
citizens come here that's a stick I
believe in using carrots and sticks so
you know what happened it sounds like
from The Wall Street Journal story about
eight out of the seventeen nations now
are complying that's a good thing yeah
but it concerns me that they won't
disclose which countries they are and I
don't I don't believe the Department of
Homeland Security which is drafting this
let this new policy at the moment first
of all I don't trust Jeff Sessions I
don't trust what their intentions are I
think that they use the fear-mongering
tactic of terrorism and how terrorists
are an imminent threat to the United
States as a way to pass you know
discriminatory hateful
legislation and policies like I just
don't trust them so if this was I'm
sorry from there up to you but if this
was an administration that had shown
they had a record of showing that they
genuinely just care about the safety of
Americans and they don't want to do
things that are hateful toward groups of
people that they've deemed you know
dangerous then I'd say alright you know
they have our best best interests in
mind but I I just they're being they're
not being transparent and I think
they're not being transparent for a
reason yeah Jake you're making a huge
mistake
this isn't the first time they're gonna
do something smart they're incapable of
it that's not the way that they you know
the way that you worry that Trump is
gonna make such an enormous mistake that
will significantly harm the economy you
think they've figured this out these are
these are not bright people these are
not professional people engaged in this
stop calling it a travel ban you want to
get tough on countries that don't
cooperate with us in the war on
terrorism then make an announcement that
you're gonna stop that countries that
are not cooperating with us about
getting the details of known criminals
that we're met we might make it much
harder for people from that country to
come so it's not you're gonna be on that
list doubt it is China gonna be on that
list I mean China is helping a dictator
and supplying them with whatever is
necessary to build you know their
nuclear capability but you think that
Trump is gonna do anything against China
really do anything against China
so what look okay now North Korea
situation is a little bit different if
China is helping find stolen passports
and attract terrorists and criminals but
they're not helping with North Korea
it's just a separate issue if but if we
find out but there are non Muslim
nations that are not doing these things
but we let them in anyway then you guys
are 100% right if it only applies the
Muslim nations that's what he struck me
that's what they want a political win
and they like scapegoating Muslims and
I'm not pretending that there aren't
that that we don't have an issue with a
lot of Muslim majority countries who may
not be cooperating with us in a very
tangible way that they ought to be
cooperating in the in the war on terror
to borrow their phrase then I got no
problem with that I'd I'd be with you
that you've core
this one this is what would happen on a
regular basis between Department of
Homeland Security and security officials
in countries around the world like hey
we need this cooperation you know
cooperate I don't care about using the
stick either I might prevent everyone in
your country from coming over and maybe
that'll work right but the goal here
won't be about coming up with a policy
that actually makes people safe it's
inconceivable that's not what they cared
about that's why we know that they
didn't care about it because of the very
nature of the way the first Muslim ban
was orchestrated in the countries that
were exempt from but the last thing on
this guys it's possible that we're
talking about two different fashions
within the White House and the
administration so did Trump do the
original Muslim ban because he was
trying to get biometric information no
he said of during the campaign and he
said it's a total and complete ban on
all Muslims he did it again most from
bigots and it was a Steve banning
strategy but this is Department of
Homeland Security and it might be
general McMaster who runs that who's
saying let me try to make something
positive out of something negative all
right a Muslim ban is disastrous and on
American I'll turn it into something
that's productive and then I'll tell
Trump oh this is the venue we're looking
for president Trump I think that that's
has a decent chance of being true maybe
that's another way of looking at and if
that's true then okay but I mean it
would be a rare moment of competency and
thoughtfulness and policy awareness from
this administration and and finally in
an area that the President himself has
demagogued about consistently but
remember the bannon's are out and the
Gorkhas are out on those guys so there's
still Stephen Mellon there's still some
really bad guys and there's a bad guy
named Trump that's still in office but
some of the competent guys have taken
over some of the functions inside the
government now that doesn't mean that
Trump is going to listen to them so this
could be their plan and they bring the
trumpet he goes no I meant just been
Muslims randomly I think just vetoes it
so that's entirely possible but if they
execute the plan as The Wall Street
Journal has it and is reporting it then
it wouldn't be so bad okay yeah I mean I
read it and I thought to say I thought
well it has the it has the feel and the
sound
of competence but I am still more with
Anna like I you're gonna have to show me
competence a few times before I believe
that that will that that's gonna come
about I hear you
alright I like to say fool me fool me
fool me once shame on you working for
again alright so that guy was smarter
that's true and incredibly depressing
there's an old saying in Tennessee I
know it's in Texas probably in Tennessee
that's just fool me once shame on shame
on you
it fooled me can't get fooled again
