I get why you would petition to your
school to disinvite a speaker right but
the list of people who've been
disinvited is too long like there are
people who I think you could take a
stand and go now not at our school if
it's an official school invitation if
the Republican Party is inviting them
well then you got to let them come
that's it but you know I mean I could
see protesting I know you debated her
but I could see saying no to Ann Coulter
right you can't say no to ben shapiro
like you know like you don't agree with
ben shapiro but you gotta let the guy
the guy gets to speak there's no
question that he gets to speak i don't
even care about having an coulter
culture is deeply unpopular right like
deeply unpopular so let her go share her
deeply unpopular ideas just yesterday
she was calling for death squads to go
after immigrants like she's a terrible
horrible but buddy but go ahead
I just mean I think that to death squads
to immigrants I think if your college is
inviting here you can say no we're not
we don't have to give a platform to
someone who calls for death squads to
immigrants that's that's too far nuking
Muslim countries that's too far right
conservatives who I think had largely
deeply popular ideas like ben shapiro
but he's got an argument and you should
hear him out and if you want to have a
counter protest fine but he gets the he
gets to speak I just mean there is there
is someone they can't invite anywhere if
they said and you know they said where
Heinrich Himmler's coming in to speak
right you could say no we're not gonna
hear from Joseph Stalin we're not gonna
hear from Hitler right I I think to me
that to me that's okay but but it's a
it's a tough line to draw it is a tough
line to draw but I also I could draw it
here's the thing yeah here's another
thing to keep in mind just because
they're not gonna go it let's say these
students are successful and they stop
who they consider an offensive speaker
from speaking on their campus that
doesn't like brush the situation under
the rug and that's it that's that person
can't spread their message any more they
can and they will spread their message
in fact you know some of the protests
that went down in Berkeley only
amplified their message right and so
it's so counterproductive I mean look I
agree
with where the students are coming from
right I feel them and it's frustrating
but at the same time you got to think
about a strategy that's actually
productive and makes them look like
clowns and makes you look like the good
guy not you looking like the bad guy
which is how these situations usually
unravel I think it's much more I think
it would be more successful if you just
completely ignore them no one goes to
their speeches except for the few people
from whatever Patriot patriot
organization is at Berkeley and then how
about you host a progressive speaker
that's obviously going to attract a much
larger crowd right you know and then
show up afterwards to turn your back
whatever you know there's plenty of
symbolic gestures but but you got you
gotta let the people you basically you
basically have to let them see so let me
let me tell you how much because it's
not just Berkeley this is affecting
every campus and it affects every
speaker every professor if they're known
to have any political ideology right
right now in the department that I teach
in there's like non-stop ongoing
discussions about First Amendment issues
right so what do you do when a student
walks into your classroom in the middle
of your lecture and interrupts you
because they don't like you know
something that you've done in the past
something that you've said in the past
like you have to now go through training
and strategies in order to deal with
these issues and think about it like a
lot of professors barely get paid
anything they're working like crazy and
then and it's a very selfless job right
they're doing it because they love it
and so to add on to all of that stress
you have to worry about someone coming
in and interrupting your class and
trying to make it difficult for you to
even get through your lecture like it's
insane just guys I had conservative
professors I had liberal professors it's
okay it's okay
look I'm an agnostic I have never ever
wanted to shut down a religious person
from speaking because I have no fear at
all that they're going to convince me or
convince someone else like no but you
don't get it
Jesus was a born of a virgin okay you
make that case all day long a thousand
times over it's never going to be true
I'm not threatened by it I'll you know
let them freaking speak okay so and by
the way at Berkeley
where they're doing that free speech
week there are now going to be counter
speeches and one of our hostess on piker
is gonna go no let me jump in because
you guys should be aware of this because
it's this is exactly what they want so
Milo innopolis and Coulter all the
deplorable people that we know about
tried to do a free speech week at
Berkeley Berkeley was completely
cooperating with them but the student
organization behind free speech week did
not meet the deadlines in order to have
you know the indoor event so the
administrators are like look you're not
giving us enough time to make sure we
have the proper you know set up the
infrastructure the cops necessary to
keep the area secure and unfortunately
you know we can't host it indoors
anymore because you miss the deadline
you're gonna have to host it outside I
get a press release today and guess what
that press release said oh because the
student organization is fearful of an
Tifa they have decided to move free
speech week off-campus no they're not
fearful of an Tifa
they did not meet the deadlines okay but
they twist the message and they make it
seem like oh these liberals are trying
to stop them from speaking that's also
but like it's so frustrating it's
important that colleges have free
exchange of ideas they do and Milo and
and who else is going but nobody knows
okay keep lying those two people like
look man if you got to have an off
campus like that that's actually kind of
irrelevant
like here's what's not a problem here's
what's not happening in America Milo and
Ann Coulter are being hurt I mean
they're being heard they're being heard
they're being heard plenty and they are
in fact evidence that the First
Amendment is is working and working well
and if a school doesn't want to host
them they don't have to host them and if
the school invites them under the
penumbra of the entire school to me
rather than a specific organization in
school I think students can say no we
don't want that and the school can react
however they want and then the people
can go speak somewhere else that that's
part of the exchange of ideas once
they're coming they get to speak and by
the way the reason they don't want to do
it off campus which could be just as
effective is because they want the money
so it's not just about free speech they
get paid for these speeches so anyway so
let me give you
a few more results from this survey
here's another question posed to the
respondents a student group opposed to
the speaker uses violence to prevent the
speaker from speaking do you agree or
disagree that the student groups actions
are acceptable so here is a graph
showing those who agree among all
respondents 19% things to think it's
acceptable to use violence to stop this
form of speech among Democrats it's 20%
and Oh would you look at that among
Republicans it's 22% among independents
16 percent females 10 percent males 30%
I mean women are the big winners in this
poll the it's just it's so obvious who
answers yes to that what kind of
Neanderthal answers yesterday
unfortunately one-fifth of the
population at least in these
universities and the people that they
asked so that is 20% is a bad number man
that's 20% willing to use violence that
is way too high and unsurprisingly here
the right wing is low willing to use
violence a little bit more that's
statistically incidence yeah but it's a
small number I agree with you the fact
that the progressives are anywhere near
the right wing on the you know what
willingness to use violence rages yeah
that's right the whole point of being a
progressives that you don't go in that
direction god college concern this is
this is a bad poll for college kids yeah
but I'll tell you what though this so I
think they're part of what's happening
here guys is that there's the folks have
actually grabbed pitchforks yeah and and
so this is exactly what we're trying to
prevent and and I think that this is why
I keep hammering the establishment
because in their bubble everything is
wonderful and they're not seeing these
pitchforks and we are and they're right
behind us so you we got to find a way to
bring actual justice and equality of the
country otherwise this is gonna go south
and it's gonna go south pretty quickly I
mean if that number moves in 20% to 40%
we're in over
world of pain and and it then becomes a
different country to that point just
about pitchforks and anger and the
establishment maybe not getting that
Dave why go wrote a tweet today that i
retweeted that I liked quite a bit it
includes favorability ratings for Bernie
Sanders and for Lindsey Graham oh this
ought to be great so Bernie Sanders
right now is at fifty seven thirty three
favorable right and Lindsey Graham who
was admittedly far less known and his
numbers are he's at fifty six
unfavorable forty four favorable but
he's also known a lot less right so and
then why don't
while retweeting those numbers wrote in
DC Lindsey Graham is the affable
greenroom guy yes and Bernie Sanders is
a wild leftist right yeah that's a great
tweet but Dave and in the world
Bernie Sanders is enormous leap opulence
II Graham is unknown and unpopular yeah
that's exactly right and then and to
this day when I go to New York and DC I
just went to New York and I talked to
folks who are well-meaning good guys
they they still don't get it
Bernie's wild-eyed Bernie's radical no
dude that twenty percent that's willing
to use violence that's radical yeah and
also Ernie is nowhere near radical and I
it's so I mean you don't have to be a
taking a bunch of government classes and
spent your life studying politics to
know that like yeah and the seventeen
Democrats who've come out for
single-payer right we're not about to
get single-payer we're obviously not
getting single-payer in the Trump
administration right that's patently
obvious he wouldn't sign it so although
who knows it's him
you know actually but if Democrats were
to win the Senate in the house but but
but he's not gonna pay but this is how
that process works and then when there's
a negotiation when there's another
president the negotiation includes a
bunch of people arguing for single-payer
in the negotiation is made over here
yeah and then who knows in twenty years
or two years we may have it's not crazy
this is what this is this is how you
change this is how you get everybody
covered yeah I just man sometimes I
gotta say man that I can't stand
Washington
fact that they like Lindsey Graham and
think that he's more representative the
American people despite all available
evidence than Bernie Sanders it's just
fucking gross and and it's what's gonna
lead to bad things they are so out of
whack with the rest of the country if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm / join
