according to a new report by the New
York Times the White House is absolutely
gripped with paranoia the report says
that people within the White House White
House officials believe that some other
officials or White House aides might
actually be wearing wires so that they
can record conversations with White
House officials or Donald Trump himself
and later on go turn in those tapes to
special prosecutor Robert Muller now
this is a legitimate fear that some
people within the Trump administration
are having right now according to
sources within this report people in the
White House are readily admitting that
yeah there are some lack of news up here
that absolutely think we're wearing
wires so that we can turn these over to
Bob Muller later so he has more evidence
to start prosecuting people here's the
thing they absolutely could be wearing
wires at the request of Bob Muller
trying to get information but if these
people are so paranoid about their
conversations being recorded then the
bigger question here is what are they
talking about that they're afraid of
other people specifically a special
prosecutor overhearing and that only
further proves that we probably need
somebody in the White House wearing a
wire to find out what the hell is going
on behind the scenes we already know
that this special prosecutor his
investigation is already touching on
Kushner Trump jr. we know it's going to
Trump we know he's calling in White
House aides to give some testimony we
know more and more people are being
called to come testify in front of the
grand jury Don jr. is probably gonna
have to testify in front of a full
Senate panel later this month and so
things are getting a little crazy with
this investigation because it's roping
in everybody from the Trump
administration even people who have left
we learned this past weekend that
Michael Flynn was trying to negotiate
some kind of pay to play with other
countries regarding nuclear weapons so
yeah I don't fault
people within the Trump administration
for
a little paranoid right now because you
really should be bad things are
happening for each and every one of you
in terms of this special prosecutors
investigation and it's only a matter of
time before every one of you gets taken
down it might be six months from now it
might be a year and a half from now it
could be by the end of this month we
don't know and to be honest that's part
of the fun of it
watching these idiots squirm because
they know they did things that were
unethical or possibly possibly illegal
but not knowing when that hammer is
gonna drop and finally take them away to
prison that is about the only good thing
happening with the Trump administration
today
