Senate Republicans are trying to rush a
vote in order to pass a replacement for
the affordable care act they have a
deadline to do so if they plan to pass
it with a simple majority now there has
been a number of people there have been
a number of people who have already
criticized this replacement plan because
a they're just trying to rush it B they
haven't given the Congressional Budget
Office an opportunity to do an analysis
on this legislation and finally it
doesn't seem to be any better than what
they had previously proposed now Jimmy
Kimmel is part of this discussion which
might shock some people but he actually
weighed in on the health care debate
early on when he disclosed that his son
had a rare heart condition and luckily
since he has a certain level of wealth
he was able to provide health care to
his child however if we repeal the
Affordable Care Act at least if the GOP
does so there is a big question mark in
regard to whether or not people would be
denied if they have pre-existing
conditions or if premiums could increase
so much that even if they couldn't get
denied for pre-existing conditions
people wouldn't be able to afford that
health care because of how pricey it
would be now Kimmel decided to criticize
senator Cassidy because it turns out
that Cassidy lied to him
Cassidy claimed that any proposal that
he puts forward would pass the so-called
Kimmel test indicating that it would
cover everyone regardless of whether or
not they had a pre-existing condition
well Kimmel's read of the legislation
indicates that that's not the case so
here's what's being reported Kimmel did
a long monologue recently and his
comments came during an impassioned
monologue directed at Senator Bill
Cassidy who said in the past that any
Obamacare replacement must be able to
pass the Jimmy Kimmel test here's what
Kimmel said your child with the
pre-existing condition will get the care
he needs if and only if his father is
Jimmy Kimmel otherwise you might be
screwed Kimmel went on to say how
Cassidy had in the past promised
coverage for all no discrimination based
on pre-existing conditions lower
premiums for middle class families
no lifetime caps and here's what he said
guess what the new bill does none of
those things not only did Bill Cassidy
failed the Jimmy Kimmel test he failed
the Bill Cassidy test he failed his own
test now senator Cassidy has responded
to Kimmel's criticism and I want to
share that video with you right now
let's take a look what is your response
senator I'm sorry he does not understand
under Graham Cassidy Heller Johnson more
people out coverage and we protect those
with pre-existing conditions it states
like Maine Virginia Florida Missouri
there'll be billions of more billions
more dollars to prefer to provide health
insurance coverage for those in those
states who have been passed by by
Obamacare and we protect those or
pre-existing conditions well the counter
argument will be pre-existing conditions
will be up to the pricing of the
particular state and market so it's not
what it is now where you can't allow
insurance companies to cherry-pick and
punish people for pre-existing
conditions so the protection is not the
same senator on that one point the
protection is absolutely the same
there's a specific provision that says
that if a state applies for a waiver it
must ensure that those with pre-existing
conditions have affordable and adequate
coverage but affordable and adequate
cover but the schedule of what people
might pay that is out there making the
rounds pending a CBO score which you
know you guys have to wait for under the
rules for this type of reconciliation
the price won't be the same as it is now
it's going to be different actually I
think the I think the price will
actually be lower what is being
circulated is by those who wish to
preserve Obamacare and they're doing
everything they can to discredit the
alternative so Cassidy is just straight
up lying in that segment and he lies
with a number of things first of all yes
it's true that the legislation says that
insurance companies cannot deny people
for pre-existing conditions however it
also does away with Obama care
regulations that prevent insurance
companies from charging you whatever
they want if you do have a pre-existing
condition so under this plan health
surance companies are expected to raise
your premiums if you have a pre-existing
condition and the reality is they can
consider anything a pre-existing
condition yeah and there's a tiny closet
senator Cassidy put in there we said if
a state applies for a waiver there
shouldn't be an if with a pre-existing
condition I mean that's that's so let's
say you're in a state that doesn't apply
for a waiver pre-existing conditions by
definition are not then covered so if
they're not applying for the waiver and
the pre-existing condition isn't covered
there's even if they do apply for it you
have to apply for the waivers there's a
period of time where people with
pre-existing conditions would not by
definition in this Cassidy bill would
not be covered so it's it's it's really
false premise to say that now he's right
that if they apply for the waiver and
then it could be covered but Chris
Cuomo's I thought ask great questions in
that in that segment because absolutely
the the the scale is entirely different
by state so people who were previously
covered may not be covered to the same
extent right and also keep in mind that
Cassidy in that clip claimed that this
is gonna lower premiums but based on
what information because you haven't
even allowed the Congressional Budget
Office to do an analysis on this which
by the way bipartisan organization you
haven't even given them the opportunity
to do that you just want to jam this
through a vote without any proper
analysis and what's incredible to me is
again I I mean I made this point early
on when we cover this story but you guys
failed so miserably with such an
incredibly unpopular replacement plan
and it was embarrassing and now you come
back to the American people well you
could actually kind of try to secretly
pass this type of legislation but now
this is making headlines people are
paying attention and you have the
audacity to propose something that's
just as worse maybe even worse we don't
even know because the Congressional
Budget Office has not given an
opportunity to do a proper analysis now
Lindsey Graham is also co-sponsoring
this replacement proposal and he also
decided to not only defend Cassie but
defend this replacement let's take a
look
here's what I say to mr. Kimmel I
understand the emotional nature of
having a sick child and we're all great
for your child is doing well bill
cassadee is a doctor who worked in a
non-profit hospital serving the under
privileged factually our bill requires
pre-existing illnesses to be covered in
the Block Grant we've run it through the
chips program the Children's Health
Program that's been in existence for
twenty years it's got to be compliant
with the terms of that program you do
cover pre-existing illnesses but will
allow 50 states to come up with
solutions to help sick people not just
some bureaucrat in Washington and I bet
you this Brian I bet she never called
senator Cassidy and said would you
please set this straight I bet he looked
at some liberal talking point bought it
hook line and sinker and went after Bill
Cassidy without talking to him and I
think that's unfair I think he probably
read what this legislation entails what
everybody's doing we had bill Cassidy on
his show already and there's no way we
it's so disingenuous for Lindsey Graham
to say I understand what it's like to
have a child
well you don't because you don't have
children you're and so you you'll never
understand that in the exact same way
that Jimmy Kimmel I have a child and I
don't understand because my child has
never been in the situation that Jimmy
Kimmel's kid was in but it's what you
were about to say is just so true it's
like he looked at the everything that's
circulating he's looked at what other
senators would Susan Collins your
colleague Senator Graham what what Rand
Paul looked at what what Democrats in
the same chamber of looked at and said
this is absurd this is worse than what
you gave us last time and we voted that
down so I take real issue with what
Lindsey Graham said to his friendly fox
audience go on to go on to another come
out to this show Senator Graham and say
those same things you're saying that
Jimmy Kimmel is doing it by looking at
liberal media know why don't you come
sit between Anna and me right now and
and ask let us ask I would love to what
what about this bill and why it's not
true because right what you're saying
isn't true you keep hearing the same GOP
talking point play out in the media over
and over again and that talking point is
well it's not fair you know some states
like California are getting way more
in terms of federal funds toward these
healthcare policies but the reason why
states like California received that
money is because they agreed to
expanding Medicare the states that
received less money did not agree they
refused it okay if they had agreed they
would have received money as well and so
that's what's really going on behind the
scenes if you are living in a red state
that denied that money and you're paying
a ton for your premiums understand that
that's what's working behind the scenes
that is part of the reason it's because
your lawmakers are not looking out for
your best interests they're looking out
for their donors and they're looking out
for political brownie points and they're
twisting the message in the media over
and over again support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
