conservatives are furious with Dolly
Parton over her appearance at the Emmys
she actually took the stage with Lily
Tomlin and Jane Fonda and of course
their you know speech got a little
political now they were in a movie
together 9:00 to 5:00 and that's the
reason why they were on stage together
to present the award for Best Supporting
Actor in a miniseries and the country
star didn't say anything about Trump but
Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin did so let me
tell you what the statements were so
Jane Fonda said the following in that
movie referring to 9:00 to 5:00 we
refused to be controlled by a sexist
egotistical lying hypocritical bigot
then Lily Tomlin said and in 2017 we
still refuse to be controlled by a
sexist egotistical lying hypocritical
bigot now Dolly Parton didn't say
anything about that she didn't say
anything about Trump but just the mere
fact that she was there sandwiched
between these liberal women really upset
and hurt the feelings of Trump
supporters so let me give you a few
examples one commenter on Lilly part
ugly part Dolly Parton's Facebook page
said that he or she was saddened that
you would stand with these idiots and
bash our POTUS another person said you
just threw so many of your fans under
the bus and another commenter said you
stood up there while those two ran their
mouths you are just as bad she didn't
say anything about Trump she just stood
there as you know these actresses made
their comments and like who's the
snowflake now like really who's the
snowflake look really no one's allowed
to criticize Trump you're getting no
one's allowed to be in the same room as
individuals who criticize Trump because
if they are in that same room guilt by
association yeah that I couldn't agree
more man come on man and look there
first of all they're from a movie which
is all about fighting against this
chauvinist boss okay that that's that's
part of the movie their boss is this
a-hole chauvinist and a Mickey Tex
chauvinism to these movie extremes so
the joke is on point that way and you've
got a guy like him or don't the
president united states is clearly a
chauvinist as well frankly he falls kind
of into the same kind
Gouri as the character from their movie
so it's sort of a clean joke you may not
like it you may not think the politics
belongs in the Emmys but this just in
politics has always been in these awards
shows I have no issue with it I mean I
think and and the idea that Dolly Parton
who yeah she just happened to be she
knew what was going down she know what
they were gonna do but that she should
be tarred in the same way is is odd to
me as Anna says it kind of reflects how
thin-skinned GOP supporters can be I
mean it's they can't handle anyone
criticizing Trump like think about that
first it hurts their feelings too much
to the point where they will take time
out of their day to write nasty comments
towards someone who just happened to be
in the same in the presence of other
people criticizing Trump like if that's
not snowflake 101 I don't know what is
by the way speaking of snowflakes
Kellyanne Conway didn't like how
politicized the Emmys were here she is
talking about just that your takeaway
yesterday from the three-hour celebrity
I don't know political rally it did feel
that way I guess it's sort of the same
it's the same 'no sit sits they get they
got plucked and polished and waxed and
some of them didn't eat for two months
and all for what to sound the same and
there they have a right to speak but if
you're tuning in to watch if you're
American you're tuning in to watch your
favorite actors and actresses and shows
and I used to do it routinely as a kid
who's going to win and and oh she lost
and I love her show more there is very
little of that it's between the Emmys
the Miss America pageant was very
politicized
our sports are very politicized and it
looks like the ratings are suffering it
looks like America is responding by
tuning out because they want you to
stick to your knitting they want you to
I guess in this case read the stuff
other people write for you she couldn't
be more there there's several things
going on here a first time you address
the ratings because I also saw Frank
Luntz posted something about how the
ratings are way down
when will liberals understand that
they're going to alienate half the
country with all the politics and the
Emmys the ratings were down on the Emmys
and by the way when you say down there
were the same
last year just in the target demo it was
they were down like 10% I think because
a football game was on that was a
marquee football game and football ranks
at the top of television viewing every
week it ranks at the top of television
you look at the top five shows they're
all football
so put a marquee football game in
primetime up against the enemies that's
gonna siphon off a bunch of audience
number two again on the same point
politics is actually driving the success
of Stephen Colbert in late-night before
Trump came in Colbert was languishing
now he's winning so I don't buy the idea
that no one's watching and the numbers
are down and Hollywood one of they gonna
get it bullshit people are concerned
about that everybody's become a
political activist people who had never
voted before all of a sudden leaning
forward in their chairs to find out what
was gonna have so I hate this idea that
hey whether the Liberals gonna learn
politics has no view no place at these
awards show and then last thing and I'll
shut up I also object to the idea that
actors can't have opinions on politics
why not you have to be a pundit on Fox
News you have to be a former appliance
salesman who looks good and then can
speak halfway decently you get a weekend
show and then you get a mainstream show
on Fox News fuck that
cuz they are well some of them very
well-informed people on a number of
different subjects and if this is their
forum and this is their opportunity I
don't mind hearing what they have to say
right exactly and and it's their right
to say what they want to say and and
look they love talking about the ratings
and it's hilarious because I would love
to hear Kellyanne Conway talk about
Trump's ratings and I'm specifically
talking about his approval ratings they
are not good
Rasmussen which leans a little more
conservative has the highest approval
rating for Trump at 44% but if you look
at Gallup it's 38% I'm talking about
today that's what his rating uh is today
and that is not looking good for him he
came into office with incredibly low
approval ratings and so I mean look
there are people as you mentioned who
were
never inclined to be political getting
involved and feeling you know inspired
to you know make a change and and you're
seeing it in social media people on my
Facebook feed that had never been
political before are now getting
involved because they see that right now
is a very fragile and vulnerable time in
America and so if you have people in
Hollywood or celebrities who wanted to
make a statement or make a stand awesome
there I don't think there's anything
wrong with it in fact even if there were
a couple of people who wanted to say
something supportive of Trump I'm not
gonna sit here and be like oh why don't
you just stick to acting cuz I don't
like what you have to say no they they
get the right to say what they want to
say and if this is their platform then
so be it I think and I default to the
first thing Anna said which is so well
put snowflake 101 hey it was two jokes
get over it already
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
