yesterday on the show we told you about
how Harvard has rescinded Chelsea
Manning's visiting fellowship and they
still have Sean Spicer and Corey
Lewandowski and Robby Mook and all these
other characters who are gonna be
visiting fellows at Harvard this year
and the reason they rescinded it is
because the CIA didn't want Harvard to
give Chelsea Manning any kind of honor
and they mentioned that that is so
horrific to bow your head to the CIA
says that basically you think that
whatever the CIA says is is what Harvard
should do I mean I guess I'm still
dumbfounded by it I guess if you think
CIA propaganda should rule Harvard
instead of Veritas that's fine anyway I
want to give you guys an update today
because it's really important so
yesterday on the show we asked you guys
to sign a petition TYT Network comm
slash Harvard to say that you will not
support or go to or participate with
Harvard in any way shape or form unless
they reverse this decision and I'm here
to tell you it's already working so I
just got a whole heap of emails
forwarded to me because what we did was
we asked you if you're gonna send a note
to Harvard CC us on it feedback at TYT
Network comm so so far people saying
that they're solicited by Harvard will
not be attending I love my saying that
they got they will no longer be giving
any financial support to Harvard that
was great to see because the reality is
that's what they care the most about so
now that their pocketbooks been touched
a little bit they might say well wait a
minute I didn't know that we had alumni
who actually cared that that we actually
have a commitment to Veritas than the
truth and that we have a commitment to
standing up for the little person and
just and to stand up for truth to power
so yes some of your alumni do not like
you caving in to to the powerful into
the establishment into the CIA so and to
take your marching orders from the CIA
it seems like should be antithetical to
a institution of higher learning like
Harvard and then others saying that they
send them email
and I saw the emails because we were CCD
on and saying that they were gonna have
their kids or grandkids apply but they
won't do that anymore instead what
they're gonna do is encourage them know
these great students to apply to other
Ivy League schools so keep it going
we'll put those links down below so the
petition and you don't have to have any
affiliation with Harvard to sign the
petition
that's CY tea network.com / Harvard okay
everybody voiced your opinion on that
and if you were gonna speak at Harvard
you were thinking of going to Harvard
you are gonna have a family member when
Harvard you're an alumni they're asking
you for money that's the most important
stuff and I'm not here telling you okay
here's the emails to send it to I know
that would be easier but whoever you
think's the right person to offer Doug
Elmendorf made the decision he's the
Dean that made the decision you could
send it to him you can send it to the
University overall you can send it to
the overall Dean you can send it to
admissions what whatever is applicable
to you okay but if you do send it like I
said see see us feedback at TYT Network
comm so that we know you're doing it so
that's exactly why I'm moving this video
because you guys are amazing and I think
that they're about to take note so way
to stick up for a true patriotic
American like Chelsea Manning and
together you'd be surprised at what we
can do so let's keep it going
thank you guys
