you know they used to have terror they
had terrorism for the IRA in the UK
right so that now how did they solve
that did they kill all of them they
tried for a while Jimmy you know what it
turned out that that didn't work I
didn't work they couldn't no of them no
they couldn't and in fact you know that
in the height of the IRA terrorism in
the 1970s they had five times as much
terrorism in Europe as they do today and
but I know why it's because the Irish
are that they're Muslims that's exactly
it the Irish by their very nature are
irredeemable and it is their text and it
is their religion or canon law and there
can't and there's Sharia law there canon
law and you cannot help the Irish that's
why they did so much more terrorism than
Muslim radicals do today it is in their
nature oh shit it wasn't that wasn't
true it turns out you can do smart
things to stop terrorism and what did we
do
we did a peace feel we did a peace deal
nobody ever learns okay Jimmy Carter is
derided by all of the establishment I
saw that loser president couldn't get
anything done who's the only person
who's ever actually gotten peace in the
Middle East which we hear is impossible
Jimmy Carter he did a peace deal with
Israel and their worst enemy Egypt that
was their biggest and most deadly enemy
you know how much Egypt in Israel is has
fought since then zero nothing they have
not fought at all because Jimmy Carter
actually was smart cared got us a peace
deal peace deals work but they're not
just stupid on TV they're paid to be
stupid help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
