Congress just passed a bill urging
President Trump to denounce white
supremacy after charlottesville so
according to reports from BuzzFeed the
resolution which rejects white
nationalist white supremacist the Ku
Klux Klan neo-nazis and other hate
groups urges Trump and his cabinet to
use all available resources to address
the threats posed by those groups it
also calls on the president and his
administration to quote speak out
against hate groups that espouse racism
extremism xenophobia anti-semitism and
white supremacy it also includes
specific language about Heather hire as
well as the two police officers who were
killed in the helicopter accident in
response when they were responding to
the violence in Charlottesville
Tuesday mark warner upon passing it
tweeted out among others he tweeting
about it he said tonight the House
passed my resolution condemning hate
groups and the Charlottesville attack
POTUS should send a clear message and
sign it ASAP Sarah Huckabee Sanders on
Wednesday which is today did say that
the president looks forward to signing
it and absolutely will however this is
the same president who said that there
were you know what is it the exact quote
is hatred bigotry and violence on many
sides on many sides on many sites that's
what he said yes I'm glad that he's
gonna sign it and you know it was a
curious strategy by Congress to do this
I mean on one hand it's basically
Congress saying we do not support any of
the you know white supremacist stuff
that's popping up all over the place
right now we condemn it we do not
condone it but I wonder if they were
thinking maybe there's a possibility
that Trump won't sign it and it'll kind
of throw him in the middle of this
terrible controversy again and maybe
he'll lose a little more political
capital although I feel like the more
terrible racist stuff that goes on in
the country the more his like core base
not all of his supporters but his core
base seems to continue making excuses
for him and they back him even more
right wait it's a remarkable for
Congress as a whole to outflank the
press anyone on what seems on at least
face to seat to be a morally good thing
to do because Congress yes the president
always said in Congress people he has
they have a lower approval rating than
me for them to just say and then there's
another part of it that's them just
saying okay here's how to president when
things like this happen
say what you will negatively about
Congress Congress people but this is the
kind of thing they at least know how to
do to during a tough time kind of signal
to everyone we want us all to come
together over this do you guys remember
what controversies were like during the
Obama administration do you remember
when he like wore a tan suit once and
everyone made a big deal about that like
can we go back to those days John
mustard on a hot dog that scandal dude I
can't like blows my mind like those were
scandals back in the day it was a
highway to Sean mustards delicious and
should be placed on a hot call it deli
mustard secret tennis - it sounds too
foreign for dessert yeah oh yeah the
between two ferns being at Obama did I
watch this random I went to old archives
FoxNews they at one point they said how
unpresidential of him to do a comedy
skit to try and push out air I think
this is unpresidential yeah to try and
have like some kind of fit anyway um get
people to sign up for over for health
care he was trying to tell them how to
do it he's tricking them that's tricky
um I'm a Jimmy Dore this real fast um so
so is this officially a bill as this a
lot have to do something there was the
longest of things that's supposed to do
with this thing that Trump is supposed
to sign about white supremacy and in
monitor this and do that right I don't
know if we can go through those things
again I hope that's still readily
available I just want to see a few of
them he they reject white nationalists
white supremacists the Ku Klux Klan etc
and it urges Trump and his cabinet urges
so it urges a fish an official urge an
official urge to the Trump cabinet to
use all available resources and address
to address the threats posed by those
groups yeah what does it mean exactly so
are they are
going to finally empower the Department
of Homeland Security to have a team that
specifically focuses on right-wing non
Muslim extremism in the country by the
way that's not to say don't focus on
Muslim extremism we are focusing on that
we should but there's also white
right-wing extremism in the country
which has been evidenced by you know
various events that have transpired over
the last year can we finally have like a
government organization allocating
resources to investigating that well
that would be set up by Congress this
urges ostensibly things within the
cabinet so it is a great at saying okay
cool why don't you need to do this we
urge you so it's an official urge urging
you don't want to know what it feels
like to have Congress urge you and then
it continues an official calling on the
President to speak out so he got called
on and I don't know if anyone went to
elementary school but when you get
called on by the teacher that's serious
no crazy that we need Congress to so
they're urging him to sign this thing
that they asked him to maybe do
something like change his tone and call
out white supremists or or just hate
groups in our country in general so this
is nothing it's a whole bunch of nothing
so it's a policy to cover for his ass so
like our president sign is think so he
now officially denounces white
supremacist because they couldn't get
him to do it on his own so it's them
saying okay so in the history of things
ten years down the road we can say oh
you remember President Trump
sign to this decree that he's supposed
to not like white supremacists anymore
after he said how much he loves him this
all this is a little bit of cover so
they can say he did something right when
honestly how is he gonna turn down and
what's he really gonna do nothing well
he's gonna sign the bill on many sides
the front and then he's gonna turn it
over and sign on the other of the many
sides of I had Mohnish meant an
important final part of this whole thing
that he does what is that when he shows
his signature oh he goes well I don't
want people to know how I signed myself
I'm about to get that iPhone 10 and I
don't want it to be give away my face or
my signature but it's it's so Donald
Trump
road name good my name okay by the way
just to answer my own question that I
posed about the Department of Homeland
Security the legislation does urge jeff
Sessions and the Department of Homeland
Security to allocate resources to
investigate right-wing extremism in the
US so they're just but it's non-binding
so just keep that in mind sue that's
free for Jeff Sessions because he knows
where they are support independent media
come join us at the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
