so what is equal citizens so equal
citizens grew out of the campaign
because what the campaign taught me is
as much as money in politics is a
corrupting influence in our system it
really stands for a more fundamental
problem which is we are not equal
citizens in a thousand ways this system
renders us unequal so money in politics
is an example gerrymandering is another
example the way voters votes get
suppressed as a third example but the
one that became most striking at the end
of that election was the way we elect
our president we do not have equal votes
in the way we elect our president the
vote of a Republican in a state like
California are worth zero in the
presidential election system or a vote
of a Democrat in Montana worth zero
because of the way we've allowed the
states to construct the electoral
college and so what equal citizens is
trying to do is to rally people to this
fundamental recognition that the one
equality the framers of our constitution
thought they gave us the idea of equal
political equality we have lost and we
have to fight for that equality in every
sphere where it's important and we're
going to start in the context of the
presidential election did the DNC you
rigged the primaries so rigged is an
interesting word and it has several
different connotations so I think that
it needlessly confuses the topic but so
because some people assume it means you
changed votes like people actually voted
for Bernie but they change the vote so
Hillary won I don't think that's what it
means I think it means changing the
rules in the way that they did with you
to make sure they got the desired result
so in that sense is that what they did
with you and changing the debate rules
rigging the primary yeah I mean plainly
and you know a lot of people it turns
out that the FEC has rules about this
and the rule is you're not allowed to
change the rules and the FEC has a
specific regulation that bans what they
did so a lot of people return to push me
after the campaign was over just bring a
lawsuit to make this absolutely clear
and you know at that point I was like
you know there's no there's no return
from this but it is it was plainly what
that was and
and it really you know hurts not because
it hurt me but it hurts because I really
think the Democratic Party would have
been a stronger party you know Hillary
Clinton and said look I promise you if
you give me a Democratic Congress in the
first hundred days we will radically
change the way money affects politics in
Washington we will have public funding
of Elections we will have an amendment
to repeal Citizens United out the door
give me a Republican Congress and we'll
get that and then it wouldn't it would
have been not just those people who
wanted to see Hillary Clinton elected it
would about their fighting to make sure
she was elected and all those other
people who are so frustrated including
Republicans there was an amazing study
done at the University of Maryland in
the middle of the last election July of
2016 where they surveyed people about
attitudes it was a huge service like
3,000 people surveyed and what they
found was on these issues America has
never been more angry never been more
passionate and there is no difference
between right wing and left wing on
these issues
you take month does money do
corporations have too much power in the
political system 91 percent of
Republican of Democrats 90 percent of
Republicans on every one of these issues
about how this system has corrupted
representativeness there is no
difference between Republicans and
Democrats and this is the great
opportunity that we just left on the
table somehow our candidate became
associated with the idea of the status
quo and that candidate Donald Trump
became associated with the idea of
ending the influence of big money in
Washington but of course that was a
complete lie and of the fact that she
allowed that to be the framing is the
most frustrating thing about that
election
