the family of an 8 year old who was
allegedly lynched by white teenagers
have released images of the eight year
old now his identity is protected so we
are not going to share his identity but
we are going to show you the photo of
the injuries that he sustained as a
result of these teenagers putting a
noose around his neck and pushing him
off a table it is a graphic image I want
to warn you guys before I show you let's
take a quick look ok he survived they
hung him but he didn't die you didn't
die yes luckily he survived but he had
to be airlifted to a hospital to undergo
an immediate emergency procedure to
ensure that he wouldn't die now
according to the victims grandmother he
was playing with a group of children and
teens when they began to taunt him with
racist epithets and throw sticks and
rocks at him and I want to note that
there were no adults present we have no
adult witnesses we just have the account
of this eight-year-old someone stood on
a picnic table and the group wrapped a
rope around a nearby tire swing around
the boys throat then kicked him off the
table the victim swung back and forth
three times before he was able to free
himself none of the teens came to his
aid
so I mean I don't know what to say thank
you a devastating story and then you
know we have a statement from the police
chief which which makes it way way worse
ok I read the headline of this story and
I thought well look wait a minute now
his injury looks terrible but we need
more context here
what was it friends and they were
goofing around I remember there was a
rope and a near lake by our house and
who knows maybe goofing around you do
you get caught in the wrong way right
are they friends are they not friends
and then how do the authorities react
are they do they take you seriously did
they not take it seriously we'll get to
that in a second and when you hear the
details no it's worse than I imagined so
look kids have complicated relationships
I remember I used to get into fights
with some older kids in the neighborhood
and then we'd coexist
we'd be on the bus and even sometimes
might have not I'm sorry I'm sorry for
interrupting you okay no I don't care
what excuse anyone makes and I know
you're not trying to make an excuse I
know I just interrupted you in the
middle of your thought but I just have
to get this out these are teenagers 14
and older we don't know their identities
because they're minors and the police do
not release the identities of minors who
are involved in an alleged crime but a
teenager knows that you don't put a
noose around anyone's neck and then push
them off the table okay that is
attempted murder that is not what you do
and they didn't come to his aid he could
have easily died they were throwing
racial epithets in his direction in his
way prior to putting that noose around
like they know what a noose means they
know what that rope meant I'm not making
any excuses for them I'm not buying into
anyone's excuses this is an eight year
old biracial child okay okay so let me
go to the police chief's quote on it and
then I'll finish my thought
mark chase Clermont police chief said
these people need to be protected not
the kid who was hung he's referring to
the kids who hung him he said mistakes
they make as a young child should not
have to follow them for the rest of
their life okay so now I set all that up
in terms of how it could have gone but
it didn't go that way this case is
absolutely clear Ana's right so look we
don't need to make it personal and in
order for I hope in order for you to
empathize but I'm going to because it
affects me I have a seven-year-old
biracial son now he happens to be half
Chinese but you know the Steve banners
of the world don't like Chinese people
either furthermore it's much worse than
that this in New Hampshire I've got a
godson who's black who lives in New
Hampshire who was right around this age
some 14 year-olds who don't know him
hang him from a tree and don't help him
goddamn right that's attempted murder
look if we don't have justice in this
country it's gonna get to a really bad
place where vigilante justice begins and
we don't want that we don't want that
under any circumstance but you start
hanging our kids and then the cop then
the cop says we got to protect the kids
who did the hanging are you insane are
you insane now look if you say hey look
man come on have some empathy for the 14
year olds don't know what they're doing
and they're minors and that's why we
have the rules about minors don't get
tried as adults
then under no circumstances should
another black kid in America ever ever
be tried as an adult we can't have two
different systems of justice where you
say no if it's a black kid it's a super
predator let's go throw the book at him
I don't care if he's 14 or 13 or 12
let's try them as an adult and let's put
them in prison forever but if it's a
young white kid in the middle of New
Hampshire any hug and three of them hang
a black kid and then leave them to die
and then leave them to die and then I
call poor innocent little mistake
now people make mistakes when they're 14
not like that and you say under no
circumstances am I gonna try white kids
as adults well then don't try anybody as
adults if they're under 18 but you gotta
have the same thing if you don't if you
stop if you don't stop prosecuting black
kids as adults and you let them get away
with this no no no no deal
no deal no deal attempted murder because
that's what it was
try them as adults or never try anyone
in the country again as an adult if
they're under 18 support independent
media come join us at the Young Turks
TYT Network calm /join
