Steve Bannon on 60 minutes I had a lot
to say about different things involving
the trumpet organization and
administration first he talks about
immigration and daca here let's hear him
out there's no path to citizenship no
path to a green card and no amnesty
amnesty is non-negotiable America was in
the eyes of so many people and it's what
people respect America for it is people
been able to come here find a place
contribute to the economy that's what
immigration has been in America and you
seem to want to turn it around you can
stop it he could be more dead wrong
America was built on her citizens we're
all immigrants America was built don't
give me this is the thing of the leftist
sister Charlie that's beneath you
America is built on her system on our
citizens look at the 19th century what
built America is called the American
system from Hamilton to Polk to Henry
Clay to Lincoln to the Roosevelts a
system of protection of our
manufacturing financial system that
lends to manufacturers ok in a control
of our borders economic nationalism is
what this country was built on the
American system right we go back to that
we look after our own we look after our
citizen we look out for a manufacturing
base and guess what this country is
gonna be greater more United more
powerful than it's ever been
ok this is preposterous I love that
little aside come on you're better than
this is beneath you
no it's not he's having a perfectly
rational conversation and the reality is
you're the one going on the bottle on
the barrel so let me explain
so Stevens like oh no no America was
built on our citizens it sounds like a
nice sentence and if you're a trump
supporter or not that bright you go oh
yeah obviously citizens though to make
the country who else would make it okay
well let's just fill that out the
original pilgrims that came here they
were not citizens America didn't even
exist they were actually the original
undocumented immigrants you want her
about an illegal alien Christopher
Columbus was the original illegal alien
uh so I guess oh I guess the man saying
Christopher Columbus's was shouldn't
have been here didn't contribute to
America the pilgrims the Puritans all
those people and by the way the founding
fathers by definition were not citizens
America bells are the citizens it's just
not true let alone all those wave of
immigrants the Irish the Italians the
Jews and the Germans all of those let
alone the Latinos the Chinese etc did
they originally come as non-citizens of
course that's the whole point Ellis
Island it's Senate a campus non-citizens
they eventually it became citizens and
weren't enormous part of building
America it's just a cutesy line he
throws out there so the Trump guys go
yeah well obviously over the buildin and
I'm not even talking about the slaves
that literally built this country and
the South who were clearly not citizens
and we can go on all day long and the
history of this country is people come
here may eventually become citizens and
together we built this country through
those different stages so were their
citizens who are also an integral part
of building in America of course of
course there were there was also
non-citizens and immigrants of all
stripes and varieties and so what Steve
Anna wants to do is he wants to trick
you into thinking no no it's our guys
who built it and when he says citizens
it's barely veiled language in today we
see immigrants because of some of the
demagoguery of Steve Bannon and Donald
Trump as Latinos and Muslims etcetera
that are coming into the country but of
course immigrants like I said we're also
Italians Irish and all the other
categories so no he's he's trying to get
you all riled up that no white people
built this country and that's the
nationalism that he's talking about
and it isn't remotely true of course why
people had a huge part to play but all
the different races and all the
different varieties of immigrants helped
build this country all the way to the
present moment if they had said enough
that's it only the citizens that are
here or the ones that get to stay and
build this country you would have kept
out people like Steve Jobs dad who came
from Syria
you woulda had Apple he would have kept
out a great number of the CEOs in
Silicon Valley which is a growth engine
for this country and a part of the
reason why our economy is still in good
shape it you would have done what every
single empire that went into decline did
the great mistake that they all made
which is turn inwards don't worry about
the rest of the world don't make sin
don't have an exchange of ideas people
and and trade all of those mixing
actually Lisa better is those part of
the reason why America is number one is
because we accepted people from all over
the world and a bottom line was do you
believe in the American Dream are you
willing to work hard to get to it and if
you are you're welcome and that is the
American idea and that's the American
idea that the nationalist like Steve
Bannon don't like don't believe in and
that is why they're opposed to the
American idea they view things in terms
of race and not in terms of the American
idea that we all love and that built
this country if you like this clip of
The Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
