Hilary Clinton thought she made another
mistake in the 2016 election she says
she shouldn't have said the thing about
coal miners even though he was totally
taken out of context and twisted by
Trump she blames Obama for okay now
another mistake is she says that she
shouldn't have said the thing about the
basket of deplorable all right let's go
to a video explaining this you could put
half of Trump supporters into what I
call the basket of deplorable why do you
think that word deplorable had been
circulating in your mind well I thought
Trump was behaving in a deplorable
manner I thought a lot of his appeals to
voters were deplorable
I thought his behavior as we saw on the
Access Hollywood tape was deplorable and
there were a large number of people who
didn't care it did not matter to them
and he turned out to be a very effective
reality TV star when you said basket of
deplorable zyou energized no but they
were already energized like you offended
some people who who didn't personally
well deploy well I don't I don't buy
that I don't buy that I'm sorry I gave
him a political gift of any kind it was
again but I don't think that was
determinative okay so first of all in
this clip from CBS Sunday morning I
object to Jane Pauley's description of
and framing of this more than I do
Hillary Clinton's now you offended the
right-wingers come on man
but that's how people watching a New
York thing if you just appease the right
way enough they'll vote for Democrats no
they won't
no they won't they were already
energized Hillary Clinton is right about
that
and so the guys who are in the basket
and are half of his supporters
deplorable goddamn right they are half
of them I actually care hey my god my
wages haven't gone up the establishment
is screwing me they are correct in
assessing that I don't think Hillary
Clinton thinks that I think that but the
other half are racist sexist misogynist
etc you name it bigoted hate Muslims
hate Latinos don't particularly like
blacks that is true you think those guys
are like duh
heaven forfend I am offended that you
called me
horrible I will now vote for Donald
Trump before I wasn't going to that's
because they're already deplorable
so God groups think the conventional
wisdom in in these power circles drive
me nuts
and that is why Democrats lose election
no no you have to kiss their deplorable
ass in order to win it's in the hopes
that racists will vote for a Democrat
know what you have to do is energize
your own base and look the only part I
disagree with Hillary Clinton in that
clip is at the end when she says I gave
him a political gift I don't think it
was a political gift at all in fact here
I want to ask you guys about it we're
doing a poll was calling half a Trump
supporters a basket of deplorable is a
political mistake now if you took this
poll in Washington it'd be 99 to 1 or a
hundred to nothing they say it was a
mistake curious what you guys think tea
white tea network.com / deplorable 'z I
think the mistake was not not that she
said that but that she didn't
she should have aggressively backed that
up and energized their own folks to show
up to vote so I think her conceding that
it was a political mistake is wrong as
well but I think that next clip is more
important what did you do wrong she
talks to Jane Pauley about that as well
I understood that there were many
Americans who because of the financial
crash there was anger and there was
resentment I knew that but I believed
that it was my responsibility to try to
offer answers to it not to fan it I
think Jane that it was a mistake because
a lot of people didn't want to hear my
plans they wanted me to share their
anger and I should have done a better
job of demonstrating I get it no no you
don't get it at all so that it okay let
me explain why that answer is deeply
depressing it's not that people were
angry and they wanted you to show that
you understood their anger they wanted
you to actually understand their anger
your problem wasn't that you were an
insufficient actor
that you did not act the role well
enough and that's apparently what the
conclusion she came away with it is that
you did not understand the source of
their anger and share at least that
frustration so I understand the source
of their anger their wages are
incredibly depressed their productivity
for the American worker has gone up
consistently throughout the last hundred
years and but wages started flatlining
in 1980
difference between wages and
productivity since 1980 has been 12
trillion dollars in lost wages that got
redistributed to the top that should
have gone to the American worker should
you be angry about that goddamn right
you should be angry now Hillary Clinton
would never say that because she's not
actually angry about it and she thinks
no no my job is to not fan those flames
just hey everybody cool it calm down now
in the internal conversations I had with
Wall Street bankers which were now
leaked and we know what she said she
told them now I I know you're not
responsible for the crash in 2008 and if
I'm president I need you smart people to
tell me how to run the economy oh my god
that's why you lost it's not that you
didn't go out there and demagogue it's
that you didn't understand the
frustration and the root of it in the
first place you thought Wall Street
still has the answers
people didn't misjudge you unfortunately
they judged you accurately now Trump was
a monster and that's why I thought you
should vote for Hillary Clinton instead
of Donald Trump because just because
Hillary couldn't is wrong about all that
stuff doesn't mean you should go with
the greater of the evils and boy that
greater of the evils is now plagues us
all but it doesn't make Hillary Clinton
a saint either it doesn't make her
campaign right her campaign never
understood and connected with the
American people because they didn't
share their experience so they ran in
the Democratic Party Iran a deeply
establishment candidate which is what
Hillary Clinton is in a populist time
and she lost her populist demagogue not
because the demagogue was right about
his
ideas for how to fix the system he's
horribly wrong but because you didn't
even realize we need to fix the system
and the American people are sick of this
system and they are right and as so why
are we continue to hash this out partly
because she made it she has a new book
she's got to blame everybody else and
she's got to make more money and so
that's why she's back in the news but
the other reason for hashing it out is
because for God's sake don't make the
same mistake not Hillary Clinton but the
Democratic Party if you run another
establishment candidate who thinks oh I
know how to win who cares why the
American people are angry of course
they're wrong those loser populist
they're wrong they don't understand
anything
they lalit know what's good for them but
I'll pretend to be angry Oh for Christ's
sake then you're gonna lose again
for God's sake learn the right lessons
if you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
