there was a discussion on Fox and
Friends so brace for impact and they're
going to be talking to Ryan Zinke who is
now the interior secretary and I'm gonna
talk to him about the monuments they
were talking about 9/11 the monuments
came up now it makes sense because
they're referencing a memorial built to
airline passengers who took down the
last plane
United 93 was headed towards Washington
we believe in the the people on board
there were absolute heroes and they took
down the plane and and costing them
their their own lives but at least save
the lives of so many others and there's
a memorial built to them flight 93
National Memorial but Ducey's gonna ask
something that makes no sense at all
let's watch it and then I'll break it
down portion the monument but really a
reflecting on how great this country is
the sacrifices we've made and and also
talking about the change that 9/11
brought to all Americans do you worry a
hundred years from now someone's gonna
try to take that memorial down like
they're trying to remake up memorials
today well I'm one that believes that
you know we should learn from history
and I think our monuments are part of
our country's history we can learn from
it since we don't put up statues of
Jesus
everyone's gonna fall morally short and
I think reflecting on our history both
good and bad is a powerful statement and
part of our DNA so first of all I says
do see sorry I met Brian Kilmeade
so look let's break this down and I know
it's hard to believe but it's not
personal okay kill me seems like a good
guy
he's just is such a bad point to make
such a terrible point to make so the
monuments that you're talking about in
the South that people took down or want
to take down now or by people who
attacked America its literal and if you
don't know this you should actually read
your history the Civil War cost so many
more American lives than 9/11 it now
9/11 is deeply tragic and this is the
16th anniversary of it and we all know
plenty of people or a lot of us know
plenty of people who were in New York
that day and one of the guys
found on The Young Turks with me was
covered in all that debris when when he
was near the crash site so we don't have
to get into all that we don't have to
compare notes on that but the
confederacy also attacked america and
they also lost so it's if you built a
monument to the Union that won the Civil
War if you built a monument to for
example Abraham Lincoln which I'm pretty
sure we did build a monument to in the
middle of Washington that makes a lot of
sense because they saved the Union they
fought for America they saved America
same with the guys on United 93 they
fought for us at great personal
sacrifice and saved a lot of lives but
if you build a monument to the people
who attacked America that includes the
Confederate generals and the Confederate
leaders it's like building a monument to
the people who attacked America on 9/11
could you imagine if we built a monument
to Muhammad Atta would I want that one
torn down you're goddamn right I would
so if you're gonna make an analogy try
to use a tiny bit of logic to go along
with it
I know for Republicans that is really
hard to do and Kilmeade is not alone
Governor LePage up in Maine also said
and to me talking about taking down the
monuments it's just like going to New
York City right now and taking down the
monument of those who perished in 9/11
it will come to that no it will not come
to that because that makes no sense at
all they were on our side the people we
put up the my name is for in 9/11 they
are the heroes in on United 93 that we
lost they are the victims that we lost
in New York and Washington those are the
ones we built monuments to Americans we
don't build monuments to people who
betray America commit treason against
America who go to war against America
and who lose that war we and if we do do
that that's a mistake we need to move
those to a museum or to a graveyard or
wherever they belong but they do not
belong in front of courthouses estate
grounds or anywhere else where Americans
use their government and have their
public spaces those people betrayed them
Erica and they are nothing to celebrate
if you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
