I watched football over the weekend and
I'm here to give you my professional
opinion on it
all right fine I'd merely do politics
but you know we cover sports ah and and
I cover football on TYT sports and you
know what we do we cover other things
like reviews on what the flake etc so
having watched almost all the games on
Sunday and I think anyone who did will
agree with me that the NFL needs Colin
Kaepernick did you see the quarterbacks
out there they are in miserable shape
Colin Kaepernick is not the savior of
the quarterback position and yes he led
the team to the Super Bowl yes he
struggled after that is he among the top
32 quarterbacks
did you watch those games of course he
is now that's the first question that's
whether he's a starter is he among the
top ninety-six quarterbacks where you
make a NFL team of course you're telling
me you got to go three layers deep with
those sumbitches before you get the
Colin Kaepernick you can't eat meat he's
fourth string on some of these teams no
way no way then we're not watching the
same games so look I know San
Francisco's unique situation because at
least they offered him a contract like
one of the teams that needs a
quarterback is San Francisco I would
argue even Arizona needs a quarterback
Carson Palmer's a disaster they're not
winning with Carson Palmer okay let
alone the actual crappy quarterbacks so
here's so that's the football part of it
the political part of it is a conclusion
that is inescapable after watching a
weekend of football which is that the
NFL owners whether it is their intent or
not I don't know or care what's in their
quote unquote heart as phrase that's a
little repulsive and meaningless their
actions are clearly racist okay go ahead
conserve as your heads explode oh you're
not allowed to use that word I'm a
snowflake it'll make me melt okay then
go ahead and melt and if you're an NFL
owner you go ahead and get triggered by
that too but we've all seen Colin
Kaepernick play and you know
if you're a football fan that it is the
most preposterous statement you've ever
heard that he's not among the top
ninety-six quarterbacks in the league so
why is he not in the league
oh well go some of the fans might be
offended by what he does but a lot of
the fans are offended that he's not in
the league well I don't care about those
fans I care about the racist fans now
why is it racial oh it's about the
troops it's not about the troops he said
he's taking it me and a lot of the NFL
is now taking Annie to protest the
disparate provable statistically
significant racial disparity and how
police treat minorities in this country
you say well I don't want to hear that I
like the current state of racism that we
have and if Kaepernick dares to exercise
freedom of speech will ban it from the
league even though on football grounds
it makes no goddamn sense at all so just
own it just understand what you're doing
those incredibly wealthy almost all of
them incredibly conservative right-wing
billionaire NFL owners are basically
raising their hand and going yes I'm a
racist
Kaepernick makes me uncomfortable by
pointing out the situation in America
despite defected a lot of our football
teams need a better quarterback we're
not going to go to them because we are
racist and we're on racial grounds we
don't want a quarterback who makes us
feel uncomfortable by pointing out the
realities of America one one day I
guarantee it that it's not going to be
just the left or the independence the
whole country will consider Colin
Kaepernick an American Hero
for risking his career to make political
standing as we did with Tommie Smith and
others in 1968 as we did with Muhammad
Ali as we have done over and over again
but for the moment being the 32 racist
owners of the NFL are keeping a guy
who's clearly qualified to me an NFL not
an NFL because of racial issues you go
watch those games and tell me that oh no
no they got it those 96 quarterbacks are
awesome and they don't need Kaepernick
who led a team to the Super Bowl and if
his coach let him run a little bit more
might have won that Super Bowl you're
nuts if you believe that you're not a
real NFL
you're using politics to make decisions
about football you know that if you only
made decisions based on football
Kaepernick would definitely be in the
league you can have an argument about
whether he would start you would lose
that argument too but you can have that
argument you cannot make the argument
that he's not a worthy of being in the
NFL based on his talents so I'm just
sickened as a football fan and an
American help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
