Hurricane Florence has hit the Carolinas
in the current death toll since it's 17
in North Carolina and six in South
Carolina and while low-income areas are
experiencing the worst impact this one
brave local news reporter put on our
fancy rain boots and went down to harass
the victims you can see here people
coming out with items left and right
looting the family dollar here on
Greenfield Street what is this wine mom
doing let him survive lady now noticing
that we're here running away from the
camera you can see people inside here
people with t-shirts over their heads
imagine going to an affected area and
watching people trying to find food
supplies since who knows how long it'll
take for basic services to be restored
and thinking got you you criminals how
dare you try to survive and then this
video got 15 million views in two
hundred and twenty eight thousand shares
since Saturday because it plays into
that same old narrative that black
people loot versus white people find or
survive hey guys you know you're looting
right you know you're stealing you know
that you're looting and that's illegal I
can't think of anything that says I
don't regard you as a human being more
than snitching on hurricane victims who
have no idea when services in the area
will be restored who most likely don't
have enough money to stock up on basic
necessities like food water and toilet
paper how do you have a barbecue Becky
moment in a friggin hurricane looks like
the police are here now people wearing
Halloween masks looting the Family
Dollar why people are so concerned with
black people surviving that they'll call
the cops on them during recovery efforts
and of course that brave boys in blue
responded swiftly to deliver justice
even though the owners of the Family
Dollar asked them not to intervene which
the Wilmington Police Department was
noticeably upset about like they
literally tweeted out unfortunately
unfortunately what and then they still
decided to arrest some of the looters
and charge them to the fullest extent of
the law despite the owner telling them
over and over again not to thank God for
cops how else would we survive a storm
without them but I just can't get over
this lady trying to pull off a citizen's
arrest just first thing at the seams
with excitement that she found the
people looting in Wilmington which
received a record amount of rainfall
where highways were blocked off leaving
the city isolated from recovery efforts
and I get it like the media loves a good
storm okay a lot of rain
a lot of waves ripping apart the
coastline paired to a war zone war zone
looks like a war zone
while some beefed up the danger element
of storms for ratings Fox News and local
news affiliates like this one take
advantage of the devastation a petal
routine racial agitation mass
devastation Houston has brought with it
a breakdown in law and order this
natural disaster is wreaked havoc in the
region you know what's even more
dangerous than exploding transformers
black people trying to stay alive fears
now of looting many people say they're
carrying guns and they're now afraid of
looters during a hurricane
your main concern should be protecting
yourself from the hurricane and it's
After Effects but this kind of damaging
black people loot versus white people
survive rhetoric leads to maniacs like
this guy you come down the street
looking for problems you're gonna get
shot like in this dudes mind during the
hurricane people are not they're trying
to survive they're like this is my
opportunity to do rapes and steal your
neon Budweiser sign like no one's coming
into your ugly-ass suburban house Chad
chill the heck out my mind is absolutely
blown at the apathy and hate that poor
people receive and nothing proves that
point like a good old looting
compilation I'm a sound biker please
share this video with your friends to
fight against the looting myth leave
your thoughts in the comment section
below also if you'd like to hear these
breakdowns live join me on my twitch at
twitch TV slash astana B and please join
tu IT membership to support us at TYT
dot-com /join and this has been the
breakdown never miss another breakdown
video by ringing the bell below you'll
get notified whenever we publish
something new also don't forget to join
TYT today download our TYT Plus app on
your phone or head on over to tea
y-t-dot-com slash join
