back in March Donald Trump tweeted out
on a Saturday morning just found out
Obama had my wires tapped at Trump Tower
just before the victory nothing found
this is McCarthyism that was Donald
Trump's exact tweet from March he
accused President Obama of basically
committing a felony by having Donald
Trump wire tapped within Trump Tower in
an effort to find who knows what now
immediately people began asking
President Trump for some kind of
evidence as to you know whether or not
this wiretap existed but he never
offered a single shred of evidence
beyond his original statement and his
repeated claims of this so the
Department of Justice took it upon
themselves to go ahead and investigate
and find out exactly where Obama
wiretapped and why he wiretapped and who
authorized this wiretap but as it turns
out after nearly four or five months of
investigation
there was no wiretap placed by the Obama
administration in to Trump Tower or on
any phone line used by Donald Trump
Donald Trump flat-out lied to the
American public via Twitter that
President Obama wiretapped him and
apparently we had to have a Department
of Justice investigation to determine
that Donald Trump lied not only is this
a disgusting misuse of tax dollars to go
ahead and try to investigate another one
of Donald Trump's vanity projects like
we had to investigate whether or not
pictures of his inaugural crowd were
photoshopped but it also shows just how
far president Trump will go in order to
smear President Obama now most of the
lies that Donald Trump has told have
either been related to some kind of
policy or they've been lies of vanity
again like the my inaugural crowd was
bigger than Obama's I've done more than
other presidents have in this short
amount of time and so on but they've
been lies that served a specific purpose
this lie saying that Oh
a wire tapped me doesn't necessarily
serve a particular purpose
it doesn't advance any policy and it
doesn't make Donald Trump look better
now maybe maybe Trump thought that if I
say this people have some sympathy for
me or they will think I am important
enough that Obama wanted to place a
wiretap on me but that's a bit of a
stretch this lie served no purpose for
Donald Trump so the big question is why
tell it why did he wake up one Saturday
morning and decide to just tweet that
out what sparked it what made him make
this decision those are things that we
the American public actually need to
know because it will give us a better
glimpse into the very fragile
deteriorating brain of Donald Trump this
is not normal behavior normal people
don't just make up these wild claims and
tweet them out to the public and we
shouldn't hold our President to a lower
standard than that we need to know why
he told this lie who inspired it if
anyone and what we're gonna do as a
result of it we can't continue to just
let these things go yeah we've got
fact-checkers out there but they're not
necessarily holding anybody accountable
it's not like they can take this to the
Senate or the House of Representatives
and say okay you're gonna have to
impeach him because he just told a lie
here that's not how it works technically
there's nothing illegal about what a
Trump has done as far as his lies but we
have to demand more the public has to
demand more and those idiots who still
say they support Donald Trump they have
to wake up and understand that this man
is an absolute pathological liar and he
doesn't give a damn about anyone anyone
but himself and his constant non-stop
lies to make himself look better are
proof of that but again this particular
lie doesn't fit into that usual scheme
and that's why this one stands out so
much we need more answers on this and
hopefully somebody maybe a psychiatrist
maybe at Mike Pence or John Kelly's
urging Trump will go talked to a mental
health professional and find out why he
is incapable of telling the American
public the truth
