Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos made
an announcement today that did concern
quite a few victims of rape and sexual
assault
she is scrapping a memo sent out by the
Education Department back in 2011 under
the Obama administration which
essentially directed schools that
receive federal funding on how to deal
with accusations of campus sexual
assault harassment and rape now Betsy
DeVos had hinted that she planned to do
away with the directive and she has done
so today first I want to go to the video
where she announces part of the reason
why she made this decision take a look
one rape is one too many one assault is
one too many
one aggressive act of harassment is one
too many
one person denied due process is one too
many there is no way to avoid the
devastating reality of campus sexual
misconduct lives have been lost lives of
victims and lives of the accused and
we're here today because the previous
administration helped elevate this issue
in American public life but good
intentions alone are not enough
survivors victims of a lack of due
process and campus administrators have
all told me that the current approach
does a disservice to everyone involved
break down what the approach was under
the Obama administration I'm sure some
of you might have seen some coverage of
this on other outlets and none of them
actually delve into the details of what
the Obama administration called for and
you know Betsy DeVos makes some pretty
heavy allegations against it indicating
that the definition for sexual assault
was too broad no it wasn't is actually
pretty specific now that's not to say
that it didn't have some problems and we
will get to those problems in just a
second but I want to be clear about one
thing
Betsy DeVos is coming from a place of
hey you know what we're being really
unfair to those who are accused okay so
she is essentially turning the accused
to the victims here when in reality the
biggest problem that led to the Obama
administration putting out that
directive was the fact that in many
cases universities and college campuses
refused to do a proper investigation or
investigation at all when a student will
accused another of sexual assault or
rape so that was when the federal
government got involved so important
context here when she says the the
rights of the victims and the accused
have to be balanced that's not a
controversial statement it should the
cues have rights of course it's America
of course they should have rights the
question is what do you emphasize when
the overwhelming majority of the cases
turn out to be true and you then start
calling it 50/50 I'm not sure you've got
your priorities straight it's not to say
that they accuse shouldn't have rights
of course they should but once you give
them rights and it turns out they are
guilty and and and you treat it as if
it's a 50/50 situation when the stats
don't bear that out that's a huge
problem the second problem is that the
colleges and universities have an
incentive to cover this stuff up because
it makes them look bad which then
affects the people that apply the people
that come and effects their funding so
that goes to the core of what they care
about and and this doesn't acknowledge
that at all in fact it takes the thing
that acknowledged it and said hey don't
brush this under the rug make sure
you're treating it proportionally and in
a truly an incorrectly balanced way and
says now let's scrap that let's not do
that at all right so let me be
absolutely clear about one thing
Obama's directive or the Education
Department's directive under the Obama
administration made clear that the
investigation did have to be impartial
so what you just said so she makes it
seem as though the Education Department
under Obama came out and said no no as
soon as someone's accused they're guilty
that's it no it says it's ridicu need to
investigate it okay you need to be
impartial as you do this invest
negation and look there is a different
burden of proof when it comes to a
criminal case so if this alleged rape
for instance goes to trial and it is a
criminal case the burden of proof is
much higher that person needs to be
found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt
because that is a serious allegation and
you're talking about a criminal offense
when it comes to a college campus though
they're not lawyers there's no judge
this is not a criminal system this is a
university making a decision as to
whether or not this rape happened and if
it did happen has it created a hostile
environment that distracts the victim
from learning and feeling comfortable on
campus and then the university decides
what it should do but again the burden
of proof is a little lower for the
universities because we're not talking
about a criminal case we're talking
about a university and doing their own
investigation to figure out what's best
for those involved all right one more
piece of context because if you're
saying aha I knew it it's a lower burden
of proof that's they're railroading
these guys it should always be an
incredibly high burden of proof no no
there's different contexts for examples
civil trials civil trials don't require
you to be 98% sir 99% certain they just
require you to be 51% certain because
you've got to decide who's right who's
wrong so you might or might not remember
this
so OJ of course got acquitted everybody
remembers that in his criminal trial but
then the Goldman family who lost their
son sued Oh Jane a civil trial and they
won and they won easily because it was a
different burden of proof because he
likely did it it's just in the criminal
trial they couldn't prove it beyond a
reasonable doubt right so in in some
context it makes perfect sense to have a
different burden of proof because it
they're not lawyers and justices and
judges at the at the University and
they've got to make a decision who's
right who's wrong how do we make sure
there's the least amount of damage here
right and again these are school
officials who do not have the power to
convict someone of a felony which is why
the burden of proof is lower and by the
way the burden of proof is still very
high because they have to through their
investigation find that the person who
has been accused
more than likely did it okay so again
it's a lower burden of proof but they
have to provide evidence indicating that
this individual more than likely did it
I'm just gonna say one last thing
because he's right like you might be
hearing right-wing propaganda out there
and they make it seem like all you have
to say is oh he did it and then they
shake you out of college it's not
remotely true they go through an entire
long process because nobody wants to do
that nobody wants to take a kid who
didn't do it and go I don't know
somebody said it so so what let's just
throw yeah by the way on this show we've
defended many people who we thought
didn't do it and and there was big
debates about the mattress woman at
Columbia and and I think she was
preposterous and I don't want to get
back into those debates of course as
progressives we value the rights of the
accused but you also have to make sure
that you're protecting the women on
campus and men if they're being sexually
is right and there is a percentage of
men who do face sexual assault on campus
as well so this isn't just a female
victim issue now back to DeVos I want to
go to graphic three to give you a better
sense of where she stands on this she
says that those that use a system biased
toward finding a student responsible for
sexual misconduct are also committing
discrimination DeVoss suggests that the
definition of sexual assault is too
broad and too many cases involved
student and faculty simply for speaking
their minds or teaching their classes
that is patently untrue and again I'm
gonna reiterate if you've seen coverage
of this story anywhere else they never
get to the details of what that
directive said so it was 20 pages long I
wanted to make sure I read every word to
really understand it and give you guys
the facts so let's get to that okay sir
one last thing there because that
statement shows you what divorce is
about because when she says let's be
balanced that there's no harm in saying
that of course you should be but when
she says that you could be accused for
just saying words that's just not true
that shows you she has bad intent she's
purposely lying about what the policy
says look I was a conservative when I
was on college campuses and I remember
one time somebody accused said that I
should not be allowed to speak in class
because I
such a large man that my words
intimidated them okay so I've fought
that nonsense and by the way you know
what the liberal Dean said at the
college that's nonsense of course you're
allowed to speak doesn't matter how
large you are me without preposterous
we're never gonna agree to stuff like
that but that's not what the policy does
divorce is lying about it now here are
the relevant portions of the memo sent
out by the Education Department back in
2011 now they did define sexual violence
rather specifically they said sexual
violence as that term is used in this
letter refers to physical sexual acts
perpetrated against a person's will or
where a person is incapable of giving
consent due to the victims use of drugs
or alcohol an individual also may be
unable to give consent due to an
intellectual or other disability so that
is what we're talking about there and I
don't know I mean I don't consider
myself that smart but I understood the
specific definition laid before me that
describes exactly what the sexual
violence is and what the university is
expected to investigate should a
complaint come forward now maybe she's
twisting it on purpose well if I if the
woman says no and you rape her anyway
and then they swell I mean what are you
just punishing the guy for language just
because she said no you sure he was
supposed to stop is that is that the
point of her mentioning language it's I
mean come on man so what did this letter
tell universities that receive federal
funding what did they tell them they
need to do okay so they laid it out here
the bullet point points disseminate a
notice of non-discrimination essentially
let everyone on that campus know we're
not going to discriminate against you
based on your gender your sexual
orientation that is standard title nine
requirements so there's nothing
controversial about that designate at
least at least one employee to
coordinate its efforts to comply with
and carry out its responsibilities under
so just hire one person who actually
carries out the responsibilities of
title night one person well if you're
gonna change that
I know you're not gonna go up the only
other number is zero so is that a
balanced approach ridiculous adopt and
publish grievance procedures providing
for prompt and equitable equitable I'm
gonna repeat that again equitable
resolution of student and employees sex
discrimination complaints okay so where
is this like overburdensome for
universities because again the reason
why this letter was sent out by the
Department of Education was because
there was an increasing number of women
coming forward and alleging that their
universities refused to even investigate
it and so what the Education Department
said was hey look we want you guys to do
a thorough and prompt investigation and
find a solution or resolution okay that
you have to do that because you don't
want to create an environment where
students don't feel safe now here's
another thing that I want to read to and
again this is exact wording from the
letter that was sent out the school's
inquiry must in all cases be prompt
thorough and impartial in cases
involving potential criminal conduct
school personnel must determine
consistent with state and local law
whether appropriate law enforcement or
other authorities should be notified oh
this is just I mean look it's just you
they're gonna find people guilty
immediately as soon as they're accused
that's what this letter Anna Obama
administration by demanding impartiality
obviously meant be biased no but here's
the thing okay this administration this
current administration just wants to
undo anything that Obama did right it
doesn't matter if the Obama
administration had executive orders or
passed or pushed for legislation that
made sense and actually made people's
lives a little better doesn't matter if
it's climate change doesn't matter if it
has to do with sexual assault on college
campuses doesn't matter if it has to do
with the LGBT community being allowed to
join our military doesn't matter how
much sense those policies made the Trump
administration
it's the Obama administration so much
they just want to undo anything that he
did with no rhyme or reason we say no
but and to be fair to them
they're also right-wingers and they
believe this thumb they think sexual
assault the balanced approach to that is
maybe having zero people look into it
instead of having one person looking to
it and so you know you say tomato I say
tomato you say it was sexual assault
because she said no I said well are you
really being fair to the guy so and
Betsy DeVos looks Pleasant and she went
to her nomination hearings and was like
oh no I'll be so fair ben Carson said
the same thing Gorsuch did it for the
Supreme Court and the press talked about
how pleasant they looked in the pleasant
words that they said it doesn't change
what their policies are their policies
are oftentimes barbaric and so the
minute they have an opportunity to
implement it they're going to implement
it and so then don't vote for
Republicans if you are gonna send your
daughters to college and you're worried
or your sons and you're worried what
might happen so and don't get surprised
when they do because this is what they
believe it support independent media
come join us at the Young Turks TYT
Network comm / join
