in a joint press conference the leader
of South Korea and Kim jong-eun got
together and said that they are working
toward a peace deal and it seems like
things are on the up-and-up but there is
one exception so kim jeong-hoon is
willing to denuclearize to some extent
if the United States agrees to some of
his demands although those demands
haven't been outlined yet so moon jae-in
says chairman kim and i shared the
history of having held hands like lovers
and crossed the military demarcation
line together twice Wow just to give you
a sense of you know some of the rhetoric
that you know we heard from this meeting
also North Korea said that it would
close a key missile test facility in the
presence of international experts it's
very important and potentially destroy
its primary nuclear complex if the u.s.
agrees to corresponding measures again
those measures have not been clarified
or outlined in any way yet
now kim jeong-hoon says the world is
going to see how this divided nation is
going to bring about a new future on its
own they also signed a deal which we'll
get to in a minute I actually think this
is great news and this is why you talked
to your enemies because you never know
what might come out of it and even a
buffoonish Donald Trump at least by
starting the conversation got it going
South Korea's picked up the ball here I
think those concessions by North Korea
are important I was gonna say real we
don't know if they're real until they
actually do it cuz North Korea
constantly lies about their intentions
but I think it looks actually really
promising here the things that they have
agreed to are very specific specific
missile testing area a specific nuclear
site talking about creating a train
system between North and South Korea and
and then the very important part kim
jeong-hoon
going to South Korea which is
unprecedented or unprecedented so we'll
get to that in the same give the
contours of the deal and then I want to
tell you why I'm not as concerned about
that one hiccup which is as long as
America does it - so
exactly so they signed a 17 page
agreement which is relevant it wasn't
just a simple one-page thing that Donald
Trump had signed this is very specific
has a lot of wording on how they're
going to create a more peaceful
environment and so to give you some
examples they plan to create rail
railroad links between North and South
Korea within the next year so they're
even specific about the time table stop
military drills aimed at each other
along with the military demarcation line
which divides the two countries and by
November first remove 11 guard posts in
the demilitarized zone by the end of the
year so again these are very specific
things that were outlined in that
agreement and so that's good news now
they're not doing this because of Trump
they're doing this despite Trump which
is good news but Trump of course is
gonna take some credit on Twitter he
says Kim jong-un has agreed to allow
nuclear inspections subject to final
negotiations and to permanently
dismantle a test he didn't write this
dismantle a test site and launch pad in
the presence of international experts in
the mean time there will be no rocket or
nuclear testing hero remains to continue
being Oh hero remains continue to be
returned to the United States also North
and South Korea will file a joint bid to
host the 2032 Olympics very exciting
that was a little too eloquent for him
yeah okay no I'm gonna give Trump some
credit he started the proceedings
overall and if he said blanket like Dick
Cheney did we don't talk to evil and
never gonna have a conversation I think
this stuff wouldn't happen and so he got
nothing in particular out of his meeting
but now it has gone further and the
South Koreans have gotten something now
normally if they just met with Trump and
said oh yeah we'll dispense a lot of
nuclear program as long as you do the
same I'd say oh that's not it's
irrelevant that doesn't mean anything of
course we're not gonna dismantle our
nuclear program and they left it so
vague but the South Koreans are way
smarter than Donald Trump so they're not
doing a 17 page document with all these
specifics without having some sense of
what the North Koreans mean when they
talk about the
is from the United States presumably
they checked with us so I'm encouraged
overall I'm encouraged I think there's a
really solid step forward and but I'm
you know North Korea is a very you can't
be very unique it's a unique situation
and when Kim jong-un goes to South Korea
it's something that no North Korean
leader has ever done I would consider
operation Pizarro so it's a thing I made
up so Francisco Pizarro took the king of
the Incas hostage and since they thought
he was divinity they would not attack
the conquistadors with a hundred and
sixty people they took over the entire
Inca Empire so now that was a terrible
trick on the case of Pizarro and you
should never do that in international
relations because it breaks trust but in
the case of North Korea they do think
their leaders are divine and and they
might hesitate and having him down in
South Korea is a fascinating moment I'm
not saying you should do it I'm saying
out of my ten options I would have that
be one of them
but but if they get it done without any
kind of conflict at all and they start
to go form a better relationship that
would be better that would be ideal and
this is definitely good news in that
direction like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
