fascinating story out of New York Times
also a little bit from The Daily Beast
in this reporting as well it is about
how John Kelly the chief of Saveur
Donald Trump is trying to corral him now
I made a prediction earlier that John
Kelly would not last just as everybody
in the mainstream media was gushing
about how his chin was so square his jaw
so solid hence all this is going to work
well the news out now is actually mixed
this some of it did work so credit where
credit is due I'll get to that and he
has done some great things and at the
same time
Trump is chaffing because he's a child
these are my favorite stories so without
further ado let's go to Glen thrush and
Maggie Haberman at the New York Times
president Trump was in an especially
ordinary mood that's that sounds like
him after staff members gently suggested
he refrain from injecting politics into
day-to-day issues of governing after
last month's raucous rally in Arizona
and he responded by lashing out at the
most senior aide in his presence it
happened to be his new chief of staff
John F Kennedy here he's a man-child
okay it's a general he's really well
respected he's really orderly that's not
gonna stop the manchild from getting
upset I talked about both tragedy
so mr. Kelly the former Marine general
brought in five weeks ago as this
excited successor to Reince Priebus
reacted calmly but he later told other
White House staff members that he had
never been spoken to like that during 35
years of serving his country in the
future he said he would not abide such
treatment according to three people
familiar with the exchange well okay I
my prediction is he will he will abide
it because people like power too much on
the other hand Trump will not abide we
asked you this whole question in an
earlier segment that we did about John
Kelly a couple weeks ago and you guys
also thought the same thing that there
was about a according to you guys about
a 90% chance that at some point Trump
will fire Kelly but we'll see how that
goes so far so good and I don't
not sure I want them to be fired in fact
that's a poll question I'm gonna ask you
later
so they explained while mr. Kelly has
quickly brought some order to a
disorganized and demoralized staff he is
fully aware of the president's volcanic
resentment about being managed according
to a dozen people close to mr. Trump and
has treated gingerly through the
minefield of mr. Trump's psyche indeed
the minefield of mr. Trump's psyche look
they're not just talking to one or two
people here they've talked to a dozen
people inside the White House and this
is the same reaction we got when we had
a whole different cast of characters in
the White House everybody says the same
thing cuz it's true Donald Trump is as a
very thin skin he doesn't like to be
told what to do he has temper tantrums
everything I look I don't even want to
again I feel like I'm belittling kids
too much but it's what a moody kid let's
just call that way does right so yeah
you have to say you know now mr. Trump
you're wonderful and great and gracious
and wonderful but can I just say maybe
in the middle of doing hurricane Harvey
empathizing you shouldn't talk about
your crowd sighs oh this is a man child
in charge of the country god help us all
the president has as still bridled at
what he perceives as being told what to
do it's a very very common theme look
guys if people are trying to manipulate
you that's annoying and and there are
instances when people play politics
inside of a company and obviously inside
the government and you can sniff that
out and put an end to it that's
perfectly fair and a good thing a
positive thing but when someone
earnestly tells you hey here's my honest
advice about what I think you should do
that would be helpful to you to our
party to our policy priorities to the
country
you can't go it depends dude they have
your best interests in mind don't they
do they have the country's best
interests in mind and don't they are
they right or are they wrong you can't
just every time somebody gives you
advice you can't flip out and go nuclear
like an idiot
what that would require you not to be an
idiot and that's where we run into the
problem all right so more on this front
and here comes a turn like every other
new sheriff in town mr. Trump is hired
to turn things around at the White House
or in his presidential campaign mr.
Kelly has gradually diminished in his
appeal to his Restless boss so and the
reason it goes like this is that first
he hires someone like Paul manna Fortas
it was his former campaign manager the
guy looks like and he's got a nice suit
and he's been a lobbyist for a long time
and he thinks and he worked on a lot of
presidential campaigns a good there's a
successful person I like this guy and
that mana Ford says hey can you stop
being such a schmuck but of course in
very political terms as to not offended
mr. Trump's you were so brilliant but
could you please do this instead of that
and you and now in John Kelly's case Oh
general oh look some of the generals
that's why he's got Jim mattis as
defense secretary
he's got McMaster at at National
Security Council and he's got Kelly as
his chief of staff
Oh generals successful rich people good
generals good everyone else sucks I
don't want to be my government but after
a while he realizes oh this is a person
who's smart and trying to give me good
advice
therefore I hate him so more details the
question now is how long mr. Kelly will
stay with estimates ranging for a month
to a year at most how many times can I
say told you all right but it hasn't
happened yet so let's see how it goes
mr. Trump who has said that he has
surrounded himself with former military
men from quote central casting respects
mr. Kelly aides said but again just like
I said says he and he says that he
that's a quote from Trump these generals
look like they're from central casting
that would be great for a reality show
for actually running the country I mean
we're lucky it looks like Kelly's
actually organized essential casting
shouldn't have anything new with it how
they look should have anything new there
but he is Trump has said this on dozens
of occasions he doesn't like people who
don't look like they should have the
role even though Mitt Romney had gone
after him very aggressively during the
campaign he still consider him for
Secretary of State and it wasn't a fake
consideration according to inside
sources because they said Trump thought
he
like a secretary of state oh all right
anyway so we got lucky that Kelly
actually does fit the role that he was
cast for it appears because you're gonna
see some good news in a second okay the
president for his part has marveled at
the installation of management controls
that would have been considered routine
in any other White House he says quote I
now have time to think a surprise mr.
Trump has told one of his senior aides
repeatedly over the last few weeks yeah
if idiots like and Mad Men like Steve
Bannon and Amuro says you're gonna see
the second all these people don't just
burst into your room ago a great idea
let's take these before you might
actually and you do things in an orderly
way you might have time in your schedule
to think that once again god help us on
what he's thinking know that we want
from thinking a lot and that would be a
fascinating pride of to sit in the room
as he's not how anybody got pictures and
what anybody want to turn on Fox right
but okay good good orders good mr. Kelly
cannot stop mr. Trump from binge
watching functions from bitch watching
Fox News which aids described as for the
president's primary source of
information gathering for the third time
god help us all like I mean at a minimum
even if you're on that side you've got
to be kindness in that Fox News is doing
perspective reporting and again I know
he's not cognizant of this and even if
he was he wouldn't care they're not
their so-called reporting is not even
prospective reporting we've reported a
hundred times about internal memos from
Fox News where management tells the
anchors what to say based on political
grounds hey pretend the Hamas is
celebrating Democratic victories pretend
this is happening pretend that is
happening but even if you get past that
he was looking at Fox and Friends and
hem these are all opinion shows and he
sees in his ago a joke yeah it was a
fact Steve Doocy said it how could it be
wrong oh okay so now the really good
news about John Kelly is that he has
kept most of the crazies out so let's
give you details on that
now mr. Kelly this is still the New York
Times mr. Kelly has thinned out his
package it of print out so much that mr.
Trump plaintively asked a friend
recently where the daily caller and
Breitbart were mr. Kelly's told the
staff time and time again that his goal
was to rationalize the chaos that has
engulfed the management of the West Wing
managing mr. Trump is beyond his or
anyone else's powers he has said
repeatedly in other words throwing his
hand I'm going I'm trying brother okay
now if you don't know the the envelope
you used to get usually prepared by
Steve Bannon acolytes would be filled
with right-wing propaganda from sites
like Breitbart of course that's the one
this thing banner used to run and now
runs again and so they put that in front
of them like oh my god immigrants are
dirty and terrible and you should ban
them all anybody I found in fact it says
here on Breitbart that immigrants are
terrible we should ban them right and
but think about what a child he is that
he doesn't even know they were playing
that game and that they were putting
that folder in front of him and now that
somebody else is playing a different
game and putting a folder that doesn't
have those he's genuinely asking like
hey what happened to bright Barton Daily
Caller are they not in the news anymore
no you schmuck ironically what's
happening is the thing that you're
worried about which is that they're
playing you they were playing you before
to be crazy now Kelly's playing you to
be sane thank God for that but either
way the fact that you can't see that is
so sad if I was the President and
somebody keeps putting opinion pieces in
front of me with a certain agenda I'd
like yeah that's all good and fine I get
it that's like your opinion man but
what's the actual news of today and and
of course Trump is not savvy enough to
understand any of it Jesus man his IQ is
I don't know that it's made the double
digits this guy is really really dumb
okay so now more good news okay so you
got the some of the extreme right-wing
propaganda off the President's desk
that's good
and then you've got Omarosa Manigault
believe it or not she is in the white
house yes she's the reality show star on
the other hand so is Trump so oh the
stories this is now The Daily Beast the
stories Manigault would present the
Trump often on a phone or printed out
would often enrage the president and
resulted in him sending spending at
least rest of the
a fuming about it for example one white
house source noted that Manigault was
one of the people who would bring to
president Trump's attention online
articles concerning MSNBC host and
former Trump pals Joe Scarborough and
Mika Brzezinski slagging him and his
administration so and that's what caused
Trump to go nuts and say that Mika was
bleeding from the face which got him
into more trouble
Omarosa says whole point in the reality
shows that she was in was to cause
trouble and chaos that's why she was an
interesting character on TV she would
love to pit people against each other
and create drama
if you're running a reality show perfect
she's exactly the kind of character that
you would cast if you're running a white
house if she's doing it to the president
that's a profoundly bad idea
and then again he's so stupid he doesn't
realize and he said oh my god is
somebody saying something bad about me
Oh oh my Rosa thank you for creating
this drama oh yeah yeah so Kelly's like
no no your god no your your band we're
not you know if you're gonna go into the
office you have to ask my permission and
she's oh my god she's talking to a
camera as we speak he'll like babe the
shots that they do in a room by herself
I can't believe general Kelly did this
to me he is so outrageous okay now one
more on Omarosa unnamed trump
administration source says when general
kelly is talking about clamping down on
access to the oval she's patient zero so
she's the one causing the most amount of
problems again giving her track record
on TV that's not surprising
now another guy with a lot of problems
is sheriff Clark he's the guy who
recently quit in Milwaukee and there
I've great news on behalf of John Kelly
Sheriff David Clarke just lost out on
yet another Trump administration job and
he has the president's chief of staff to
thank we actually all have the
president's chief of staff to thank on
that sheriff Clark is a lunatic for
sources working in and close to the
trunk White House said his failure to
land a gig in the West Wing or the
Department of Homeland Security where
Clark unsuccessfully sought a job
earlier this year was in large part the
result of opposition from White House
chief of staff John Kelly Kelly led the
Department of Homeland Security until
late July at depart
Homeland Security Kelly had personally
shot down an idea supported by some
officials in the trunk White House to
have immigration ultra hardliner Kris
Kobach as a Deputy Secretary of Homeland
Security so these are all really good
news now look one of the reasons that
Kelly said no to sheriff Clark was
because the guy several people have died
in his prisons including a guy who died
of thirst which is unbelievable in
America including a child who died it
during childbirth because they wouldn't
bring any medical professionals to help
the mother I mean really barbaric stuff
but to give you a sense of what a
lunatic sheriff Clark is he believes
that black lives matter and Isis are
working together to bring down the
country cuckoo for cocoa puffs and
Kelly's like yeah that's good now of
course Donald Trump jr. loves and takes
pictures with them puts it on Twitter
all these cast of characters are on
trumpet like that sheriff Clark and
Kelly's like oh yeah yeah look and none
of these guys are remotely liberal okay
including Kelly Kelly's hard right wing
guy I mean he when he was the Department
of Homeland Security he was all on board
for the Muslim ban he wanted to you know
he's on board for building the wall
don't get don't get it mixed up okay
this guy's no one's modern he's just not
a lunatic so when he said guy walks in
he's like I got a great idea what a
worker Department of Homeland Security
he's like okay I'm all ears what do you
got or what is it
I think Isis so black lives matter are
working okay okay yeah getting out of
here and Chris Kobach this guy's you
know as hardliner as it comes and I was
wondering why he was not in government
because he sounds exactly like Trump
kind of person and it turns out Kelly
had blocked it so he just wants to be
more reasonable in the right wing path
that they are going and more sane so
it's gonna get coming to a question in a
second but one last quote for you guys
now back to the New York Times but one
associate who spoke to mr. Kelly last
month said the former commander had
remarked that his current assignment was
by far the hardest job he had ever had
and then I include being a Marine grunt
and everything else that he's done in
his life of course how do you control an
uncontrollable manchild so
the question I posed to you guys is
should John Kelly resign in protest or
staying keep Trump in check
Qi tea network.com slash chief of staff
now look there's two reasons why you
should say resign in protest one is well
he's brought some level of confidence to
the Trump White House and we don't want
them to get the Muslim band-pass or the
wall built sand or giant tax cuts for
the rich so maybe John Kelly is not such
a great thing in terms of policy the
second reason is well look anybody with
a conscience should resign in protest
from Trump administration especially
after what he did after charlottesville
on the other hand the manchild could get
angry and nuke North Korea or start a
war that kills millions of people mmm
not an easy question
so tea white tea network.com slash chief
of staff
here's to hear what you think he has
kept more of the crazies out he has
brought order to the Trump White House
for now likely it won't last because ask
Ramu Chi another guy that Kelly
basically fired famously said the fish
rots from the head down and that fish is
Donald Trump and it smells support
independent media come join us at the
Young Turks TYT Network comm / join
