rush limbaugh has a theory on hurricanes
apparently they might not really exist
now of course this is enormous ly
dangerous because hurricane Irma is
barreling down the Caribbean right now
and very likely to hit Puerto Rico and
also likely to hit Florida so people
must take precautions but he's not gonna
go in that direction he's gonna go in
the direction of lunatic conspiracy
theories and endanger people's lives so
it's both amusing because it is so
insane but at the same time very
dangerous so let's listen the reason
that I am leery of forecasts this far
out folks is because I see how the
system works now I don't mean this to be
a personal attack on anybody but the one
thing that's undeniable throughout our
culture is that everything has been
politicized and in that sense much of
our public information system including
from the government from the drive-by
media has been corrupted it has been
corrupted by the individual biases and
whatever present bigotry of the people
who own these positions you can see it
in the way the deep state deals with
Trump you can see it with the way the
intelligence community and the
Washington establishment deal with Trump
so in the case of a hurricane what
happens well there are many levels here
when a hurricane pops up and let's not
we can't forget hurricane Harvey because
hurricane Harvey and the TV pictures of
the company that go a long way they
helping further and create the panic now
in the official meteorological circles
you have an abundance of people who
believe that manmade climate change is
real and they believe that Al Gore is
correct when he has written and he
couldn't be more wrong that climate
change is creating more hurricanes and
stronger hurricanes and of course when
Harvey hit it was the first hurricane
that had hit in 12 years there haven't
been more hurricanes and then
more dangerous than any others in
previous years but doesn't matter
because the bias is built-in so there is
a desire to advance this climate change
agenda and hurricanes are one of the
fastest and best ways to do it you've
got accomplished a lot just by creating
fear and panic you don't even need the
hurricane to hit anywhere all you need
is to create the fear and panic
accompanied by talk that climate change
is causing hurricanes to become more
frequent and bigger and more dangerous
and you create the panic in its mission
accomplished agenda advanced now there's
more and there's a lot to say here but
let's just note for the record that
hurricane harvey did actually hit and it
was real and over 60 people have died
tens of thousands have been displaced
billions of dollars have been lost
that's enormous Lee real and it was more
severe it did create more rain it did
create more floods and water around
Houston had gone has gone up a half a
foot in the last couple of decades just
like the scientists predicted we had
hurricane Harvey was a more severe storm
just like the scientists predicted and
this so now let's go to the fact that
everything he does is projection he says
now I have to tell you that everything
has been politicized yeah but you you've
politicized everything including
hurricanes you're doing it right now
many says the media has been corrupted
yes by you so among his so-called
advertisers are right-wing think tanks
those are funded by both multinational
corporations and right-wing billionaires
now they don't actually need the people
who listen to Rush Limbaugh to do
anything for a think tank it's already
funded by the billionaires so why do
they spend millions of dollars on Rush
Limbaugh because they're buying
propaganda they're not selling any goods
that are not even selling any of the
crazy shakes that Pat Robertson or Alex
Joe sells
no they're just saying okay you well I
want to corrupt you here's money you say
what I tell you to say ROG is like great
I'd love to
and then he talks about how there's a
need to create fear and panic that is
Republican 101 oh my god the immigrants
are crossing the border they're crossing
off they have all the power that guy who
crossed the border with nothing at all
he has all the power he's the problem
Oh Sharia law is coming oh my god
Oklahoma's gonna get taken over by
Sharia law creating fear and panic
that's exactly what Rush Limbaugh does
so let's let him finish here as he talks
about as he said earlier the bias sees
and why do you talk like that you're
such a weirdo all right here you go
so what happens when all the TV stations
begin reporting this and the panic
begins to increase and then people end
up going to various stores to stock up
on water and whatever they might need
for home repairs and batteries and all
this that they're advised to get the
vicious circle is created you have these
various retail outlets who spend a lot
of advertising dollars with the local
media the local media in turn reports in
such a way as to create the panic wave
far out which sends people into these
stores to fill up with water and to fill
up with batteries and it becomes a
never-ending repeated cycle and the two
coexist
though the media benefits with the panic
with increased eyeballs in the
retailer's benefit from the panic with
increased sales and the TV companies
benefit because they're getting
advertising dollars from the businesses
that are seeing all this attention from
customers so the retailers are working
with the media companies and by the way
look if you say advertising affects
what's happening on TV I hear you for
example political advertising effects
are tremendously so there's a rational
argument to be made but in this case
let's just follow this chain of thought
here logic if you will okay
the retailer's want to charge you more
for water for example but except they
don't they freeze the prices otherwise
there's enormous blowback but okay
whatever they want to charge more
according to Rush and they want
everybody to grab the food and that's
true their shelves are empty and they so
what they tell MSM
see and Fox News and CNN pretend there's
a hurricane
CNN then goes to all the meteorologists
and says okay guys you need to make up a
hurricane that isn't actually coming
because this is part of what he
mentioned earlier a deep state plot
against Trump except for the fact that a
hurricane is coming it's a category 5
irma is the biggest hurricane ever
recorded in history in the Atlantic
Basin so let's go to an actual
meteorologist Al Roker he says do not
listen to rush limbaugh when he says
irma is not a dangerous storm and his
height he is putting people's lives at
risk he says to have rush limbaugh
suggest the warnings about irva are fake
about or about profit and to ignore them
borders on criminal hashtag shame on
Rush if you don't get out of the way of
a category 5 you're going to be in a lot
of trouble you and your family's lives
could be at risk this buffoon this
conspiracy theorist this guy who's paid
to do propaganda is telling you don't
believe your eyes don't believe any of
the scientists just sit there in the eye
of the storm and wait for it to hit you
because it's all hype don't whatever you
do if you live in Florida certainly
Puerto Rico it might your life might
literally depend on you not listening to
Rush Limbaugh so there's a time for
politics and there's a time for science
and reality and science and reality are
about to hit us pretty hard again look
there's a good way to show this by the
way to there there is an ending to this
movie we'll know what happens what it
actually comes and if it hits Cuba and
Haiti and Puerto Rico but by the time
against the Florida slows down a little
bit I know what rush will say he'll say
hi you see that I wasn't that bad
as if Puerto Rico and Cuba and Haiti
don't exist right but they do in fact
exist they are real and so is the
hurricane and god help them all I hope
that it's somehow slows down and
miraculously does not hit any of that
lamb
but that is not likely what is far more
likely is that the reality of climate
change is hitting us and it's hitting us
hard and it's hitting us right now help
us build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
