as hurricane Irma continues its path
towards Florida along the way by the way
devastating multiple islands we've been
seeing news throughout the day about
that many along the way are evacuating
some are getting away if they can
obviously in the islands it's difficult
some fleeing to different sorts of
shelters but there are certain areas
where if you do intend to go to a
shelter you better bring your paperwork
because the Polk County Sheriff Grady
Judd is going to be screening everyone
that tries to get into one of these
shelters in his County to make sure that
you've never broken any laws he tweeted
this if you go to a shelter for hashtag
Ummah and you have a warrant we'll
gladly Esther either the safe and secure
shelter called the Polk County Jail this
is a man with his priorities in order
he says if you have a warrant turn
yourself in to the jail it's a secure
shelter
I guess that's trying to save himself
the paperwork I suppose and we're gonna
we're gonna go some other quotes of this
guy because he's kind of an a-hole
historically but look at that I mean
some people are gonna look at that and
think oh well yeah I mean you don't want
you know what people are breaking a law
in a shelter but what you probably also
don't want is most of the police that
are supposed to be helping people
instead spending all their time going
back through the personal histories of
everyone who tries to get a blanket and
a roof over their head
sounds like big government bureaucracy
to me yeah so there's a couple of issues
here one is I don't just like Johnson I
forget the paperwork I don't want the
cops driving back and forth between the
jail
let's go there's a hurricane category
five do that anyway once the hurricane
hits yeah there's a category five coming
it's the biggest hurricane that has ever
been recorded in the Atlantic Basin
let's prioritize here okay now look I
ain't nobody one of the things he said
later is that we don't want innocent
children at the shelter with sex
offenders it's so ok that's fair and no
nobody wants that
but what remember how broad our sex
offender laws on in this us like if
you're an 18 year old streaks like a
football field or something like that
you're gonna file for the rest of your
life no no I know I know but I tell me I
don't want to get into depictions of
child sex offenders it's not the time
okay because if you start anima than the
on the other hand people have minor
traffic violations they couldn't pay it
and then now there's a warrant for them
or they didn't have insurance when they
were driving look you can do pray to the
horribles on both ends this is not the
time get people into shelters because
while you're doing paperwork outside and
and discouraging people from coming to
shelters just in case they had a traffic
ticket or a fine or whatever it was
people are gonna die
so let's arrest here everybody first and
then if you're the sheriff isn't your
job to in normal times to go serve those
warrants you think like isn't like so
what are you trying to shirk your duty
here like ah man it's such a pain in the
ass to go try to find those people and
really if there's a sexual offender out
in the loose so that has attacked
children and you haven't caught them
well go catch it before the hurricane
days yeah and of course I mean there's
the the people who did something like I
don't know God knows what you could have
a warrant out for that isn't as bad as
he's making it sound who theoretically
won't go to a shelter and might now die
in the hurricane but then there's also
the chilling effect of that there
purposefully like they do in elections
when they say all of your paperwork is
gonna be checked and they're gonna go
back over your history it's a lot of
people are now gonna be scared that some
out-of-control police are gonna be
rooting around in their personal history
intimidating people and all of that
stuff and they won't necessarily feel
safe going to the shelter now even if
they don't have a warrant out on them
some people are gonna be scared away
from this and they're gonna be outside
when the hurricane hits and lives will
be lost
I don't even think that's a side effect
of what he's doing I think that's the
goal of what he's doing he's not trying
to catch a couple of people with
warrants he's trying to keep the the
shelters stocked with just the sort of
people that he's comfortable with
illustrations of how a lot of
politicians not politician but he's
trying to look a certain way like a
politician would he wants to look like a
tough guy
bottom line he is no maybe doesn't I'm
speculating completely here what's the
level plan that he has to check every
person who comes and he was to put out
an APB and say hey everybody I'm the
tough guy and whoever was coming here
and deal with this tough guy is gonna
deal with this tough guy yes I'm a tough
guy hey aren't I good Sheriff it's all
self-promotion whatever it is is what
you want to make yourself look a certain
way so that you don't have to actually
do it
the work I'm getting everybody that
comes in here but yeah well look I sorry
Mikey Ghana was slightly different than
you guys cuz it was gonna be the one
time the police got good press for
helping people and he's like I got a
great plan to hold my beer yeah
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
