Mario from Super Mario has it always
been called Super Mario like there's
different versions of it right I'm not a
gamer either and it's the Mario games
okay so every gamer is already laughing
at us
god bless your hearts okay there's a dr.
Mario Super Mario Mario it's not Mario
please stop saying marry you
that's funny somebody corrected me
earlier I don't even know what I'm doing
okay Mario
there are Mario Brothers okay presumably
within different professions I don't or
maybe they're all plumbers I'm not
really I'm not well versed in the
history of the mario family right
neither am i because anyway all right so
yes I did used to played what Trevor
Mario was where you had to line up the
colors and they kind of like Tetris I
played that religiously when I was in
college yes but anyway let me get to the
story up
so apparently Mario from the Mario video
game Super Mario Brothers yada-yada used
to be referred to as a plumber that was
his day job you know when he wasn't
eating mushrooms and doing other things
he was plumbing now apparently okay
apparently they've decided to rebrand
him as a non plumber and I don't know
why and I don't know why anyone cares
but nonetheless people are talking about
it and now Fox News is concerned that
the reason why they did the rebranding
was because of political correctness
okay can I just say yeah I don't think
they even did a rebrand I read what they
wrote I mean obviously translated from
Japanese but who they all they said was
who was a plumber a long time ago yeah
so what all that means is yeah he should
be a plumber now he's now he's a video
game store or whatever the hell oh now
they're saying he was a plumber a long
time ago he now focuses on sports and
racing okay so much makes sense that he
Suzie's in the video game they're not
even saying like that said he haze it
retired from plumbing and he's become a
neuroscientist even better can you
imagine he retired from plumbing and now
he's a climate scientist
okay so I feel like a little shame
talking about this but Fox News talked
about it as well okay so I give us a
pass here's the discussion that they had
all right according to his new at
Nintendo profile Mario worked as a
plumber quote a long time ago he now
focuses on sports and racing fans on
Twitter not taking this news well at all
like you Brian 1 tweeting quote what the
heck nothing is sacred anymore another
tweet reading quote the vanishing
working you know sometimes you're due
for a change maybe we have a Mario
correspondent that we could tap into and
get on the phone don't change the music
though ok guys who wrote vanishing
working-class were joking
I read the tweets they were hilarious
98% of them were joking I think they
were joking - to be fair yeah I get it I
get it but like Ducey had to make your
political with is this political
correctness why are Democrats against
plumbers I don't even is that a thing I
don't know okay hey everybody get off of
Mario's ass okay it doesn't matter what
he is he's in a video game he's not real
and I know
unlike Fox I think we recognize that
most of you are joking and if you're not
joking please go get not a new job but a
new life help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
