Hilary Clinton has a new book out I
think it has an Hillary's title what
happened that's the title I I wouldn't
have labeled it that but okay so well
what's what's in what happened just
gotta be the reaction of her entire team
when she lost it was honestly our
reaction like jeezum Lord Mersey what
have you done to us but it turns out
you're gonna be shocked to find out
Hillary Clinton doesn't think it was her
fault
she thinks it was Bernie Sanders fault
Oh for Christ's sake all right so first
let's start nice and easy
actually little conciliatory stuff in
there mediates reporting this for Joseph
Wilson taking some portions of the book
out it hasn't come out yet so they take
pictures of these passages and put them
out
she says Sanders was right the Democrats
needed to strengthen their focus on
working families and she gave him credit
for
quote engaging a lot of young people in
the political process but he was quote
fundamentally wrong about the Democratic
Party well I like that he's she's giving
him a little bit of credit for at least
caring about policies but I think that
the second part is unwittingly honest he
was fundamentally wrong about the
Democratic Party in some ways they were
not yet ready for the kind of reform
that that he was proposing and by the
Democratic Party I don't mean voters I
mean she won on name recognition alone
in the primaries she had an enormous
record-breaking lead in name recognition
as we found out with Donald Trump game
record is just kind of important in
politics but but the Democratic Party
establishment was not ready for Bernie
Sanders they did not want real change
and they fought as hard as they possibly
could to prevent real change in real
progressive priorities but again of
course Secretary Clinton didn't see it
that way she writes because we agreed on
so much Bernie couldn't make an argument
against me in this area on policy so he
had a resort to innuendo and impugning
my character when I finally challenged
Bernie during a debate to a name a
single time I changed a position or a
vote because of a financial contribution
he couldn't come up with anything
nonetheless is a tax
lasting damage making it harder to unify
progressives in the general election and
paving the way for Trump's crooked
Hillary campaign in other words blaming
Bernie Sanders for Trump's crooked
Hillary campaign he didn't run that
campaign he actually had every
opportunity in the world her on that
campaign and he refused to do it because
he didn't want to impune your character
which was a terrible political mistake
he should have so I'm gonna show you a
guy in a second who did impune Hillary's
character and it worked and it might not
be who you think it is but I had Bernie
Sanders on this program in the middle of
the primaries and I asked him that same
question that she's referring to there
said why won't you name the things that
she switched positions on because of the
money that she received for example the
bankruptcy bill she was in favor of the
little guy before and egg against the
banks when she was not a senator when
she was advising her husband Bill
Clinton then she got a ton of money from
the financial industry for the banks and
switched her boat and then when she was
senators like oh yeah bankruptcy we
should crush those little guys why won't
you name it and he's like he said on
this program that's not the kind of
campaign I want to run I'm aware of
those votes but I don't want to mention
them in the debates oh the wrong
strategy you see the reason you should
mention it it's not just to be a to
impugn ur character and it isn't
personal they've never understood that
I don't know Hillary Clinton and I have
no idea what's in her heart the absurd
things that pundits say on TV all I know
is what's in a record and the system
that she believes in is one that is
systemically corrupt so when she takes
that money as was almost all of the
other politicians of course she bends to
the will of her donors and in that case
it was provable and you had to make that
case so you could win
now who did impute her character and
actually beat her in a Democratic
primary this guy did senator Clinton
this is the same person who has taken
more money from lobbyists than any other
candidate democratic or republican
taking more money from drug company
lobbyists and insurance company
lobbyists and she
saying I'm gonna touch who do you think
is out of touch when if Bernie Sanders
went one percent in that door so like
sexist racist how dare you most black
people are voting for Hillary Clinton in
the South in the beginning because they
haven't heard of Bernie Sanders so you
must be Reese well how about when Obama
did it when Obama did it a hundred times
more well anyways now we've turned
around it's like Obama's our god Obama's
final okay we were wait you think that's
the only condition dozens of those
cliffs maybe hundreds of those clubs
here I'll give you another word in that
same speech this is the same person who
spent a decade with her husband
campaigning for NAFTA and now goes
around saying how she was opposed to
NAFTA his does that sound like she's in
touch with Pennsylvania does that sound
like she's in touch with you this is the
same person who says she's voting for
the Colombia trade deal turns out that
her top advisor her top strategist was
working for the Colombian government to
get the bill passed does that sound like
she's in touch with you Bernie didn't do
one percent of that and he should have
Obama was right about that he was
laughing at her he was mocking her but
now they turn around and say Bernie went
too far no he didn't go nearly far
enough you know they love to deny
science and facts and the Democratic
establishment it's another way that
they're closeted Republicans where the
polls had Bernie Sanders up by 12 points
on election day against Donald Trump he
woulda won he should have run a tougher
campaign against Hillary Clinton so that
we wouldn't have this monster trump in
office and I think that they're so
sophisticated do you know that they
would have run a campaign and Bernie's
positives would have come down a little
bit yeah knuckleheads we know that and
the reality is she was way more
unpopular than Bernie Sanders in the
country overall and then when we had
open
we're independents could vote
non-democratic base voters and likely
voters and only the establishment etc
can vote Bernie would win Bernie would
do dude in Michigan he knew 20 points
better than the polls oh who cares we're
gonna win Michigan anyway oops
you didn't win Michigan did you it was
all your fault not his fault alright
this is so obvious but I'll yeah I've
been ask you to pull in a second but let
me continue she went on to say in the
book but he isn't a Democrat that's not
a smear that's what he says he didn't
get into the race to make sure a
Democrat won the White House he got in
to disrupt the Democratic Party are you
kidding me I mean if by the Democratic
Party you mean me and my systemic ly
corrupted cronies in the Democratic
establishment then you are right because
he doesn't want to keep giving money to
the people who are their donors and get
into power and then just funnel all the
money to them and in the meanwhile the
consultants take 15% and all your
friends in Washington take his skim off
the top and you get the money for the
donations the Clintons together I've
gotten over three billion dollars for
campaign donations money in their pocket
and Foundation money opens three billion
dollars people gave it to us out of our
house yes you want to disrupt that
system did he want to disrupt a
Democratic Party so that they couldn't
win are you insane he's you say he's way
to the left of you you say he's more
progressive than you so why would he
want to disrupt progressives from
winning you're the one who's disrupting
progressives for winning by the way by
not winning it's amazing how they turn
reality on its head so I'm gonna ask you
guys a real simple poll question Hillary
Clinton lost the general election
because of a Bernie Sanders B Hillary
Clinton hey man go out there and vote
TYT Network comm slash lost you never
know Hillary supporters tell me that she
has a enormous base of support maybe
she'll win the poll maybe people think
she lost because of Bernie Sanders are
not because of her they'll say all that
poll is not fair obviously she lost
because of her exactly one last quote
from
book I'm proud to be a Democrat and I'm
and I wish Bernie were to watch the
Young Turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm /join
