while the u.s. sits at the edge of its
seat waiting to see whether or not
Donald Trump will discontinue the daca
program which of course allows for
undocumented people who came to this
country extremely young to stay in the
country and obtain workers visas there
are executives at Silicon Valley who are
calling for Trump to not in the program
because they know that it would have a
negative impact on their businesses and
also the US economy now Mark Zuckerberg
has been extremely vocal in supporting
daca and he got together with other
executives in Silicon Valley in order to
put to put forward a letter letting the
White House know how these executives
feel so Silicon Valley executives
coordinated by Mark Zuckerberg is
immigration reform group forward us have
published an open letter in support of
daca the letter is signed by hundreds of
tech CEOs including leaders at Google
Amazon lyft Twitter snap and Facebook
just to give you a little taste of what
that letter says dreamers are vital to
the future of our companies and our
economy with them we grow and create
jobs they are part of why we will
continue to have a global competitive
advantage and to give you some specific
examples Microsoft shared in a blog that
27 employees are beneficiaries of daca
more than 97% of dreamers are in school
or in the workforce 5% started their own
businesses
65% have purchased a vehicle and 16%
have purchased their first home at least
72 percent of the top 25 fortune 500
companies count daca recipients among
their employees yes so this is exactly
what Steve banning can't stand yeah in a
now famous interview he did with Donald
Trump of all people during their
primaries and on a show that he had on
Sirius XM he said you know shouldn't we
get rid of these immigrants I'm
paraphrasing here happy to have you look
up the exact quote because it's even
worse when you like you almost can't
believe you saying it shouldn't we not
have these immigrants in Silicon Valley
and Trump to his credit which I don't do
often said no they're successful that's
fine right and c-band said no no there's
too many Indians
nation's CEOs and in Silicon Valley says
something like this two-thirds of of the
CEOs which is of course not remotely
true but he any said they don't share
our culture right what does that mean
that means I'm racist and I hate Asians
and-and-and an Indians because I view
them as superior to me they keep getting
the jobs I wanted and since I'm a loser
I'm gonna take it out by being racist
against them right and and the context
of that conversation was in regard to
the h-1b visas so those are Silicon
Valley companies that bring in skilled
tech workers from other countries to
come and work at their companies and so
they don't come in here illegally they
apply for these visas they get those
visas and they work so Bandhan doesn't
even want that and in the case of daca
and these you know dreamers they're they
were brought into the country when they
were extremely young they built their
entire lives here in the US and the only
country that ever they've ever known and
they're highly vetted and they
contribute quite a bit to society which
is why the Obama administration decided
to you know create this daca program to
give them workers visas and hopefully
push for comprehensive immigration
reform but we elected Trump and that's
unlikely to happen yeah yeah I was gonna
say agreeing with your point this is
clearly not anything about economic
imperative or incentive it is very
clearly a white supremacist agenda
because it's it doesn't help companies
as I said have a global economic sort of
edge and even if we're thinking about
the rebuilding that's gonna need to
happen after hurricane Harvey blue color
on skilled workers mostly coming from an
undocumented population are going to be
in deep need because most of the folks
who want to work in Silicon Valley can't
compete with Indian or East Asian or
other South Asian populations they don't
want to take the other jobs so you know
this clearly is either about like
hardcore white supremacist supremacist
racism and or maybe Trump's like very
narrow plutocracy if he's gonna try to
find a way to just you know look out for
him and his people but again
this doesn't fall into line with any
kind of economic liberalism sort of
argument at all yeah because they catch
a lot of their arguments in terms of
we're gonna help the regular Americans
right so one of them is will create jobs
wellhere's and then normally because
they take a lot of donor money they'll
turn around and say the only way to
create jobs is just do whatever
corporations want in this case the
corporation's say look we can create
more jobs if we have these people in the
country they go no in this one instance
screw the corporations because I've got
to appease my base if you were wondering
why I'm talking about Stieb and now that
he's out of the White House well this is
this is the same strategy just because
man is out of the White House doesn't
mean that Trump is not doing the same
exact strategy that he did before I feel
to my base pretend that their real
problem is the Mexican immigrant who
just crossed the border do you think you
know or these kids who were brought in
from long time ago they didn't make a
choice as an adult to come here but
they've been living here the whole time
do you think like so what they're trying
to do is get you to be fearful of them
because they're gonna take your job and
and to begin to hate them because and
resent them right and that's why Steve
Bannon in that interview talked about
like how they're getting these CEO jobs
and they shouldn't have that like he's
seething with resentment but really
you're you're Trump voter out there you
were this close to becoming CEO of
Microsoft until the immigrant took your
job right it's preposterous and you'd be
a thousand times better off actually
sort of fighting against the windmills
doing many different first of all voting
for a increase in the minimum wage which
actually could affect your wages and get
representatives in there vote for
infrastructure projects that could get
you a job
so vote in the right direction in that
sense right and and then and then
honestly work hard and so you don't have
to worry about anybody else below you if
you're working your ass off and you
might say oh well that sounds like a
right wing position great and if you're
a right wing or listening to that okay
work hard get a job and move on up and
don't worry about oh that guy crossed
the border a second ago or that kid was
brought in when he was three years old
he's gonna be my competition if you're
awesome you don't have to worry
about the competition you don't see me
worrying about any other online hosts
support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
