because we now live in a weird world
where our social media influence is
almost more important than our education
people are buying Instagram verification
now this isn't something that you can do
through Instagram in fact Instagram
itself has a very strict policy against
this and if they find any of their
employees playing a role in these bribes
they will go ahead and fire those
individuals however there are usually
middleman middlemen who don't work at
Instagram and then easily bribable
Instagram employees and what they do is
try to buy this verification or help
individuals buy the verification if
they're trying to have more of an
influence on social media so the fee is
anywhere from a bottle of wine to
$15,000 and that's according to a dozen
sources who have sold verification
bought verification for someone else or
directly know someone who has done one
or the other now it's a status symbol
the blue emblem can help people gain
legitimacy in the business of influencer
marketing and bestows some credibility
within instagrams community of 700
million monthly active users
now James who is someone who does this
as a side job for a living and he did
decide to go by his real first name when
Mashable interviewed him says it all
comes down to money and who you know
it's sad but it's kind of how life is
you know that's true James would find
people who would pay for verification
and his friend on the inside of
Instagram would make it happen he says
I've sold verifications anywhere from
fifteen hundred to seven thousand
dollars so it looks like that in his
case at least his guy inside Instagram
gets to twelve hundred dollars for
making it happen and and that's not
guaranteed I'll get to that in a second
and then he adds a little bit of money
on top or maybe a lot of money on top so
the two things that drive the price are
how how much you want it so they kind of
judge like does this guy need it for
business interests how desperate is he
to get it so if you're trying to get an
Instagram verification you don't deserve
be cool okay to lower the price and how
easy or hard it is so if you're a person
that might be verified anyway well then
they're gonna charge you less but if
you're like random Joe Schmo dentist but
you're trying to impress your friends in
Tuscaloosa well that's gonna cost you
more random dentist in Alabama but
anyway so that that's part of what's
what's driving this but it's it's a
great story about where we are in
America because God we just need that
Fame even if it's just a little blue
check for some people it's about Fame
but the reality is people have built
businesses around Instagram advertisers
will cough up significant amounts of
money if someone is considered an
influencer with a large following who is
verified and they'll go ahead and pay
them per post per you know per post and
also per product that they peddle out
there and I don't I don't know what to
say about it it's just it's devastating
it's devastating because it's nothing
matters anymore
is distraught to find out that the world
is full of fakes and posers right I'm
more distraught because all the things
that I thought mattered and gave people
legitimacy don't matter at all mm-hmm in
fact they will work against you right so
if you're a dumb and right you know say
terrible things about certain groups of
people like Tommy Lauren does you'll get
a TV network job right or get the
presidency or presidency if you're an
educated person who wants to be fair and
make rational statements no one cares
about you and you'll be shunned like
you're boring go away yeah if you want
to buy yourself a Tours verification no
problem right right
so Instagram who's trying to root it out
and by the way they do go through a
process you they can't guarantee it - so
the guy who is on the inside writes up
an application and then has to submit it
so those bosses could be like wait why
are we giving this dentist verification
for what eight so it does get rejected
from time to time so it's Anna's
probably right it's mainly people in the
industry
we were just trying to get that extra
boost by getting the verification yeah
I'm gonna go a little academic on y'all
for a second and I don't mean to just
like bash on capitalism all day but John
Stuart Mill he was a philosopher who
very much was in favor of capitalism but
it wasn't called capitalism back then
but he was talking about some of the
consequences of a system like this and
one thing he said which was really
interesting is that it assistant of
Commerce that he called it you will have
and inspire charlatans so the idea that
that you were going to have people who
are gonna fake it just to make it is
inspired by the sort of model and system
so I don't see this any different from
like a designer handbag or a designer a
car you'll have people who make fakes
out there right and I know it's really
sad that we're doing this for $15,000
but it's still kind of part of its
transferred into another realm that's a
good point
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
