in 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue
and what followed was a bloody greed
field cataclysm of slavery dismemberment
extortion rape child trafficking
biological warfare beating living people
to dogs and general mass murder so then
he got a federal holiday
can we not Los Angeles has just ruled to
change Columbus Day to indigenous
peoples day some people are pissed off
about the move but not only was la
totally right to make this decision
other city states and the whole country
would be wise to do the same questions
over the validity of Columbus Day have
been stewing for decades and it's time
to put an end to it for good Columbus
Day is not a great pillar holding up
American history it's the half deflated
bouncy castle of American history
despite what you may think this holiday
is only 80 years old William Shatner is
older than Columbus Day he's a much
better example of a bold Explorer and he
was just on a soundstage Julie Andrews
is older than Columbus Day MARY POPPINS
y'all both Sean Connery and Dame Judi
Dench stars of my James Bond time-travel
fanfic are older than Columbus Day it's
so recent and such an oversight the only
reason the holiday was made official was
because back in 1937 a group of Catholic
men pressured FDR into declaring a
holiday celebrating a Catholic male role
model it's also generally taken to
celebrate italian-american heritage I
have good news for you though LA voted
to name the day after indigenous peoples
day Italian heritage day and the entire
month of October is Italian heritage
month if you are Italian and proud of it
you can untie yourself from historical
leaving murderer Christopher Columbus
and instead celebrate the over 5.4
million Italians who immigrated to the
United States since 1820 or Amerigo
Vespucci who this country is actually
named after you don't have to let one
horrible person be the Bannerman of your
pride sad truth is with the information
age we've become very aware of what
Christopher Columbus was if you don't
count the native people and I don't see
why you wouldn't unless you don't like
to count inconvenient non-white people
and don't see the irony of shouting we
will not be replaced at the people who
lived here first
Erikson got to the New World centuries
before Columbus yet you don't see
Americans celebrating him every year
with joseph mede Columbus did not
convince the world that the earth wasn't
flat this was commonly known since the
time of the ancient Greeks as early as
6th century BC yes Columbus mapped the
coasts of Central America and South
America but he never even set foot on
North America he spent his life
believing he discovered Asia he should
be remembered not for his incredible
discovery but for doing things like
demanding food gold and sex with women
of the Lucayan people of the Bahamas
then chopping off ears noses and hands
and again feeding dismembered but living
people to dogs until he got his way he
forced people to labor
he sold women into sex slavery and noted
young girls could fetch an even higher
price he chained people to ships and let
hundreds of them die he's responsible
for disease and starvation that claimed
lives estimated in the millions
according to US history calm even his
most ardent admirers acknowledge that
Columbus was self-centered ruthless
avaricious and a racist this man does
not deserve the same national
significance as veterans Martin Luther
King jr. George Washington or even Labor
Day Joe a Labor Day mascot I literally
just invented when we get new
information we should be able to make
better informed decisions a change of
mine and culture should happen to keep
something just because it's the way I
always thought it was is a stupid
rationale and shows your inability to
adapt and apply critical thought
I'm not saying Italian Americans and
Catholics shouldn't be celebrated nor
that any race of people are innately
better than anyone else I'm saying that
while all groups of people divided by
race or religion or gender or geography
or whatever are imperfect Christopher
Columbus as an individual was a shitty
person unworthy of our national
celebration perhaps a group of people
who I don't know maybe lived on this
land for thousands of years and have
been historically displaced and
disenfranchised by the rest of us
deserve a little respect
they certainly deserved more than that
asshole Columbus and while we're on the
subject how about replacing one of those
Confederate generals with a statue of
Captain Kirk I'm Kym Horcher I wrote
this you could follow me on twitter at
at kim
scorcher on instagram at kim Horcher and
on facebook at kim more official
