president Trump desperately wants to
brag about his heroics in Texas now he
went down but did not go to the heart of
Houston or the affected areas he was in
the perimeter and Texas governor said
look that was so he wouldn't get in the
way of the rescue effort says fair
enough and also to make sure that he was
out of harm's way
you know maybe too much rain falls on
the president we can't have him get too
close to harm but no the White House
still is gonna put out a statement
saying about how he witnessed things
firsthand and they attach a picture
which makes this story enormously
comical here it is they say after
witnessing firsthand the horror and
devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey
my heart goes out even more so to the
great people of Texas and they attached
a picture of him looking at a map which
I'm pretty sure is not first-hand
experience in Houston
I too have looked at a map of Houston
I've seen lots of pictures of the
flooding that doesn't mean I experienced
it firsthand so of course everyone on
Twitter started making fun of them
including uh I can give you does let
just give you one this one was fun so
here's person who wrote in here I am
witnessing the majesty of the Grand
Canyon firsthand it's amazing and it's a
picture of a Google map now in case
you're wondering wait now Jake are you
sure they are referring to that picture
and not when he was down in Texas
generally well Sarah how could be
Sanders in her explanation of this
pretty much confirmed yeah they were
talking about looking at the map and
talking to other people who had been
there
she said he met with a number of state
and local officials who were eating
sleeping breathing in the Harvey
disaster first of all a really weird
thing to say but in other words he met
with people who were there he talked
extensively with the governor who
certainly is right in the midst of every
bit of this as well as the mayor's from
several of the local towns that were hit
hardest and detailed briefing
information throughout the day yesterday
talking to a lot of people on the ground
that certainly his first-hand account no
actually that's the definition of a
secondhand account that means he was not
there he talked to people who were there
on the phone and looked at maps you've
had we looked up the dictionary
definition of secondhand account and it
says not directly known or experienced
obtained
from others which is exactly what Sarah
Huckabee Sanders described look if
you're gonna go go if you're gonna go to
the heart of it and experience it
firsthand great he didn't talk to any of
the victims when he was in Texas anyway
that probably would have been a decent
idea to do he bragged about the size of
his crowds which was a incredibly
shallow ridiculous thing to do instead
of empathizing with the victims when he
was down there but the thing with Trump
is that he can never stop digging he's
in a little bit of a holy site no hold
on I got to make this thing larger surco
you want to see my first antique Spears
what you said here's me looking at a map
Oh for Christ's sake
stop digging if you liked this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network com /join
