we've got a legislature in Missouri and
as of course he's Republican he's a
state representative Warren love and
he's very mad that an unidentified
vandal threw paint on a Confederate
Memorial that was in the Springfield
National Cemetery
now do I think that they should have
done that no I don't think they should
have done that first of all I think the
monument should be in places like
cemeteries I think that's fine I don't
want them on public land and I don't
want them in front of our courthouses
ORS or state houses I don't want them
anywhere near the law I don't want them
as intimidation of African Americans but
I think that putting them in a cemetery
makes sense and don't take the law into
your own hands so so when representative
says this is totally against the law I
agree with him and if he had left it at
that of course there'd be no issue at
all but he didn't leave it at that he
just couldn't help himself so he added
on top I hope they are found and hung
from a tall tree with a long rope
National Veterans Cemetery in
Springfield Missouri okay did it escape
your attention the lynchings that
happened of African Americans and in
fact the things that the Confederates
stood for and celebrated and don't say
they didn't if a slave ran away they
would be lynched the Confederacy wanted
to protect slavery they eroded in almost
everything they said it was for slavery
and if you think it was for states
rights it was for the state right to
hold slaves and a part of holding slaves
against their will is that you murder
them if they disobey you so I'm going to
show you some disturbing pictures but
this is why it's important to have this
context because when this when a guy
like this in today's America in 2017
saying that people who are so offended
by Confederate monuments that they do
something they shouldn't have done but
it's just paint it's not actually human
beings lives that they should be caught
and for what a misdemeanor should be
hung by the neck let me show you what
hanging by a neck looks like that was a
lynching from back in the day
unfortunately not as long back as as we
would like and here's another one this
is what it looks like when you
are found and hung from a tall tree with
a long rope as representative love said
and one last one and it is incredibly
disturbing to look at but yes that is
what happened in America so when you
reference it it is disgusting and you
should be reprimanded for for that you
know from time to time the right-wingers
say oh well he's got freedom of speech
yes he does
but he doesn't have the right to
represent all the people in his district
and he doesn't have the right to say
outrageous things like this and then be
popular and then be approved and be
reelected so if you live in his district
understand what this ban is about so
then of course realizing well I might
have made my racial animus a little too
obvious he tries to walk it back in an
absurd way he says Oh lynchings no no no
no it's got nothing to with lynchings he
says that was an exaggerated statement
that you know a lot of times is used in
the Western world when somebody does a
crime or commits theft that's just a
Western term and I'm very much a Western
man you know I wear a coat you know III
just Western and you know I'm the cowboy
of the capital all right you'd take it
anywhere you like if you think that he
thought he was celebrating the hangings
of people who stole things in the West
first of all that's not such a great
thing either but in the context of an
attack on a Confederate Monument if
that's not what he intended he has a
funny way of showing it and boy is he
enormous ly ignorant if that is not his
intention either way it was a terrible
thing to say and yes it matters yes it
matters if you deeply offend people
because of what their ancestors went
through and not ancestors from thousands
of years ago but their grandparents and
some of their parents were terrorized by
this in their lifetimes so just be a
little bit more decent it's not too much
to ask for if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership
uit network.com slash joy
