well sad to report today that the the
blaze has had layoffs now a little bit
of shot inverter here I have to be
honest and I'm going to show you some of
the predictions I made about this but of
course at that is actually human beings
most of whom are total right-wingers but
not all have been laid off so not
everybody in a note published by a back
to the blazes website the company
founder said that more than 20% of the
combined workforce of mercury radio arts
and the blaze have been let go mercury
radio arts as Glenn Beck's organization
which the place is a part of now
remember this is a second round of
massive layoffs the blaze made a similar
move last year as they let go of an
estimated 40 people in April of 2016 now
look it's not just a haha told you
although I did not write fine I'll do a
little told you here a little one to
start with at least this is me from
yesterday I had no idea this was coming
but this is what I said yesterday on an
unrelated story to be fair it is hard
out there for not only pimps but also
for conservative commentators because if
you're not on Fox News
there's the blaze which is a blaze it's
about to go down and it's in financial
ruins so look the reason why it's an
important story is because consumers
always yelling not the case almost all
conservative media and honestly with the
exception of Fox News Fox News is actual
real business and they are very
profitable but with that notable
exception almost everything else is in
deep financial trouble does not make
money loses a ton of money and often
just propped up by right-wing
billionaires even rush limbaugh Oh
legendary Rush Limbaugh no he is a ton
of money in quote-unquote advertisements
from right-wing think tanks that's a way
of keeping him on air to do propaganda
and now Tommy Lauren just went to Fox is
that was a story yesterday
she used to be at the place and where
did she stop in between a Trump super
PAC where she was literally paid to do
propaganda where does the blaze end and
a super PAC begin and FoxNews end you
know it seems to be one big continuum
again Fox News does do a decent job of
actually serving their audience
understanding and running it as a
business as opposed to all these other
publications Breitbart loses a
tremendous amount of money is totally
unsustainable almost none of their
publications would be in business if
they didn't have rich sugar daddies who
wanted tax cuts and wanted marketing for
those tax cuts and deregulation now I've
been pointing this out for a long time
so I can't resist one more clip here to
show you that these businesses are not
sustainable and and by the way when Beck
came out of the gates and said oh yeah
I've got 300,000 subscribers right away
it was never true he never moved the
number of years later he still said it
was 300,000 it wasn't 300,000 back then
it isn't 300,000 today you have got to
stop listening to right wing
commentators as if they're telling you
things that are true they're just doing
propaganda and including for themselves
the none of that stuff is verifiable and
the fact that this guy's taken seriously
is unreal so this is me a while back
explaining that phenomena and you see
the things I got right and wrong watch I
I know I shouldn't do this the reason I
shouldn't do this is because I love
predictions I think I have an excellent
track record on predictions when it
comes to timing of predictions that
track record is not as good all right 18
months I'm putting it on the clock yeah
go ahead start the clock there's no
clarkster 18 months before we hear what
you see with it what had happened was
and then this happen and then but then
we didn't know but everything was going
great everything was going great but
then he has enormous staff over there I
know how much things cost I know how
much things bring in and it done that up
it done that up and so my guess is at
some point within the next 18 months
they're gonna come out and be like well
the blaze
going great and then this happened and
then that happened but what no Jake
wasn't right it was something else that
happened in the meanwhile but maybe and
we're closing up shop I could be wrong
uh well I haven't proven right yet and
I'm gonna do a double told you there and
then what is great.i a great irony I
will grant you I was right that the
blaze is in massive trouble and I was
right that I would get the timing wrong
okay bounds of reason okay I'll but like
I told you the meaning of that clip
be wary of my timing although my timer
yesterday on that clip was pretty good
but yes this is not the end
unfortunately this is the beginning of
the troubles for the blaze and two
rounds of layoffs but it's not they're
not nearly done yet they've got a power
down massively because they cannot oh
the things they had said about the
amount of revenue they have and the
amount of supporters they have and the
amount of viewers they have was never
true they're just not that large help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
slash join
