US defense secretary Jim mattis has
stated that those who are openly serving
as transgender in the military can
continue serving pending a study to see
what the impact would be to ban them now
there will be a panel involved and
according to what mattis has to say
once that panel reports its
recommendations and following my
consultation with the Secretary of
Homeland Security I will provide my
advice to the president concerning
implementation of his policy direction
in the in term current policy with
respect to currently serving members
will remain in place so keep in mind
Donald Trump tweeted randomly out of
nowhere that he intended on banning
transgender individuals from serving in
the military there were no details
there wasn't a well-thought-out plan the
Defense Department was caught off guard
by those tweets later on though Trump
signed on Friday a memo reinstating a
ban on transgender people serving in the
military which was lifted under
President Barack Obama he left mr.
mattis to decide whether those already
in the Armed Forces
would be allowed to continue to serve
and so it seems like mattis is kind of
standing up for our military members who
are transgender we'll see how it plays
out in the future but I did not expect
well I guess I should expect him to be
the voice of reason here yeah well not a
lot of voice of reason the Trump
administration but okay first let me
clarify because I feel like there a lot
of the press is reporting this as
Madison's disagreeing with Trump and
there is a chance that he will and they
into Anna's point it when Trump first
tweeted about this the Joint Chiefs of
Staff and mattis were like we were not
consulted so and no order has been given
so we're not going to give it so we're
not going to to actually implement that
so that clearly seems like they're
saying we disagree that is where it
comes from and I get the sense as Anna
does that they do disagree now having
said that they're not in in in their
their acts are not showing that what
they're saying is there's three
different layers to this Trump tweet
means absolutely nothing you do
you in this case but you could actually
do a pardon through a tweet which is
unbelievable you're not supposed to
you're supposed to go through a
procedure which Trump did not follow in
our BIOS case but for things that apply
in the military you must go through a
process
you can't just tweet it and so they're
like we never heard of the second I
don't know how to react to this tweet
it's not part of the regular parts so
second step is Trump actually giving an
order which he did Friday which is what
Anna just pointed out
okay now we're actually have something
in motion then the second step is mattis
has to figure out as a defense secretary
how to apply it
now if mattis was aligned with Trump he
might have come out and said oh we're
definitely going to get rid of those
folks we just have to figure out how and
we'll get back to you on the strategy
instead he's coming out saying no we're
not going to disrupt the forces which by
the way is the logical thing to do and
we're gonna let those folks serve for
now then we'll come up with a pop you
know the the particulars of the policy
and implement it exactly and keep in
mind there are between 4,000 to 10,000
members of our military who identify as
transgender and so just banning them and
getting rid of them would be a really
dumb idea especially considering the
fact that you'd have to replace those
people with individuals that are not
banned or deemed banned by Trump and so
you'd have to retrain those people that
takes a considerable amount of resources
this is all just a dumb idea that
obviously panders to Trump's base who
was which was growing increasingly
frustrated with the fact that there were
no legislative wins Healthcare had just
failed the repeal and replace of the
Affordable Care Act to just failed and
so Trump's like I don't know well how
can I pander to my base let's ban the
transgender people from from our
military yeah and unfortunately for his
base this will probably work so first of
all think about how badly they've
treated these people who offered to
sacrifice their lives for our country
and so Obama said it's okay you can
serve in the military so a lot of people
who were transgendered came out and they
said okay I'm transgender and then Trump
comes in
just kidding we're now now that you
outed yourself we're gonna throw you out
of the military so madness again is
doing the right thing by saying wait
let's figure this thing out and and and
second of all to Anna's point it costs
according to one study at least a
hundred million dollars to kick them out
and to recruit new people train them etc
so it cost us almost ten times as much
Trump claimed it was gonna save us money
now is this basically to hear any of
those finer points no all they're gonna
hear is Trump against transgender people
me against transgender people me think
this is weird me used to normal people
they think you know what I'm saying
so they're not gonna hear that the
defense secretary and the Joint Chiefs
are potentially against it they're not
gonna hear that it's gonna cost more
money they're just gonna hear hate and
go me like the sound of that so for his
base it'll probably work no matter how
fully foolish it is and how unsupported
it is by the rest of the government if
you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
