new leaked screenshots of chat
conversations of the neo-nazis that
planned and organized the
Charlottesville hate rally indicate that
some of these marchers not all but some
of them were planning on violence now
these are private chats that were done
on a platform known as discord and
someone had screenshot of them and
shared them with the media now those who
are behind the rally in Charlottesville
say that they appear to be authentic
however they are reiterating that they
did not support violence in fact they
said over and over again they did not
want people to engage in violence during
that protest so let me be clear that's
what the organizers of the rally claimed
that's right and but the the screen
captures are not necessarily the
organizers but people planning to attend
the rally this unites the right rally so
so in private chat channels they shared
advice on weaponry and tactics including
repeatedly broaching the idea of driving
vehicles through opposition crowds after
the vehicular attack which killed
counter protestor Heather Hayes users of
the channel actually celebrated the
event now there's no indication and
there's no way of verifying that the man
who ran through that crowd with his car
was reading these chats or was involved
in these chats however the fact that
there were individuals who planned on
using violence is notable especially
when you consider the type of dialogue
that we're seeing among politicians
right now in regards to the events that
day now hundreds of screenshots of the
exchanges were released this week by
unicorn riot a left-wing activist group
which said they were shared by an
anonymous source the records also
included audio recordings of planning
meetings and another thing to keep in
mind is after Heather Hayes lost her
life
Heather hire so I'm sorry Heather hire
lost her life they made fun of it by
making memes about it so here's an
example of that all
posted by unicorn riot attendees of
unite the right in charlottesville
discuss legality of plowing into
protesters with a vehicle less than ammo
this is less than a month before the
rally so this is just memes you know
broaching the topic and then later on
they made memes making fun of what
happened to Heather hire okay so by the
way we say there's no evidence that
James Alex Fields had seen or
participate in those there's also no
evidence that he didn't so that doesn't
mean you should hold him responsible for
that of course not or hold these people
responsible for what Fields did but the
jury's out on that and there's gonna be
a case against them and they might find
out yet that he did see those things so
it is interesting as we've told you all
along that fundamentalists are are the
same no matter what religion or
political ideology that they have they
believe in violence and so we saw the
radical Islamic terrorists in in Europe
running over people with cars and
reacted with horror they saw that and
thought oh that's a good idea
so when we do our own hate rally maybe
we should run over protestors with our
vehicles and so that's how they flock
together so and and look the the radical
Muslims are right-wingers in the Muslim
world they're not liberals they're not
reformers they're not progressives
they're believed in their what they call
their heritage their culture does that
sound familiar
they're fundamentalist and they believe
in violence and now the right-wing
fundamentalist in this country have also
adopted their specific tactics and they
encourage it before the March and now we
know of course that that is exactly what
happened in the March we don't yet know
if that's a coincidence or maybe fields
thought hey I'm a Nazi and so like those
Muslims that I hate I say that I hate I
love what the radical Muslims do I'm
gonna do the same thing so since they're
all fundamentalist they think alike or
maybe they just encourage each other Ya
Ya Ya let's commit murder terrorism is
all
and by the way we hate Muslims because
they're terrorists a little ironic to
say the least
look I don't know about legal action
about the people who posted memes
I don't so let's leave that aside even
if fields was in the room in those chat
rooms even if you saw it even if it
encouraged them I'm not sure that you
should hold those people responsible
legally for posting memes or speaking
out there again there's the issue of
inciting violence but for the moment
being I think the most important thing
is this is who they are so we can
certainly condemn them in the sphere of
public opinion that this is not Oh golly
gee we don't we never thought about this
and somebody just happened to run over
the counter protesters no it's something
you contemplated or some of you
contemplated that's who you are help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
