I another handle of my high school and
oh I actually now wow I had forgotten
how many times I ran for office
unsuccessfully
now I worked my ass off but back then I
was super lazy and they all knew it
they're like fuck that no weights we're
voting for jank and Jason also everybody
knew was brilliant and the hardest
working team but you were good enough to
be an honor society so of the 1% you
were like the laziest of the 1% no Stevo
was ok we went to the same high school
no no joke Stevo was considered a not
among the Nerds we had a huge public
school we had 700 students in our class
and Steve and I were got number 1 and 2
for laziest and when they did that
senior year thing where they vote most
likely be successful yada yada I think
Steve won and I was number 2 the whole
school
