reported last week I believe it was that
Joshua Witt who you can see here in this
photo who made a complaint that he was
stabbed because someone in the place
where he was his story was that they
went up to him and told him he was look
like a Nazi and so they stabbed him you
may have seen the graphic photo that he
uploaded of himself so there he is
Joshua Witt next is the graphic photo
that he showed laws apparently I look
like a neo-nazi so I get stabbed at
according to a report Witt had
originally said that on August 16 he was
exiting his car outside a Steak and
Shake restaurant when someone approached
him and asked if he was a neo-nazi and
went to stab him he claimed he was
slashed on the hand when shielding
himself and the suspect ran away
now the police found some problems with
his stories they found someone that fit
the description of his quote assailant
but they had doubts that that was
actually someone who act who
participated in any incident they also
couldn't find video of the incident he
mentioned however according to the
report police turned up video from a
nearby sporting goods store which
depicted Witt buying a knife officials
said investigators asked him about this
on Thursday and he admitted that he cut
himself by mistake while in his parked
car in front of the store the statement
said so there you go there's your update
I don't I don't understand how he cut
himself in a parked car like he wasn't
chopping onions or something no no no so
he first of all let me just say that I
report on this story when I probably
should not have so my bad there guys and
I want to let you know and the reason I
say that is I I was reporting what
others were reporting and and and I
believe I let me leave out the name of
the publication that we mainly relied on
there but that's what the police reports
were so it's not their fault it's not
necessarily my fault except for the fact
that in the production meeting we did
have a discussion about this story and
some of the other folks in the meeting
said this doesn't look right right let's
hold off on this but one of the reasons
I did it is because I don't if it was
really a leftist who was attacking a guy
because he thought he looked like a Nazi
I don't want to downplay leftist
violence and there's some today from
antiva at Berkeley and it drives me
crazy and is just as morally repugnant
yes the other side it has fascists and
Nazis that doesn't mean we should sink
to their level it means we should fight
back with every ounce of our energy
politically and morally in every way
shape and possible and I'm not one to go
soft but violence is a terrible idea to
say moral ideas counterproductive that's
why I can't cover that story what I when
it appeared that it was someone who was
attacking someone who's right-wing but
it they were the rest of the team was
right that there was something fishy
about that story and every once in a
while there and in this case it wasn't
covered by right-wing sites it was
covered by mainstream news sites okay
but every once in a while the right-wing
will get a story and they'll go nuts
over and oh well I'll come to present
covering this baby is outrageous and
then you'll find out now it wasn't that
at all and so in this case I think it's
just one particular dude who was looking
for attention
look my we don't know for with a hundred
percent certainty we know the this the
fact that Brett just gave you but like
Anna said it doesn't look like he was
chopping onions in his car he went and
bought a knife right beforehand that
would that we do know it seems like he
cut himself to get attention well
there's there's multiple ways to
interpret the events one is that he went
and was like before I get my steak in
shake let's make up a crazy story and
play it out so he goes and he gets it
cuts his hand does the photo and it's a
nefarious thing the other one is he
accidentally cut himself and then
afterwards he post this funny this thing
he thought was funny like now I'm a Nazi
but then he runs with it either way I
think the takeaway is violence isn't
good and whether this was the right
story to report on or not or it was
reported to earlier too late
I think the concern that that violence
undercuts any claims towards some kind
of moral moral authority is worth
bringing up right it's it's unfortunate
that the facts of the case change from
one day to another but I think the
priority being making sure that violence
isn't something that we do because you
lose authority after it is a good point
to make absolute
I agree and it's also an injustice that
shaken Steak and Shake doesn't exist in
Los Angeles it does it will is soon Oh
awesome bacon shakers Koretz there's
also going to be one pretty soon at the
Los Angeles International Airport ya
know so you don't have to cut yourself
to get it
I had a terminal three I believe it is
yeah weary and and you know but one
other reason why that it was in the news
and maybe I put it into this guy's head
and and made me cover the story was
because we just done story about how
McLemore will had a quote-unquote Nazi
haircut oh that's what people were
accusing him of he had no intention of
cutting his hair that way and by the way
ever since we did that story I'm looking
around in the streets a lot of people
have the same exact haircut I don't
think it's a Nazi air cut that's what I
was saying at the time and McLemore a
changes haircut anyway so there's bring
it down with the Nazi haircut nonsense
okay you know how you can tell
somebody's not see if they're wearing or
have a tattoo of a swastika okay
otherwise don't make assumptions and in
the case of Joshua Witt don't do any
self violence either and and be a
jackass and try to get attention because
sometimes the cops do good work
they find out and then you go to Jim if
you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
