joining us now is Wesley Bell he is an
American recent American hero for
reasons that I'm about to explain he
just won the case was the the campaign I
should say for a st. Louis County
prosecutor he won Democratic primary
he's running unopposed in the general
election so that means he will be the
st. Louis County Prosecutor first of all
Wesley welcome to The Young Turks hey
thanks for having me I'm a big fan
thank you thank you so there's two main
things I don't talk to you about is how
you did this how you won the election
and also what your plan and vision for a
criminal justice reform in st. Louis's
so let's handle the first one right out
of the gate you beat Bob McCulloch we
labeled McCullough the jerk of the year
in 2014 and there was heavy competition
that year as there is every year and out
of all the things terrible things that
people did in that year
I thought McCulloch basically as the
prosecutor throwing the case against the
officer who shot Mike Brown was the
worst thing that happened that year
because he actually allowed the
witnesses to lie they in the grand jury
the prosecutors supposed to prosecute
instead he presented the defense
basically and with the young turks we're
looking forward to his defeat for a long
long time and you made that happen so
first thank you okay hey secondly tell
us how you did it because you know you
said incumbent there for decades so how
did you unsee them
you know first and foremost you got a
you got to be willing to do the work and
and I and I said first when I when what
I'm about to say is just as important
you have to make sure you surround
yourself with people who are good people
who are competent and who are willing to
do the work one thing that I've always
said about campaigns is that you have to
be willing to do everything from
sweeping the floors to high-level policy
analysis and and and creation and
everything in between and and we had a
great group of people that just work
their tails off right here in our office
it's late so everybody's everyone's gone
home at this point but a lot of long
hours a lot of hard work we looked at
the votes we knew where we needed to get
our turnout and we executed that plan
and I'm really proud of the of the great
great group of people that that we had
working volunteering and just you know
getting involved in this campaign so but
there's a couple principles that you
talked about earlier that I'm really
curious about you said don't assume you
know who the voters are and redefine
voter outreach what do you mean by those
two comments well I think that
oftentimes for example when you see
polling polling is going to look at who
are your likely voters and when you're
running a grassroots campaign or running
against a 27-year incumbent as as we
were in this election you have to look
at you have to look outside the box you
have to get turnout in places that
typically don't bring out turnout and
that's what we did we focused on those
areas that we knew that we could get get
out if we went out and reached him
reached out to him I should say and so
that's exactly what we did we went into
areas such as mid County and North
County which generally will have a low
turnout and we went in ask for those
votes and and as a result there was a
record turnout and we're really excited
about about that turnout and the
excitement that was that that we saw on
Election Day you know it's interesting
that you know we had a rain you it was a
rainy day and and normally that means a
lower turnout but we really weren't
concerned because we knew that our
voters are our base was was was excited
they were enthusiastic and they were
coming and they did and we appreciate
all of them know I love that justice
came for McCullough on a rainy day in
st. Louis one day so one more thing I
mean I could talk to you all day about
how you won but but one more question on
that you say that one of the keys is to
run unapologetically progressive now
that is music to my ears but counter to
conventional
wisdom so why do you think that helps
you win I believe in being a straight
shooter I think you have to let people
know where you stand and and I think
people respect that one thing that when
I worked on the city council in Ferguson
I was elected in 2015 which was about
nine months after first and he came
Ferguson if you will and one thing that
I was always adamant about was I wanted
to explain to people exactly my position
so that if they agree to disagree they
knew where I stood and this campaign was
no different I came out and I was and I
and I was honest about my positions on
on the death penalty that our office
would not be following death penalty
cases I was honest about my positions on
cash bail and the need to reform the
cash bill system that needs to expand
diversionary programs for drug offenders
and for for those suffering with mental
health and so I'm not ashamed of my
positions I think it makes it a lot
easier when you are honest about your
positions and as they say if you are
honest if you if you're honest you don't
have to have a good memory that's right
so now let's talk about the reform that
you're planning you've been you've had a
really interesting experience throughout
your life and in different things that
you've done in this regard first of all
your dad was a police officer then
you're now criminal justice professor
you're the head of that department in
the college that you teach at you're a
public defender
so I mean you run the gamut here so as
the county prosecutor what what are your
main priorities in criminal justice
reform well you know I'll take that from
a level and we'll go into the weeds
first and foremost we want to you want
to keep st. Louis County safer obviously
but we also want to give second chances
when appropriate a really good friend of
mine a pastor as a matter of fact said
that power without compassion
there's a devilish thing and I think
it's important for us to recognize that
we can't prosecute our ways to prosecute
our way out of addiction we can't
prosecute our way out of mental health
we have to treat those issues and and so
first and foremost we're going to expand
those kind of programs those
diversionary programs because when you
give people the tools they need they are
less likely to offence we're going to
work with the local st. Louis County
judges and reassess and reassess the
cash bail system which doesn't work
particularly with nonviolent offenders
we know that when people sit in jail
even for a short period of time if
they've never committed a crime they are
more likely to now commit a crime even
with just a short stay in jail so we
want to make sure that that we are
reassessing that that system which
doesn't work we want to also continue
and I'm a big advocate for community
policing and we want to continue to work
with our local law enforcement so that
they are pushing and and and continuing
to push those reforms and implement
community policing and the list goes on
so you also work with Obama's Department
of Justice when you were a city
councilman in the area and and what you
guys did I'm just gonna read the list
and then talk to me about what you think
are the the ones that were most
effective and helped hear thorough
training for police the purchase and use
of body cams a pay raise for police
that's interesting people don't talk
about that almost at all as part of the
reforms that Obama brought in reforming
police use of force policy and the
overhaul the Municipal Court system so
what do you think have the biggest
impact among all those different things
you know what I mean that's like asking
me who my favorite kid it is you know I
think that you know the court system
reformed the reforms that we implemented
and that just means we a lot of people
contributed that we implemented in court
reform was huge because
without trust you don't have a justice
system so I do think that that's
important but also the reforms that we
brought to with with law enforcement and
that training I think those are so
important as well so it's kind of hard
to say which is more or less important
these are all these all things all go
hand in hand and yeah they helped build
that our bridge that divide between law
enforcement and and in many of our
communities and and and they're just all
so important so I'm with you on that but
so for people who are not familiar with
it what does it mean to overhaul
municipal court system overhaul it to do
what so we had to implement reforms what
we saw was a lot of of court using
tickets for revenue purposes as opposed
to using them for Public Safety and that
meant you know as a municipal court
judge I would get a case that started
off with one ticket which should be a
hundred one hundred and fifty dollar
fine fine but because of person this
court a few times and the failure to
appear fines would raise that you know
now they're looking at five six hundred
bucks and some people are struggling to
make ends meet and that's and they can't
afford it and so one of the reforms that
came about first in Ferguson and then
with the the Senate bill Senate bill
five was to remove the fines from
failure to appears and so giving people
you know giving people some relief and
and and and being able to address those
issues and in the court that that I was
in after August of 2014 we were the
first court to do universal warrant
withdrawals so we gave everyone a second
chance
gave them new court date so they could
come in and take care of their their
court related matters and then several
months later my court was the first to
implement just universal dismissals for
cases that were three to five years and
older not involving violence or a victim
and so those are some of the reforms
that we were implementing back in
2014-2015 and those are some of the
things that were implemented in the
consent decree as well as some
the local Senate bills here that were
that were passed as well that so not
only affecting Ferguson but the entire
region in a positive way and so there's
still more to do but we're still we're
still gonna keep pushing all right I
want everybody to know the website it's
vote Wesley Bell comm and the support
still matters and and and volunteering
still matters that's how we won the race
in the first place in the primaries and
donating etc I want everybody know that
but Wesley I can't help but ask one last
question because that's what I do okay
how did the police take the reform of
the use of force policy what was it
before what did you guys change it to
and have the police react to it so with
the consent decree you know that was it
that was a lot of tedious work being
literally locked in a room with members
of President Obama's Department of
Justice and working out what these
policies would look like and so what we
did was we had members of law
enforcement particularly chief Andre
Anderson at the time and now chief Moss
in the room to help us determine what
the best policies were and and I think
when when we when we had to buy in when
we had to participation I should say
from law enforcement well that brought
the buy-in so we had to sell it we had
to let our law enforcement officers know
what that policy was while it was being
developed we had members of law
enforcement contributing to that policy
and so I think we had a lot of buy-in
from our department in Ferguson and and
we continue to have that buy-in not just
with use of force but also community
engagement and and and so many things
that are important to build metrics but
what did it get changed - oh so use of
force has to be in compliance with
Tennessee versus garner and Supreme
Court rulings and so I think more
importantly what we were looking at was
a duty of candor so if if something did
happen happen with force that officers
were required to report it and be honest
about what
and and if they are not their subject
determination and not subject to they
will be terminated and so so to be clear
we didn't reinvent the use of force
rules we made sure that we were a
constitutional department that we were
in compliance with the Constitution and
that our officers were following those
policies and being honest and you know
again so that means duty duty of candor
duty to report and if they do not they
would be terminated it reminds me of
Martin Luther King he said you know look
we caused civil disobedience but the
reality is we're in compliance with
federal law the people who are arresting
us are the ones that are not in
compliance with the law so that's true
that was the law in the first place it's
the very least we can do is to help
enforce it by the people who are so job
is to enforce the law so Wesley Bell
thank you for participating in that
thank you for going to get McCulloch
thank you for finishing your job and
thank you I hope for more criminal
justice reform in the city st. Louis in
the county of san luis hey absolutely my
pleasure
you know thanks for what you all do it's
important to make sure that people are
aware of what's going on across the
country so I appreciate that and thanks
for having
