there have been some rumors indicating
that Rex Tillerson and Donald Trump
haven't been getting along there's a
little bit of saltiness in the situation
and recently Rex Tillerson was speaking
to Fox News's Chris Wallace and he kind
of added a little more fuel to those
rumors
take a look does that make it harder for
you to push American values around the
world when some foreign leaders question
the president's values Chris we express
America's values from the State
Department we represent the American
people we represent America's values
when the president gets into the kind of
controversy he does in the UN Committee
responds the way it does it seems to say
they begin to doubt our whether we're
living those values I don't believe
anyone doubts the American people's
values or the commitment of the American
government or the government's agencies
to advancing those values than defending
those values and and the president's
values the president speaks for himself
Chris are you separating yourself from
that sir I've spoken I've made my own
comments as to our values as well than
speech I gave to the State Department
this past week his rights Tillerson the
new salt bay because that's what it
seems like he's just like yeah so now
Rex Tillerson is nobody's idea of a
progressive no no the former a CEO of
ExxonMobil wild hypocrisy and on many
counts remember he's massively in favor
of fracking they started to do Frankie
and his the town where he has his
mansion he's like whoa whoa not in my
backyard so I got no love for Rex
Tillerson
but Donald Trump is such a monster and
his reaction to the charlottesville
situation was so racist that massively
right-wing Oh Rex Tillerson is like
walking out of the room backwards like
whoa I don't want anything to do with
that man that is him saying I don't
share the president's values insane okay
so also the leaks from the White House
continue and they're still speaking to
the media and apparently it's been
reported that one time recently after
Trump had returned from a meeting on
Afghanistan a source recalled Trump
saying Rex just doesn't get
he's totally establishment in his
thinking okay now
Axios has a longer story about this and
that was one of the quotes in the story
there's three different possibilities as
to the rift let me explain what parts
make sense and what doesn't so one is
they're saying that Tillerson hasn't put
time into to build goodwill with the
foreign policy community in Washington
and that he has destroyed morale at the
State Department
you see Trump's concerned that he didn't
do his job right and didn't fill enough
positions that is not my answer Trump is
the height of incompetence he's not
gonna turn around to Tillerson be like
wait a minute
have you gotten more diplomats in in
place yet that's not Donald Trump that
might be other people inside his
administration were concerned about that
but that's not his bone to pick with it
Rex Tillerson another thing that is
overlooked and and it's in the Axios
piece but should be more highlighted is
their disagreement in places like Qatar
and Venezuela Trump has his own personal
financial dealings in Saudi Arabia and
Saudi Arabia is beefing with Qatar so
Trump has said very aggressive things
against the government of Qatar Rex
Tillerson
is an oil guy he was a CEO of ExxonMobil
Qatar has a lot of natural gas Venezuela
has a lot of oil so he say maybe we
shouldn't do sanctions on Qatar and
maybe we shouldn't even new sanctions on
Venezuela because ExxonMobil doesn't
like sanctions in fact that's the whole
point of Rex Tillerson coming to the be
Secretary of State he wanted to lift the
sanctions from Russia which cost exxon
mobil half a trillion dollar deal so
that is one of the real disagreements
now the other thing is is what you just
saw out there right and and and Trump
has been leaking against Tillerson and
that's Tillerson saying both this guy is
too monstrous to defend on
charlottesville and to if you're gonna
dig at me I'm gonna dig at you I mean
this guys this was a CEO of at the time
for a while the number one company in
the world he's not used to backing down
so they're butting heads in public here
yet another administration official
which Trump is publicly throwing under
right look the infighting yeah within
the White House has been chaotic to say
the least
I mean I don't think it's unprecedented
I know that infighting has happened
before but not to this extent and so
many people have already been fired or
forced to resign there's one other small
component that I wanted to bring up
because it's not only important for the
State Department I think it's important
for the safety of the country so
Republicans keep arguing like ah yeah
we're gonna keep the country safe we're
all about national security the State
Department is obviously critical when it
comes to protecting the country and
securing our national security
however Donald Trump has still failed to
name appointments for the State
Department and it's disastrous so just
to give you an idea as of June 5th of
this year Donald Trump had only
nominated 14 people okay and you might
be thinking and only about 7 of them I
believe were confirmed you might be
thinking oh what's the big deal is that
really that bad it is bad just to give
you an idea in the Obama administration
around the same time Obama had already
nominated 37 people there are so many
unfilled positions within the State
Department because of Donald Trump's
incompetence and Rex Tillerson is the
Secretary of State so do I think that's
the primary reason for their rift no but
I'm sure it's not making the situation
any better well look on that one they're
both guilty they both have no interest
in diplomacy
dallisa didn't know no word what about
it
he was running an oil company right so
they're like he's not filling it with
any diplomats he doesn't know any
diplomats hey I know he's supposed to do
hard work also not used to that either
being a cushy executive position Trump
doesn't want to do any hard work he
doesn't believe in diplomacy that's the
one thing they actually agree on ah who
cares about the State Department the
things they don't agree on is Venezuela
Qatar and the rest so understand what
why they're actually fighting yeah and
it certainly doesn't have to do with no
he's more incompetent than I am they're
perfectly happy with the incompetence
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm /join
