so many Silicon Valley companies have
been cracking down on extremism white
nationalist white supremacy from being
on their platforms from being on their
applications and we've seen this from
Facebook from Twitter PayPal uber lyft
Airbnb and now OkCupid is tossing their
name into this company the shift towards
tighter regulation became especially
clear after the August 12th rally in
Charlottesville led to violence days
later the dating site OkCupid announced
on Twitter that it had banned a newly
famous white nationalists that white
nationalist is Christopher Cantwell you
may remember him from that vice news
documentary about what happened in
Charlottesville went viral it was all
over Facebook and everyone got to know
his name and face and he got called out
and OkCupid was very quick to respond on
Twitter they said we were alerted that
white supremacist Chris Cantwell was on
OkCupid within 10 minutes we banned him
for life there is no room for hate in a
place where you're looking for love
furthermore a chief executive at OkCupid
said we do not tolerate anyone who
promotes racism or hatred it's that
simple
at OkCupid our mission is to connect
people based on substance based on their
shared Sensibility that the privilege of
being in our community does not extend
to Nazis and supremacists Bumble another
dating application also said that it
will be working with the anti-defamation
league to ban all forms of hatred on
their platform so we're seeing this
carryover I think a lot of this comes
down to what the the chief executive at
PayPal said companies and CEOs have an
obligation maybe even a moral obligation
to stand up for values but some people
are saying guys if this is a slippery
slope let me tell you about that experts
warned that once online services start
banning users because of their views
they risk tumbling down a slippery slope
OkCupid may have had several good
reasons to ban mr. count well said Jimmy
lotto an associate professor in the
Department of journalism and
communication at Lehigh University but
once they start policing people's
beliefs online it's not unreasonable to
ask why they allow people who have other
beliefs or behaviors that are repugnant
now to that point the OkCupid CEO said
pretty pretty bluntly we do not believe
that there is a slippery slope between
banning white supremacists on OkCupid
and policing
their beliefs so to that degree two
different schools of thoughts here where
do you guys land on this I'm fine with
them not being on OKCupid I think it
saves these white-supremacist a lot of
time and money money okay if it's time
money cuz okay here's the thing yeah if
you are a Nazi white supremacist you're
definitely not leaving with that on your
first message once you've been swiped
right on you think maybe if you are I
guess that's fine it's me but then you'd
be on like date three with someone and
then you'd be like she's suck and then
it would you just be like oh god I let
it out and then they would be like I'm
sorry I can't date a self-avowed Nazi
white supremacist this is over meanwhile
you've gone to coffee drinks a nice
dinner maybe a movie that's like seven
hundred dollars you spent this is a
fictional scenario in your head though
but I feel like it's the kind of thing
that would happen if you a lot of people
go on I mean people have done this the
reason that this came to their attention
for in one instance is that someone was
on a dating app it was like oh my god
that's the guy from I think the Vice
video and said this is a guy who
elsewhere on the Internet as well as on
probably the like if it's certain ones I
think they source you're like Facebook
photo so on this guy's Facebook page
from which these photos are sourced he's
also spreading hate speech maybe we
should do something about this so he is
I think he it would eventually get to
the point where the this guy is out it
is a white supremacist and it's okay to
hate speeches on the other side of that
line yeah especially for a private
company they are allowed to draw that
line where do you land on this I mean
I'm all for restricting the privileges
of white supremacist what yeah I mean I
it's it's a clear statement I'm yeah I
mean the the the argument about the
slippery slope about beliefs I think is
a logical one but
when you're actively engaged in
promoting hate speech like you are doing
illegal shit so yeah you don't get
pretty you don't get dating privileges
yeah the Nazi stuff and the site mm-hmm
I feel like once we like deplorable
behavior like once we fought a world war
against something that category can be
like not allowed to use dating apps so
Nazis I feel like said this before I'm
sure I don't think the jury is out on
Nazis we can say that like that's hate
speech yeah so we did get them off and
also I mean just to to both the all's
point its if you if you don't like this
if you're upset with your treatment on
OkCupid not being right and you order
loud to me it's a free market you can
make your own Nazi dating app and that
way you know and that way Brett you like
you were saying you save some money
because yeah if you're on there you're
looking for other assholes OkCupid is
the bottom of the barrel if you're not
allowed on OkCupid no one's gonna date
you I don't know anything about OkCupid
someone said OkCupid I've given up like
that was their joke another question I
have about this is well then where are
you gonna find the hot Nazis who cares
yeah no but what if you're in the Nazis
what if you're like like evil boys where
are you gonna find him if they're not on
go bumble is happening and they will be
there trying to stop it that's what and
that's where you will find that I don't
know I think there's money to be made
here because I am a Jew and I will try
to make money off of these Nazis that
would be clever make an amazing dating
app and then it's run by you a Jewish
man and then just see that the conflict
that it would bring them can I run some
names by you
Oh God's potential dating as long and
it's like prison time is on the end of
this app where it's just really like
really just like a mole and like we're
gonna report them to the authorities
like you know and they like at
Department of Homeland Security is
somehow involved and then they all yeah
all right they need some help with
identifying some names Thank You grace
thank you Thank You grace instead of
JDate J hate sure anything else not I
get not a big response instead of bumble
Dumbo I was gonna say fumble fumble
there was part of this you get half the
company and then in Steve herd of coffee
meets bagel no no coffee meets bagel
it's a it's a dating app this one's just
called bagels on the media if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com / join
