Denver police have launched an
investigation after a video of a
cheerleading practice has gone viral so
we're gonna show you this video right
now but it is upsetting for some people
so viewer discretion is advised
let's take a look somebody had attacked
my little girl and people sat around and
let it happen and nobody stopped him it
first brought it up to the coach and he
said oh she'll be all right it's just a
little war wound oh is from East High
School again in Denver Denver Public
Schools announced five employees had
been placed on leave East High School
Principal Andy medals Berg assistant
principal Lisa Porter cheer coach cho's
al Williams assistant cheer coach Mariah
Clavis and school system deputy general
counsel Michael Hickam now when asked
about this by the Denver Post the cheer
coach says quote you can definitely say
that what was in the video could be seen
in a different light I would love to
tell my story but I can't say anything
else at this time the video was shot at
a June 6th practice so this was actually
a while back said Eric and Kristen
Wakefield parents of Allie Wakefield 13
the students shown in the video Eric
Wakefield said that they liked Williams
disciplined coaching style at first but
the intense practices sometimes seven
days a week were tough for their
daughter Ali's parents said they met
with mentals Berg the school principal
Williams and his two assistants earlier
this summer to talk about how to proceed
mendel's Berg said the athletic
department would assist with injury
rehabilitation that is according to the
parents then summer break happened then
they came back from summer break and it
appeared as though there weren't any
changes there wasn't any new pursuit to
find out what was going on at these
practices to make sure that there was
some oversight happening so if we
renewed complaints about the coach were
brought to the East High administrators
with no resolution the Wakefield said a
few days ago Kristen Kersten Wakefield
shared the video showing Allie crying to
a local media outlet that's where the
school system took action now for their
part the USA cheered National Safety
Council and the American Association of
cheering coaches and administrators and
said they do not condone the coach's
action and reject them to the fullest
so it sort of seems like this was a case
of something that they wanted to handle
internally they didn't want this to go
viral and then the parents got so
frustrated when they brought their
complaints they showed this video they
took it to the principal and then
nothing happened so then finally they
got burned through social media they got
burned through this mom being like whoa
if you guys aren't gonna do something
let's let you know let's put it into the
public discourse and see how they like
it and obviously people are really upset
about this video yeah I'm fine with it
okay why are you fine I'm fine with them
using that as a way to get people to
actually take knows what's happening in
the video no I think the problem is is
when you are on a team or you're in a
closed environment maybe every since
everyone else is doing it it doesn't
seem like that big an issue at the time
and other people are able to do the
splits easier or whatever but sometimes
it takes other folks looking at what's
going on to give fresh eyes on it so
everyone else says that girl looks like
she's been way too much pain and while
I'm sure when you're inside cheerleading
it seems super important that you'll be
able to do the splits but a decent
person looking at it could give you a
little more perspective to say I think
we should go a little easier on her
right well how do you feel about the mom
taking upon herself to share this video
publicly do you think that she should
have still kept trying to handle it
internally or do you think that she just
reached her point she's like nope I want
to make sure these kids are okay this
isn't okay
no you guys decide yeah I see no issue
with the exposure well it's high school
cheerleading it's not that high species
she's right and you take that back take
that grand theme of cheerleading right
if we think about it it's not that
serious and even if these techniques are
important like doing the splits
flexibility is important in the context
of being able to cheer but there are
appropriate ways of increasing
flexibility and this doesn't appear to
be one of them arguably I'm not an
expert on this but if it is she still
has the ability to say this isn't to opt
out this isn't how I want to go about
right achieving this goal and experts
have been quoted as saying this is not
the way to increase flexibility no it's
particularly because it seems as though
it wasn't just the coach it's other
folks on the team who are all kind of
participating in this MA
style yeah and she did sustain injuries
she did sustain injuries she injured
muscles and ligaments in her groin area
as well as her hamstring according to
her parents and physical therapy was
ordered twice a week so and one thing
that we know if you've stretched at all
you're pretty familiar that the way that
you get deeper into that stretch is not
from being tense as though like people
are around you it kind of reminded me of
like something out of like Rosemary's
Baby yes you know which is kind of a
weird imagery but that I horror movie
fan that's where my brain goes and I
know that when I want to when I was
doing yoga hilarious
Wow the way that where's that video
let's never find it no channel new show
on T YT its grace doing yoga please
subscribe but the way that you increase
that is through like calming yourself
right you know focusing on your
breathing that's you get deeper in the
stress it just seems like they weren't
really thinking and I agree with your
point I think they sort of just got
caught up in this in who we've got to
make sure everyone's limber we got it
they I believe the quote is limber them
up within these you know first weeks of
cheerleading make sure everyone's nice
and limber band that's just not the way
to do it I did competitive cheer yeah
I'll admit that I should have a word
with that well the pain I was trying not
to and I remember all of this like you
know you're really into the culture of
cheerleading flexibility is important
and there's pressure to have everybody
be on the same page in terms of
flexibility because you can do more in
terms of stunting and different tricks
right but everyone's at varying levels
of flexibility and if you're an expert
right a professional and apparently this
guy is pretty popular then there are
ways to achieve that safely
I remember the test for me was like
doing a back handspring and I couldn't
do it I wasn't I was I did not feel
comfortable and my coach was like look
everybody who doesn't do a back
handspring in the next like eight
seconds won't be competing and I didn't
do it right so it's in did you compete I
did not I get it that's fine I've been
cut by 19 you know allow the student the
choice to say I wanna do this and she's
I want to do this and they continue to
apply force that is what I have a
process so when I was in high school I
did some I was on the basketball team
junior varsity was pretty good hey now
um two years of junior varsity good
morning and what we did is this
conditioning thing where you do gassers
and the coach is when we weren't doing
very well or when it was gonna be a
particularly daunting practice they
weren't assuring we'd throw up but they
would pull the trash cans out and put
him by the edge of the field just so you
know you're in for it today that's one
of those things where if we stopped
doing it it would be okay if we like
kicked out before it was time to throw
up but I definitely like threw up at
practice a couple times yeah was I
traumatized well I'm not sure but I will
say I've thrown up at practices before
as well I you know everything bad that I
think I tore my ACL and a practice like
I've done things that happen to me
through basketball greats like
collegiate basketball player I think you
guys should know barely a year what I
would say is that um those the first
couple weeks of practice especially for
a high school sport where everyone is
encouraging about you're not recruited
like at the collegiate level well
actually I don't know some some high
schools are very serious those are the
most intense practices because in a
sense you do want to weed out the
players that want it that are serious
but there's still a line when it comes
to that and I think what is frustrating
here is that that line totally got
blurred and what's also worth noting is
that even though they the the employees
were dismissed they were saying that
that is just that's standard policy and
it's they did not prejudge them so that
they still are they still come back to
their positions it's that's worth noting
here but I hope that this is sort of a
cold a cold drink of water for them to
take a beating and let's examine how our
policies are moving forward so that we
have a fun and also challenging cheer
squad yeah and you can still have
discipline without doing this to someone
yeah like having practice five days a
week is discipline enough in my
to keep you know to give you the
incentive to grow as a person
yeah about holding you down as you
scream bloody murder if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
