this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm CNN does these focus
groups with Trump supporters that I
actually really appreciate and enjoy
watching because it gives you a sense of
why they supported him in the first
place and whether or not some of the
scandals that he's been involved in have
changed their minds about him
well they've recently specifically spoke
to female Trump supporters and they had
some fascinating things to say so
without any further ado let's go to the
first clip I feel at age 44 when I am
living paycheck to paycheck and
concerned about my future but more
importantly my daughters I feel like
there's a lot riding on the elections
coming up I voted for Obama in eight and
I ended up voting for Trump it was very
difficult for me but I knew at that
moment that I wanted change and for me
he represented that change what is your
plan for how you plan to vote now for
the midterms at this I plan to vote
Republican I am very confident in the
economic status of where we're at now
what Trump has done and hopefully what
he can continue to do in the future if
he has the support behind him he is a
very flawed human being but aren't we
all so it's it fair to say that you are
happy with your vote for president Trump
I'm happy in terms of the direction with
unemployment economic status that's what
I'm happy about what about all the other
stuff the other stuff to me at this
point is noise okay so her whole
argument is the economy is doing great I
am a person who's living
check to paycheck economy matters a lot
to me and so you know he's flawed but
aren't we all I want to just quickly
respond to that she's right and not
everyone's flawed we're all flawed
there's no question about that but
there's a difference between having you
know character defects character flaws
and being someone who's been accused of
sexual assault by numerous women someone
who has been on the record supporting
alleged child molesters like Roy Moore
someone who just nominated and continues
to support a Supreme Court nominee who
has been accused of attempted rape back
when he was 17 and those are just the
sexual assault allegations right I mean
the way he's handled policy the way that
he's bungled things whether it's you
know cutting taxes for the wealthy and
in a lot of ways increasing taxes for
everyone else wanting to cut social
programs that people who are struggling
economically would rely on would need
those are things that you should maybe
consider but that's the thing this I
think that her comment was a testament
to how powerful propaganda is because
and it's by the way this is not
right-wing propaganda this is just
propaganda that you see in the media
period in regard to the economy because
as we've talked about time and time
again while the unemployment rate is low
wages haven't kept up with inflation
stocks are high because of stock
buybacks people are still struggling
people are still living paycheck to
paycheck so I would my follow-up
question to her would be okay so if you
think the economy has improved how did
it improve for you specifically tell me
well that's the thing they got the
voters living in fear so she's living
patient paychecks so she's so afraid
she's gonna lose what little money she
has so she's voting out of that fear I
think I really like that as CNN is doing
these segments cuz I think it's
instructive even if we don't agree with
her and I I learned something from that
and I and I think that if the economy
stumbles at all Donald Trump on the
Republicans are in a world of trouble
because it's the it's the only thing
they got left and so if the market
tumbles a little bit then people start
losing jobs and I know that it's
about two months left but if that
happens before the election who the rugs
gonna get pulled out big time and one
more quick thing here Mick Mulvaney in
the Trump administration apparently
telling donors the Trump has asked many
many times since the Alabama election
like totally puzzled hey why did wrong
or lose I just okay nope okay moving on
let's go to the next woman I'm standing
behind Donald Trump because of his
conservative values you know having the
faith-based community with him is very
important to the Latino community so yes
I am voting Republican and I did not
register ever until 2015 is that right
so yeah you had never voted
until this a presidential no I felt that
you know our faith-based community
needed support and what was it about
President Trump that made you think that
he had those Christian values he was
actually talking to faith-based
communities yes apparently all you need
to do was just say oh yeah I'm for the
faith-based communities the guy who was
on the cover of Playboy the guy cheated
on every wife he has it's a public
record with porn stars raw dog okay but
apparently no he just had to say hey I
like your church okay you got me
whatever he couldn't even quote a single
verse in the Bible people are easy to
trick in my opinion the most aware
person on the panel was actually the
youngest person and she let everyone
there is a trump voter but what this
woman had to say it was so interesting
to me because she caught on pretty
quickly anyway without further ado let's
take a look at what she has to say I
think the majority of women I don't
think that they see him as a respectful
Pro woman kind of man especially people
my age in my age demographic it's a huge
deal that he's not supportive of easily
accessible women's health care um in
terms of planned parenthood they feel
like they're losing the right to birth
control perhaps me
abortions so Ali you're not happy that
you voted is it fair is that fair
characterization yeah I part of the
reason I voted for him was because I
thought he was gonna be the one of the
two candidates to make our national
security a high priority and make us
safer on our own grounds in our own
territory but when you're making fun of
foreign leaders and being coming
buddy-buddy with a lot of Mir Putin it
it shakes me up a little bit well I'm
surprised you said actually it's the
youngest person I'm not at all surprised
by that again be grow younger people
grow up in a culture where they're used
to looking things up and older people go
oh you say you like my church fine
whatever
I'll question Allah give you my vote no
matter what okay the other person
Google's it and goes oh he's actually a
total jerk and doesn't believe any of
those values let alone the fact that
he's budding out with Putin let alone
the fact that he's enormous ly
disrespectful towards women and they're
all women so given any random panel it
doesn't mean every young person's always
gonna be right but on average the
younger people are going to be far far
more sensible because they've actually
looked up things in their lives exactly
so there is one other person who had
reservations about voting for Trump on
this panel and it has to do with the way
he's treated his wife so let's hear what
she has to say my fear with President
Trump is that his extra marital Affairs
will make it more of a norm that the
children will think this is acceptable
behavior the whole stormy Daniels thing
I don't agree obviously well with what
has gone on in the past if I could only
vote for a candidate who has been
perfect his or her entire life I could
only vote for Jesus Christ as a
researcher ankling would say who zuman
who that's not my concern they are all
adults my expectation of an elected
official is that you do the job that me
as a constituent sent you voted for you
or Eve
if I didn't vote for you all right so
some of the women on the panel seem to
not really care about it but look the
issue with stormy Daniels isn't that you
had two consenting adults engaging in an
extramarital you know thing it was an
affair they had sex once but it's about
the campaign finance laws that he
potentially broke by paying her hush
money that is a problem that is unlawful
it's illegal but the the narrative
that's out there is just oh it was just
him cheating on his wife who cares yeah
he looks the last comment is actually
the most disturbing because again they
don't know what Trump's actually doing
because if you you sent him to drain the
swamp well if the guy is the king of
corruption it's one self-dealing
move after another after another all the
money goes to the to the rich he said
he'd close the loophole for the hedge
fund guys he didn't he lied to you about
that he said he'd negotiate drug prices
with the drug companies no they gave him
money and he didn't do that it's been
one lie after another in terms of what
he said he's gonna deliver for you he
said he's gonna get universal health
care he actually tried to take away what
little health care rights you have today
it's been a non-stop steady stream of
lies and and yet somehow they didn't get
that information that's why it's so
frustrating they're all the for
supporters you sociated they're not
necessarily bad people they just don't
have the correct information but the
woman that was against him that I think
it was Annie that started in the lower
left corner
that's the Kansas mama I've been talking
about that at some point he's gonna lose
those women who are sitting at home
going really no adultery is not right
and this guy is a is a pig yeah and I
just can't take it anymore and I
wouldn't want my husband acting that way
I wouldn't want my kids acting that way
well if you look at the broader picture
and you look at the statistics he has
lost support among women that is the
demographic that he's lost the most
support from and so you could be right
we'll see how that all plays out thanks
for watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT dot-com /
join
