you'll recall when when Donald Trump
gave his remarks about charlottesville
in the aftermath of Charlotte's ville he
was flanked on either side of him on
both sides Elaine Chao was there so too
was his Treasury secretary Stephen
minuchin and Gary Cohen I point out that
they are Jewish only because it is
pertinent to this story Gary Cohen was
taken aback supposedly by the
president's remarks he stayed with the
administration as did as did Stephen
minuchin but a lot of the business
leaders on a couple of the panel's left
and a lot of the a from the ADL to the
Simon Wiesenthal Center of course the
Southern Poverty Law Center people that
speak out on behalf of those who are
slighted by hate and racism white
supremacy etc spoke out Gary Cohen
did not Steven minuchin did not well we
learned now today through the reporting
of the New York Times that Gary Cohen
had drafted a resignation letter saying
that he cannot you know apparently
because the letter itself wasn't
released that he can't countenance
staying with this administration what he
said publicly in an interview about his
standing with the Financial Times is
this I'm sorry it's yeah was this was
with the New York Times but it's through
the Financial Times citizens standing up
for equality and freedom can never be
equated with white supremacist neo Nazis
in the KKK I believe this administration
can and must do better and consistently
and unequivocally condemning these
groups and do everything we can to heal
the deep divisions that exist in our
communities as a Jewish American I will
not allow neo Nazis ranting Jews will
not replace us to cause this Jew to
leave his job and so you get the the
feeling that he's disgruntled that he
spoke up privately he said he went to
Trump's Country Club in Bedminster New
Jersey said to the president very direct
terms that he could not stand the way he
presented this but he didn't go anywhere
and Steven minuchin the most I would say
prominent Jewish member of this
president's cabinet the Treasury
secretary had this to say when asked
about Gary Cohn Gary and I have known
each other for 20 years I can tell you
I'm speaking to him every day his number
one focus is absolutely working on tax
reform with me and getting tax reform
done and Gary's committed to be here and
couldn't be more excited about that
Jimmy he said Gary's committed to be
here committed to meter couldn't be more
excited about it and he just drafted a
resignation letter also it sounds like
Washington DC right sound Spence why
stay what's it what's in it for these
people to stay is it just that they
really want to serve the country or
because they want to get a flag for look
how I got some special corporate tax
breaks for everybody or you know like
ROI got Social Security finally got the
Social Security bummer and money
invested into the wall street I finally
did it
don't let build a statue to me why does
he want to stay I'm glad you asked Steve
Jimmy because you and Steve had no idea
that this was the next thing that
there's an answer built in here this is
why he stayed mr. Cohen is known of
course he worked at Goldman Sachs to be
interested in becoming chairman of the
Federal Reserve and still sees that as a
possibility it was not clear whether he
told the president he planned to speak
to the Financial Times one person
briefed on mr. Cohen's discussions with
the president said mr. Cohen had made
clear to mr. Trump how upset he was and
they plan to be candid publicly about it
if asked mr. Cohen's remarks were in
stark contrast to a statement from the
Treasury Secretary as we said Steve
minuchin who defended the president
defended the president mister minuchin
as we said also Jewish there you go so
there I mean he wants to be part and now
if he wants to run the Federal Reserve
doesn't it
considering all these financial gurus
who have left this administration
wouldn't it kind of burnish his
credentials to leave the administration
and then Coe to the Federal Reserve what
wouldn't it yeah it would prop him up
and make him look more like a serious
actor if he did that absolutely by
people who care about who are these
business leaders who may have left don't
you think I totally agree
Stephen Schwarzman left here as a back
stone group and he's extremely wealthy
and powerful Carl Icahn left they all
left and so I don't understand Gary
Cohen I mean at what point do you put
aside your personal ambitions at what
point do these multi multi millionaires
decide you know I have enough money I'm
gonna stop working with a president who
is openly embracing the the white
supremacist groups I mean when is it I
don't understand it's not too late at
all for these and for Gary Cohn you know
I was a little bit grossed out by that
comment that he is not gonna let this
those comments replace this Jew or
whatever you said yeah
but because he is giving them than cover
because he's Jewish and he openly talks
about him being Jewish right and he's
working with Trump and and munitions
working with Trump and they're
supporting him it gives Trump the
ability to say I'm not anti-semitic
right I have to do it right here but
also in fairness hit they're saying that
by staying I'm devil's advocate in here
by staying there saying all right we're
not gonna let the white supremacist win
if all the Jews in the cabinet resigned
well you know Charlottesville went well
for the people who wanted to go that way
so it's a I understand that could I get
that should've taken the job in the
first place right right now
but I mean I get they can cut both ways
I totally got it but you know he is now
knowingly and willingly working for an
administration that is hostile towards
Jewish people and you know racist meta
races Nazis that's more that's more than
is crazy
yes it gives to the to the I guess the
atmosphere that all these politicians
have I just read this I'm gonna get to
this in a second but so steep is your
tongue rabbis so Cohn is going through
the whole thing of first he says this
letter on how he's gonna resign then
he's gonna stay anyway so which what
where you pulled the most it's because
we think it's gonna all blow over
because we've this isn't new is what
I've been trying to say a lot doesn't
new in our country so they go oh well
the American people generally don't
really don't give a shit about racism
neo-nazis they just go oh wait their
finger at them and then accept them back
into normal life because it's just a
part of our body right no it shouldn't
be but we're willing to accept it
because Society has allowed us to it's a
lot of politicians to get by by
supporting neo-nazis which we it's not
like this is again brand-new Donald
Trump is not the first racist in office
and he's not the current one of them the
only one that's currently in all
so the the house who many people came
out including Paul Ryan and said Trump
screwed up with this comments about the
equivocation of all the groups are at
fault they're putting together a
floating a resolution that says in part
they strongly condemn racism
intimidation and violence by all groups
regardless of the political affiliation
or political motivation that engaged in
such conduct including the violence by
the Klan neo-nazis and others in
Charlottesville Virginia so after all of
this talking about how horrible what
Trump just did was the House Republicans
are flirting resolution saying damn near
the same thing yeah and we're supposed
to go oh well you know they float a
resolution and they said that they
condemn it all because they think
America which it is is fuckin racist
they're reading the tea leaves are like
well we don't want to abandon our base
of racists so let's keep saying we don't
like them but let's keep saying we do
like them Trump is not is he's not the
new magician about this they've always
done this and they're continuing to do
this well I would also say this why is
it the least bit surprising that Trump
would go in this direction it's not
surprising to me at all and for folks
like Gary Cohn and SD minuchin and and
anyone for that matter who is Jewish who
is now offended by Trump my point is
were you offended when he said you know
my black guy in the audience when he
said Mexicans are rapists and murderers
can't be judges yeah I mean that was
outrageous you know I mean that's in
fact how he launched his whole campaign
by saying Mexicans are rapists and
murderers and some of them are just nice
people yeah they're fine people on all
sides everyone does it makes it as a
rapist I mean he didn't say this all
along so why is now the moment for Gary
Cohen and minion to act like they're
shocked and chagrined they should have
done all along that is what happen and
to give me an act now tonight right and
to paraphrase Dennis Green who you
probably lay may know him but I know
sort of Vikings yeah Arizona Cardinals
he Bears are who we thought they were we
thought they Trump is that's what I'm is
who he thought he was he is who he said
he was and all these people who said yes
to serving in his administration
that that's not a plum job for a lot of
these people and this guy wanted an
economic advisory wants to go on to the
Federal Reserve well of course being an
economic adviser to a president but this
is exactly what like you said yeah
that's exactly what we thought yeah and
again and this is why you have to like
kind of tackle this issue head-on
because people always think Oh someone's
being racist or hateful towards another
group that I'm not a part of so I'm not
gonna care that much it's so stupid
because they were going after Muslims
and and Mexicans early on because
they're the easiest targets and then
later on they always work their way up
to the Jews so if you're a Jewish and
this is why I think the anti-defamation
league is is establishing honor
they know that it's gonna get there you
know you start with Muslim you start
with the Mexicans you go to the trans
then you go to the Jews and you go to
the gate eventually the haters are hate
everyone that's different yeah so you
should have been shocked and outraged in
the very beginning when you're saying
this about Mexicans not wait to the end
when you saying this about the Jews like
there's a continuum the haters aren't go
after all the people that are different
they're not gonna say well we only hate
these folks those people we don't hate
can I give you a quick theory of why
these people stay why they join in the
first place is because two of the last
four RNC Chairman have apologized for
the Southern Strategy so if you're a
Republican and you're Jewish or you're a
black guy or any other ethnic minority
even a woman you're you was a log cabin
Republican that's right you're used to
isn't that something unbelievable that
log cabin Republicans they're gays for
Republicans because they want the tax
benefits it's just like a black eye
being in the Klan cuz he owns a white
sheep factory you know so what my thing
is I think these guys are used to it
right they're used to ignoring racism
inside the Republican Party they're used
to it which is what we have to do Steve
minuchin has been ignoring the Southern
Strategy his whole life so as a koan
they've all been doing it was itself a
Democrat and I don't know things like a
steroid suit there but he was a regular
blue collar guy he was a Salesman
selling antique owned used to sell
little siding and stuffy and an amazing
story about how he got his job anyway
but so I this I think that's it they're
used to ignoring it that's how the gears
if you're gonna be a successful
businessman Republican the gears work
you have to ignore the racism of your
party right and and his party now and
and a lot of the lot of Twitter's
hashtag Cohn must go they don't want to
even support someone who is even a
little bit against the president so they
are the ones that the right-wing Twitter
is the one is the group that is really
most vocally against Gary Kohner so
Michael Steele after the speaks out the
both side many sides comment and the
Michael Steele former RNC Chairman said
that the problem is that even though his
approval might be down 36% that inside
the Republican Party it's still at 80%
so what do you think about that 80% so
that's what this is I don't believe that
first of all I don't believe I think
there's been a real dent in his
popularity amongst Republicans so I
don't believe that number that's Michael
Steele spewing one thing he heard once
and certainly I don't think it's recent
I just heard a recent old I had him as
75% approval with from Republicans yeah
I mean that that would be consistent
with it I don't believe it I mean I just
like I think that that polling I'm much
more skeptical of polls than I used to
be I believe it and 75% of Trump voters
are thrilled with him still to this day
right the other twenty four twenty five
percent are mixed like yeah he's trying
he didn't do everything I would like for
him to do but overall I'm okay he has
very very high standing within his party
still I don't think I I think it's
really falling within this party I think
with with his supporters it is I don't
think it was ever entirely there within
his party so I think and you're seeing
people fall off but I think that the
health care thing hurt him a lot with a
lot of his voters if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
