I think we have to talk first about the
first major hurricane to be coming to
the United States since Katrina this is
now when they say major I don't want
everybody who lived through Sandy to not
think that that felt major but the way
that the National Weather Service talked
about it a hurricane at level three is
major and Sandy for all of its ma'am was
a level 1 hurricane so of course was it
level 1 when it hit land it was level 1
when it hit land and but it you know
that doesn't that just shows you the
power of these hurricanes Harvey is
headed for Texas right now and don't
worry because we have a president who is
off to Camp David and when asked if he
had any message for the people of Texas
he said good luck that's what the
president said he said good luck which I
mean what else you gonna say they're
about to face a hurricane but you could
say god we're thinking about them were
ready I mean he says he could have said
heck of a job brownie he could have said
heck of a job brownie well so it would
be neck of a lot job rocky because Brock
long is the head is the administrator of
FEMA he's not the director but there
hasn't been a director per se since 2003
they call the administrator this is a
serious serious threat to the people of
Texas to the Gulf Coast but it's also a
story about how we might not be prepared
that this administration does not have
the pieces in place not just at FEMA but
for what happens afterwards the EPA has
cut so much under President Trump
already that the EPA who is responsible
for the environmental cleanup when they
go in there afterwards is not
necessarily sufficient as it stands
right now to do that and as Texas will
tell you there's a lot to be concerned
about but let's talk about Brock long
for a minute because if you say alright
Brock long is now the administrator of
FEMA good thing right let's look at what
Brock long has on his resume here he is
he was the hurricane program manager at
FEMA from November 2001 to January 2006
four years three months that's according
to broth Long's LinkedIn well you know
what fall
in that little span there of hurricane
management hmm let me guess a hurricane
named Katrina that's exactly right so
you got the guy who oversaw Federal
Emergency Management hurricane program
management during Katrina who's there
now now that's not to say that he's
incapable I think that anybody would
have learned lessons from what happened
then but let's go to what we talked
about just a moment ago about the
preparedness and what there is to be
prepared for perhaps most concerning for
former government officials with
experience dealing with major storms as
brought long is the lack of leadership
and key positions at the EPA
Environmental Protection Agency an
agency perhaps less associated with
hurricanes but as we said no less
important when it comes to responding to
the environmental disasters that they
can bring further EPA is the primary
responder to Petro chemical spills along
with the state having a Regional
Administrator in place provides crucial
leadership they don't have that there
now and that Texas Gulf Coast is home to
nearly one-third of the United States
refining capacity making in an area
especially prone to a storm created
environmental disaster high winds or
storm surge could breach active
refineries or storage tanks causing a
release of chemicals or petrochemicals
into the surrounding environment when
Katrina hit in 2005 the storm surge
there inundated oil storage tanks
resulting in an estimated eight million
gallons of oil spilled into Louisiana so
and Alabama and and those waterways can
when combined with Hurricane Rita a
category three storm that hit the Texas
Gulf Coast weeks after Katrina the two
storms caused an estimated 540
individual spills so we can we can talk
all we want about oh god there's never
been a presidency like this there's
never but when the real stuff hits home
when when it matters what's going on in
our politics in Washington and this
administration Adept it seems at very
little cannot even put the manpower or
womanpower in place there to have this
to have this readiness for after the
storm
this isn't during the storm this is
after the storm how do we countenance
this
what then do with it yeah so for those
who watch the show or watch the
aggressive progressives what's that the
best show on the network okay Jimmy and
I often talk about the failings of the
Democratic Party how so many times they
are you know too close or very similar
to the Republican Party but here's where
there's a big difference
the Republicans don't believe in
government they don't believe in science
they don't want the government to have
an active role in these kind of areas
whereas the Democrats do and they are
much better prepared for storms and and
cleanup and preparedness I mean I would
argue that that the damage from these
kind of storms you know with the global
climate change is a far greater threat
to our society and our safety then then
you know terrorists so we you know Trump
wasted all this time with all the travel
bans for all the different countries and
here we have you know an administration
that is woefully unprepared to deal with
natural catastrophes that we know are
going to happen it's a matter of when
but we know they're gonna happen over
and over again and the notion that we
don't have enough leaders in place to
deal with the initial storm itself and
the inevitable cleanup afterwards this
is just appalling but you me Scott
Pruett I think about this guy I mean he
is a person who now runs the EPA who is
for the longest time advocated for the
dismantling and abolishing of the EPA so
he isn't there right now fighting with
career EPA administrators and other
employees of the EPA his whole role
there is to gut it from the inside out
right and so many people the people that
were supposed to stay there because of
the budget cuts and because of what they
say is an impossible working environment
with the administration they've resigned
and quit so there are all these empty
spaces empty seats that they're not
filling right now because they want to
bring the budget of the EPA down now the
EPA if you have philosophical
differences that this goes back to the
you know the moronic James Inhofe
climate change argument and you want to
gut the EPA that's one thing that's
crazy but that's not crazy dangerous
well it is crazy dangerous I should
correct myself it is not immediately
crazy dangerous because right now you
have an empty EPA that's not going to be
able to do hopefully they'll be able to
but but it the fears they're not be able
to do the cleanup and the proper
remediation afterwards so I correct me
if I'm wrong maybe you remember but now
I try to do though there was Hurricane
Andrew or maybe it was 91 slow response
by the George Herbert Walker Bush
administration a lot of people say
that's why he lost it to Bill Clinton
was because of he lost Florida because
was 92 it was summer of 92
yeah there's slow response to that
Hurricane Andrew was what people
credited for not for him losing Florida
because of that and you think that the
Bush's would learn from that they didn't
how could they put a horse trainer in
charge of hurricane relief ed heck of a
job brownie not only that then a Bush
won the governorship of Florida a few
years later anyway yeah so there's a
short short mammal short very short
memories so and you know Steve makes a
good point that Democrats in general are
more for government intervention and
science and stuff like this except you
know of course we've seen Flint Michigan
still hasn't had clean drinking water
since 2014 Barack Obama came in drank a
glass of water and left town so our
government has been failing a lot lately
it's going to continue to fail and the
only thing you can hope for is that the
this so the last time the Republican
administration faced Katrina and they
failed miserably we had a Democratic
House Democratic Senate and a Barack
Obama became president know how much
Katrina had to do with that I say a lot
so this is again unconference to that
point Jimmy after Katrina had George
Bush's
rate ratings fell below 40% and never
ever never recover never recovered it
was in a 30s for the rest of his
presidency and there was also a
democratic kind of a feeling that the
Democrats were right it was in 2004 John
Edwards was out there you'll remember
senator Edwards saying that there are
two Americas and what Katrina did was it
laid bare the fact that there were two
Americas whatever happened to John
Edwards that argument endured and that
helps the Democrats win the White House
that year so the
the mood was changing because people
were paying attention to that but there
was in the aftermath of that and me jr.
how many of these stories have we
covered here we're a hurricane comes
there's lack of preparedness then
there's a prepare then there's the you
know relief that it doesn't doesn't hit
but as we sat here and talked about
Sandy I mean you saw the devastation you
saw the way that even chris Christie at
that time was responding you're not
because oh look at Chris Christie
working with this Democratic president
and boosting his his numbers and trying
to get some kind of nice with him when
we added it was trying to work with way
to maybe fix what was happening because
obviously no one really expected it to
happen in that region so I was actually
wondering to the point where I was
looking up exactly what happened again
cuz all these again I was mentioning
this morning there's hurricane season so
it's not like things should surprise you
it's just probably the devastation or
the level of severity of these storms
Katrina even I think Gustav was before
it that was worse I think it was go
stuff I'd get her the names easy but
that was actually worse than Katrina's
just preparedness and in the the what
was set to contain these on the ground
wasn't set so these things happen it's
just a matter of how much we respond to
to taking care of them once they do
right and and it's early to say and
hopefully it will not have the
devastating effect but already FEMA has
said that to be prepared for that too
early to say what we've learned and
haven't learned but the mere fact that
we don't have every seat filled in in
the after math and the work for after
the aftermath of this hurricane is
unbelievable - Greg Abbott the governor
of Texas Republican governor we rarely
say a nice thing about cuz I really
don't have one to say he is saying that
everybody who is seeking shelter will
get shelter it's hard to imagine you
have to say this but he's saying even
illegal immigrants will get shelter in
Texas that you have to say it is
unbelievable but he's saying it I think
is also important so I guess it remains
to be seen what happens I it's a new
story that isn't a news story yet but I
think
one of the things that we go into this
looking at I mean from our vantage point
is what's gonna happen afterwards yeah
and again you know it's wanna emphasize
the point that government matters you
can't fight climate change by yourself
you can't you can't fight against
hurricanes by your design you need to
mobilize and you need to have government
action to direct the tremendous mental
resources that are needed to you know
house hundreds of thousands of people
tens of thousands of people to move them
to safer areas I mean you can't just do
that alone you can't create a charity to
do that you need the arm of the
government to do this and you have to
believe in government services is to
believe in science and the predictive
power of science to know when I mean we
already know as Jerry mentioned we have
a whole season of hurricanes this
happens every single year I mean and and
private industry takes into account for
it so if you go to the Gulf Coast in
certain months it's cheaper because
you're going through hurricane season
it's more expensive than high season but
we know this is happening so why are we
surprised when when you know there's a
big hurricane on its way and oh my god
we're not prepared it's unacceptable we
need to have better leadership from our
government than what we get right right
now and at TYT of course we're gonna
hold their feet to whatever fire we can
even this aggressive progressive show
probably will and and and just keep
watching because we're gonna be talking
about everything that they aren't doing
and of course citing what did go well
and maybe brought long hopefully brought
long is better than than browny who we
miss so dearly if you like this clip of
the young turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
