ESPN has moved one of their announcers
from their a game against the University
of Virginia versus College of William
Mary can go go Wahoo's go UVA and and
they they're moving him to another game
because his name is Robert Lee Reuters
today tweeted out that the SPN is moving
a Confederate Oppel ganger doppelganger
meaning somebody who is a double looks
exactly like let's let's show you Robert
Lee and Robert Ely here to show you the
doppelgangers that they are which one
was a general it wore ties so but that
doesn't get away in boats yes there must
be the guy in left so what this is you
know a ridiculous story on the one hand
because I think that the intense and and
here's what ESPN said about the intent
that ESPN had here was just to kind of
avoid any kind of controversy and they
weren't it was not a judgment on Robert
Lee but they kind of they kind of blew
it yeah so I mean at first blush it's
preposterous
so at second blush a distant and on
third was a preposterous okay not a
defense of it but I think that the only
thing I'll say the days and when I first
recognized that I was a ESPN for
Christ's sake that is so dumb so don't
don't mistake me that it there's no
question it was not the right move the
only defense of it is is that it has now
been twisted to mean they were trying to
avoid offending people and that's not
what they were trying to do and they've
said over and over again no we were just
trying to not catch grief like hey you
knuckleheads why'd you put a guy named
Robert Lee at the NBA game haha you're
so stupid for arranging it like that and
partly based on their statements they
keep saying we mutually agreed we were
trying to protect him which I believe by
the way I mean listen this dad would
have had to this had it's clear I think
this guy would have had to endure a lot
of grief a lot of memes a lot of tweets
a lot of you know and for them to say
why don't you just do the other game I
mean they're I could see it being matter
of fact why did he press release it I
hear you on all that and when I heard
this the only press released the
response isn't didn't they only
represent
why why they made it worse by making it
a story so that it lead in the morning
shows like today's show did a thing on
PR and here we are in the evenings still
talking about it and it's become a
bigger story you know I I live in a town
that has a statue of sportscaster Robert
Lee and we're gonna have it take it down
yeah and no one is gonna play The
Jeffersons anymore on TV because no all
right one of the statues by the way they
went to gopher day was Thomas Jefferson
so it's all right rally that's hence the
reference to the Jeffersons but anyway
last thing on this is that look ESPN
probably hasn't dealt with a lot of this
a little bit around the edges it's
because some conservatives think Aaron's
too liberal
they called him MS ESPN okay now the
reason for that is like they remember
they had Rush Limbaugh and they had to
let him go because he made racist
comments one he made racist comments if
you think making racist comments is no
big deal if the problem might not be
them remember they're the guys who hired
Rush Limbaugh in the first place they're
also one the company that hired Dennis
Miller I mean they have hired
conservative actor conservative that's
not an issue for them this damn liberal
network doesn't have any sort of they
can't endure the racist well Kaepernick
to fill in yeah yeah but but even so I
don't think that they've ever dealt with
this level of trolling so some of the
conservative websites pretended that
they had fired Robert Lee yeah and so
that they had to at least come out and
say we didn't fuck the guy we liked the
guy we just moved him to a different
game he's working he's a same weekend
it's a different game
get off her ass very good idea and Lee
surrendered I wasn't actually I just
came up with it we didn't fire we didn't
fire hey surrender
anyway they shouldn't have moved him and
now after making enough fun of them
let's get off their ass TYT membership
gets you commercial free young turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /
join
