sometimes the establishment Democrats
are quite frustrating most of the time
if not all of the time so they'll say
things like no they're for a better deal
slightly better than Trump Wow
shoot for the stars why don't you they
talk about resisting it okay good
I want to resist but I want to do more
than resist no is not enough Naomi Klein
wrote a book about it it's we need
affirmative answers this is our plan
this is what we are going to do for the
American people it's not good enough to
say we're slightly better than Donald
Trump okay they are ecstatic that they
defeated Trump's health care proposals
I'm ecstatic about that it was a
horrible proposal and only 17% of the
country was in favor of it if you can't
be a proposal yet only 17% of country
agrees with well then you should retire
immediately but they did beat it and
I'll give them credit for it but it's
not enough what we have to do is
actually say this is what we stand for
so when it comes to health care it's
fairly easy you know Donald Trump said
during the campaign that he'd have
something that covered everyone and
would be cheaper than the plans we have
now that would actually provide more
services well I everybody said wow he's
promising the moon in the sky that's
impossible
actually it isn't there is such a
service it's called Medicare now don't
take my word for it
take the American people's word for it
you know what it rates in terms of
popularity 77 percent now the
Republicans will tell you no no no
people don't like Medicare no it doesn't
do enough there's lines or there's this
so there's that and all these different
things that they make up well if they
don't like it they got a funny way of
showing it since this had this enormous
popularity as 77 percent now what we're
suggesting is why don't you let the rest
of us in Medicare for all why is this
program that is working pretty damn well
and better than anything else we've got
only four people above the age of 65 let
us in Medicare for all by the way if you
pull that it pulls us 60% 60% is
incredibly popular
hey Democratic Party if you cannot
behind something polling at 60% what are
you doing what are you doing
are you there just to resist against
horrific ideas or are you there to
actually improve the lives of Americans
so stand up stand up
look just Democrats fight for economic
justice and social justice that's why
it's called justice Democrats and they
all represent just us not the donors so
you know what they did you guys stood up
and I'm not just talking about the
organization I'm talking about the
people who support it
so we did a petition to for Medicare for
all it just passed over a hundred
thousand signatures a hundred and one
thousand signatures but it was more
specific than that we asked you guys to
get involved and email your Congressman
to send them notes to call them call
your senators call all those guys you
know what happened well there's already
HR 676 in the house that's John Conyers
bill for Medicare for all the number of
Democrats now sponsoring that bill has
gone up 60% 60% increase in co-sponsors
the reason that the people in the
establishment don't want you to try
something is not because they think it
won't work
it's because they think it will work you
see that we fight on an issue we win an
issue so now there's so many more
sponsors for that legislation in the
House John Conyers has thanked us for
that effort he did a press conference
recently with rogue Connor there are
great members of Congress know who is
impeding progress and know who's on the
side of progress so those guys fought
for they did a press conference sport
now they've got the majority of
Democrats in the house on their side
thanks to Justice Democrats and the
nurses union and now more and more
people are starting to joining we've
done joint petitions with our revolution
and many other groups so in this case
we're asking for your help again it's
not enough just to defeat bad ideas
we've got to fight for our ideas because
our ideas are popular our ideas will
lead to better results for the American
people so hashtag stand up for Medicare
we want you guys to do we want members
of Congress to do it now you can tweet
on on that but the thing that we're
asking for is even more specific and
it's super simple make a video of
yourself just saying I want in I want
medicare-for-all there's no reason why
we shouldn't have Medicare fraud and I'm
standing up and saying I want it if all
you want is you can just say this one
simple sentence honest enough I pledge
to stand up for Medicare for all
and if enough of you say enough Congress
people will say it and hey democratic
party you might want to run on it it's
incredibly popular so go to stand up for
Medicare comm and submit your video it's
super simple sign up for it let's make
that number not a hundred thousand but a
million until finally the Democratic
leadership goes okay
okay you're right maybe we should stand
for something and maybe standing for
something that is incredibly popular and
effective is actually the smart thing to
do it's not just the right thing to do
it's the practical thing to do at least
the electoral wins and at least the
policy wins the only reason you wouldn't
want to do it is if your donors pay you
not to do it but just as Democrats
aren't regular old Democrats they're not
for their donors they're for us
so just as Democrats calm just as
Democrats are calm / win to help
and in this case stand up for Medicare
calm let's fight let's win we're on the
road to doing that already let's finish
it if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
