you know the Donald Trump doesn't
believe in climate change he has called
it a Chinese hoax in the past he took us
out of the Paris climate Accord it's
been a disaster a disaster all around
he's now added to that disaster with
this latest piece of news let's go to
HuffPost Liddy O'Connor writing in this
case President Donald Trump's
administration has to solve the federal
panel of scientists and other experts
tasked with helping create and implement
a new policy based on the latest climate
change research findings so if you claim
that you're in favor of science and
you're a Republican that has now become
an oxymoron
lots of morons running around these days
in the Republican Party including the
oxymorons
so no he is disbanding science and
anything we would do with scientific
findings a spokeswoman for the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
which established the panel in 2015
confirmed Sunday the Department of
Commerce would not renew the Charter for
the sustained national climate
assessments Federal Advisory Committee
so who's on the committee well you know
if you're right when you're these days
you might say us no good scientists of
course you can trust scientists all
right well there we have your answer as
to whether you believe in science or not
or you might say oh no it's a bunch of
hippies but they didn't take into
account other shareholders or
stakeholders in this including business
interests well again you'd be wrong let
me tell you who was on the committee the
committee a panel of scientists local
government employees corporate
representatives and experts in related
fields was tasked with decoding the
findings from the Climate Assessment and
developing guidelines for climate
change-related endeavors such as risk
management and assessment efforts
economic policies technology development
and communication practices none of
which will happen going forward
who needs technology development no
better communication hell no doing
something about climate change that's a
big F No so if you actually believe that
climate change isn't real you wouldn't
fire scientists you'd hire more
scientists because you'd be convinced of
your opinion and you'd realize oh my god
if we did more science we'll figure out
that I'm actually right but they don't
think that they know they're lying
that's why they go around firing
scientists and anyone who will actually
study the issue and tell you the facts
so this is not the only thing they've
done the last NCAA report released in
2014 made those implications for US
residents clear and many of the threats
have predicted more triple digit
temperatures increased precipitation
catastrophes and the failing of dated
infrastructure have already begun to
emerge well that's even worse they made
predictions they came true now we really
got to cover it up fire everyone in the
building so earlier this summer HuffPost
continues the Department of Interior led
the Charter for a similar Obama era
panel the Advisory Committee on climate
change and natural resources science
expire so they've been doing this in
many different departments now finally
the National Climate Assessment which
has been published three times since the
passage of a 1990 law mandating its
publication includes findings gathered
by scientists from multiple federal
agencies and has shown the devastating
impact of human activity on rising
global temperatures and related natural
disasters in the u.s. those are the
facts and they are inconvenient facts
for the Trump administration so rather
than trying to find out facts on their
side they're not even pretending they
know that the facts are against them so
they're just firing the people who
brought you the facts that's Trump 101
and if you're voting for Republicans and
in this case is not just Trump all the
Republicans officials including Mike
Pence's vice president including the
Republican establishment are on the same
side know what you're getting and don't
pretend otherwise watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm slash join
