a Navy warship has collided with a
tanker and unfortunately this is the
fourth time it has happened in the past
year now it's important to keep in mind
that this is equipped with a missile
defense system and so as a result there
were a lot of conspiracy theories flying
around about it GPS systems being hacked
into however I want to be clear that
there hasn't been any evidence of that
so far now let me give you the details
and the facts of what actually occurred
now Monday's crash marked the fourth
time this year a u.s. warship has been
involved in an accident in Asian waters
in addition to the ten missing sailors
the Navy said five were injured in the
collision four of those were flown by a
Singapore Navy helicopter to a hospital
in Singapore where they were treated for
injuries that are not considered
life-threatening now we have a quick
report on this incident which will show
you the extent of the damage we'll come
right back and give you more details a
gaping wound on the port side of the USS
John S McCain after colliding with an
oil tanker close to the entrance of the
Malacca Strait one of the world's
busiest shipping routes ten sailors are
missing presumed overboard or possibly
inside the damaged ship five crew are
also injured and a search and rescue
operation is underway it's reported the
crew tried to stem flooding in several
places while the vessel headed towards
Singapore so I just want to say two
quick things there one whenever we show
you a video like that check out the
description box because it'll have the
full report we're showing you a video
from someone they've done a good job
with and you should watch their full
report now you mentioned the conspiracy
theories I'm I'm gonna be super useful
Emily I think there is some evidence
what's the I mean I haven't seen
evidence based on yeah I've read so what
I mean by that is not that there's a
smoking gun of a memo from you know the
Pentagon saying yes they've hijacked our
navigation systems and they've been able
to hack into it but I think there is
circumstantial evidence so let's
continue the story and then I'll explain
what I think that evidence is all right
so just to give you a little more
information on the
extent of the damage the Navy reported
significant hull damage to the McCain by
the way this this vessel was named after
John McCain's father and grandfather
which is why it's called the McCain they
were both of the military saying there
was flooding in berthing compartments as
well as machinery and communication
rooms now there will be an investigation
into this accident and several others
that occurred over the last year James
Madison vestigation to take place to
kind of figure out why this keeps
happening let's go to graphic seven just
to give you an outline of the other Navy
warships that have experienced similar
collisions on June 17th the USS
Fitzgerald collided with a container
ship off the coast of Japan on May 9th
the guided-missile cruiser USS Lake
Chaplin was struck by a small fishing
boat off the Korean Peninsula in late
January the guided-missile cruiser USS
Antietam ran aground while trying to
anchor in Tokyo Bay so these collisions
keep happening and it's just strange
because this isn't typical so I can see
what you mean by some circumstantial
evidence but again there there's no
smoking gun at all so I want to be clear
about that okay so first off just a
quick thing on the john mccain his boat
dan and his grandfather were legendary
Admirals in the Navy and part of the
reason why he was able to get into the
military he was a captain himself John
McCain was and but he crashed four
different times and so Trump by the way
in reaction to this story said he
prefers ships that don't crash didn't
say that but he actually said oh that's
too bad
well he said that's too bad in regard to
the 10 missing sailors and so that
appeared to be a little bit of an
inadequate response to later yes some
official to uses account to tweet out oh
I mean I thought sand prayers are with
the
with our boys and etc right so okay now
on to the main event so first of all if
monk has ever has taught me anything it
is that there are no coincidences so
four ships in one year that is way too
high a number now if it was just oh a
Korean boat fishing vessel happen to run
into a giant ship yeah that knucklehead
on the fishing boat made a mistake
that's nothing and if there was one
accident and that that's still nothing
but four accidents all in one year I
mean there is a second theory the second
theory is Donald Trump's in charge and
incompetence reigns supreme
they just and the fish stinks from the
head down and everything is becoming
competent and everything's a mess and
we're not waiting with that anymore but
I think that's very unlikely he doesn't
get credit for the economy as soon as he
walks in he also doesn't get blamed for
all the things that go away happen as
soon as he comes in now onto the theory
about why I think that there are issues
here the US military in South Korea
began a 10-day military exercise on
Monday the second coincidence is that
this crash happens on Monday so just as
and all for the crashes were in they are
in Asian waters so we're about to do an
exercise with South Korea
all of a sudden warrant one of our ships
can't control itself and runs into a
giant oil tanker the oil tankers are
enormous so here's what one yes real
quick I just want to give the audience
of detail and actually kind of speaks to
the point you're trying to make so they
apparently lost the ability to steer
momentarily it was a temporary thing and
then they were able to steer again but
it was too late yeah that's exactly my
point
they're a US Navy official told CNN that
the McCain had experienced a loss of
steering before the collision yeah
that's so if some was hacking into our
systems that's exactly what would happen
and that's why you would have the
accident it you know so it's not a
conspiracy theory if you have good
circumstantial evidence that
that it collisions are happening because
you lost control of the ability to steer
the ship now it might turn out that it's
just a technical failure there's a
thousand things that it could turn out
that's why Anna's right to say there's
no smoking gun we have no idea of North
Korea China Russia or whatever hacked
into our ships and etc but to have for
them to have the the inability to steer
right before they ran into the other
ship another wild coincidence in now a
series of tremendous coincidences now
I'm going to quote one other person here
and and he says how does a state of the
art it is an expert in the field how
does the state of the army a state of
the art Navy destroyer equipped with
multiple radar systems and
communications here with a full bridge
watch Nazi detect and evade a thirty
thousand ton slow-moving behemoth so
when you put all that together something
is amiss here and I don't know what it
is I don't know who did it
I don't know if it's just the technical
failure on our part or if there's a an
adversary here who's messing with our
ability to steer the ships at important
moments but if there's a chance that
it's the latter oh boy
that internal review that they have just
ordered is more than necessary and it is
a incredibly high priority and let me
add one last thing that's very important
here if it turns out it was a foreign
power who did this and in the last
accident we lost seven people seven of
our sailors died now we have another 10
missing if that's an attack on the
United States and we've lost some of our
service people to those attacks
that's as serious as a heart attack so
I'm afraid of what they might find out
in this investigation because then we
might have to take action and that is
not good news for the whole world if you
like this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
