solar eclipses happen today fun for
everybody now what's the one thing that
they told you don't look up at the Sun
you can go blind in fact I saw new
stories of folks that had looked up at
the Sun in the last solar eclipse over
30 years ago and they never recover
their eyesight so it this is very well
known that a lot of the schools keep the
kids indoors because they think the kids
might not be mature enough to not look
at the Sun so of course what do we have
Donald Trump goes up on the Truman
balcony in the White House and looks
right into this side there is there's
the first look don't you went put on the
glasses he did have the glasses on
earlier but of course he can't help
himself then he wants to point to it
because he's a child he's a god now see
you see there's the Sun that I'm looking
at I look good look didn't go to the
next one
there is Melania who's got glasses on
and and his son's looking down they
didn't have to warn their son they don't
warn the president okay so here's my
favorite part of the story Business
Insider reports according to a White
House pool report one of Trump aids
shouted don't look when Trump came out
and pointed at the sky because they have
to remind the manchild of very very
simple things like don't look into the
Sun now a bad man but I was amused by
the thought that Trump would would have
blinded himself he has in other ways
metaphorically baby did it literally
NASA walk around with the glasses it's
like nobody knew that looking to the Sun
was this complicated okay now I wouldn't
root for that that's a bad thing but him
of course looking the Sun not a big
issue but a funny one and if I told you
ahead of time again even if you're a
trump supporter what do you think this
Trump look into the Sun or doesn't he
you know what you just said oh oh gosh
he's gonna look at in the Sun by the way
Twitter of course also had some fun with
it
I like Josh Billington wrote this is the
moment he became president
and some thought that he was doing it
guess somebody told him not to look in
the Sun oh yeah nobody tells me what to
do okay obeyed transgender people from
the military I'll fire that guy not look
right into the Sun and and of course the
most the leading theory was he thought
that it was fake news that you lose your
I said if you look at this son be
careful what you call fake news help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
