so recently Alex Jones was in Seattle he
apparently had a bunch of desktops don't
care
somebody threw coffee on him I don't
know if it's real or not real they turns
out that guy was an actor and
everybody's trying to figure out if it's
a conspiracy within a conspiracy if it's
a false flag operation don't care he's
not a relevant person he believes that
they're 80% guerillas 80% pig 80% humans
all in one creature but the guy's a
full-blown lunatic I just like to laugh
at him so that's what we're gonna do
here he apparently chased down three
different people in Seattle this was one
of them I'm going to show you the video
not very many things you'll see funnier
than Alex Jones running let's watch set
up and written in secret
that's why bipartisanly come on over
here come on over don't you put me off
you're a fake and a fraud
hey fuck you fucking hours
ya know something I'm not afraid you
people you got something to say say it
you know let the intellectuals your
intellectual dumbass to watch the
mainstream media anyway
cowards want to get in people's faces
Davi okay who in the middle of a news
report runs after somebody like that who
thinks that it is a smart thing to say
that you're an intellectual dumbass but
come on let's have fun you know we're
gonna break down the video first the
best part running anyway what was I in
the middle of doing look I don't know if
he's mentally unstable very very likely
he's acting also likely you know or
combination thereof but this guy had a
couple you got something to say say yeah
I just said it fuck you dude when you
get out witted by a guy who's just
crossing the street give you the middle
finger it's not a pretty day for Alex
Jones
I'm gonna give you Seattle PD s reaction
here in a second and afterwards we're
gonna watch that run one last time so he
just queued up again so in this case
that somebody reached out and asked to
Seattle Police Department are you guys
gonna do anything because they think
that Alex Jones of fraud and instigating
or they think the guy who threw the
coffee's I don't know it doesn't matter
I like the snark that the Seattle Police
Department had they said we haven't
received any official reports as far as
we know that could be an actor playing
Alex Jones yeah I like it
of course as a reference to his recent
child custody hearings where he said and
his lawyers claimed he's just an actor
he doesn't really mean any of it he's
just acting a role and in his private
life he's not like that at all for the
sake of anyone who knows him in his
private life I hope
because if you say anything slightly
wrong you might get this reaction the
president takes that guy seriously Oh
God
every time I think about that goes from
funny to incredibly tragic if you like
The Young Turks you love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
