now to give you a sense of how much
Steve Banner might be going to war with
the Trump administration now that he's
been relieved of command now that he's
no longer chief strategist strategist
for Donald Trump we're gonna give you a
bunch of quotes about how his
publication Breitbart and he is now back
to being in charge of Breitbart is well
in their words
let me quote Steve been in here quote
we're going to war you're going to war
with the White House and do a little bit
of this fun fun for everybody except
Donald Trump for progressives those guys
ripping each other to shreds it's a
wonderful moment because remember taking
down the establishment is a worthy goal
if you win and you have a good strategy
that's going to deliver for the American
people in their case they won and then
started punching each other in the face
and so now Steve Bannon and his ilk are
out of power
this is them trying to get back into
power so what are you gonna do you're
gonna defeat Trump and put someone even
more right-wing in his place good luck
with that strategy someone even more in
a populist range someone who's a bigger
white nationalist it reminds me of that
The Crying Nazi though the guy who was
featured in the vice documentary about
Charlotte's ville who said that the
problem was Trump is that he wasn't
racist enough he let his daughter marry
a Jew okay good luck trying to find
someone more races more bigoted etc to
execute your strategy it ain't gonna
happen all they're gonna do is rip each
other up now so and by the way you have
to understand something I'm not a guy
who's been on that side I know that the
MSNBC's of the world just love it when
Republicans fight but that's in reality
90% of the time that's the right wing of
the Republican Party pulling the rest of
the Republicans further right it's not
really a problem for them for them
that's the solution in this case they
pulled him right it wasn't right enough
and now they're going to war and here
it's not going to be effective they
can't make Trump any more right wing
than he already is they're not going to
change the minds of establishment
players like Gary Cohn and HR McMaster
this is a war that the Breitbart guys
will lose but they will do a lot of
damage to Trump in the Republican Party
losing it which for the rest of us is
great news so let me tell you more about
it
Bannon also says we have a dude of the
country to be the vanguard of the
movement well again fair enough if you
were going to seize power but you
already did seize power and it didn't
work so now this is the movement turning
on their leader and turning on the rest
of the party have at it Hoss so Alex
Marlow is a Breitbart news
editor-in-chief and he says about
banning quote he wants to beat their
ideas into submission
well right now that's certainly not the
direction that it's going because it
appears Steve Bannon has been beaten
into submission and hence he's now
running a failing media outlet online
again and they make almost no money
almost all the revenue is gone 90% of
advertisers are pulled out and their
numbers are not doing well at all
their readership has gone down so that's
him leading a movement that's him
beating ideas into submission so far it
certainly doesn't look like it okay now
they explained here in Vanity Fair
Banias main targets are the West wing's
group of New York Democrat quote unquote
globalists Ivanka Trump Jared Kushner
and former Goldman Sachs president Gary
Cohen as well as the Hawks comprised of
national security adviser HR McMaster
and his deputy Dena Powell
so if they were talking about how they
were against intervention ISM which is
which was one of their claims during the
campaign and Trump has said over and
over again that he wants to get out of
Afghanistan and there's no winning there
except tonight he's set to announce
further troop escalation in Afghanistan
well they didn't win that war and by the
way they don't actually mean deescalate
Banias bright idea was to handover
Afghanistan to a bunch of privately
funded mercenaries who would then get to
do whatever they want to maximize profit
with guns in a different country under
the
auspices of the federal government when
they are not the federal government
that's the only thing that's a worse
idea than further escalation in
Afghanistan so they don't really mean
that they are against the Hawks they
just want to make more money off of Wars
and you should know their real agenda in
terms of fighting against Ivanka Trump
and Jared Kushner well good luck that's
the president's daughter and son-in-law
and so but they're gonna fight dirty
anyway we'll tell you about that in a
second now Vanity Fair further explains
that on Sunday
Breitbart took a renewed aim at mcmaster
who's of course a national security
adviser with a headline claiming he
advocated Quran kissing okay so that's
insane so I looked further into that
pretty sure general McMaster is not all
about making out with the Quran so let's
go to graph 46 first the title of this
insane piece on Breitbart was HR
McMaster endorsed book that advocates
Koran kissing apology ceremonies did a
US general really advocate that our
troops going around apologizing to
Muslims and kissing the Quran over and
over of course 9 you want to talk about
fake news Breitbart is the king of fake
news that's a grossly misleading title
in a preposterous article so what's the
reality the hill reports the book that
mcmaster in his tenure as general did
promote was a guide and it's a military
manual by the way to how quote not to
inflame religious tensions with Muslim
populations in the countries where
American troops are deployed now if
you're a general that seems pretty
sensible we're going to Iraq our claim
is that we're going to liberate Iraq so
if you go in there saying you're against
Muslims Iraq is almost all Muslim that's
a really bad idea
and we'll get more troops killed
remember at a minimum pretend that
you're there to liberate them it's not
matter of apologizing is a matter of not
getting our troops killed nobody's
telling them to go kiss cause what
they're telling them to do is don't
antagonize the local population we are
pretending to help otherwise you'll be
in a bigger Civil War in a bigger mess
than we were already
seems pretty sensible and as usual
Breitbart completely misleading you gee
I wonder why they don't have very many
readers okay now who else is bana gonna
go after he's abandoned ally said oh
yeah Jared Kushner quote he said jared
is a dope Wow
apparently called Sheridan Vodka Jovanka
whatever now there's another piece of
the profit motive here that might not
make Banias motivations purely
beneficial to just the movement but
perhaps also beneficial to his bottom
line the banning camp believes that
murdoch rupert murdoch was especially
receptive to Kushner's lobbying because
murdoch is worried about the rise of
sinclair broadcasting as a competitor of
fox and blames Bannen for Trump's
decision so far not to block Sinclair's
3.9 billion dollar takeover of Tribune
Media in May so Murdoch owns Fox News he
doesn't want competition to it he wanted
to block the sinclair merger because
sinclair is also insanely right-wing and
might be a competitor of Fox News for
that extreme right-wing parlor
population so he Murdoch's mad that that
merger doesn't get blocked although he
loves it when his mergers are approved
she's almost as if they care about their
bottom line and not real ideology all
these guys so Murdoch uses Kushner and
now bana doesn't like that because he
might want to do a deal with Sinclair
that involves a new organisation and
more money for Steve Bannon so they say
all the Breitbart Stanford says all the
Sinclair guys are super tight with
Breitbart imagine if we got together
Hannity and O'Reilly and started
something okay so they are in fact
thinking about starting a new venture
and hence they were pissed because their
own financial motivations were touched
now what's he gonna do with this feud
with Kushner and the rest oh this is
where it gets really good in his feud
with Kushner Bannen may have a powerful
ally Reince Priebus also recently
departed from the White House
with a quiver of grudges recently
according to several sources Bannon has
told friends he wants Priebus to give
his account of the James Comey firing to
special prosecutor Robert Muller Wow
you get that that is banning telling
Priebus who's also pissed hey why don't
you tell him that Kushner helped fire
James Comey why because that means that
Kushner could be investigated by Muller
a criminal investigation and does that
investigation lead up to the president
very very likely so and here's Steve
Bannon and the extreme right-wing going
don't care and if that leads to Trump's
impeachment so what in fact you're gonna
get more specific about that in a second
but let me give you more from the Vanity
Fair piece at Breitbart Bannon has a
brigade of similarly happy warriors they
explain here's a quote we're in a loud
bar celebrating the return of our
captain bright Bart's Washington editor
Matt Boyle told me on Friday night
bright Bart's defensive trump as so far
helped keep the Russia scandal from
gaining traction on the right but that
could swiftly change if Trump under the
influence of Kirchner and Cohn deviates
too far from the positions he ran on but
he will because Trump doesn't even know
the positions he ran on doesn't know
doesn't care has never cared he was just
crowd surfing
he was a be testing in the crowd he was
like ah we're against trade wars boo
crickets were for trade force yes that's
it that's that I meant were for trade
words but now that Bannon is gone and
everybody else has gone and all you have
is an establishment left guys an idiot
he doesn't have two brain cells to rub
together he just listens to whoever's in
the room last and who was in the room
last out Kushner Cohen on the other guys
McMaster and the others so he will
deviate from what Steve Bannon wants and
then Bannon and bright bar now promising
that means will help it unearth the
Russian investigation connections help
the Russian investigation of robert
muller the one that they had been
diminishing all along and saying that it
was a nothing burger that it was no big
deal
now they get a load of this quote if
that happens said one high-level
Breitbart staffer meaning the deviation
from what Breitbart wants
Savannah wants quote we're prepared to
help Paul Ryan rally votes for
impeachment
we've got bright Club and we've got war
that's what this is so his own base
already a couple of days after Steve
Anna's let go is not only talking about
war which they did on day one now
they're talking about impeachment now
remember if Democrats ever brought up
impeachment the right wing would go oh
my god how dare you how dare you but the
minute they're touched even slightly
they're like well I mean good help Paul
Ryan their mortal enemy they hate Paul
Ryan we could help Paul Ryan get votes
for impeachment make our day have at it
Hoss everybody take out your political
shifts and go to work on one another now
this is a right-wing fight that actually
doesn't pull the Republican Party and
Washington and the country to the
further right wing this actually does a
lot of damage it'll do more damage to
Trump the Republican Party and
everything else by the time this war is
done so it's a rare war I support go
forward fire away
if you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live to our
show 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
and you could download it or stream in
and watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm / join
