statistics show that about one out of
five American citizens suffer from some
form of mental illness every year these
illnesses run the gamut from depression
to Tourette's syndrome and with the
market of more than 42 million people a
year as their potential clients big
pharma hasn't wasted any time creating
countless pills they claim are going to
solve your mental health problems there
are plenty of medications available to
do that to provide relief for people
suffering from mental health problems
but they're also a wide variety of pills
that have had their efficacy overstated
by drug companies so we're just trying
to cash in on the latest blockbuster
market that's opened up
abilify is an anti-psychotic medication
manufactured and marketed by bazooka
pharmaceuticals and bristol-myers Squibb
it's using the treatment of
schizophrenia bipolar disorder
Tourette's syndrome autism and even
depression it's intended to help
decrease elusive nations or disorganized
thinking or mood swings or depressive
thoughts and tics
there are numerous lawsuits pending
involving their anti-psychotic
medication abilify that clearly show the
drug can cause impulse issues in adults
such as chaotic gambling shopping binge
eating and hyper sexuality and with
every one of those issues comes an
entirely new set of problems for the
people that are taking the pill there
have been reports of people losing
everything by gambling away their homes
their cars the retirement do the effects
of a vilify people are wrecking their
home lives because of the side-effects
of abilify and what's so remarkable of
all that is the science appears to be
absolutely solid that a vilify is at the
heart of the problem there's no
guesswork here they've seen the
statistics they know the numbers
according to the lawsuits that have been
filed against at cyka and bristol-myers
Squibb the company was fully aware of
how their medication adversely affected
a person's impulse control center that's
what it attacks is the impulse control
center and they completely failed to
warn the public about these dangers even
though they'd warned in Europe long
before documents point to the fact that
company had plenty of information to
show that the problems here with side
effects related directly to abilify they
oversold the effectiveness of the drug
and kept quiet about all the risks
because they wanted a piece of the 42
million customer market and they were
wildly successful in 2014
abilify was one of the best selling
medications in the United States
bringing in more than seven billion
dollars for Big Pharma in spite of all
the dangers that have been emerging in
the public arena with this medication
for more than four years juvenile
detention centers if you can imagine
have been spending hundreds of thousands
of dollars every year buying and
stockpiling abilify so they can medicate
juvenile delinquents rather than taking
the time to try to rehabilitate them and
those drugs are only increasing the
frequency of the very behaviors that
landed these children in trouble in the
first place but this is the new norm for
big pharma in America
