one little story that we worked on over
the intercept and then one observation
one story so we called around to
lawmakers around the country who had
back what we could call let's call them
immunity bills these are bills
introduced in state houses and state
Senate's around the country that say if
you're a motorist and you kill a
protestor who is in the street then you
have immunity as long as you took do
caution what is but what is due caution
you know in this circumstance you just
killed somebody
you know you're driving a car and you
killed somebody so under what
circumstance does that happen and you
were taking do caution I could I can
envision a few if somebody just darts
out in front of you and you're going 60
miles an hour and it's impossible to
stop but you are already immune from
liability in a situation like that so
what we're lawmakers trying to
accomplish with these well particularly
they were targeting black lives matter
protesters and anti dapple protesters
who particularly in the black lives
matter movement had taken to chaining
themselves in highways and roadways to
snare traffic and there has never been
an injury in any of these there hasn't
even been close to an injury because
typically what they will do is they will
get a sympathetic driver they will they
will have sympathetic drivers going
slowly and then they will walk in front
of the sympathetic drivers so the cars
that are that are near them they know
who those and they know who they are so
they're not not playing with fire these
are not wild card cars that they're just
hoping stop now maybe there may be some
cases where where that isn't exactly how
it played out this was frustrating
plenty of motorists who were caught in
traffic but it more deeply it was it was
frustrating police unions who just hated
who just hated this tactic police unions
lobbied across the country for these
bills Republican lawmakers around the
country introduced them we called them
on Monday to find out if the tragedy
that the terrorist act and murder on
Saturday had changed their their
attitude towards these bills and they
said no
are still standing by this effort to
give extra immunity to a driver who
kills a protester as long as they were
taking due care or whatever that due
care is supposed to mean but think about
that you would have more immunity if you
killed a protestor than if you killed
somebody who was not protesting so
whether or not you would go to prison
might depend on your ability to prove
that the dead person was protesting if
the dead person were just walking across
the street and didn't have any opinion
about black lives matter or about dapple
or about anything else
that they were expressing at the moment
then you can't kill them if they were
you know supporting black lives matter
then you could kill them so that's the
best the bizarre place that you would
get to if these bills actually become
law
you
