while everyone is hyper focused with
good reason on white supremacy in the
country there are some of trumps agenda
items that are being achieved and among
those agenda items is the issue of
deregulation he's deregulating
everything or at least postponing
regulations on issues that are
incredibly important and so I want to
outline some of those regulatory
policies for you and the impact that it
could have on Americans safety and
health now Trump has swiftly moved to
eliminate hundreds of regulations often
exerting his presidential powers to
unwind or delay rules that watchdog
groups argue weaken oversight of
behemoths Wall Street banks stripped
safety measures for workers and cause
long-term hell harm to the environment
so Trump has frozen all future
regulations until his cabinet appointees
and heads of agencies have been
confirmed by the Senate now keep in mind
that there are still people that he
needs to appoint I don't know when he's
gonna get around to that but that's an
issue
he's also proposed killing two
regulations for every new one which
shows you how incredibly simple-minded a
none nuanced he really is now he has
exercised his authority to repeal 14
Obama era rules and wipe out or delay
860 perspective rules federal agencies
plan to work on this year so among those
rules or those regulations includes coal
mining companies who now won't be
obligated to protect the nation's
streams from debris when extracting coal
from mountaintops great by the way
mountaintop removal kills jobs so it
takes a little more jobs to do mining
but they're like God let's just a
destroy what places like West Virginia
Kentucky look like so you ruin the whole
landscape and people's heritage by the
way you want talk about heritage that's
those mountains are their heritage and
that way we don't have to hire as many
people in West Virginia Kentucky in all
those places and now the Trump's in
charge for a little extra gift for you
guys will just pour the toxic stuff into
your stream so that your kids can be
exposed to it
but oh did we forget to tell you that
corporations win though they make more
money so I'm told that this is a winning
strategy in in those areas and that you
have to have corporate Democrats who
agree with this strategy to run against
Republicans yeah my guess is that is not
correct so it's not just environmental
issues that he's having a negative
impact on it's also the safety of our
kids so for instance he's halted a bid
to address risks of bumpers on baby
cribs that have been known to lead to
infant deaths okay great Jesus man just
what do you think he can't figure out a
way to get lower he's like I mean infant
deaths is that a big deal
look here's the thing I don't even think
he even knows about that regulation
right I mean a lot of these regulations
were implemented during the Obama era
some of which haven't even gone into
effect yet right and so look there
there's the issue of Donald Trump just
being against anything Obama has ever
done and so I I don't think he even
knows about that proposal of regulation
are you kidding me he barely knows what
what his middle name is he know when it
comes to his name he knows it be fair to
him right but no he doesn't know
anything I mean he didn't know North
Korea was complicated he didn't know
healthcare was complicated so I'd be
shocked if he knew that particular
regulation if that's being fair to him
but he's president so he should know
what he's doing so overall he sent his
minions to say favor big business no
matter what I don't care don't even tell
me I don't I don't
oh we're polluting their streams who
cares more more kids are gonna die who
cares oh we're taking away safety
measures from workers more workers will
die even though I ran I campaign
pretending to be on the other side of
the workers who cares did I or did I not
get the donor money from those big
businesses I did then do whatever they
ask you oh I ran against Wall Street now
Wall Street wants to deregulate so they
can take crazy risks and crash the
economy again who cares did they give me
a political donation or didn't they they
did and give them everything they want
now he also imposed an 18-month delay on
the so-called food
cheri rule that would require brokers
who manage retirement accounts to act in
their consumers best interest rather
than their own John Oliver actually did
a really great segment on that I believe
a year maybe a year and a half ago and
yeah I mean a lot of times these people
who manage your retirement account will
invest in things because it benefits
them and their bottom line doesn't
actually genuinely benefit you so I'll
give you a quick example because I also
did a pretty good segment on it before
John Oliver anyway so one of the things
they do is they keep trading because
every time they do a trade they get a
commission off of it so that hurts you
that helps them that's a way of
redistributing the wealth from your
retirement account into their pockets so
it's a very sensible rule to say it's
just not asking for much to say that if
you're going to represent someone you
should represent their best interests
and the Republicans say no you shouldn't
there should be a rule that allows you
to rob your own clients and now Trump's
in office so they're like oh yeah Rob
away he ran against the globalists and
the global financial elites but when he
actually gets into office he's like Oh
hardworking Americans and their
retirement accounts trade it over and
over again do it anything for the
bankers benefits and nothing for your
benefit so this this particular issue it
rages me I mean all of these you know
deregulation efforts enrage me but but
this one specifically enrages me because
of the fact that you have the
Republicans who are constantly talking
about privatizing Social Security or
doing away with Social Security and then
they're like yeah it should just be up
to you know a person to be responsible
enough to save for retirement but if
there's so many factors when it comes to
saving for your retirement that we have
no control over right so you can go
ahead and contribute to an IRA or 401k
or whatever these brokers who are
managing it aren't looking out for your
best interest they're looking out for
their bottom line right at least with
Social Security you're not to worry
about that and they're rubbing your face
in it they say who we're not we're
opposed so rule
where we would work in your best
interest now what do you think they're
gonna do under the new regime you think
that they're going to voluntarily work
in your best interest or are they gonna
take all the money they could possibly
take okay so when Trump told you he was
on the American workers side it was a
giant joke and he's laughing at you
behind his back now to be fair though
yes and I you are and race but John
Oliver was a little bit better at being
enraged about that than you were he's
actually more funny and humorous when
he's upset so you know I'm a much loved
Oliver by the way John
like you should come here do a show with
us but we never asked them oh you know
what John will ask you Oh
lose it help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
