Politico has an interesting story about
inside us in the White House explaining
how Donald Trump works it is related to
a number of issues he deals with but in
this particular case they are talking
about Charlottesville Virginia and his
reaction to give you a sense of why he
reacted in the way that he did and now
he has tripled down and basically shown
more moral equivalency between the
people who committed the violence in
Charlottesville and who were Nazis and
all Tritan white nationalists and KKK
and the people that were there to
protest Nazis okay so they explained
President Donald Trump's decision to
double down on his argument that both
sides were to blame for the violent
clashes at a white supremacist rally in
Charlottesville Virginia was driven in
part by his own anger and his disdain
for being told what to do so on Saturday
comes out and says both sides or at many
sides are at fault then he refused to
say anything more he used to call up a
Klan or the Nazis or the white
nationalists for two whole days we wait
we wait we wait
today in Barcelona he called it out even
before the authorities concluded what
had happened so he does not like to
gather facts that is not what he does he
likes to support his alright base and so
then on Monday he finally put out a
statement which he read from a
teleprompter and it was obvious that it
was not genuine
he wrote Lee read oh yes the KKK and the
Nazis are bad and and then went away
apparently they advised them to do that
and it got under his skin he didn't like
that it's like I don't like being told
what to do I'm a white nationalist and I
don't want to denounce the white
nationalist so the next day he Paul
called an impromptu press conference in
Trump Tower which you saw yesterday and
came out and said no no I'm blaming both
sides so he was lying on Monday he was
reading from a teleprompter it was that
was his advisors who had written that
forum and his lawyers and he didn't like
it he wants to blame the people who were
protesting Nazis in the Klan he wants to
blame them and he did over and over
again he tripled down today Politico
story was written between the doubling
down in the Tripoli Nam today again he
drew the moral equivalency again blamed
the people who were protesting the Nazis
okay and by the way we're murdered
Politico continues Trump's temper
has been a constant force in this
eight-month old white house he's made
policy decisions after becoming
irritated with staffers and has
escalated fights in the past few weeks
with everyone from the Senate Majority
Leader for the volatile dictator of
North Korea so he's a child we know it
almost all this is you're gonna see his
temper tantrums from this sad manchild
that we have this president now when he
rips the country apart in a place in a
situation like Charlottesville it's
disgusting in and and deeply hurtful to
the country but if he acts this
impetuously in the case of North Korea
it's not just our morality that's on the
line it is the lives of millions of
people I hope to gather the people
around him do not follow unlawful orders
if he gives them because his ego has
been bruised this guy is a danger to the
entire planet a White House adviser one
of his allies the people that works
inside the trunk White House said in
some ways Trump would rather have people
calling him racist they're saying he
backed down the minute he was wrong
because he's a fucking child that's why
and by the way he doesn't mind being
called racist because he is a racist
okay back to the quotes he says this may
turn into the biggest mess of his
presidency because he is stubborn and
doesn't realize how bad this is getting
but that advisor works with Trump and is
happy to work with Trump so what he
doesn't realize is no or what he said he
doesn't want the admit is Trump doesn't
mind being a racist you're thinking like
oh it's getting really bad it's getting
really bad
everything's through a racist but that's
your perspective and I guess slight you
know upside for this Trump advisor but
to him he's like oh we're getting really
racist and remember this is the guy who
challenged Barack Obama's birth
certificate for five years he was born
in Hawaii no I don't believe it I don't
believe it he looks foreign to me okay
you think for some idiots think that's
not racist that's all he said oh really
I'd like to see his college transfer
from Columbia I give this black guy get
good grades you want to say that's not
race it's okay the Central Park five
they he put out a full-page ad about how
they should be executed oh he likes to
gather the facts it turns out he didn't
do it turns out they didn't rape that
white woman and they were held in jail
for all those years now they've been
proven to be innocent okay you say oh
well he got it wrong and in that moment
of you know anger he spent all that
money in a full-page ad attacking those
kids after they were proven innocent he
said I don't care I still think they
should be in jail but they're innocent
they say serve decades in prison someone
else did it we know who did it now I
don't care well why doesn't he care cuz
it isn't about the crime it's that
they're black and he hated them for
being black because he's a fucking
racist okay so now back to Politico for
Trump anger serves as a way to manage
staff express his displeasure or simply
as an outlet that sued the sim because
he's also a fucking child Oh feel better
I got to yell at somebody
this moron of morons is our president
negative television coverage and lawyers
earned particular ire from him I don't
like to follow the laws why do you make
it we follow the laws there's a specific
example about that in a second I don't
like it when you criticize me grow up
you're the president of course they're
gonna criticize you but I don't know I
did gotta get him out of office you guys
like now there's a lot of people in
country who understand how dangerous he
is and what a monster he is but even
those people you're not getting it the
lives of millions of people are on the
line this manchild is gonna make a
decision about whether to launch nukes
or not in North Korea we got to get him
out we got to get him out White House
officials and informal advisors say the
triggers for his temper are if he thinks
someone is lying to him if he's caught
by surprise what is that what do you
call by surprise what somebody says Budo
okay if someone criticizes them of
course oh my god if someone criticizes
them or if someone stops them from
trying to do something or seeks to
control them but I don't
making me the broccoli not really angry
it's fun and games until there's a
million people dead in Seoul South Korea
okay the president did not want to be
told what to do is seemed in high
spirits on Tuesday evening this after
the same press conference
even as headlines streamed out about his
seeming overtures to hate groups
according to one White House adviser who
spoke to him after that train wreck of a
press conference where he doubled down
on calling the people who were murdered
the same as the people who did the
murdering he walked out in high spirits
thought I nailed it I did such a great
job of defending white naturalist the
transgender man
so why did he do that you know that his
own Secretary of Defense Jim Addison no
please don't do it this is we haven't
studied it we haven't gone through the
right process there's a process for how
you make decisions in the government the
Coast Guard said they wouldn't enforce
it it was so illegal all of his lawyers
said we have to follow our process we
have to fall and do the rule of law
remember how you said you were for a law
and order so he got mad at them and he
tweeted so listen to this the president
had grown tired of White House lawyers
telling him what he could and could not
do on the ban and numerous other issues
such as labor regulations said one
informal White House adviser while
multiple factors were in play with a
transgender ban Trump has grown
increasingly frustrated by the lawyers
calls for further study and caution so
he took it upon himself to tweet out the
news of the ban partly as a reminder to
the lawyers who's in charge the adviser
said in other words I don't care about
the law I've never cared about the law
you tell me that's the law that's like
your opinion man if I'm president I get
to do whatever I want that's not how it
works you're not a dictator you're not a
king here in America checks and balances
matter process matters most importantly
the rule of law matters by the way if
you didn't ever get the update on that
he tweets oh I'm very well to
transgender people what's gonna cause so
much we did a story recently about
actually it cost a hundred times more to
try to
recruit new people to replace them but
more importantly the chairman of the
Joint Chiefs said we're not doing it we
it has not gone through the regular
process if he actually orders it and not
sentence says it to me in a tweet and it
goes through the process then we will do
it but right now it isn't that's not the
law of the land because you have to
follow the law but he never believed in
America yeah all those USA chants were
just window dressing he doesn't believe
in our system of government and he's too
stupid and too childish to realize that
he has to work with other people to get
things done god help us all if Kim
jong-un gets under his skin on the wrong
day watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like a tea white tea
network.com /join
