yet another day yet another terrorist
attack and this time it's in Barcelona
same MO as has happened before and now
here in America unfortunately as well
where the terrorists used a vehicle to
run people over and this Barcelona
attack 13 people killed and over a
hundred injured it just happened today
so there'll be far more details as the
story unfolds there's story there's news
of a Moroccan man who is identified as
having rented the van that that did the
damage but so also stories that he
turned himself in when he saw himself on
local news so we will update you on all
that as soon as we have the information
but that's breaking as we speak right
now live on the air so I'm gonna show
you a video guys because it's super hard
to look at and I get it if you don't
want to look at it because you're gonna
see the people on the streets etc this
is like what happened in Charlottesville
on a lot of ways it's gruesome to look
at but we got to realize what's
happening here and and we don't have an
enviable job here as we show you the raw
Glee truth as to the damage that's done
but whether it's drone strikes or Nazis
or Isis you got to see it to understand
how bad it is so here's what happened
Barcelona
oh man that's enormous ly heartbreaking
so look you don't have to know someone
in Barcelona or anyone in these
effective communities to have empathy I
hope but you know it's a natural human
reaction to want to emphasize with
people I hope again that that's natural
even reaction for you guys so in my case
my parents were just in Barcelona they
were there about a month ago could have
been them and so it's heartbreaking art
breaking and this round of violence goes
round and round and round and round and
so I want to get to our best efforts at
constructive solutions in a second but
let me tell you who people think are
responsible so of course there's a
question of whether it's a terrorist
attack when you first hear about it as
you look at those pictures it doesn't
seem like much of a question the
authorities have said they think it is
but they're not yet sure who did it the
people who are sure is Isis because they
claimed responsibility
they say the this is HuffPost
self-described Islamic state claimed
responsibility for the violence via its
a Moscow news agency sometimes they
claim responsibility not necessarily so
or they say yeah sure it was us which is
already horrific enough but didn't they
actually plan it in this case there's a
good chance they did plan it because
they say the tragedy comes two weeks
after a pro Isis Twitter user
threatening an imminent attack in Spain
and pledged to reconquer Andalusia of
course these guys are delusional they're
not reconquering Spain or Portugal or
anything along those lines and that's
absolute idiocy and madness and the best
they can do is just strike out here and
do this kind of damage and hurt innocent
people they're not hurting the people
who made the decisions even if they
thought oh the West is responsible for
attacking us well first of all I don't
want to go on even legitimizing their
insane
beliefs on how they're going to win and
why they're aggrieved I don't care I I
know for a fact that those people they
just killed had nothing to do with it so
let me give you more context into what
happened in Europe cars and trucks have
killed over a hundred people in separate
incidents across Europe in recent years
extremist groups have long advocated for
their supporters to use vehicles to
target pedestrians and of course here in
America now Nazis have apparently picked
up that same MO as they ran over people
uh in charlottesville just within this
week so in terms of when I see something
like this I always think how in the
world can we solve it because it's it's
unbearable to look at unbearable to
think about so I know that others have
very simplistic ideas oh they attacked
us so we should attack them very obvious
question if you want to bother thinking
about anything at all is who is they so
I hear the right-wing screaming already
it's the Muslims now guys no one's
saying for the attacks that we already
know about and very likely this one no
one's saying no the guy who did it is
not Muslim it's like again in Virginia
it's nobody's saying that the guy wasn't
a Nazi yes that guy's a Nazi he also
happen to be a right winger that doesn't
make all right wingers guilty now if you
went to that rally and you held torches
you knew where where you were going with
that they did but even in that story
even for those lows some guys who
chanted sig Heil and the Jews will not
replaces etc I said they didn't all do
the violence fields the guy who was
arrested for running over those people
did the violence and he's to be held
responsible so there's the people who
did the violence there's the people who
hold a radical fundamentalist ideology
and then there's a larger group it would
be insane to say that we should round up
all the right-wingers in America and
hold them responsible for what happened
in Virginia insane so when you when some
folks want to simplify things because
their mind can't comprehend things that
aren't incredibly simple they go okay me
blame all 1.6 billion Muslims okay if
you're in that camp have at it Hoss
screen till your horse and and I know
what your answer is gonna be it's gonna
be more violence are shocking I know we
need to do this to them and we need to
ban them when we need to isolate them
and maybe put things on them etc but if
you're a thinking person and it it's
obvious that what we need to do is
target the people who are actually
committing the violence now if you say
hey let's go a little broader to the
people who hold the ideology whether
they're Nazis or Muslim radicals okay
that's an interesting conversation so in
that I believe we have to defeat their
ideologies I agree with that now if you
say the ideology is right-wing I
disagree with you okay it's not all
right wingers who did that violence in
shit Charlottesville if you say it's
radical right-wingers like the Nazis the
white nationalist I agree with you if
you say it's all Muslims I disagree with
you if you say it's radical Muslims
fundamentalist Muslims I agree with you
of course and the specific people who
did it should be held to a count and
brought to justice so when you talk
about those ideologies how do you define
and defeat the fundamentalist ideologies
well that's where we have to have a
battle of ideas and it sucks but it's
gonna take a long long time there are no
easy answers if you just go and bomb all
does this create more violence more
anger and it actually helps them recruit
so you didn't do imagine if we said okay
a lot of these Nazis that showed up in
Virginia were from Ohio let's go bomb
Ohio in who would be stupid enough to
say something like that that's insanity
right so when you say okay well I don't
know I think this guy might have come
from Morocco or eventually Syria or Iraq
is responsible let's go bomb them that
is equally stupid now if you have a
group of terrorists that you know are in
a compound that's a different question
then you've actually targeted the people
who did it so
how do you defeat an ideology that isn't
easy you can't just bomb an ideology
waiting by the way you can't been an
ideal ideology away that's why I'm an
enormous leaver freedom of speech here
in America
and I believe that those Nazis as
horrific as they are and the Klan as
horrific as they are should be allowed
to speak should be allowed to rally
should be allowed to get together and
and look when they do this there was a
all right protest in Seattle today seven
people showed up just let them do their
goofy stuff so yes we have to allow
people to speak now when it comes to
Muslim radicals here in America it isn't
much of an issue there's almost no
Muslim radicals and it's not like
they're holding rallies and it's not
like there's a debate around that issue
I know everyone wants to know how people
in Oklahoma go all by guys Sharia law is
coming let's ban it would Sharia law
right it's just again these are
ridiculous you know
just lashing out as things that don't
exist okay now again the terrorists do
exist should we be easy in other easy
part of this is should we have great
policing to find those guys of course of
course we should devote our resources to
doing police work real work to find out
the people who might actually do this
and by the way credit to the FBI they
foil a lot of plots here inside the
United States both from Muslim radicals
and right-wing extremists so and
obviously we hope and want to assist in
every way in in Europe to do that as
well now in terms of defeating their
ideology banning it doesn't work bombing
it doesn't work by the way if you're in
the school of oh no no let's bomb it
it'll work what do you think we've been
doing the last 15 years I mean we
invaded Iraq bombed the hell out of it
how'd that turn out it turns out
al-qaeda turned into Isis got worse
we've been bombing Isis and Syria for
years now has it stopped any of this it
hasn't so your your ideology is not only
immoral in bombing sometimes random or
innocent or civilian people it's also
counterproductive and and ineffective so
now finally to the my idea on how to
defeat that ideology
you have to make our side more
attractive and their side less
attractive so I know that's a simple
start the difficulty is in is an
execution so they are correct they
aren't correct and they're not good and
they do this stuff because they're
losers so you saw the guys you know
marching in Charlottesville
were there any CEOs in the bunch were
there any celebrities were there any you
know incredibly successful doctors I
didn't see any no it's usually guys who
are really angry because things aren't
working for them and they don't want to
blame themselves they don't look for
excuses so they lash out at other people
same with radical Muslims they're losing
do they control Syria no and even the
end and that is their ideal scenario
words war-torn and fundamentalism is
more likely to take root are they gonna
regain Spain of course not are they
going to be able to effectively attack
America of course not they're losing
their desperate and losing and that's
why they do these things but if we could
find a way to defeat the core of their
ideologies and and I think that it is
you know we're on the winning side it's
it's not it shouldn't be that difficult
to prove people to people that Nazis who
think white people are superior and and
the Jews and the blacks and the Muslims
and everyone else is inferior that's not
an idea that's gonna win in the long run
you isolate them and by the way in that
case what do you do you show them hey I
Know You're angry okay but you think the
Jews control the world or Mexican
immigrant who just crossed the border
somehow has all the power
that's insane put out the truth whether
it goes to them is a different question
you might not be able to you're not
gonna convert the guys who already Nazis
you're not gonna convert the guys or
already Isis I'm not naive that he's
about to do a a terrorist attack what
are you gonna hug him no you're gonna
arrest them you're gonna bring him to
justice
we're telling you about long term do
more people go to that side or less
people go to that side so the real
problems in America aren't done by the
powerless they're done by the power
so I can show you how the system got
corrupted I can show you how the money
in politics created the great inequality
that we have now that drives that rage
and anger in the first place so show the
reality of what's happening in the case
of Muslims these radical Muslims have
been convinced that they could win
through violence you know that is insane
but we don't help it by saying ok our
answer is also violence so look part of
it is the religions aren't true they
aren't true now that doesn't mean that a
oh great none who cares to do the right
thing and feed the poor and the hungry
is a bad person doesn't mean Martin
Luther King was a bad person it doesn't
mean a good Muslim who wants to help the
poor and the needy just as much that's a
huge part of the Quran is a bad person
it doesn't mean random aunts uncles and
grandparents or bad people whether
they're Christian Jews or Muslims but
the religions are wrong they're wrong
they're inaccurate they're not true
Jesus didn't walk on water Muhammad
didn't talk to God on a mountain I mean
you're telling me Muhammad talked to God
on a mountain and God happened to say
hey Muhammad why don't you just take all
the advantages for yourself take all the
women take all the land take all the
power
boy that's awfully convenient Mormonism
isn't correct he didn't have magic
goggles and read magic tablets there was
no virginal birth Moses was never in
Egypt he never split the Red Sea it
never rained frogs so you have to say
that now that that doesn't mean that I'm
gonna repeat it for the 18th time that
innocent Christians who earnestly
believe those things are bad people or
that they're in any way connected to
radical Christians or that innocent
Muslims are connected radical Muslims
but it but if you start to believe in
fairytales then someone can tell you a
different kind of fairy tale and you're
a little bit more likely to believe it
so yes we do have to go and tell people
the religions aren't true
and I know that makes people incredibly
uncomfortable but that is the case so
once you can I mean look at the
prosperity preachers here in America
they convince people that they need
their and this is literal their
thirteenth private jet because if you
give money to them then Jesus will favor
you how in the world could anybody
believe that insanity and that doesn't
kill anybody but it's still insanity how
could you possible because once you have
let go reason and you said I'm just
gonna turn myself over to blind faith oh
well then if you tell me God wants you
to have a private jet or Donald Trump to
win or george w bush to win that i'm
gonna believe you if you tell me that
God Allah wants air don't want to win or
Isis to win I'm gonna believe you know
we got to get back to rationality and
reason so don't lash out and do
something stupid and blame all people in
any category or ethnicity or or even a
religion for the problems because it
isn't Muslims it's radical Islam so yes
if you're a Muslim and you love it and
you believe it then you should fight
against the radicals within your
religion and again if you're a Christian
you should fight against the radicals in
your religion that believe in end times
and think that we should have one giant
Holocaust at the end where seven billion
people die but you get vacuumed into the
sky and you want your presidents that
effectuate that policy that that gets us
there you're also insane and the
moderate Christians also need to fight
against you but once we get past the
radicals the other problem is that the
basis of all the religions are
inaccurate it's just not true so you
want to hate me for that I understand
but go read it I mean and most of the
people who believe in Christianity or
Islam have never even read the text if
you read those texts they are ridiculous
preposterous no human in their right
mind could read those things and go yes
well obviously you'd have to sprinkle
the goat blood all over the temple or
the mosque or whatever to make sure that
the Yahweh the sky God favors you we
have to stop believing in fairy tales
especially violent dangerous
once and that is gonna take a long time
but we got to get on that road now so
that we don't have people taking benign
fairy tales and turning them into
dangerous fairy tales no matter what the
religion is and in one last time if you
think your idea of it of the way to
combat this is oh no no no I know it's
okay your sky got us wrong but my sky
got is awesome and of course it on a
mountain but obviously Jesus was born of
a virgin and walked on water and rose
somebody from the dead and we drink his
blood and eat his body every Sunday
obviously and art when we say everyone
should die at the end in a giant
Armageddon
that's awesome and humane but though
they're the bad guys you're not helping
anyone all you're doing is perpetuating
the same fairy tales and by the way
Muhammad basically ripped off the Old
Testament the New Testament yeah
apparently didn't like to work very hard
so he's like okay Old Testament yeah
I'll take a lot of those fairy tales New
Testament I'll take some of those fairy
tales and then at the end I'll write in
how awesome I am and how you should
follow me so the basis of it all is all
based on fixtures from thousands of
years ago so you're gonna stop at acts
like this unfortunately one of the
things you got to do is to end the fairy
tales if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm /join
