so the fallout continues from
Charlottesville Senator Lindsey Graham
condemning Donald Trump's equivocation
on the matter
he wrote through his statements
yesterday President Trump took a step
backward by again suggesting there's
moral equivalency between the white
supremacist neo Nazis and KKK members
who attended the Charlottesville rally
and people like Miss hire who of course
was person who was killed I along with
many others do not endorse this moral
equivalency so of course that sends
Trump into a rage or he's going to
triple down and dig this hole even
deeper he tweets public police
publicity-seeking Lindsey Graham falsely
stated that I said there's moral
equivalency between the KKK neo-nazis
and white supremacist and people like
Miss hire such a disgusting lie he just
can't forget his election trouncing the
people of South Carolina will remember
so that's classy you're threatening his
seed in the midst of this responding to
this national crisis and you're talking
about how he lost in the campaign well
okay I'm not gonna go back to all the
times where I can show you tapes of him
saying both sides do it and there's very
fine people on both sides and that the
left was very very violent I don't
because I don't have to he did the same
moral equivalency today so he first says
I'm not putting anybody on a moral plane
okay then he goes on to say this you had
a group on one side and the other and
they came out of each other with clubs
and it was vicious and horrible it was a
horrible thing to watch there is another
side there was a group on this side you
can call them the left you've just
called them two left I came violently
attacking two other group you could say
what you want that's the way it is you
just put them on the same moral plane
you just did it you did it again for the
third time that was a moral equivalency
on both sides were doing the violence
wait who got killed who ran over are the
other people no it was that was all
right apparently your side because you
keep defending them three four days
later you're still defending no now it's
five days later you're still defending
and you're still snobby now maybe they
had it coming maybe the people who got
run over a murder had it coming very
violent very violent terrible horrible
things on the left side so the guys who
are not seasoned the guys who were
protesting against Nazis did well
Baltimore Island they're both at fault
so just let's be clear about it yes you
are definitely putting them on the same
plane you're doing moral equivalency
that's because you're a monster and you
think those guys who went enchanted the
Jews will not replace us they went found
a synagogue in Charlottesville and they
started walking around with their guns
chanting Sieg Heil oh there's some fine
people on that side Trump says there's
some fine people on that side so were
the people inside the synagogue who were
scared for their lives and in America in
2017 what would they also have it coming
this guy's disgusting so you can't stop
he can't stop him so what did I tell you
I told you he can't stop himself he's
gonna keep on digging and digging and
digging because that's who he is he's
stubborn he's a moron and yes he is a
white nationalist I'm not saying it he's
the one constantly defending them okay
he says sad to see the history and
culture of our great country being
ripped apart with the removal of our
beautiful statues and monuments you
can't change history but you can learn
from it Robert Lee Stonewall Jackson
who's next Washington Jefferson so
foolish
also the beauty that is being taken out
of our cities Towson parks will be
greatly missed and never able to compare
ibly replaced so let's just first start
with the difference between Washington
Jefferson and Stonewall Jackson and
generally one side were Americans
they started America Washington and
Jefferson were they perfect of course
not do we study them in their full
context yes any smart person would but
they start in America and and built the
foundation for a country that is amazing
and yes that Union needs to be perfected
but they wrote a beautiful Constitution
and one of the the greatest documents
ever and one of the reasons is one of
the greatest documents has said you
should change this
from time to time and you should make it
better and we have the other guys
betrayed the country that Washington and
Jefferson started and were traitors and
murdered Americans in the middle of a
civil war hundreds of thousands of
Americans lost their lives because those
traitors start a war just so they could
own other human beings if you can't
understand that distinction you're not
an American you're of course also not
very bright and don't dare ever lead in
one of your rallies a USA USA chant as
you celebrate the beautiful statues of
the traitors who betrayed this country
we lost more people in that war than any
other war because of those traitors that
you now call beautiful and those
beautiful statues were not put up right
after the Civil War they were put up
during the Jim Crow era and had a very
specific purpose it was to intimidate
African Americans living in the south
over 700 of them were put up over 700 of
them are still up and they were put up
in places like where slave auctions used
to happen that was not an accident
they put it up next to the slave auction
to remind people that there were slave
auctions and those were the men who
protected the idea of slave auctions
they are not beautiful they are
disgusting just like you Donald Trump
the other places they put them up is in
the big town circles and squares to say
we run this place and then they put them
up next to government buildings and
courthouses to say you'll never get your
rights african-americans so are they
right in tearing them down god damn
right they are you're gonna walk in the
shadow of those monsters the ones who
took your freedom your lives let alone
everything else no no no no and he calls
them beautiful the jury is in man
there's no questioning anymore what
Donald Trump is he is and let me be
incredibly clear here racist he is a
clear racist and if you don't like it
that's a sad day for you but that's a
fact
you don't go support these monsters
he said if you look there were people
processing very quietly the taking down
of the statue of Robert Ely they were
holding torches imitating a Klan rally
chanting blood in soil which is a Nazi
chant
they also chanted Jews will not replace
us another thing they were not quite
about is when they murdered Heather hire
and he ran over 19 other people you want
to make excuse for him go ahead but the
jury's in and the facts are in he's a
clear racist and anyone who supports
that racist knowing who he is you know
what you are too and if you want to cry
about it you want to be a snowflake you
want to get triggered by the facts go go
cry and cry and cry the reality is the
Confederacy were traitors they wanted
slavery they wanted to they believed in
white supremacy and yes you moron if you
believe in white supremacy that is the
definition of racism I saw an idiot
Klansmen the other day on a video going
oh yeah why people are too pure you're
right I know that's why you're so
successful right you freaking loser
it's just nothing but absolute trash
sitting there saying how he's superior
to other people because he isn't because
he's a loser and he desperately
desperately needs someone to be lower
than him and he can't do a base on a
meritocracy so he's gotta say I don't
know I'm gonna pick a random thing
whether it's religion or race and put
that guy underneath me and he said why
people I prepare iron and then they say
well isn't that racist
he goes no I've not raised him no that's
the definition of racism and you support
the Confederacy you support those men
those statues you support those traitors
you support guys who imitated a Klan
rally you support Nazis who ran over
people and chanted Jews will not replace
us yes you are a racist and a bigot if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
com slash join
