okay before we get started I need to say
something that needs to be said and
you're gonna understand the context
later in the piece Nazis and white
supremacists are terrorists just like
Isis and the people affiliated with them
are also terrorists just like Isis we
lock up Isis affiliates as we should so
why do we treat Nazis and white
supremacists differently well here's why
because they're white I didn't wait why
did Trump wait so long to condemn Nazis
I wanted to make sure
unlike most politicians that what I said
was correct I'm sorry but if you think
that Donald Trump is ever waited to be
correct before speaking you are
absolutely a moron and should turn off
this video right now while you're
turning it off go follow my Instagram at
least you'll fit right in with the rest
of some of the commenters you don't make
statements that direct unless you know
the fact Donald Trump is not a person
who's known for waiting for the facts
especially when it fits his agenda like
in the case of the supposedly Muslim
shooter that attacked the mosque in
Quebec as you may remember the White
House immediately used that to promote
Trump's Muslim ban we're not gonna wait
and react as I said in the statement the
president's gonna be very proactive with
protecting this country turns out that
the shooter wasn't a Muslim but a
fucking white nationalist speaking of
white nationalist back to
Charlottesville I had to see the facts
unlike a lot of reporters the facts the
facts yeah Donald only waits for facts
when he's clearly in the wrong but then
he conveniently brushes over the
realities if the Nazis happened to vote
for him in fact everybody said his
statement was beautiful if he would have
made it sooner that would have been good
Donald no sane person said your
statement was beautiful are you fucking
kidding me as a matter of fact the only
people who supported your statement was
this guy promises and this guy
hail Trump hail our people hail victory
hail Hydra
those are the guys on your team and
you're absolutely aware of this which is
why you're still trying to shift the
blame it took you three days of
withering bipartisan attacks before
reluctantly condemning the KKK and the
Nazis which is probably the most
American thing you can do and then
within 24 hours you drew an equivalence
between the groups you just condemned
and the counter protesters who suffered
casualties on what planet are Nazis and
the people Nazis run over with their
cars equally at
all what about the alt left they came
charging at thee as you say the alt
right do they have any semblance of
guilt
I think there's blame on both sides
asking for accountability from these
people is like asking my Heather hair
didn't move out of the way the car it's
like blaming part of the violence during
the civil rights movement on those pesky
protesters who kept taunting those
police dogs
it's like claiming that the Twin Towers
were leaning into the planes
it's a Neal Brennan joke this is victim
blaming 101 but I guess it's hard to see
that only one side was responsible for
the violence the Nazis and their
sympathizers when you know they were the
side wearing your uniform why else would
you say this not all of those people
were neo-nazis believe me not all of
those people were white supremacist by
any stretch it's so strange when the
same person who holds all of Islam
accountable for terror is so eager to
turn the other cheek when it comes to
excusing violence committed by his rabid
white supremacist followers now I'm not
saying all of Christianity is held
accountable all white people are held
accountable for the actions of these
fucking assholes just like all this lump
shouldn't be held accountable for the
actions of Isis but you also had people
that were very fine people on both sides
yeah Trump's right there were some very
fine people on the side of the Nazis
advocating for ethnic cleansing
let's take a look nothing to see here
just a bunch of normal nice white folk
are the nice people here don't really
see the nice people when I'm looking at
the militia are they are they here let
me ask you this if Isis a violent terror
group advocating for the destruction of
America and its values just like Nazis
and white supremacists are wanted to
exercise their First Amendment rights by
setting up a heavily armed bought
peaceful protest just like this one
where there's brandishing assault rifles
and waving black flags calling for the
death of all Christians and then one of
their radical sympathizers engage in an
act of terror by violently driving to a
crowd of counter protesters would you be
looking to shift the blame to the other
side like this you had a group on one
side and you had a group on the other
and they came at each other with clubs
but there is another side you can call
him the left you've just called him the
left that came violently attacking the
other group because the only difference
between Isis and the Nazis is the color
of their skin Donald as a matter of fact
white supremacists are risk
possible for the majority of domestic
terror but I guess that's the reason why
the many memos that came from the FBI
and the department homeland security
warning your administration about the
fact that white supremacist groups had
carried out more attacks than any other
extremist groups and that number was
going to increase found itself in the
trash said this one some to say it again
I'm not saying that white Christians are
Nazis but the fact that you're trying so
hard to make it seem like actual Nazis
and their sympathizers should not be
condemned is the exact reason why 60
years after the civil rights movement
these assholes don't feel the need to
hide their faces under hoods anyone and
everyone who does not condemn them
outright is absolutely complicit in the
violence that has already taken many
lives and will only escalate from here
so I'm asking once again to everyone
conservatives progressives everyone do
the right thing do the American thing
and join the fight against white
supremacy and Nazis and
