usually when it comes to Americans who
air their grievances about police it's
people and minority groups black lives
matter for instance however
interestingly enough all of a sudden
white nationalists and neo-nazis who
took part in the hate rally in
Charlottesville Virginia are saying we
really don't like the way cops treated
us uh we're we're surprised that cops
acted this way
and so now there are all sorts of
complaints about how the cops didn't do
enough to protect them to look out for
them to defend them let me give you a
couple examples Richard Spencer was one
of those people who criticized the way
cops behaved during the hate rally he
says I have never felt like the
government or police were against me
there has never been a situation in my
life when I felt this way when I felt
this way
so but Richard that's exactly what white
privilege is that's what we're trying to
explain you and I've said this a
thousand times in the show
white privilege doesn't mean that if
you're born a white kid in Nebraska
you're rich and famous well of course
not nobody thinks that right it's just
that you have a privilege you don't even
realize you have which is that some
people just have it worse than you so
there is some SH is made about African
Americans and that's borne out by the
statistics you give you the standard one
no or Wyson black smoked pot at the same
rate but blacks get arrested at four
times the rate so when you don't get
arrested for smoking marijuana you don't
know that you had that privilege but you
don't know that you're that blacks are
four times more likely to get arrested
for doing the same exact thing so here's
Richard Spencer a white nationalist
racist Nazi and saying like hope that
cops have been on my side the whole time
yeah gee I wonder why Richard I can't
quite tell and you're the guy who denies
that there is such a thing as white
privilege you just basically admitted it
so let me give you the rest of his
statement he says that after what
happened in Charlottesville this has
changed everything I thought that the
police would uphold constitutional law
no matter what but they do uphold
constitutional law what is he even
talking about okay you guys were able to
show up to Charlottesville practice your
First Amendment right and you did what
you did and then when things got violent
cops did what they're supposed to do get
people out of
to make sure that no one gets killed but
someone did get killed right because of
people on your side Richard Spencer so
that's that was actually Jason Kessler
Charlotte the other rally organizer in
Charlottesville and so think about the
white privilege there for a second there
side had a valid Nazi and I'm not saying
that Kessler made him do it or Spencer
told him to do it but it was somebody
from their group that and there's
pictures of him standing right next to
everybody else and the goofy like
shields and batons they went and killed
somebody and ran nineteen other people
over now even the just apartment would
cause him a domestic terrorist and they
say and then the cops busted up the
rally just because we murdered someone
and again you know you want to say no
it's not fair to say we someone on his
side murder someone and ran nineteen
people over just because we had the
terrorists on our side then the cops
want to stop our rally where we were
killing people
ha this has never happened before
usually the cops help us that's kind of
what the point the other side was making
Pat Dickenson says I blame the
rank-and-file cops for being cowards who
obey unlawful orders but the orders came
from higher up okay so you say cops are
cowards now what happened to thinking
that cops are always right that every
black unarmed black person and unarmed
black kid who gets shot and killed is a
bad person a thug like all of a sudden
oh you guys are the victims and again
they love to make themselves the victims
over and over again while they point the
fingers at minorities who actually are
victimized and blame them for playing
victim but what happened to blue lives
matter before you're all about blue
lives matter the minute they break up
your rally after someone was murdered
you're like oh look I got cops you know
what outreaches think cops are doing
well to be fair to them they said they
didn't know they were going to be part
of a unpopular minority group oh and
turns out they come to find out that
sometimes the government does treats
minorities a little different than they
treat other folks and now that you feel
you're part of a my party group and an
agree
not see all right white nationalist part
are you gonna be okay special snowflake
this is another layer to what what we
talk about when they worry about the
white race is getting overtaken is gonna
be to me Latinos pretty soon they're
gonna be the largest group in the
country all this stuff pretty for a long
time now about how the numbers are
bearing that up because they're worried
if they're actually a minority group
they think everyone else will treat
their majority value the way they always
have by expecting your cops to do things
for them stomp their boot on the neck of
anyone else and destroying their lives
because that's the way they think it's
like oh my god we got to make sure we
stay here where we are at the top so
that no one else gets on us the way we
get on everyone else no one everyone
else doesn't think the way you do so
like if it's again it's a it's a
one-track mind it's not seeing any other
part of the world except from your own
lens by the way you know they bring up
the Constitution all the time right oh
these coops are on a pole do
constitutional rights
I would like them to sit down for just
ten minutes and read the Constitution
just read it for the first time in your
life read the Constitution that doesn't
mean you read one Amendment okay your
favorite Amendment which is of course
the Second Amendment I actually want
them to read the First Amendment I want
them to understand what the Constitution
says because our Constitution supports
the freedom of religion and you guys are
marching with neo-nazis who are against
Jewish people terrorizing people who are
praying up 200 feet away at a synagogue
threatening them okay I mean just the
fact that they claim that they care
about the Constitution you don't care
about the Constitution you don't
understand the Constitution you've never
even learned about the Constitution you
just say that because you pretend as
though you're some sort of law-abiding
citizen who's trying to protect American
values you don't care about American
values because if you did you wouldn't
be a hateful piece of shit that you are
okay so they trained they chanted Nazi
chants blood and soil they said they
chanted the Jews will not replace us by
a local synagogue they chanted Sieg Heil
now that's not to say that every person
in the entire rally did all those things
but they're right next
those guys yeah they're the ones who
came in with the torches like a Klan
rally this this is not this is not a you
know a hard question we you know exactly
what the point of that rally was and so
and and then then they complain well how
come the cops didn't supporters we had a
permit and we did everything right and
the names they do cops betrayed us you
know but they wouldn't ask the cops
they're like no we had everything
planned out with these guys we were
gonna let them let that much we did let
them March but they were supposed to
come from the back of the park and they
decided they were gonna follow the rules
and then they didn't come from the back
of the park and they came from somewhere
else
which made it so much harder for the
cops to do their job and maintain order
now what do they say to blacks every
time there's any kind of an unarmed
black eye shadow would have why don't
you just listen to the cops just follow
their orders and you wouldn't have any
problems here it's unequivocal the
police say we gave them very clear
directions we worked it out ahead of
time and they did not listen to those
directions and finally out of all these
wonderful quotes my favorite is also
from pack stick Dickinson's when he said
this was a quote conspiracy to deny
civil rights such clowns it's
unbelievable how gigantic of clowns they
are like you know we mentioned that they
you know they're all they're
anti-semitic rants but these guys have
been anti-muslim from day one so on
there you never read the Constitution
you never cared about the First
Amendment freedom of religion and we
don't establish a religion in America
because you don't believe in the core
ideas of America America is not fascist
is for freedom and liberty and equality
for all you should read the document and
then you don't care about the civil
rights of anyone else who from a
different religion you don't care about
it when it comes to black people you
certainly don't care about it when it
comes to gay people but when Nazi civil
rights are touched my rights as a white
supremacist trampled upon and that's not
a snowflake that's a blizzard watch The
Young Turks commercial-free downloaded
or stream it watch it anyway you like a
TYT Network
/join
