okay there's still a ton of racist
monuments in America but take that
number that pre-existed and subtract one
from it because in Durham North Carolina
for years there was a Confederate
monument outside of one of the
courthouses and then this happened let's
take a look at video three
so that video was established in 1924
and it was a monument to Confederate
soldiers and underneath it it said in
memory of the boys who wore gray
following the events in Charlottesville
there was a demonstration during which
the monument was taken down there's a
handful of responses that we're gonna go
over today and some of the fallout from
it including the words from the governor
but first we're gonna take a look at
video 5 which shows one man his reaction
to it so let's take a look
sir would you be willing to talk with us
as to one thing I got to say what you
see right here is a bunch of Liberal
Democratic bugs that's backed by Barney
Sanders and Hillary Clinton as calls and
all this stuff throughout the south
related to the taken down in the
monuments and the Confederate flags okay
she didn't see he put a confederate flag
at the base the battle flag at the base
of that monument with nothing on it
anymore if he's saying that it's Barney
Sanders my favorite thing out of this
whole story is against the Confederacy
we commit which committed treason
against the United States of America and
supported slavery I agree
Barney is against that and so am i and
there was a there was a really
interesting symbolism there it was
probably unintended of a rope around the
neck of the Confederate soldier as they
brought it down now in that case it's
just symbolism it wasn't a person in the
past it was a person and it was being
done to the other side and now also on a
lighter note they got to be careful with
those statues somebody's gonna get hurt
I was it was terrifying to watch it I
wasn't happy that people had kind of
cleared out yes you don't know what's
gonna happen one hits the ground okay
and then here's another reaction this is
from Doug McIlroy who is a reporter for
Fox News we're gonna take a look at
video 7 Richmond Virginia not far from
me of the former capital of the
Confederacy where they're already heated
discussions about what to do with
Monument Avenue which hosts a variety of
Confederate statues there the mayor of
that city wants to preserve the statues
but preserve them in context that is
unpalatable as you can understand to a
lot of people those who find the whole
system of slavery to be so important
that we should have no memories of it
whatsoever to those who believe that
what their great great great great
granddaddy did in the Civil War should
be remembered in preserved that's a
common context that a lot of people try
to portray around the
of statues something that their great
great granddaddy did yeah so my point to
that is there are a lot of German
soldiers in World War two who were not
Nazis not all the soldiers were Nazis
the the higher-ups were Nazis
so that doesn't mean that if your
great-great Grandaddy was a german
soldier in World War two that he was a
bad person you were a bad person and
your whole lineage and your whole race
or ethnicity is bad it it doesn't mean
that at all we don't make the same
mistakes that the other side does which
is just judging people based on who they
are okay but does that mean we should
put up monuments in Germany to old Nazi
soldiers and idolize them no it doesn't
put them outside of the courthouse right
you are walking into ostensibly a place
of justice and to walk by a statue
dedicated to people who fought to keep
folks in Chains that's not I don't think
that sends a very good message and I'm
fine taking them down so it's look we
live in a unique situation where we we
had a civil war in this country and one
side betrayed the United States and but
what we accepted them back because
that's how magnanimous and waterful
America is but now there's 700 monuments
across the country for the traitors and
it and it wasn't like well you know you
say traitor we say rebel okay but one
they were any way you slice it in any
words you use they rebelled against the
United States of America so never ever
chant USA USA if you're carrying a
confederate flag because you did you're
supporting the people who did the exact
opposite and second of all you could say
hey what a rebel alliance against the
evil empire would wait in this case if
you're saying that the evil empire is
America and second of all you guys were
the ones that had slaves oh like it's
just not a leg to stand on here other
than yeah but it was my great-grandpa
what do you want me to do about it and
so if you said what do you want me to do
about it then I'm on your side not only
do
but it's not your fault you didn't do it
that was hundreds of years ago but if
you say no I want to celebrate the guys
who wanted to uphold slavery I want to
celebrate the people who committed
treason against America I think it's
fair to say I don't want to celebrate
that in public
that's because especially if I'm look if
you're a decent American this should
apply to all of you but if you're an
African American and you got to walk in
the shadow of that monument every day
I mean if can imagine if they put up
statues in in Germany again of this
example of of Nazis and said what would
it was they're a great grandpa what can
I do it and Jews you have to walk
underneath it every day no no no no no
there's a way to say hey look not
everybody in that war was guilty and
we're certainly not putting it on you
and for example Germany is wonderful now
and and stuff stay legal yeah yeah and
but we don't have to celebrate the bad
guys and and in that case they they
committed treason against America they
went to war they killed hundreds of
thousands of Americans and it's not a
thing we should celebrate let alone with
slavery so and then also this Fox
reporter you watched the evolution of
what he says into other things so let's
take a look at video eight and then this
ventures into the area of airbrushing of
history a tactic of totalitarian
governments a common practice in the
former Soviet Union where people who
fell into disfavor in the government
were literally airbrushed out of history
okay so they weren't literally every had
a lot of problems what he said the
ancient Egyptians photos literally
photoshopped people out of history I
love how the only way people can learn
about American history is through
statues that are erected in front of
courthouses in America No okay right if
you want to if you mind if you want have
a conversation about who attempts over
and over again to airbrush American
history it is 100 percent the right wing
specifically the school board in the
state of Texas that wanted to do away
with civil rights leaders in their
history books for grade school students
right that's what they wanted to do they
wanted to replace people you know that
like Thurgood Marshall they wanted to
get rid of third group Marshall from the
history books and replace him with
frickin Phyllis Schlafly okay whitewash
American history to meet your goddamn
agenda like the fact that they're saying
this because people don't like
celebrating individuals that fought to
keep slavery in America is fucking
ridiculous and I'm so tired of it yeah
so in terms of whitewashing I mean what
a hilarious comment if you if it's one
thing to say it didn't exist no liberal
in his right mind would ever say hey
don't teach the Civil War don't teach
the Confederacy or don't show one side
of it no we want full context right
because we're not afraid of the truth
but it's a different thing to put up a
statue and go yeah Bravo traitors Bravo
right so those are two different things
you guys are the ones who say oh what
slavery that wasn't really part of the
Civil War and you didn't talk about
airbrushing history go read what the
traitors wrote the vice presidency of
the Confederacy said this is about
slavery we want to keep our slaves
you're talking about airbrushing history
come on now having said all this I'm a
little concerned about people doing this
on their own and and I I don't think I
want I want that to happen but that's an
interesting conversation and I and I
want us to have it and I want to ask you
guys about it because one there's that I
mean this is a small small issue but the
little safety issue of one of those
sides gonna fall on somebody right but
secondarily
we should vote on it but you can't take
the law in your own hands
so as much as that's a very cathartic
moment and I'm not looking to punish the
people who did it but going forward
that's the thing we have to decide as a
society so and that's okay because we'll
have this conversation and many more
like this to get to that decision and to
get to a point where we won the majority
you see what I'm saying
in various parts of that conversation
we're addressed by the North Carolina
governor really quickly and we'll talk
about that when we talk about his
reaction to this but really quickly
let's do the final video from
Doug Mackel way about the person you
know who drove the car into the crowd at
in in Charlottesville killing one person
Heather hire the young woman the 32 year
old who was killed by the white
vigilante who mowed down people in
downtown Charlottesville on Saturday
just an interesting aspect of it calling
him a vigilante um it's it's he's the
one who also interviewed one of the guys
walking in front and we did yesterday I
believe when he asked him what's going
on he salutes those effing jewel lovers
are trying to gas us something like that
so this is the same reporter and when
later on that same one from yesterday
they asked him where are you from what
news all that here from he goes Fox News
and it was a it was a pride behind it
like you guys are gonna mess about from
Fox News it's okay you're in a safe
place here to continue right because I'm
sarin balanced and my priority is the
truth yeah so he continued his wrap up
but first talks about the two
perspectives just there's there's
there's tones in the way he talked in
previous videos I'm gonna relapse a few
things I'm sorry
so he goes people that thought slavery
was so abhorrent that it should be
completely eliminated from any any kind
of memory versus the people who thought
that great great granddaddy's so there's
this comfort wording of great Grandaddy
yes so we talked officially about people
you'd say oh they're great your
grandfather's their ancestors there
there's people to fought in the war
they said it's their great great
granddaddy's it's so close to home
those are multiple generations removed
people's fathers can be criminals and go
to jail he's supposed to look hey don't
follow what your father did just lose
your father that's mean you got to do
that same stupid shit but anyway he was
just he was welcoming it then went on to
Hollywood cycle totalitarian government
he kept going and I was like how far is
this guy gonna go when does this
stand-up news report gonna keep changing
and then now the the terrorists who ran
through a crowd of people protesting
it's a vigilante he's out for justice
now he's a vigilante because the police
aren't doing it is that so
the entire picture was painted a certain
way and it just got more more disgusting
ya know that that's saying the last clip
was so over the top and so you know use
and there
clip that jr. is referencing when they
with a guy well then one of the
neo-nazis talk about Jew lovers that we
showed on the show yesterday and then he
kind of chuckles duck back away does and
goes excuse his French not French okay
and and it's not cute and it's not
clever and so but you know what
it's just that spur of the moment I
didn't hold that against them and that's
how do you react to such an insane thing
to say but when he comes talking about
people's granddaddy's and why walk
washing out their poor great great
granddaddy's and the well vigilante you
know he did something and so like you
saw the tone of that was pretty
disgusting but but back to the core
issue of are the monuments today the the
woman who pulled that Monument down was
arrested Kia Thompson yes and she
climbed the ladder and she put the rope
around the statue and so now a lot of
people are very very frustrated because
DeAndre Harris was viciously beaten in a
garage during the Charlottesville riots
and and by the way it's interesting how
you know we have used neo-nazi client
etc and the media uses it but those guys
somehow didn't get called a riot when
the right wing was doing it and and you
know thugs some people call them thugs
others not as much and in the cops I
think showed a lot of restraint they and
they have caught any of the people who
caught beat DeAndre Harris and he got
eight staples in his head broken bones
chipped tooth etc so now look to be fair
maybe it's harder to identify them find
them etc I'm not saying that's the
end-all be-all that's the only thing you
should think about and and it was easier
to find Tahir Thompson look I don't
think they should do it again I'm
curious what you guys say they anybody
right because it's different people in
different places and so but at the same
time I think that if I'm on the jury I
say let her go right and that's what a
lot of people are asking for she says
quote I did the right thing everyone who
was there they did the right thing that
statue glorifies and conditions the the
conditions that oppressed people live in
and it had to go it needs to be in the
garbage but there are there's mixed
messages is what a lot of folks are
saying coming out of this like the
Sheriff Mike Andrew said let me be clear
no
is getting away with what happened and
then as we mentioned earlier the
governor took to Twitter saying racism
and deadly violence in Charlottesville
is unacceptable but there is a better
way to remove these monuments hashtag
Durham so that's the governor saying
there's a better way in the wake of that
a lot of folks were saying what do you
mean you're saying it should stay up he
followed up with an op-ed today and in
that op-ed he calls for three specific
courses of action first he says I've
asked the Department of natural and
cultural resources to determine the cost
and logistics of removing Confederate
monuments from state property as well as
alternatives for their placement at
museums or historical sites where they
can be studied in context secondly there
is a law from 2015 saying that if you
want to move any of these you need the
permission of the state the governor
says that should not be the case and so
he's calling for the repeal of that law
and he says quote cities counties and
the states must have the authority and
the opportunity to make these decisions
and finally the third thing he said is
the North Carolina legislature should
defeat a bill that grants immunity from
liability to motorists who strike
protesters the Senate should kill it
full stop so there is a law right now
going through the North Carolina
legislature it was passed by the house
giving immunity of folks who and this is
not the only state where this happens
there's other states where this is a law
or is in the process of trying to get
passed that grants immunity to people
who drive into protesters this we heard
about first in the Dakota access
pipeline where they tried to pass this
law and and so the governor says that
this should be brought to an end those
lawmakers in in the house in North
Carolina who voted in favor of that
legislation are terrible people and they
are not they are not fit to be
representatives of any human being
regardless of political ideology if you
ever think that it's acceptable to run
over anyone regardless of their
political ideology regardless of the
reasons why they're on that road or on
that sidewalk protesting you're you're
not you're an embarrassment to the human
race
so yeah North Carolina North Dakota
legislators on ray
to embarrass themselves really I mean
you're for law and order and you think
people should run over protesters
exercising their First Amendment rights
as Americans you can get frustrated that
people are on the road but by the way we
do rallies the road all the time I mean
it's an American tradition we do 4th of
July celebrations on the road we do a
lot of things on the road and some most
of the time people are permis but not
every time so you think you're the idea
for for something that annoys you
because they're either not your ideology
or they're blocking traffic for a second
is to kill them and then you want to put
that into law are you insane and now
we're talking about putting Takeo
Thompson in jail no no no no I mean we
have to have a sense of proportionality
here again
I don't want the people taking the law
into their own hands because then we're
gonna have a contest between who can rip
down the most amount of statues and and
I'm not sure I can see the Trump guys
trying to take down the Statue of
Liberty now okay oh so I'm not in favor
of that but at the same time I mean
these are not these are not the same
thing somebody so here's what I'm not
gonna do I'm not gonna put an
african-american in prison and take away
their freedom for taking down a statue
of a Confederate soldier who's trying to
take their freedom away forever not
gonna do that
okay so having said that now let's get
back to order a little bit and guys as
much as we want and to take down these
monuments and we're frustrated I believe
in our system and Boyd's rough ride
sometimes I get that I mean that's a
great great understatement but we got to
get a majority people to agree with us
and then let's take him down through our
system of government and democracy so
that's my take on it do we have a poll
on so the statute of limitations should
they have pulled down the Confederate
Monument in North Carolina yes or no
so tea or tea network.com slash monument
what we're really asking there is you
know should they do it again and I
because it's look everybody's worked up
super understandably because somebody
just got killed by neo-nazis and the
Klan guys is set on the alt-right down
in Charlottesville and that moment of
passion you take down a statue I'm not
putting you in prison over especially
given the context of it but what I'm
to use because people are gonna want to
do it again and some of you might think
that's fine man no we're not gonna have
those monuments up for one more second
right and I understand that frustration
I'm saying I think we should do it
through government and yes some of those
governments are deeply Republican
they're not gonna want to move for a
long time and it might even take decades
in places like Mississippi and that is
deeply deeply frustrating but but I
still think we should go through that
process say he was standing in front of
the General Lee statue which now they're
worried that's the next target for the
vigilantes
so also sort of course protectors of the
statute they're gonna start forming now
we're going to get fights when we get
clashes so it's just a it's just as far
as a governmental point of view it's
just you have to think about general
public safety it's now you gonna have
fights break out let me guess more
people beaten from whichever side you
want you just want to avoid conflicts
for about 12 minutes there was a all
right rally planned at Texas A&M for
September 11th and the the University
said we're just too concerned for
people's safety we have something to
point to now we we cancelled it so are
we all agreed Anna also don't tear down
any money missing abstain okay I hear
you and there is that sense of
frustration in the country yeah we keep
playing fair we keep playing fair with
individuals who have no interest in
playing fair no interest whatsoever so
that's that's where my frustration comes
from I think you can I think in these
situations you can look logically yeah
I'm fine with when when people say
things like these need to be appreciated
in the proper context I think they're
being disingenuous when there is a I
mean I did a lot of research I did a
video about this where it was a
sing-along to all the Confederate
monuments in America within like the the
Statehouse in Tennessee there is a bust
of Nathan Bedford Forrest it is a
ridiculous place to have it in a place
that represents legality and and the
legislative process in courthouses it
just shouldn't be there because of what
it absolutely stands for and that that I
when I when you say it should be
appreciated
context that doesn't mean putting a
plaque underneath that no one's gonna
read I think if you put it in a museum
that's fine
I think right now if I were to think
about the kinds of statues I want in a
museum if you had a whole museum full of
these monuments and that museum showed
the same way other countries in the past
and other places have said this was a
dark time in our history we have a
monument saying that we're sorry for the
internment of Asian of
japanese-americans and it says this was
a low point in our history that's one
context and I think a very strong statue
to have in the proper context is this
one is this mangled completely destroyed
statue saying this was in front of the
State House this is what people started
to do and I think in the best interest
and safety of folks to have this process
go forward and and find the right
equilibrium to say like we need to get
rid of these and we need this first
start with the ones that are in the
worse positions that are you are super
the most in disingenuous to say that
these are you know booth put a plaque in
here when it's in front of a Statehouse
yeah so look final thought on this this
is America we do believe in freedom of
speech and and the Klan does get to hold
rallies they do and that is deeply
deeply frustrating but that's that's
part of the freedom of speech so what
they don't get to do is run over people
and murder them and so that has to have
consequences and what they don't get to
do is say well now you have to like me
haha no I don't have to like you I have
to let you speak but then I can condemn
you they're very very forcefully and so
last thing I'm on the statue in
particular is it reminded me a little
bit of pulling down Saddam Hussein's
statue there's a moment after you've
been abused by this guy and tortured and
and oppressed by this guy there's a
moment of venting when Americans came
into into Baghdad where the Iraqis
pulled down the hit statue of Saddam
Hussein because they didn't want it
anymore and let alone tearing down the
wall in Berlin there is those cathartic
moments and this was one of those
cathartic moments I think we have to
leave it where it is because I think
Jerez absolutely right this could spin
out of control and I think that's not
good for anyone involved at the same
time are we gonna go prosecute the
people who tore down the Berlin Wall no
we're not
don't put that woman in jail that's
crazy if you like this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
