in the midst of all the violence that
happened in Charlottesville there's
another story of another man being
attacked there was of course the
neo-nazi who ran over 19 people and
killed Heather higher but DeAndre Harris
was part of the counter protesters he'd
gotten with friends and he thought the
whole situation was over he's going to a
garage when an number of white
supremacists surrounded him and start
beating him within inches of his life so
let me show you a picture that I was
taken at the time now he was
significantly injured which I'll tell
you about but he was attacked because he
was a counter protester and these are
white supremacist so he's black
apparently a good enough reason he said
they were beating me with the poles I
have 8 staples in my head a broken wrist
and a chipped tooth he said his friends
noticed that he was not with them they
turned around and and at some point
noticed that he was underneath these
guys and they came in to help and pulled
him out and Harris says if they hadn't
come and done that they might have
killed me so this is what we have now
lynch mobs in Virginia in America again
and Harris went on to say me and about
five my friends were out protesting we
thought the racists left but at one
point they came back
everyone was exchanging words with the
group but then the KKK and white
supremacists just rushed us he also went
on to point out that the beating
happened right beside the police
department and no police were there to
help me at all my mom is now thinking
about suing the city of Charlottesville
look so a lot of people are frustrated
with the police now I'm of two minds on
that I think that the police are
pursuing the people who did violence
they lost two of their own in in what
happened over the weekend with a
helicopter crash and and the
right-wingers a lot of them were armed
so if you go into that crowd god knows
what happens next i man imagine if they
all start shooting this is insanity and
they told us no no no the white
nationalists are just
speaking well do they look like they're
just speaking now looks like they're
doing a lot more than speaking and they
said no guns protect people does it look
like it's protecting people the cops are
afraid of going in to deal with violent
protesters because they have weapons
this is an absolute disaster
so Adam server said I personally saw
Ferguson police use crushing force
against protesters for much less than
what the Nazis in Charlottesville are
doing today and again people online
saying well maybe if those guys instead
of having poles or weapons or cars
ramming into people had skittles or
loose cigarettes then the cops would
have been all over them now again I
don't think that's exactly fair because
that was an incredibly volatile
situation and if the cops charged the
right wing after they started causing
violence well first of all they have a
responsibility to that is why I'm I'm
torn on this issue if you see them using
the mace throwing the sewage as they
apparently did throw tear gas canisters
well then you got to take action and I
remembered Ferguson there was not any
hesitation as points out here that to
take action on the other hand there was
not people who were armed in there in
the crowd and ready to fire back and the
right wing as you see in these stories
not everybody in the right wing but
significant portions enough to show up
here and do damage and do violence for
them violence is an option they don't
view that as illegitimate they view it
as part of how they would seize power
and here they are doing it so I look man
in some ways I'm horrified by the
inaction but in other ways I understand
that if the cops drew weapons there it
could have been way worse and and
probably now they're he's getting beaten
in a garage and a lot of the cops are in
the streets so it's so on that portion I
think it's it's they were in a very very
tough situation the ACLU of Virginia
says clash between protesters and
counter protesters police say quote will
not intervene until given command to do
so
so apparently they will where they were
not given the command to do so and
understand the two different contexts
there's all the protesters and counter
protesters outside and then the car rams
into the crowd for a neo-nazi does that
injures 19 kills people then the cops of
course do take action in the garage we
don't know that there were any cops in
the garage the police department is
around the corner
but again it is mayhem there and Charles
Ville over the weekend but I think most
importantly the one thing that is
crystal clear is one side views violence
as legitimate and part of their modus
operandi and so this is how the brown
shirts begin and if you let them get
away with it they're gonna do it twice
as much next time so there's all these
discussion online about whether people
are in I showed up at a protest if their
face should be shown by the media you
showed up at a public protest but that's
put that aside these people that are
beating DeAndre Harris
they're committing a crime so I assume
and hope that they're now on wanted list
pursued by the authorities for serious
assault showing their face so that we
can cap capture fugitives should be
something that the entire country should
agree on these are dark dark times we've
got to be very careful as to how we
respond and the way we should respond is
calmly but forcefully with the
government not people taking action on
their own but asking our Justice
Department's at our police to actually
protect our community and to serve
justice and so far at least in arresting
fields starting a wider investigation
they have done so so let's give them an
opportunity to complete that work I
think when they do hopefully it sends a
very strong message not in America if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
/join
