it's time for final thoughts I wonder
what verbal diatribe we've been served
in this edition of carpool misanthropy
one eventually I guess mate is it hating
Muslims nope
is it trans bashing not today is it
hating on Obamacare while continuing to
sponge off her parents health insurance
warm is it hating on black lives matter
warmer
oh I know it's crying some more about
Colin Kaepernick under the false
pretense of patriotism wrapped in
selective outrage with a dose of bigotry
to bring us home that's the one you've
gone and done it now Tommy
Tania Toni tilapia Thalia tomato lasagna
it's pretty sad and pretty pathetic that
the modern-day definition of a social
justice movement is a protest outside of
NFL headquarters welcome to social
justice in 2017 enjoy the lunacy okay
seeing as how you describe yourself as a
free speech constitutionalist Tommy
constitutional I'm a constitutional what
would your version of a social justice
movement look like how about forming a
group to speak on behalf of marginalized
groups that are unjustly maligned for
demanding equality under the law you
tweeted about black lives matter
meet the new KKK okay so that won't work
what about exercising the First
Amendment right to petition the
government for redress by taking to the
streets to protest protesting turning
into rioting and looting and burning and
militant actions don't stand there with
your signs and your March and pretend
you speak for women because you don't oh
yeah you said that okay scratch that one
off the list
all right what about silently and
peacefully taking a knee while the
national anthem is played for some
strange reason that no one questions
before a football game it protects your
right to the away knee indulgent
attention-seeking cry-baby
no go on that either okay well it kind
of sounds like regardless of whatever
form of protest is enacted on behalf of
the mistreatment of black Americans it
doesn't fall under your correct form of
exercising free speech Tommy well what
about if they just went on TV and cried
about how expressing a difference of
opinion have consequences
sounds like you've shed a tear or two
over this hey maybe your points will get
stronger after this so what are they
rallying for for the 40,000 homeless
vets on our streets every night
right on cue here comes the let's
exploit veterans as proxies to reaffirm
bigotry it's so predictable at this
point Tommy and it's absurdly if a
critical considering that
just last week you were celebrating
Don's decision to fire 15,000 troops who
will now become unemployed veterans
adding to that list ah but we're
forgetting the freedom they'll fighting
for isn't the same because of the whole
what's in their pants question I mean
how can I feel safe here at home in the
United States if some of the troops
overseas putting their lives on the line
to protect our freedom
make me feel uncomfortable it's America
first remember not Americans first
Kaepernick is an attention-seeking
crybaby who takes out his perceived
oppression the oppression that he was
apparently exempt from while making 19
million dollars a year shit she sold
that she's gone and done it the cure to
racism is to make money should someone
tell LeBron James of having the n-word
sprayed on his door doesn't count
because he's rich or someone tell Obama
that being the only President in history
to be subjected to the demands that he
produces birth certificate wasn't wrong
because he made that moola the fact that
he made his money has nothing to do with
this and you know that Tanya it's just
an easy way of deflecting from the fact
that it is still unacceptable for a
black American of any socioeconomic
status to speak out against the white
narrative Kaepernick's case is arguably
more important as it symbolizes the
selective outrage manipulators like you
have when it comes to the treatment of
black people you tell Kaepernick you
shouldn't protest the unlawful killing
of black Americans because he made money
yet you have said absolutely nothing
about why he protested the
unconscionable injustice is those less
fortunate than him experience but who
don't have voice to speak out you know
for the likes of falando Casteel I'm
curious actually I never saw your video
explaining why they officer who filed
seven shots into the mine from
point-blank range walked free you never
talked about that Tommy and look Tommy
part of me understands why you think
that Colin Kaepernick has ulterior
motives and protesting probably because
you get paid a shitload of money to say
things that you don't really believe it
I guess his wallet is more important
than his cause okay now you're just
trolling right the guy who made a
million dollar pledge cares more about
his wallet holding seminars paid out of
his own wallet throughout the country
for his cause isn't he also the guy who
during the offseason while under
withering attacks from Patriots like
yourself thought it more important to
donate and raise money for starving
people in Somalia rather than downplay
his actions from last season to Inc
chances of getting on an NFL team roster
what the fuck have you ever done for the
cause you fight for Tamale because
yelling from how reporters covered about
how patriotic you are is all talk where
are your actions to justify your cause I
stand for our service members our
veterans our Leos and our first
responders not for the indulgent a-hole
who disrespects them and this summarizes
the inherent flaw in every defense
tomato laryngitis makes against anyone
who wants to know what she is against
that they are disrespectful well let me
send you back up to your pick up in
Dallas with this point Tommy you use
Obamacare right I'm 24 so I am still at
my parents so you use the existing
health care system because you're
privileged but you don't think it works
as well as it could so you criticize it
you think it could be better so does
that make you a disrespectful unamerican
crybaby what's the difference between
you questioning the health care system
that you take advantage of and
Kaepernick questioning the country that
despite offering him great opportunities
which he acknowledges has also brutally
mistreated the black Americans he's
fighting for where's the difference well
there is one difference and as the color
of skin so you say that's important to
voice criticisms because that is how we
have an honest discussion maybe that's
not the conversation you want to have or
that your maggot jugs want to hear no
well they'd rather hear insults lobbed
at black people calling them thugs or
trans people calling them distractions
or immigrants calling them threats to
national security basically anyone who
speaks out against the dominant white
establishment narrative and that's
exactly what you give them
so wait who's sacrificing the cause in
favor of chasing the green again I'm a
psalm piker don't forget to follow me on
instagram at Hasan D piker follow me on
instagram at Francis and Maxwell don't
forget to follow me on Twitter and Hasan
the Hun I don't Twitter it Francis M
Maxwell like and share the video give
told me a good Buffy present and this
has been the breakdown
you
