about the only real accomplishment you
can say that Donald Trump has had since
becoming president of the United States
is using the government to make himself
even wealthier we know the Donald Trump
is constantly visiting his own
properties and when he does groups like
The Secret Service they have to have
rooms they have to eat they have to rent
golf carts the military needs to travel
with him on certain occasions and other
US agencies and groups have to spend
money as well when they travel with him
and again since he only seems to like to
stay at Trump properties all that money
is going to try the Trump Organization
which then goes back into Donald Trump's
personal bank account at the end of the
day Donald Trump is using the office of
the presidency to get even wealthier and
the biggest problem is according to
Democrats in Washington DC we still
don't know exactly how much money these
government agencies are spending at
Trump branded properties we do know the
total has exceeded several hundred
thousands of dollars but we don't have
the exact total because it's not being
released furthermore we do not yet know
if Donald Trump has completely divested
himself from his businesses and whether
or not he is still calling the shots at
any of the companies that he owns we
don't know if that's happened or not as
far as we can tell it has not so it's
likely that not only is Donald Trump
having his own government stay at his
properties and reaping the benefits but
he's actually still calling the shots
for those companies and that is why
Democrats in DC in Congress have decided
to introduce legislation that would
force government agencies to finally
reveal how much money they are spending
at Trump branded properties this is
something that the American public is
entitled to know these are our tax
dollars that they're spending that are
going into Donald Trump's pocket and he
acted like it was some big deal when he
was going to donate part of his salary
back to the government the government
again again part of it this man has
already made ten times
more than that by using the government
to stay at his own properties it's all a
show and somehow the Republican base
continues to fall for it
they're the first ones to piss and moan
about the government wasting our tax
dollars but see no problem with the
president spending our tax dollars on
his own goods so that he gets the money
we may as well stop sending in our tax
checks to the IRS and go walk up to
Donald Trump and just hand it to him in
cash in person because that's what's
happening in the United States today so
kudos to the Democrats for finally
trying to do something to get a little
bit of transparency in this government
but unfortunately even the transparency
that we could get from this legislation
that Republicans will never let see the
light of day will not be enough to
convince the Republican base that this
is a problem or that it's unethical or
that it's potentially illegal they will
follow this man directly to the gates of
hell that is how loyal they are to him
it doesn't matter how many times he
screws them over or what he does with
their tax dollars as long as he's not a
Democrat he has their undying support
