cNN has officially fired Jeffrey Lord
after he made a Nazi salute on Twitter
in reference to or in response to the
president of Media Matters who he
accuses of being a fascist now
interestingly enough Lord was speaking
to a reporter from Penn Live and during
their conversation he got a phone call
and it was from Steve Fannin in fact the
reporter said that Lord looked at his
phone saw the caller ID and said quote
it's Steven K Bannon who says that it's
Steven K Bannon I have to take Jake it's
janky yougurt or whatever it's kxe
genkai uber you have a cane it's it's on
a hit M Kasparian all right so Bannon
reportedly called Laura to show support
and encourage him to keep fighting so he
is obviously very supportive of Lord who
is you know an aggressive Trump
supporter and has been on CNN Lord also
gave a quick series of answers to Bannon
ultimately noting there was a reporter
in the house and he needed some time to
consider his options before strategizing
now he does have a book in the works
about Donald Trump and it seems like
there's a lot of interest in that and so
I'm sure he's gonna be fine I'm sure
there are media outlets and
organizations on the right that are you
know stumbling upon each other trying to
hire him now you know it's like
disagreeing with you Anna
yeah it's Jeffrey Lord is not going to
be fine
he's gonna have a little bit of a halo
effect here as people still remember him
because he's just just on cable news
non-stop for the last year or more and
so you'll get the book deal and you'll
get a thousand interviews now oh my god
are you okay you're such a victim and et
cetera which by the way I don't think
CNN should have fired and we talked
about that yesterday at least not for
what he just did here but
and people are gonna start to forget
about him and then trump's gonna be out
of office and two and a half years from
now somebody's gonna say Jeffrey Lord
and and everybody else on a panel like
this will go who was that Oh totally
yeah and also the other thing about
Jeffrey Lord is nobody really knew where
he came from right you know like they
don't really know what he was before he
got there if Paul Begala got fired you'd
say Oh Paul Begala he's had this history
in politics and democratic politics and
helps resurface because he's got this
pedigree nobody really knows what
Geoffrey Lord did where he came from how
they created him he's like a BA you know
and then any in fact in this article
where this local Pennsylvania
publication is talking to him he
apparently lives with his mom in the
middle of Pennsylvania right like so and
he went back there and so God blessed to
taking care of his mom that's a great
saying and but like just kind of came
out of a basement and I think is gonna
go back in no babies so I I wanna I want
to jump back to what started all this
drama with him getting fired right so he
gets into this very public Twitter beef
with the head of Media Matters and he's
accusing Media Matters of trying to shut
down speech that disagrees with the
liberal perspective which is not the
case so he's angry because Media Matters
is going after Sean Hannity specifically
and the reason why they're going after
Sean Hannity is because he pushed
incredibly dangerous and ridiculous
conspiracy theories on his show and so
that's not trying to shut down opinions
that you disagree with
that's about holding someone accountable
when their shit when they're essentially
sharing ridiculous conspiracy theories
that as we've experienced with pizza
gate could lead to dangerous
consequences right and so like I I just
I'm so telling the right-wing is always
talking about how liberals are
complaining about victimhood no you guys
are the victims okay you guys always
talk about victimhood no one's trying to
shut down your speech guess what when
you say ridiculous things people get to
respond you know in a free speech manner
and criticize it if you don't like that
criticism then stop being such a goddamn
snowflake so
you know I'm a little bit more torn on
this than you are it's definitely not
technically a freedom of speech issue
because Media Matters is last I checked
it's not the government it's not the
United States government okay so so they
are countering Hannity speech with
speech of their own but they are going
to advertisers as saying you should pull
out and so have they targeted Glenn Beck
yes but Glenn Beck said things that were
outrageous and so they were countering
that speech Hannity with the conspiracy
theory etc right and and they certainly
get to do it but are they targeting
progressive speakers know they're are
targeting conservative speakers so but
on the other hand if you say crazy stuff
what like what do you want like do you
you don't have a right to be rewarded
for it so like for example Alex Jones
says insane stuff day-in day-out the gay
frogs the the eighty percent pay eighty
percent coral eighty percent human
entities etcetera right so what are you
gonna go and say Walmart you must
advertise with Alex Jones right well you
can't make them do that and if somebody
was and they didn't like I go down for
that advertisers yeah that's where I
have some mixed feelings about because
and and it's I'm so torn on it because I
feel like yes of course conservatives
should be allowed to have their own
outlet it's America
no one's arguing that they should no
one's saying that conservative
perspectives shouldn't be shared with
the public
no one's going after Breitbart simply
because they share the conservative
perspective but if you are sharing
conspiracy theories that could lead to
something dangerous happening well then
I think it's completely fine for people
to hold you accountable for that and I
believe that that should be the case for
the left and the right okay and so like
this oh it's they're talking my free
speech no one's attacking your free
speech people are allowed to speak out
against something that they perceive is
wrong and I think you know the seth rich
conspiracy theories the pizza gate
conspiracy theories all of those
ridiculous conspiracy theories have
actual ramifications i ain't no but look
see if you these are all tough issues
because when you say conspiracy theory
well a lot of people can throw a ton of
stuff in there from like the most
outrageous horrific things like Sandy
Hook conspiracy that
to the JFK a murder well most people
think JFK was not shot by Lee Harvey
Oswald should we pull all their
advertisers should we if people think
that he was not shot but yes it would be
to be fair I haven't seen PO Li on it
and that would be a great question I
hope somebody does fall on it but that
is a little late to pull on people like
you know a 23 year old doing it right
now was you know born in 1994 right yeah
no no of course it's a historical event
and right now and but anyway that that's
a much more open question see again
we're in the weeds and it's not just
it's not as clean-cut to me saying hey
openly discriminatory stuff is worse so
but that's my opinion so for example
Steve Bannon had a show on Sirius
satellite radio and on that show who's
talking to Donald Trump during the
campaign uh and he talked about how oh
there's too many Asians and and and as
an Indians who run Silicon Valley firms
even Crump thinks that's a little too
racist and responds well that's ok
they're successful because he thinks
rich is good I don't mind our that's
fine right and Bannon goes no they don't
share our culture when that is openly
flagrantly racist against Asians and
Indians but somehow that's ok
but you know you do the centrist rich
conspiracy and you got to lose your show
so yeah and by the way you don't have to
lose your show and it's up to the
advertisers and Fox News and it's not
the government and I think Jeff Rizzo
should have been fired no I don't think
Jeffrey Lurie should've been fired for
this because he was not saying sake hire
like I like Nazis if he was God okay but
he was saying you're a Nazi and you're
telling me progressives haven't called
other people fascist a million times
Kathy Griffin had been fired by CNN
yeah well so that's why these are hard
questions and I thought what Kathy
Griffin did was terrible
she's also over the line he's a comedian
now Jeffrey Lords not we don't know what
he is but he's I know but so and that's
why it's even tougher well it certainly
wasn't funny right of your jobs to be a
comedian and you've now like really
revolted a lot of our audience but
should that be the
judge these are not easy questions but
the one thing we all agree on is media
matters not the government see it and
it's not the government they get to set
policy for their own organizations and
this is the decision of CNN made and so
and yes and another thing you're
overwhelmingly right about is they love
being victims right and like look it's
just like the whole College thing and
how oh the college is won't let me go
over there and speak which by the way I
will always always always be on the side
of whoever it is that wants to go on
that college campus to give the speech I
don't care if you are a member of the
alt-right a conservative a liberal
progressive don't care you should be
able to go share your ideas okay
free marketplace of ideas that's what a
college campus is supposed to be but I
got denied you know I got nominated by
students at the University of Colorado
Boulder okay and the School Board
decided you know what even though our
students voted to have Ana go over there
and speak we don't like what she says
about Trump so we're gonna go ahead and
veto it but I don't go around crying and
whining about it and argue that
University should lose its funding
because of what the board did to me
right I don't victimize myself okay and
so I want the same kind of behavior from
conservatives especially when they're
constantly pointing fingers at the left
saying that we're the realest know what
motivates them is victimization anyway I
mean their country's being taken away
from them that's the basic they play
victim from the very beginning and
that's what starts all of it is they are
taking my country away from me I'm a
victim yeah and that's how it works one
more thing on the hypocrisy which is
that so do they stick up for
progressives like you who are not
allowed on college campuses
because there's some conservative
douchebag on a board somewhere in a
college board somewhere no they love
that they love it when there's when it's
a what if a protesters on violence were
against it they're against oh what a
state does violence were against that
they're they love it right when a
protesters shutdown speech there yes
that were against it when a board member
who's connected and conservative and has
a lot of money shuts down speech were
yes that they love it and when Colin
Kaepernick speaks out we're against it
we're because we we believe in the
concept of freedom of speech the 49ers
and
all other teams are also not the United
States government but we say as a
concept he's making a political
statement it's okay everybody's gonna
live right you should let him do that
the other side know how dairy
he said something we don't like what
happened to your freedom of speech what
happened to your principles now you guys
are absolute utter frauds that's true
but that doesn't mean that we have to
copy them we should be as principled as
we possibly can be but these are
difficult questions and that's why we
have this discussion and a little bit of
debate and we don't all of course agree
on exactly where the launch should be
drawn and finally one more thing for you
guys who are conservatives the
marketplace you know you love that don't
worry you soon the marketplace will
speak about Jeffrey Lord like my guess
is it's not gonna have good news for us
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
