30 states in addition to the District of
Columbia currently have laws that
legalize marijuana in some way most of
these states have legalized the drug for
medicinal purposes but at least eight of
these states and DC have legalized weed
for recreational use meaning that people
could consume marijuana purely for
enjoyment purposes
earlier this year Pew Research found
that about 6 in 10 Americans say the use
of marijuana should be legalized
reflecting a steady increase over the
past decade in April of last year a
yahoo news and Marist college survey
revealed that nearly 55 million
americans used marijuana at least once
or twice in the past year close to 35
million our what the survey calls
regular users or people who use
marijuana at least once or twice a month
considering how widespread the drugs
uses and how liberal people are in their
ideology toward weed it's fascinating to
see how often it's used to smear people
especially after they've been the victim
of a wrongful police shooting news broke
last week indicating that Dallas cop
amber Geiger was arrested and charged
with manslaughter in the shooting death
of a 26 year old black man named Botham
shem Jean Geiger told police that she
mistook John's apartment for her own and
thought he was a burglar when she saw
his silhouette she also claims that he
ignored her verbal commands so she
opened fire firing two shots and killed
him whether or not there was malicious
intent in the shooting is a big debate
and it's certainly a big debate among
those who are following the story but
whether it was a mistake or not there's
no question that the shooting led to a
wrongful death but as often is the case
that nuance doesn't really seem to
matter to some there's this ongoing
trend of smearing victims of police
shootings at Fox 4 a local affiliate in
North Texas just provided the latest
example Fox 4 shared a tweet that
included a story they published on their
site with the headline indicating that
marijuana was found in John's apartment
after death
shooting any reasonable person reading
that would think that it automatically
means that John was the pot user in the
story which shouldn't even matter by the
way we'll get back to that in just a
moment but it needs to be called out
that the tweet is deceptive and
misleading because if you dig just a
tiny bit deeper you'll find that there's
no proof that the drug belonged to the
victim in the first place the inventory
return shows two fired cartridge casings
one laptop computer a black backpack
with police equipment and paperwork an
insulated lunch box
one black ballistic vest with police
markings ten point four grams of
marijuana in Ziploc bags one metal
marijuana grinder two keys and two used
packages of medical aid now the document
does not say where any of those items
were located in the apartment or who
they belong to
yeah meaning that they could have
belonged to Geiger we don't know yet Fox
four eventually changed its misleading
headline but kept the misleading part
the new and improved version reads quote
lawyers disgusted by the release of
searched Waring marijuana found in
Botham John's apartment Jesus Christ I
mean that headline is still terrible and
while there's a note saying that the
article has been updated there's no
mention of why or how which is
information that responsible journalists
typically include in a press conference
responding to the smear tactics both of
John's mother explained that she will
not sit back and allow the investigative
focus to shift from the shooter to the
victim to have my son SMED in such a way
I think shows that they're persons who
are really nasty who are really dirty
and I'm going to cover up for the devil
Amba Geico
I don't know my son to be involved in
such and I want to find out whether the
toxicology reports on on amber has been
released because she was the murderer I
want to find out whether her apartment
has been searched whether her car has
been searched and also on the Saturday
when we spoke to the Texas Ranger he was
saying that there was no reason in his
mind that she ought to have been locked
up
Shawn's mother brings up several good
points based on Giger's own admission
she was the one who mistakenly walked
into the wrong apartment
allegedly believing it was her own she
had been living in the building for more
than two months at that point if her
account is true why did she make that
fatal mistake Shawn King also notes that
Geiger keeps changing her story which
adds quite a bit of credibility to
witnesses who dispute her reckless
recollection of that night the two
conflicting stories are noted in two
different warrants related to the case
according to the Fort Worth
star-telegram one version of events was
outlined in an affidavit which was
written by Officer David Armstrong of
the Texas Ranger division the content of
that affidavit is based on what Geiger
told him in it she says quote she
inserted a unique door key with an
electronic chip into the door keyhole
the door which was slightly ajar prior
to Geiger's arrival finally opened under
the force of the key insertion when she
opened the door Geiger said she saw Jean
in the dark apartment she had
encountered a burglar which was
described as a large silhouette across
the room in her apartment
that's when Geiger drew her firearm and
gave verbal commands that were ignored
by Jean now again that's according to
the affidavit in it she also says that
she fired two shots with one fatally
hitting Jean however a search warrant
tells a conflicting story alleging that
an off-duty Dallas police officer who
was wearing a full Dallas police uniform
was attempting to enter the apartment
number 14 78 with a set of keys an
unknown male inside the apartment
confronted the officer at the door
a neighbor stated he heard an exchange
of words immediately followed by at
least two gunshots again that's
according to the search warrant
while the arrest warrant describes Jean
as being across the room the search
warrant says that he confronted Geiger
at the door it's not our job to
investigate Geiger and her decision to
shoot an innocent man in his own home
that's what investigators should be
doing rather than attempting to smear
Jean with marijuana that might not be
belong to him in the first place
and even if it does turn out that Jean
was a marijuana user why would that
possibly justify this senseless killing
we have presidents who have admitted to
their own pot use and they've done it on
the record it's not indicative of
criminality and the cops know that it's
shameful to see these tactics use time
and time again by the very justice
system that's supposed to be keeping us
safe
you never have to miss another episode
of no filter by reading the bell below
you'll get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download our TYT Plus app on your iPhone
or head over to TYT comm / join
you
