recently we've been discussing important
issues like can women actually succeed
in technology can they code well instead
of turning to pseudoscience and vague
ideas of what a meritocracy is let's
turn to some actual coders there was
research done on github which is a
massive collective of programmers and
coders working together in an
open-source community together to see so
one group of researchers went to see if
women were discriminated against in
coding the researchers found that code
written by women was approved at a
higher rate 78.6% than code written by
men this is when they were doing certain
things called pull requests which is
when you work with different coders
perhaps you know that perhaps you don't
to collaborate on a project so when the
women woman coders were not identified
as being gendered they generally had
their requests pulled more and when when
they were identified as women a little
bit less so let's start to break this
down I love this because this is real
it's not an experiment it was based on
actual pull requests on github and it is
an enormous amount of data because there
was three million pull requests so this
is people actually taking action on
something they deeply care about a
project that they're working on so they
want results so we know based on this
overwhelming data in this particular
example here when they look back at it
and remember they didn't look it was
something spare and they look back at it
to see what actually what human beings
actually did so when when they see that
it's a woman they accept the the code a
little less they request that code yes
yeah so they the women write the code
they say okay they a little less but not
it's not a huge number it's not a huge
difference but a little less but what
they when they don't know that it's a
woman it's gender-neutral but in fact it
then you could look at to see men and
women women do as Kim explained about
four points better seventy eight point
six to seventy four point six so I think
that has a number of ramifications
obviously
James Amaury who worked at Google
recently came out with the memo saying
that women are are not necessarily
biologically equipped to work in the
tech field in the same way that men are
and one of the issues that I had with
that when we discuss it on the show
yesterday was he was you know he would
make these huge generalizations and he
would at best have one study to back it
up and I said wait wait a minute wait a
minute I need some interesting
conversation and we should have that
conversation and in fact this leads to a
further conversation on that matter in a
way that's somewhat uncomfortable but
you can't make generalizations based on
just one data point and if you're good
at tech you should probably know that
and to be fair this is only one look as
well I would want this study to no end
but yes there was three million pull
requests here so it's pretty significant
right and and even the student
researchers who looked into this were
were shocked at the results because they
were actually expecting the opposite
outcome right and so it is an amazing
you know bit of research looking into
the biases that we might all have right
because I don't think that their peers
looked at the coding and and you know
thought oh I just don't want it if it's
a woman I don't think that it's
something that they explicitly say out
loud I think it's it's an internal bias
that there may be unaware of and I think
that it also has a lot to do with social
conditioning right the way that mass
media portrays women in STEM jobs and
how you know this idea that they're not
equipped is perpetuated over and over
again and so I look I like this study
but at the same time I think that the
conversation is important and my biggest
issue with the story involving that
Google engineer was I agree with you he
generalized there were issues with what
he had written but the way Google
handled it I think unfortunately stopped
the conversation it squashed the
conversation when we should have a real
conversation about it
I think there are some legal
repercussions I mean are ways they
handle this because if he had done it on
social media for instance they they'd
have to probably let him have his
freedom of speech but this was done in
an enclosed employee was it a forum
that's like an internal forum type thing
and when we're looking at that I mean it
is a it is up to them to govern this as
they see fit he is it really protected
in any way and I was reading about
different peer reviews for getting
raises and promotions within Google and
knowing that that is there as a bias is
kind of creating an unfair work
environment or at least a a hostile work
environment so to that point Susan
Wojcicki just wrote an article about
this in in Fortune and she's the CEO of
YouTube obviously a big part of Google
and and she was it's actually out of her
garage or her house that they started
Google she's on the first employees
there so obviously incredibly successful
in the tech field and she said look I've
had these biases directed at me
endlessly throughout my whole career
that's fine I made it anyway right but
it's not fine because I have to protect
all the people who now will feel will
have to face the same stereotypes the
same biases so now are they going to
think that women are neurotic and can
tennis don't belong in tech and then
they is it fair to say them then they
feel it's a hostile work environment
when they are then when they face those
stereotypes based purely on their gender
and not on their individuality right and
even if that's not what the more I
intended that is certainly a lot of what
people got out of this and she made a
simple point that I did in the video
yesterday which is she said look if you
put anybody else and said well blacks
have lower ability to code or people who
are gay have lower ability or Hispanic
well of course it would be unacceptable
right and and so just because you're
saying it's women doesn't make it any
more acceptable and look I think that
what women who are working at Google
right now or women who are working in
encoding jobs or in Silicon Valley who
are experiencing this type of
sexism firsthand I know how difficult it
is and look it's not the onus is not on
you I definitely understand that but I
love the women who are fighting back and
they're not being intimidated by these
ridiculous generalizations and the
insults that are being thrown their way
like keep fighting you know and and the
reason why I say that is because like
let's keep it real even this work
environment has changed considerably in
the last 10 years you know what I'm
saying like let I was definitely not
happy when I was in on the first hour
when I didn't get to cover the political
news and I fought for that you know and
the reason why I'm bringing that up is
because every woman in every industry
experiences the same and and my
argument is don't let these guys who
like to make generalizations about you
and who like to judge you discourage you
from doing what you want to do you know
what I'm saying because another part of
this that I think I'm frustrated by is I
think people who are commenting on it
are overly victimizing the women in
these work environments acting as if
like we're all weak and we can't handle
a little bit of criticism and that gets
under my skin too but it's not a matter
of handling criticism Anna it's about a
prejudging them and so and look you know
you bring that up I don't agree with you
and so it had another new with whether
you were capable to be in the first hour
and only on The Young Turks would you
have this conversation in public yeah I
don't know open and John had been
practicing to do that the first hour and
had done had done it over and over again
that's why he got a shot at it so we
disagree on that and that's okay and it
doesn't matter because at the end we
have plenty of women who are represented
on-air etc but by the way I always admit
to this which is that look when we first
started hiring here I hired a lot of
people that I knew and I knew more guys
and so that is exactly what's wrong it
was not bad in ten but so the reason
that you fight for diversity is because
people do hire people they know and if
they are only hiring from a certain
subset whether it's whites or or in
depending on a situation it might be a
different religion or gender etc that's
why you have these conversations that
are sometimes on
Tribble so that we can get to a better
place now back to github look this study
is not the end-all be-all - because it
is already looking at women who are
coders and so there's the issue of self
selection here so I understand that
that's why I said in the studies related
that demora quoted and this one you've
got to study at a hell of a lot better
than that before you start making
generalizations about men or women and
and then finally so according to this
data and if you just took hey who's the
better coders meritocracy right
right-wing always says meritocracy of
course we believe in meritocracy too we
believe that you should trust judge
people based on their individual success
and hence based on these results if you
said hey meritocracy just hire women
because they're better coders it's the
data the data shows they're better
coders right well that would be stupid
because first of all it's a four-point
difference and if you have a random guy
and/or an a woman who are applying for
the job
that four point difference does not
apply to those two individuals they're
individuals so give everyone the same
shot give them equality of opportunity
don't judge them based on stereotypes
and then judge them as individuals so
we're not looking for women or
minorities etcetera to have some sort of
advantage what we're saying is
historically they've been at a
disadvantage and partly because of the
stereotypes so let's just level the
playing field so they have equality of
opportunity and now that we know men are
not as good at coders as women men
should have equality of opportunity to
don't discriminate against men just
because they're not good coders help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
