Melania Trump is pretty popular in her
home country of Slovenia but you better
not call her an escort or you will find
yourself in a lot of trouble I
personally think it's more hideous to
knowingly marry a monster than to
potentially have been an escort but
that's just so she has her own attorney
in Slovenia who is pretty well known for
appearing on CNN on national television
and has worked on a national level even
by the name of and I'm probably
mispronouncing this Eric Musa
no one knows okay I was hoping who has
talked a lot about fighting various
legal battles for Melania back in
Slovenia on that she has said she said
to me that she did not want to sue
anybody that she was not doing that for
money she obviously does not need it she
just wanted me to set limits about what
is allowed and what is not allowed this
is on the topic of a few magazines
publishing stories about Melania
according to Ana nymphs Tova at The
Daily Beast people were publishing
scandalous stories about Melania others
were starting to try to use her name for
their merchandising even naming a cake
after her a magazine in Slovenia called
susie published an article that months
saying that in the 1990s Melania nerves
as she was then known worked for a
modeling agency run by Paolo's Empoli in
New York that quote operated as an
escort agency for wealthy clients a few
weeks later Pyrrhic Mazar and her client
filed a lawsuit against susie and that's
not the end of the lawsuits in October
of 2016 they filed a lawsuit against
Tamas mihalick in a court in that place
a place it accuses him of defamation of
making false and unverified statements
against Melania the case is still in the
courts and that doesn't necessarily need
to be anything that is found scandalous
or
negative in particular photographer
Matthew Italian was Melania Nobbs
roommate in the Zeckendorf towers on
Union Square in New York City before
Melania even met Trump itani and told
The Daily Beast that milania's lawyers
banned him from publishing any
photographs of young Melania on that he
said all I had was good wishes for her
in the interviews then I get nasty
letters from her lawyers threatening to
sue me and bankrupt me if I publish any
photos of her this is not how you treat
a friend so yes and there have also been
people claiming to have been her
boyfriend and she says he was never my
boyfriend it's a lot of back and forth
yes so fun times for Melania in Slovenia
so the interesting thing is you know she
aggressively went after a couple
publications because they wrote about
how she was allegedly an escort and she
says no I was never an escort so she
filed defamation lawsuits against them
one of those lawsuits was actually
against the Daily Mail who later
retracted the story and issued an
apology but Sussie magazine in Slovenia
refuses to retract the article there
they're standing by it and they're very
defiant and so it that is an ongoing
legal battle in in that country but it
may look I never believed those articles
and besides which I don't care I don't
care if she was an escort I don't care
what she's done with her life it's
completely irrelevant but the fact that
suze magazine stands by and they refuse
to retract it is interesting especially
considering the fact that you have this
insanely powerful woman who has a
powerful lawyer going after you and
they're like no yes it's impossible to
determine anybody's motivations here
because when it comes to the magazine
they could be just getting more
attention and maybe that said they view
that as a net positive and they'll
settle at the end who knows it or they
think it's true and they don't want to
get intimidated but now remember Melania
Donald Trump is unpopular in Slovenia
because it's a much more liberal country
but Melania is very popular because they
feel like she's adding a soft touch they
say to Donald Trump and she's
representing there
her country well and it's fine so so I
don't know what their motivation when it
comes to Melania I can tell you
strategically she's made a mistake here
because going after this magazine who
cares you know about this random
magazine in Slovenia all it does is it
puts that story about how she might have
been an escort back in the news over and
over and over again so it's just a bad
strategy now I don't know why she's so
defensive about former relationships
even a certain champ
yeah I mean if you had a friendship or
you had a relationship where you had
boyfriends when you're one of some of
the cases when before she was 22
so one everybody had it would be weird
if you didn't have boyfriends before 22
it'd be weird if you didn't date anyone
before Trump actually was super weird it
was the Trump I don't think it's about
the fact that she dated people prior to
trouble of course she did I think the
the concern is that people will look to
cash in by airing maybe some of her
dirty laundry I mean think about it
there might might have been people in
her past that she confided in they might
know personal things about her that she
doesn't want published out there like I
get it by suing and going after this
rinky-dink publication in Slovenia
you're you're bringing more attention to
it but I can also say you know having
gone through similar to fam'ly Tory
claims against me like it's frustrating
because people get to decide what your
reputation is for you and they get to
defame you as much as they want and you
feel powerless against it so it's a
really difficult balancing act and you
know I'm not criticizing her at all I
completely understand why she would want
to go after them you know with a lawsuit
yeah and there's just no way of knowing
guys it's because if she wasn't an
escort she'd be pest and she would do
this if she wasn't as course you'd want
to cover it up and she might do this but
at the end we all agree who gives a shit
yeah okay so even if she was so what and
and come on I guess the maybe they think
voters would care and especially their
voters because your voters don't care
about anything well you can shoot
someone on Fifth Avenue and they'll
still support you right but he 81% of
white evangelicals voted for Trump and
maybe they
think they care on that issue but in
reality it's your own personal life
nobody should give a damn what you did
with it as long as you didn't hurt
anyone else
exactly help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
