Mitch McConnell complained that Donald
Trump does not have experience of the
political process and as a result has
unreasonable expectations when it comes
to passing legislation well Donald Trump
and a number of people on the right
didn't take too kindly to what McConnell
had to say and so the response has been
pretty fierce and very interesting let's
hear from Donald Trump first he tweeted
about Mitch McConnell's statements and
said the following Senator McConnell
said I had excessive expectations but I
don't think so after seven years of
hearing repeal and replace why not done
why not it's not done because their
replacement plan was deeply unpopular
and even members of the right did not
want to repeal the Affordable Care Act
and specific components that they get to
take advantage of right components
including being able to stay on your
parents health insurance until you're 26
Tommy Lauren or not being a you know
disregarded by insurance companies or
rejected by insurance companies for
having a pre-existing condition what
Republicans could have done is improve
the Affordable Care Act but they can't
do that they're gonna go ahead and upset
their donors if they do that so instead
they're gonna go ahead and try to screw
the American people over but nonetheless
Republicans failed with this you know
attempt and Trump's upset about it and
Mitch is right but Trump is always also
right like it's really interesting yeah
what look so let's go to a dance Kapinos
tweet on it so he is the social media
person for Donald Trump he helps him on
Twitter which is hilarious all right he
says more excuses and the Senate
Majority Leader must have needed another
four years in addition to the seven
years to repeal and replace Obamacare
well again to Anna's point he's right I
mean you had seven years to come up with
a proposal that was great and that you
can get all of your Republicans to vote
for once you guys have the majority but
he's also wrong because their proposal
was never great and Trump is Covino and
his whole team
that miserable proposal the reason they
couldn't pass it is because they didn't
have enough votes because they were
lying those seven years they pretended
and Trump during the campaign did the
same exact thing and even more they
pretended they had a secret magic
options that would cover everyone would
give you a lower premium and better
coverage well none of those things
turned out to be true their option
turned out to cover 20 to 30 million
people less than it's covered now turned
out premiums were going to be four or
five times higher now four or five
percent four or five times higher for
older people in America and higher
overall for most people other than young
and a healthy and and then and you would
get less coverage in your health care so
it was an epic debacle not because
somebody played the politics wrong not
because they didn't have enough time to
prepare it's because they were always
full of crap they never had a better
proposal so yes you guys can punch each
other in the face and god bless your
hearts keep doing that but at the end of
day you're attacking each other for the
same bill that you both wanted past that
America's hated and pulled at 17%
because you were lying all along and
that's a problem not because McConnell
is lazy or that Trump is is had too high
expectations it's just you guys never
had the right bill they never had the
right bill and they never listened to
what Americans really need or want and
that's the biggest issue it happens on
the Democratic side as well and so there
is infighting among Democrats right now
but you know you see the same behavior
on the right and it's time for lawmakers
who have gotten elected into office to
represent people to actually represent
their constituents because that's not
what Republicans did all they did was
whine and cry and mope about the
Affordable Care Act for seven years
knowing full well that that was actually
a Republican plan crafted by the
Heritage Foundation from Massachusetts
under Mitt Romney by the way okay so
final attack against McConnell came from
Fox and Friends fun little video let's
take a look he said the president has
not been in this line of work before I
think
things I'd done ahead of deadline that's
the problem nothing has happened they've
passed almost nothing of substance well
instead of complaining instead of taking
a recess and a break then fine go back
to the Senate work it out you get it
done for the American boys easy easy and
they're not ready they weren't even
ready to push the president's nominees
forward and fast years whatever time you
need get it done but don't complain
about it don't have the victim mentality
he's complaining that the president
doesn't realize how long stuff takes in
Washington we're not in the Senate
working by the old rules what they do
now is they write bills in secret they
airdrop them in on the floor and then
they're ran through on party line votes
and it lasts speaking of further Rotary
Club back o exactly after he promised to
stay through August or the middle of all
this vacation you know he's complaining
we don't have time the way they do it
he's got plenty of time to do that maybe
change the system maybe this is what the
president's talking about draining the
swamp maybe the the long lengthy
parliamentary whatever procedure system
they had it takes forever unbelievable
that's not realistic it's not realistic
because you stopped working true you
can't get things done if you
unbelievable unbelievable what
embarrassment oh that's kind of his home
state that's the he's the senator from
Kentucky anyway yeah and no these on
vacation no he's actually making a
political speech okay what let's get to
the to the essence here and I know one
more fun aside she's like they should do
that thing with the parliamentarian or
whatever it is that they do oh yeah yeah
please stop you won't her about
embarrassing okay so this is a
coordinated attack by all the Trump
supporters on Fox News Sean Hannity
called in capital letters
week a Mitch McConnell a weak spineless
leader who needs to retire and Lou Dobbs
another huge trump supporter said you
need to ditch Mitch and he called him
lazy McConnell so these are nuclear
attacks against Mitch McConnell and
there they said in the middle of that
segment this is what Trump meant by
draining the swamp he's calm he's saying
that the Senate Majority Leader for the
Republicans is this
okay that's what they're saying on Fox
and Friends so so you're going nuclear
on Mitch lucker McConnell we discuss why
that's a stupid idea
but my here's my question what's your
endgame so I know you're angry and your
egos been touched and you're a child but
do you have any strategy okay you nuke
your own Senate Majority Leader by the
way sometimes maybe you do need to do
that I'm not saying that that's an
option you should never take you want to
break the back of the elite in the
establishment I'm right there with you
right but then what do you do what's
your end game okay we get rid of Mitch
McConnell and then we have what a bill
that's a tea has 87% popular you know
you saw the bill that at 17% popularity
you still can't get the Senators if he
is moving the chess pieces around he's
like all right look let's target a weak
Republican who voted the wrong way and
we'll knock him out in the next election
that'll send a signal to everyone else
and then that will have reverberations
to Mitch McConnell etc well that's smart
strategy and it might work
oh let's fictive Mitch we go let's go
you bomb you swamp and then what also I
mean I feel like we're forgetting what
the whole purpose of the Senate and
House of Representatives is it isn't to
be like a group of water boys for
president Trump it's meant to challenge
his power to check his power and so if
the president is pressuring lawmakers to
pass legislation that isn't good for the
American people it is the responsibility
of these lawmakers to fight back and to
say no this isn't good for my
constituents I'm not gonna go ahead and
pass this legislation that's what
Congress is supposed to do so finally
look there's a lot of a different votes
on a lot of different versions of this
in McCain of course at the end voted no
but the two senators that were most
adamantly know on all these different
proposals were Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins
they're both Republican senators and
they voted no on on these proposals so
what do you do about that
well or why do they do that was it
because they're lazy
no they showed up they deliberated and
they voted no was it because they
over-promised well they didn't promise
to kill obamacare depend
you know they and him by the way in the
times it Murkowski intimated that and
you should hold her accountable for that
I understand that right but at the end
of the day they voted no not because
they were incompetent or didn't know
what they were doing they voted no
because they don't agree they don't
agree with the bill they think it would
take away insurance from at least 20
million people and it would lead to
higher rates and yes they would probably
lose their seats but also millions of
people in their states could get
affected so they don't agree that's your
number one problem you can't just say oh
go Gers whoa do you just agree but
that's not a solution these guys are
they they just don't have the intellect
for the job so and thank God for that if
they were smart they might be able to
figure out how to pass a disastrous
health care bill that would hurt all of
us but would greatly help their donors
but luckily they're too dumb to figure
it out watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
