Rex Tillerson went to Guam to ease
tensions in regard to what's going on
with North Korea and he attempted to
also make excuses for Donald Trump and
so I want you to watch the first video
here is Rex Tillerson saying look you
guys have nothing to worry about
well I'll tell you credit for one quick
thing which is going to Guam so when
someone powerful that part of the elite
goes and says look everything's fine I'm
here if it wasn't fine I wouldn't be
here well knowing that elite there's
some truth to that yes so so it was
actually slightly brave and definitely
the right move for tiller sink to go to
Guam I like is the right move so that
statement
I mean look there was a lot of emphasis
on making sure that Americans feel
comfortable and letting them know that
you can sleep at night again there isn't
much consideration for anyone else
living in any other country that would
be impacted by nuclear war but
nonetheless this second part of what he
had to say is what I think should be
concerning because again it shows that
Trump has surrounded himself with yes
men who refused to ever criticize him
maybe because they're worried about the
ramifications like getting fired
here's Rex Tillerson making his excuses
for Trump North Korea
because he doesn't seem to understand
diplomatic language okay but okay I see
that he understands that language but he
also understands that that language is
gonna rile him up further to the point
where he now starts threatening Guam and
threatening even more you know
retaliation against the United States
and neighboring countries so yeah he
understands it and he understands that
it's gonna make him even more angry and
even more irrational I like how he's
reading Kim Jung Woon's mind but
basically saying well this is the you
know speaking kim jong un's language are
you sure we should be doing that
remember Kim jong-un is a maniac so I
don't think that's a thing you brag
about like huh now Donald Trump is
speaking kamba Jeong Woo's language I
don't want our president speaking his
language that's it that's a terrible
idea
so just cuz he does maniacal
over-the-top statements which by the way
they have done for decades now and until
Trump we had measured responses to it
because we know that they don't launch
after saying they're gonna rip the world
apart and they're gonna send the Tigers
in the wolves etc that's their usual
nonsense propaganda but thin-skinned
Trump over there with his very fragile
egos what did he say to me what did he
say to me well I will talk his language
I will destroy no no it's a different
thing when the President of the United
States says they'll destroy someone that
has a lot of meaning instead of a clown
like Kim Jong moon yelling at it you
know into the sky what I don't
understand is you know this is obviously
an issue that comes up in every
presidency right
it came up during george w bush came up
during obama now it's coming up during
trump's administration and what i fail
to understand is look we have an
intelligence community that is keeping
an eye on north korea and knows what's
going on and we also have a military
that's supposed to have a strategy to
help you know maintain national security
and our safety why why would trump think
that it's a good idea to publicly make
these ridiculously irresponsible
statements right because if if the u.s.
has the ability to protect itself then
why is it that
all of this stuff needs to be public
because all it's doing is Fanning the
flames and look I'm in favor of
transparency but it hasn't gotten to a
point where North Korea is an imminent
threat to the United States and so Trump
needs to release a public statement
about what's going on
I mean he's not measured if I were
surrounding him or if I were in the
White House in as part of his
administration I'd sit him down and be
like look there's a lot at stake here
please don't make statements like that
off-the-cuff it needs to be measured or
else it could lead to a lot of people
died and I feel like no one has the
balls to tell him that would he even
understand it look here's how a smart
person would go about this and by the
way if you say you know what Clinton
didn't do enough Bush didn't do enough
Obama didn't do enough I hear you so one
of the things they should have done a
lot more of is pressure China mainly and
rush it to some degree because those are
the only neighbors that North Korea
actually cares about meaning that look
yes they care about sanctions that
France or Japan might put in but China
and Russia are the only ones that are
actually controlling the trade near
their border and if China and Russia cut
it off well then the actual leadership
in North Korea will be in trouble and
they know that so for God's sake get in
there figure out with the carrots and
sticks for China and Russia are and you
might have to make a deal you don't like
at all you might say hey China I'm gonna
let you manipulate your currency which I
despise it on the campaign trail said I
wouldn't do but in return you must do
exactly what we want to North Korea or
you don't do that deal but at least you
investigate that and and you come up
with all of your options those are
options 1 through 99 way before you get
to nukes and if you have to use force
and I understand that of course at some
point that could be possible my god man
before you start talking about news I
mean do we have an intelligence
community or don't we do we have a you
know Navy SEAL Team six or don't we I
would take every Navy SEAL team there is
1 through 6 1 through 60 and I would
rather drop them in the middle of North
Korea's leadership and yes of course
that risked their lives their Navy SEAL
Team six that's their whole point we use
them
instead of losing millions of people
whether they're in North Korea South
Korea Japan or in the US so I would do a
thousand options before I got to the
news on the minute this guy's challenged
in his egos challenge let's bring out
the nukes that's why he's a monster
that's why I think the whole world's is
in big trouble here because you nobody
can corral him and it isn't about what
the right thing is and he does not have
the intellect to figure it out so he
does what any baboon would do okay bring
me a stick and I'll bash their heads in
right we're supposed to be better than
that watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
