the conflict involving North Korea is
unfortunately getting worse due to some
of the public comments that Trump
continues to make now to give you a
little context yesterday during a press
conference in regard to the opioid
epidemic a reporter asked Donald Trump
what he intends to do with the issue of
North Korea developing nuclear weapons
and here's what his response was best
not make any more threats to the United
States they will be met with fire and
fury like the world has never seen he
has been very threatening beyond a
normal statement and as I said they will
be met with fire fury and frankly power
the likes of which this world has never
seen before thank you now North Korea
didn't take kindly to that message and
they responded by saying that they would
target Guam a u.s. territory and
unfortunately Donald Trump decided to
double down now he did so in the form of
two tweets he didn't mention North Korea
specifically but it was clear what he
was implying and what he was indicating
the first tweet said my first order as
president was to renovate and modernize
our nuclear arsenal it is now far
stronger and more powerful than ever
before that wasn't actually his first
order as president at least not based on
what he said while he was running but
nonetheless that's what he claims now
and he also says hopefully we will never
have to use this power but there will
never be a time that we are not the most
powerful nation in the world okay so
three things about this first of all
this settles the debate was he talking
about nukes yes he was clearly talking
about launching a nuclear missile at
North Korea so we live in dangerous
times with dangerous leaders so I don't
know who's the more of a spoiled
ignorant child filled with hubris
whether it's donald trump or kim
jeong-hoon but that is a dangerous
contest that they are in so it is firmly
established now what the Congress
about the US is threatening to use
nuclear weapons now we tell everybody
that they can't even have those nuclear
weapons because they'd be so dangerous
if other countries had them because they
might use them right but we have used
nuclear weapons and of course that's a
completely different context but now
we're threatening to use them again ok
number two almost everything in the
tweet was a lie so it was not his first
order his first order was against
Obamacare that order came actually a
week later that they immediately then
execute that he says it is now far
stronger more powerful etc no then
mattis his defense secretary to give a
different order for in April and none of
that has been executed because it takes
a whole year to even begin the process
so him saying now our nuclear arsenal is
even stronger but it hasn't even
happened yet ok you're not surprised by
any of these what we now consider
low-grade lies by Donald Trump and then
but to me the most important part was
the end when he said now nobody should
mistake that were the most powerful
nation on earth but nobody does mistake
that we know that the North Koreans know
that everybody knows that but that
doesn't mean since we are more powerful
we will quote unquote
win that's right right so because it
depends on your definition of winning
yeah can we wipe out all of North Korea
with endless nuclear weapons yes we can
should we is a much more important
question is that winning especially if
they launch their missiles on South
Korea Japan and even potentially some of
our territories I wouldn't call that
winning yes we would obliterate them and
it is not a win for the United States of
America and keep in mind that this is
all in response to the fact that North
Korea there is some intelligence
indicating that North Korea has
developed a smaller nuclear weapons that
they can place on to these missiles and
that means that they have developed at
least have some capacity to cause some
serious harm if not to the United States
I mean that's still a big question
definitely to their neighbors and so
South Korea of course is a huge concern
Japan is another concern and so for some
people if you don't dig deeper and kind
of understand the nuances of this type
of foreign policy it seems like he's
just being a tough president but
there are real ramifications to the type
of rhetoric rhetoric that he's using and
the first ramification is that now
people in Guam are worried about their
safety they're worried that North Korea
will retaliate by using their their
weapons against them and by the way he's
playing this dangerous game with a guy
who by all accounts is deeply irrational
so and he's been taught and almost bred
to be irrational and what I mean by that
is of course I'm by the nature of his
ethnicity but by the nature of the power
that he was vested with that his
grandfather and father were considered
holy leaders it in North Korea who can
do no wrong that breeds an unearned
confidence that is super dangerous
so as dangerous as Vladimir Putin is
he's a very smart guy and he takes
strategic calculated risks so if you
threaten Putin with nuclear war he would
know that you're unlikely to do that he
would be very unlikely to retaliate
given the consequences that he could
easily calculate and by the way that is
very soon true very much true for the
Iran as well
the leaders of Iran are terribly corrupt
and dictatorial and they but mainly they
want to make money and oppress their own
people they they can make normal human
calculations by the way they don't have
a nuclear program thanks to the deal at
Obama made so in the view when you do
with kim jeong-hoon that is not a
rational actor and one that has never
showed that he's ever cared about his
own people he's the one basically
imprisoning his own people so you're
playing with fire here literally and
it's not just Donald Trump so his
Secretary of Defense James Madison East
the statement in regard to what's going
on with North Korea and I want to read
you a portion of it first of all the
most relevant part in his statement was
the following the deep peak the DPRK
should cease any consideration of
actions that would lead to the end of
its regime and the destruction of its
people and so the fact that that's even
a consideration is something that people
should be concerned about it at least if
you you're human and you worry about
innocent in
vigils dying as a result of all this
another part of his statement that I
thought was relevant goes as follows
President Trump was informed of the
growing threat last December and on
taking office his first orders to me
emphasized the readiness of our
ballistic missile defense and nuclear
deterrent forces while our State
Department is making every effort to
resolve this global threat through
diplomatic means it must be noted that
the combined Allied militaries now
possess possesses the most precise
rehearsed and robust defense and
offensive capabilities on earth and
again this is how we ended the statement
the DPRK regime's actions will continue
to be grossly over matched by ours and
would lose any arms race or conflict it
initiates so again this talk of winning
and losing yeah I don't doubt that the
North Koreans would quote-unquote lose I
mean you just threatened to kill
everybody in North Korea yes that would
be a loss but that doesn't mean we win
we're number one we will have done
something horrific it perhaps by
launching noose even if it is 100
percent successful on North Korea can't
get a single missile let alone nuke off
the ground we will have is Center
incinerated hundreds of thousands
perhaps millions of innocent civilians
who are in North Korea if you don't care
about that there's something wrong with
you
now if you say look I get it but
Americans are more important I
understand that I look I believe that
all humans are the same I know that
conservatives find that to be an
outrageous position they're like no of
course not we are better than them or
whatever it is that you think okay and
look we live in LA our families are here
of course we care about our families
that we don't want to get hurt of course
right but that doesn't mean that I can't
care about them as human beings that
doesn't mean that there isn't a better
solution out there then I don't know man
I tried you know in 1999 Donald Trump
said that he would negotiate like crazy
with North Korea and that he would get
the best deal well where the hell are
those negotiate
where's the art of the deal no the minna
dete wasn't any kind of trouble he's
like alright let's consider launching
tonight people let's use weapons exactly
I mean his his way of winning a deal
isn't to negotiate it's to strong-arm
people and you know take drastic
measures and in this case a drastic
measure would mean innocent people dying
yeah and look when you take a drastic
measure in business and you declare
bankruptcy and you tell all your
investors screw you I'm never gonna give
you your money back
and and he did it six different times
okay but nobody died right when you take
drastic action as a president it's not a
business people's lives are on the line
and again our allies my god if I was an
au s Ally and we've got this man man
saying we're gonna launch nukes right
next to you again even if it's perfectly
successful the radiation would clearly
go into South Korea and it's not going
to be perfectly successful there's North
Koreans will launch and when they do I'm
telling you Millions is not an
overstatement even if they don't have
nukes they will obliterate Seoul South
Korea or they certainly could so this is
not something to be trifled with and
look if you say they want a nukes good
for you only press the button and I know
some people would never press it under
any circumstances but if the nukes are
already in the air against us this is
not a first option it is the very very
very last option when you say I will
incinerate you know what that means you
know what complain rightfully are
sickened by what Isis does to women
children mens throwing people off of
buildings and mountaintops and
butchering them nukes light people on
fire babies grandmothers aunts uncles
the very last option instead this guy
runs into a little bit of trouble reason
I don't know we got nukes we're powerful
we would win we would win okay uh and
it's threatening to use nukes it is and
if you think that's a good idea
there's something wrong with you you are
deeply immoral person watch The Young
Turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm /join
