Howard Dean goes on television he loves
to go out with his establishment friends
in the establishment media these days
this is actually one of the saddest
stories there is because Howard Dean
used to be a wonderful fighter for
progressives but he stayed in Washington
for a long time became a consultant
lobbyist etc and now is constantly going
on Morning Joe and telling the
establishment what they'd like to hear
so they're going to attack progressives
you might notice the a couple of the
guys in the first video that they run
which I don't think is an accident I
didn't pick this story based on that I
didn't see the video in the beginning
jr. pointed out he's like you're gonna
want to watch the video so you'll notice
a couple of guys there in the beginning
but don't worry about that what you
should focus on is what they're saying
and when I come back from the video I
like to tell you exactly why it is
preposterous and exactly the opposite of
what is true there has always been a
section of the left which I Carla call
as the the the whiny party that party
that doesn't really want to win they
just want to be pure and if they go down
swinging purely then that's fine well
the problem with that is it leaves
behind the people who really need their
help if we're gonna have a single-payer
medicare-for-all or whatever we're gonna
have in health care that covers every
American as every other industrialized
country have then and we all have to
pull together and people who sit out or
crank on some candidate because they did
this or that it wasn't to their purity
tests are basically turning their back
on the very people they pretend to
represent so I don't have a lot of
patience with with this wing of the
Progressive Party and you know I think
we just have to get a life and pull
together and do what's right for the
country instead of having these silly
fights among ourselves hmm okay so let's
break that down first the silly fights
amongst ourselves so would that be a
primary see this is what they're
completely contradictory about because
when Hillary Clinton was running they
said no primaries that silly fights
amongst ourselves
well okay Howard you want to go with
that no problem so I guess you're
against primaries which are silly fights
so let's just pick I guess whoever is
the most popular Democrat in the country
right now and not primary him
all right that's Bernie Sanders hey now
Howard don't be silly don't fight
amongst yourselves you said you want
single-payer Oh have I got good news for
you our deed bernie sanders is going to
introduce legislation for medicare for
all that's exactly what you said you
wanted mission accomplished
deal Oh No Deal right in fact that whole
segment I enjoyed read was about don't
attack any of our beloved senators Cory
Booker Kamala Harris and now apparently
the Obama administration wants Deval
Patrick to run the former governor of
Massachusetts so look all those
candidates have upsides and downsides
that's what primaries are for we unlike
you hypocrites aren't consistent
we are intellectually honest I think
there should be a primary I have always
said the primaries make parties stronger
so if you think Cory Booker's awesome
well great
again good news for you Howard we're
gonna get to find out in a primary who
the voters think are more awesome and if
you think he's wonderful great haven't
run against Bernie Sanders and see the
beating that Sanders puts on him and
what do you want Bernie to do he's the
most popular bosses in the country what
do you want to do with straw are you
insane
have you lost your mind so if you don't
want to fight have everyone else get out
of the primary otherwise let's get it on
and that's not being whiny I'm telling
you that I'm going that progressives are
gonna get together and we're gonna go
vote it's the most American democratic
thing we can do and we're going to out
vote you and we're going to crush your
side if you don't like that stop whining
and go clean up and go home if you say
oh okay all right I guess that's fair
then let's go have primers and yes for
the president but also for your beloved
beloved establishment Senators in
congressman primaries make the party's
stronger we're not afraid of a primary
you want to have one for the
presidential contest we love it we're
not gonna pull a Hillary Clinton say Oh
everybody should clear the field and get
out of the race bring it
bring it and four primaries on the
Senate side and and they're airing the
Congressional side of course if you're a
Blue Dog Democrats out there right now
trying to cut a deal with Trump to cut
taxes for corporations which 67 percent
of Americans are opposed to we're not
going to just let you do that what does
it mean to not fight if you say not
fight support progressive positions like
Medicare for all and no lower taxes for
the rich or corporations then great we
don't have to fight you have to come to
us we're the ones with the progressive
positions if you say no I want to cut
taxes on the richest corporations in the
world
no and you're not allowed to fight back
you must be out of your mind now he will
say now wait that's not fair my beloved
senators who are my good friends in
Washington who I often have drinks and
cocktails and hors d'oeuvres with will
eventually do these things wait a minute
wait a minute did they introduce
Medicare for all all right they didn't
did they
hey but that's okay Bernie's introducing
one senator war Elizabeth Warren has
supported it other senators are being
supported by the way if you're anything
but an incredible schmuck you would go
support it even if you don't mean it for
political reasons which is likely what
they will do soon but they still at this
late date those senators have not
supported Medicare for all they
eventually will because my guess is
they'll realize oh all right the
Democratic Party has progressives in it
I should pretend to be progressive but
they still haven't done it so when you
say oh well you know don't be whiny and
ridiculous let's be pragmatic well I
would want to support someone who would
pragmatically get the job done okay so
that's Medicare for all how about the
issue of corporate tax cuts now Howard
Dean and on Joe Reaves program there or
wherever he goes on MSNBC they was
thicker yeah we're going to resist
Donald Trump our corporate Democrat
friends are not for corporate tax cuts
really so I go to an article from the
intercept written by John Schwartz in
October 19th of 2016 so this was right
before the election this is when Chuck
Schumer and everybody in town
thought that Hillary Clinton was gonna
win he's talking to John Harwood on CNBC
and here's the description from the
intercept New York Senator Chuck Schumer
likely to be Majority Leader next year
if Democrats take back the Senate well
that didn't happen told CNBC Tuesday
that one of his top two - 2017
priorities would be an enormous
corporate tax cut now you say hold on
hold on that's the intercept I don't
trust them I think that they you know
they're independent and annoying and
they keep telling the truth there where
you know we have all the money and our
corporate media friends okay well let's
go to Chuck Schumer find out what he
actually said so speaking of himself in
the third person Schumer said that quote
we've got to get things done the two
things that come that popped to mine cuz
Schumer Clinton and Ryan have all said
they support these our immigration as
some kind of international tax reform
tied to a large infrastructure program
there he refers to himself as a third
person he thinks I'm going to be the
Senate Majority Leader wrong you ran
miserable Pro corporate campaigns that
talked about tax cuts and you lost as
just like we told you you would anything
Clinton's gonna be precedents like Paul
Ryan of course he wants giant axe cuts
do not to be fair you're saying wait
Genki said tax reform
maybe they'll raise corporate taxes
however are they gonna raise corporate
taxes is that what they're gonna do you
know that's not right in fact that's
okay we have the exact quote Schumer
went on the same when Harwood asked
Schumer if quote it would be a permanent
lower rate not a holiday rate Schumer
replied yes you can't do a one-shot deal
okay so yes a permanent lower tax rate
on corporations damned if the
Republicans win damned if the Democrats
win that is what we're against so don't
tell me you didn't plan to do it because
it's on the record we know you plan to
do it now that's not to say that
Democrats and Republicans are
indistinguishable and to
the frustration of some of our viewers I
voted for Hill Clinton in the general
election and I and I asked people to do
the same because Donald Trump is a
monster and there is a difference I mean
I can go on a hundred issues including
the potential impending nuclear war that
he's threatening with North Korea
including the environment and how he was
true from Paris climate agreement and
Hillary couldn't wouldn't have done that
but those guys then say that means
they're not the same they're completely
different
no on very important issues that affect
the same donors they are identical not
on every issue but on important issues
so Democrats are gonna fight for
Medicare for all I don't know all these
progressives they're making me do it
what do you mean making you do it that's
the progressive position I know but my
donors are insurance companies and drug
companies and big banks and all the
donors and they don't want me to do it I
know that's exactly what we're saying
corporate tax cuts two-thirds of the
country is dead set against it they want
corporate tax increases nope whether the
Republicans win or the Democrats win
you're going to get giant tax cuts for
the rich and for corporations so Howard
when we point this out don't whine it's
unbecoming if you don't agree with us
I'll see you in the primaries and that's
exactly what you're afraid of
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
