hey everybody my name is Brett and I'm
gonna give you some tips for making your
house greener now if you don't already
know TYT is partnering with participant
media on a campaign for Al Gore's film
An Inconvenient sequel truth to power
our campaign is called hashtag be
inconvenient 10 days of action and in
each day of action we're introducing you
to a different NGO and we're gonna talk
about a specific action you can take to
combat climate change and today it is
the I hope it's a Rocky Mountain Nancy
yes it's a Rocky Mountain Institute I
love them
first just cuz of the name Rocky
Mountain Institute it seems like the
kind of group whose leader you never see
but it's always like hatching some kind
of plans from a hidden cave layer that
looks like a falcon but no they're the
good guys and they're founded by this
guy a super friendly physicists and
energy leader named Amory Lovins the RMI
transforms global energy use to create a
clean prosperous and secure low-carbon
future they engage businesses
communities institutions and
entrepreneurs to accelerate the adoption
of market-based solutions that
cost-effectively shift from fossil fuels
to efficiency and renewables they
perform research expert analysis they
develop breakthrough insights and then
they bring together a whole host of
diverse partners businesses government
academic nonprofit philanthropic and
military all these folks to accelerate
and scale solutions they are great I am
NOT I am a stupid person and so to help
my stupid face they put together a list
of easy ways that even my dumb buns can
make my energy green and here they are
energy efficient appliances it's smart I
went through the Steampunk phase so my
dishwasher takes like three buckets of
coal per cycle and I have to wipe soot
off everything I need to upgrade
electricity you know LED lighting it's
lower energy than incandescent and LEDs
are the ones you can control with your
voice like watch Siri change lighting
settings to whoom I do this already my
lights are almost always off because I
prefer to cry desperately in the dark I
didn't know I was being green I just
thought I was being dramatic there are
tons of other ways to do this get an
energy-efficient hot water tank
programmable thermostats solar panels
better insulation and draught proofing
this means you're not gonna have to
choose between high energy bills and
either shivering under a blanket
winner or sweating in the heat of summer
and if you walk this work done on your
home you can get a certified whole home
performance contractor or if you're
looking to move you can use a certified
green real tour now warning the real
tour is metaphorically Green if they're
literally green they're either very sick
or the Hulk either way you must turn
them back to a normal human color before
they can show you homes for their sake
and yours so if you want the full list
of easy green tips click the link in the
description and also go see an
inconvenient sequel truth to power it's
in theaters nationwide right now and
it's an easy way to get involved and to
learn more about how to fight the
climate crisis
you
