there's one thing that pisses off the
orange mannchild more than Kristen
Stewart love triangle it's his inability
to satisfy his own ego you see Trump has
been in office for almost three months
now and he's clearly infuriated that all
he has to show for it
is participation ribbons so like any
adolescent hell-bent on proving his
superiors wrong he has once again went
after a target that in today's post
truth age where factual inaccuracy plays
second fiddle to political ideology is a
sitting duck the environment yep right
on cue with the high school bully
approach she's being perfect in
perfectly so far he goes after the geeks
with his latest Stein purging climate
scientists for telling the truth as if
signing an executive order to overturn
key parts of the Obama administration's
plan to tackle global warming gagging
the EPA and taken the United States out
of the Paris climate agreement wasn't
enough to piss off planet Earth his
administration is now reassigning dozens
of senior officials at a Department of
the Interior this allegation first came
to light when Joe Clement a top climate
scientist at the Department of Interior
filed a whistleblower complaint with the
Office of Special Counsel alleging that
his reassignment to an accounting
position was retribution for speaking
out about the dangers of climate change
it turns out he was not the only one
dr. Virginia Burkett who by the way
contributed to several reports on
climate change some of which was awarded
the Nobel Prize in 2007 was originally
reassigned to the office of the
assistant secretary for water in science
moving her from oversee and vital
climate science research at USGS to what
has now been described as an undefined
advisory role at DOI headquarters in
Washington now burka herself has said
she does not want to speculate as to her
reassignment probably before the fear of
being filed altogether for trying to
save the planet but then expressed
concern that her previous position
Associate Director for climate and land
use a crucial position in the battle
against climate change has not yet been
filled
I get the sense they aren't gonna rush
to fill that position don't you but this
latest act reminds us of the clear and
harsh reality that since stepping foot
and the first tee I mean the White House
Trump has had his sights on reversing
the United States position as a leader
in the battle towards sustaining a
cleaner environment and battling climate
change with facts so easily manipulated
and fake news being his go-to punchline
trump has found
relative success in directed all of his
frustration towards an easy target a
target that was already caught up amidst
a Republican storm that he knows can be
a much needed and easy w next to a
catalogue of losses so we have to fight
back and one way to do that is climate
Hawks in case you didn't already know t
whitey is working with participant media
on a campaign for Al Gore's film An
Inconvenient sequel truth to power our
campaign is called hashtag be
inconvenient ten days of action each day
of action we will introduce you to an
NGO and talk about a specific action you
can take to combat climate change
today's is climate hulk's an NGO that
helps you find out your elected official
stance on climate action who's engaging
the public in town halls authoring
strong bills writing op-eds in the local
paper and showing up for the local wind
farm ribbon-cutting to go beyond who's
voting which way on the very few bills
making it out of Senate gridlock go to
climate Hawks vote calm and enter your
state in the drop-down menu you'll see
the public records of all current
Democrats and selected Republicans
scoring them on public engagement bills
authored Bill's co-sponsored press
releases working caucuses joint and led
and websites we've ranked 100 plus
introduced bills each session from core
to peripheral and awarded more points to
authors less to co-sponsors public
opposition to climate action is scored
negatively so the possible range for
cumulative scores is from minus 100 to
plus 100 are they fighting like our
world depends on it because you should
know that the country that trump was
hell-bent on screeching mispronounced
from the podium China China China China
China China China China China yes China
well Trump spikes the approach now
leaves China and the unenviable position
of being world leader on climate change
thanks to his willfully blind
irresponsibility this means that the
future efforts to curb disastrous global
warming will ultimately be decided in
Beijing not Washington what a time to be
alive right no literally now is the time
to be alive because God helped the
future generations it's time to take
action
right now start by seeing an
inconvenient sequel which is now playing
in theaters everywhere then go to
Inconvenient sequel calm / action and
find out how else you can take action
today
you
