great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution wealthy property owners in San
Francisco are fuming after they found
out that due to a tax error two
individuals were able to purchase some
of the land that these homes are built
on so Tina Lam and Michael Chang
snatched up Presidio Terrace the block
long private oval street lined with 35
mega million-dollar mansions for $90,000
in change in a city run auction stemming
from an unpaid tax bill they actually
outlasted several other bidders so this
is an incredible story when it comes to
these private communities they have to
pay a certain amount of taxes every year
it's not a ton of money however if they
don't pay it well then that land goes up
for auction and so these two individuals
realized oh here's an opportunity to buy
this you know exclusive and valuable
land and so they took advantage of it so
now this couple is actually looking to
cash in maybe charging the residents of
these mansions to park on their own
private street now it's not their
streets it's a private street that's
been purchased by two people right and
just to give you an idea of how wealthy
this community is and and how elite this
community is past homeowners include
Senator Dianne Feinstein Richard Blum
Nancy people
you get the picture so pretty prominent
politicians now the couples purchase
appears to be the culmination of a
comedy of errors involving a $14 a year
property tax bill that the homeowners
association failed to pay for three
decades
so the homeowners association didn't pay
it and that's an issue the attorney for
the homeowners association said the
group had failed to pay because its tax
bill was being mailed to the Kearney
street address used by an accountant who
hadn't worked for the homeowners since
the 1980s but it's not like the
homeowner association doesn't know that
this tax exists in fact this is a common
tax that private areas within the city
have to pay every year and so by the way
this sale went through two years ago in
2015 and people are now just finding out
about it because this couple is likely
to find a way to cash in on their
investment yeah so the final bill was
actually just 994 dollars but when you
go to an auction everybody can bid on it
and it got bid up to $90,000 which is
probably a bargain
now did is there anything wrong with
this no treasure tax collector or Jose
Cisneros says 99% of property owners in
San Francisco know what they need to do
and they pay their taxes on time and
they keep their mailing addresses up to
date so sad day for you now look I I
kind of love this story for a number of
reasons number one we do public streets
for a reason we do them and then the
taxpayers pay for them and then some
private person can't buy them
it gives it's all of our streets you
want to do a private street well then
somebody can buy it and you can't really
cry about it so if you wanted it you
should have paid attention and you
should have bought it you liked private
streets how you like them private
streets and there's another little layer
a little twisty twist of this story
that's amazing up until 1948 non-whites
were unable to purchase property on the
street mm-hmm okay so here you have two
Taiwanese investors and they're like
we're cashing in yeah oh we're gonna buy
some property there okay now look you
don't have to go back 1948 for this to
be delicious the reason that I I love
this
story is because some politicians
including Democrats will privatize
meters yes and then they'll say oh no
sorry we sold out to a private
corporation yes so now they can charge
you even more in fines yes I'm so
excited yes you know how sometimes you
know they'll be like a metre holiday
like Sunday's for instance if it's a
publicly owned meter public employees
that usually give out those parking
violation tickets have Sundays off right
but if if you have to pay for parking at
a meter on a Sunday it's usually because
that meter has been privatized or the
meters on that street have been
privatized and guess what they get to
charge you whatever you want
so you'll notice a huge price disparity
between public and private street meters
by the way it's a double tax that drives
me crazy right look I know that there's
also a downside to free parking you guys
have sent me the the articles whatever
but in reality our taxes have already
paid for those streets okay it's a
regressive tax it's a regressive tax why
am I getting double tax to park my
goddamn car I've already paid for that
goddamn street so now look I tell you
million times on the show this is it's
senseless and ridiculous to be bitter or
envious or not like the rich just
because they're rich you you don't know
that they like if they're giving money
to politicians that's a different thing
right or if they are in this case actual
politicians like senator Feinstein and
Nancy Pelosi that's a different thing
but if if they're taking away our public
streets in a sense and privatizing it
either with meters or sometimes with
tolls not to blame the Republicans to
Trump has a plan to privatize the
highways so you pay tolls for the rest
of your life so he'll know now if you
can do that for the middle class and
you're gonna do that to the poor then
I'm not gonna cry about it if it happens
to a private street filled with mega
mansions now if I'm them I get annoyed
right and I'm sure that a lot of them
had known almost none of them had any
idea that this was gonna happen or and
and they probably would have paid their
taxes anyway it's a tiny amount for
these people
you have man right you have the
homeowners association which is a
gigantic annoying waste of time and
resources and they didn't even do their
jobs properly so boo homeowners
association yeah and it's just look and
for now to you know for the Democrats
you like regulation okay and and so this
is a rule regulation you should have
followed and you didn't follow it so and
I'll tell you last thing on why I kind
of like this story and and why it won't
stick the rich they always find a way
right so again it's not to blame the
rich if it was your street you'd be
annoyed too and you wouldn't want to pay
that guy parking for the rest of your
life and you charge you whatever you
wants and then where the hell are you
gonna put your car so I get it and he's
gonna hold it for ransom car and you're
like 48 car garage that's they don't
have 48 car garage this right so so I
get both sides of this thing but but
they're gonna get out of it because the
reason that they're why they make you
pay the meters and why they privatize
your roads is because you can't fight
back and they'll get away with it these
guys are all-powerful they're gonna
fight back
and they're not gonna get outraged at
what happens is the middle class but
when it happens to them they're gonna be
like how dare are you this is an
incredible affront to what has happened
right my guess is that they'll crush
these guys but we'll see we'll see I
hope not I hope not again they were
clever and and by the way if your house
gets sold in a foreclosure sale senators
don't come to your recipe that's right
okay so this is private property and it
went up in an auction just like a
foreclosure sale so the what you should
do is hey that's the private market pay
the guy
