north Korea has just indicated that it
is seriously considering a strike on
Guam which is a US Pacific territory and
this is in response to Donald Trump's
statements indicating that he would use
nuclear power against North Korea now it
Trump said will be fire and fury the
likes of which the world has never seen
right now we have seen nuclear weapons
we use them so he's apparently saying
that he were willing to use nukes again
if he did not intend that then he's an
idiot because that's clearly what it
sounds like to anyone listening and
apparently that's what it sounded like
to the North Koreans
now you have to remember something yes
we have a man-child in office who
doesn't know what he's doing but so do
they
kim jeong-hoon is the definition of a
man-child he grew up where everybody
told him him his dad and his grandfather
were gods and kings and didn't have
anuses I'm not kidding that's a literal
propaganda tool from North Korea their
leaders don't have anuses so so he
thinks he's the Almighty he thinks oh
yeah fire and fury I'll hit Guam and
there won't be any consequences remember
he's only 33 years old and he grew up
incredibly spoiled oh I get Dennis
Rodman I get caviar I get the kind of
liquor that I like I get the women that
I like everybody else is in
concentration camps
so we've got two maniacs in a pissing
contest here so now kim jeong-hoon
matches with oh y'all hit Guam hey moron
of morons what do you think happens if
you hit Guam that's a US territory
that's an attack against us you think
that Trump won't launch missiles and
then we're all screwed if they hit Guam
were all it look guys even if you don't
care about North Korean lives and it's
possible like I said hundreds of
thousands of innocent North Korean might
die you should care about our allies
South Korea and Japan let alone they
might be able to reach us with
conventional weaponry let alone our
troops in South Korea let alone our
citizens in Guam okay but also if you're
a monster and you don't care about any
of that because your name is
Lindsey Graham or Donald Trump and he
said well we fight him over there who
cares right how about the world economy
what do you think happens to the world
economy if Seoul South Korea is in
flames
what do you think happens in a world
economy if Tokyo Japan is attacked even
with conventional missiles and thousands
tens of thousands hundreds of thousands
died what do you think happens I'll tell
you what happens a giant global economic
collapse so this is stupidity with no
bounds
with two guys who are both incompetent
and filled with hubris spoiled children
that don't know what they're doing
there's not much we can do about Kim
jong-un there is something we can do
about our guy like look it is now an
absolute international emergency we have
to find a way to get Donald Trump out of
office now there are no good easy
convenient ways luckily I think he
didn't deal with the Russians I think
Robert Muller is a good investigator his
good special counsel but he's got a
hurry because now we're on the clock so
if they if Kim's young one who's stupid
enough and he certainly might be to hit
Guam the chain of events has begun and
there's no way you could bring it back
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
