researchers have noticed that there has
been a drop in sexual activity among
couples today and they did find out this
information through a number of surveys
dating back to 1989
now they looked at surveys from not only
1989 but 1989 through 2014 and based on
the responses in that survey in those
surveys they found that people just
aren't having as much sex as they used
to okay so they did find an overall drop
in sexual activity across race gender
region work status and education level
and keep in mind that in terms of
finding reasons for why there's been a
drop in sexual activity they did control
for pornography so oftentimes people
will be like oh it's because we're all
watching pornography but that is not one
of the reasons why this is happening
they say okay so let's get into the
methodology just a little bit so the
paper used data from the National
General Social Survey GSS between the
years 1989 and 2014 and discovered that
adults on an average had sex about nine
fewer times per year in the early 2010's
compared to what they did in the late
1990s so it's not that much of a drop
right nine times on how you view it I
guess yeah all right so so here's what
they found there are a number of
different factors that could be playing
a role right and so Junior usually jumps
in and says we're all zapped right
there's this phenomenon in Japan where
people are not interested in
relationships or having sex with one
another and some think okay it might
have to do with technology but there are
other factors a lot of parents feel like
this is according to one of the
researchers a lot of parents feel like
they've already done about 50 things
they didn't want to do that day like
getting up at dawn dealing with their
child's tantrums adding sex of the menu
just seems like too much so we turn to
things like Netflix to unwind which
leads to immediate gratification with
zero energy expended but you can see
where her proclivities are because she's
like I mean after I did 50 things I want
to have to do that too well if you
I did it might not see my god now I
gotta have sex now I gotta go and have
it orgasm on top of all the other things
I did today I know but here's the thing
I think I think most people not everyone
but I think most people do enjoy sex but
it is work right and I think the hardest
part is like convincing yourself to get
started right like you're tired you know
you just don't want to get started it's
like going to the gym like it feels
really good when you're there it feels
really good when you're done right but
it doesn't feel good when you're
thinking about it when you have to get
ready for it there might be differences
of opinion okay I think guys thinking
this feels pretty good thinking about it
okay no but I know exactly what yeah
yeah I do now look this article started
great aspire from the IB times I was
surprised to find out that that they
talked about things other than David
Sirota articles about corruption or
other than crapping on Millennials which
is something that they're that's a
totally derivative like Alexa roto
speaks anyway anyway so it started out
good because they were they said oh
people are having less sex than they
were 20 years ago and I've always been
bitter that I caught a bad time in
history right age was around and in like
I missed the 1960s where everybody's
like God what star this is have sex
right
I missed today's tinder thing and and I
was feeling kind of bitter about it I'm
like oh you guys having like sex now
boom yes what now right
and then they clarified no it's mainly
for people who are married oh no another
elbow in my head it's actually it's not
mainly the single people it is for
married couples right okay so that means
in order to make up for the singles that
are actually having just as much if not
more sex where have even the married
couples are yeah that's the crazy part
so conventional wisdom is you get
married and then you have less sex
anyway but it's even less than than what
you would expect right so slow bar dude
okay okay so let me give you some more
reasons that individuals not necessarily
tied to this research have suggested
so one sexuality counselor says we're
seeing more helicopter parenting which
is zapping energy that could go towards
sex and other sensual activities central
activities yeah so I'm not buying any
other explanations so remember this
study is about our people having more or
less sex right so those are the facts
everything else is speculation right
they're hypothesizing about the reasons
why but they haven't tested those
hypotheses yet that's right
so you can claim Netflix and helicopter
parenting etc and I know they said that
they tested for porn but they might not
they might have missed other parts of it
which is that maybe knowing that porn is
available later leads to less sex now I
don't know you know I'm not in the weeds
on this research but and just idea that
you're spending more time on your kids
hence you don't want to have sex seems
to me a weaksauce explanation for what's
going get it Jake I don't have kids but
I get it right because if you are using
up a ton of energy making sure that
everything is perfect for your kids and
you're you know micromanaging every
moment of their lives that's exhausting
and and and I think the more exhausted
you are the less likely you're
interested in being intimate with your
partner after a long day I know but it's
it's I feel like this is much more
likely to be something that affects us
all because it affects people even if
you control for region economic status
race gender etc so it's something to
plenty people with that kids and they
have plenty of time I don't know what it
is I know I'm not with junior that the
phones are zapping us yeah I but I I
think it is some phenomenon whether it's
chemical right now I'm getting into
create that crazy about you I should
over speculation because you asked me
you know we're putting the pesticides in
the air could that be affecting us we
know that it's affecting the semen count
so could that be affecting our
testosterone and it's actually the men
who are driving for less sex
I don't know right so or you know
prescription drug use yes is far more
likely because it does have that
and people use a lot more drugs so those
I think are more fruitful avenues for
research than Netflix and helicopter
burnout I don't look I think that she
named Netflix just that foot look
sometimes you just don't want to be
physical sometimes after a long day you
just want to go home and you want to
chill you just want to watch TV or do
something that doesn't require any
energy whatsoever like I get that and
also can we just keep it 100% real about
what happens like you're married it's
the same person every day right like and
I love my husband but like it's just
gasps single people have more sex if
they're lucky and they're out there
they're doing their thing well yeah II
know but it used to be just your husband
before too but yeah one other thing I
mean to be which goes to her Netflix
point which is that we have so many more
entertainment options yes in the old
days there was no TV there was no radio
I mean that 20 years ago there was but
you see my point like when there was no
TV there was no radio they had non-stop
sex because what else were they gonna do
right and now that we have the internet
and all these a thousand entertainment
are smart phones or cell phones etc yes
you might have less time for sex because
those are actually appealing options
rather than you want to hear grandpa
tell that same story again no I don't
let's go have sex if you like this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
