so what are the questions you guys have
been asking about is hey what happened
to the investment money so I want to
just address that real quick here for a
second
first since we're doing the membership
drive let's take a look at where we are
remember we started right after Labor
Day at 27,000 661 it's at TYT calm
slides join to become a member
let's see where we are today thirty-one
thousand four hundred and five so that
is great great beginning to this drive
we've got to keep that going and we're
calling it beyond the left side of
history and help us build a home with
progressives so that naturally leads to
questions that are understandable hey
guys you got investment money back in
2017 it was twenty million dollars so
you know what did you guys do with it
okay now let's just think now as no
other company would ever tell you okay
that's a state secret no it's yet at
cetera center can I tell you all the
details of course not I can't tell you
people's salaries there are privacy
concerns etc etc but I will share with
you guys more than almost anyone else
will uh and in the first part of it is
that you have to understand and we get
really an inside baseball here but
because we really your trust is super
important to us and I think we've earned
it over the last 16 years but it's
partly by being honest like this and
telling you how things work right when
you ask so investment does not equal
revenue in order to be a sustainable
business your revenues have to equal
your costs and hopefully be a little
above them okay so when you take
investment money in that doesn't mean
that you have become sustainable or that
you can go to the Bahamas that's how it
works the way it works is you take the
money in and you put it into
infrastructure into building a company
that can then become sustainable and
hopefully profitable okay so what does
that mean well there's mundane things
like HR and finance and you guys might
think well I got none to do with finance
okay that doesn't help me that's not an
extra show you're right what a company
needs that there's there's no way around
that and so that is a little bit of what
the money went into other things are
things that we
been dying to give you guys for all
these years look at all the new
wonderful apps that we have on Android
and iOS etc the new websites launch that
takes engineers I know the Donald Trump
thinks engineers are weak but everything
they're strong and we've got a good team
of engineers now and product guys etc so
that we can give you all the products so
that you could easily watch and consume
the shows that we've been giving you the
other part of it of course is this shows
themselves so there's a whole bunch of
new shows partly because we're now up on
skinny bundles like YouTube TV and there
are more to come
partly because we wanted to give you
guys those shows us podcast etc so
Anna's got a new show nofilter John's
got John Ida role as a new show damage
report reasonably sure by Michael Shore
you know aggressive progressive has been
around a while but also to maintain that
and bring on the jimmy dore show as a
podcast etc all that requires producers
editors graphics people stage crew let
alone the hosts so obviously those are
all expenses that's what you build you
build what we call the home of
progressives and I think it's fair to
characterize it as I just did a little
while ago as a progressive Netflix then
you have to make revenue to try to make
sure that you cover your costs so
there's still a ton of people that work
here and and you rent etc for some of
you this is obvious it's super obvious
but for others I want to make sure that
you understand how it works so why are
we doing a membership drive because
that's revenue that actually makes you
sustainable and this is really important
guys its revenue that is comes from you
guys so we have to serve you I've said
this from day one I want to align our
financial incentives with what you guys
want if it's aligned with what other
people want and I get it looks sales is
still a huge part of the industry and to
some degree it has to be that aligns you
with the advertisers okay and then there
are other interests and that aligns you
with other people I would rather be
aligned to you guys so if we build those
hundred thousand members we are walk and
they will not be able to move us there
is no pressure
the world that can move this show and
this network if we are at a hundred
thousand members so that's what I mean
by building the Homewood progresses
together because that's what makes us
sustainable going into the future and so
I'll end on a fun note here my daughter
was just graduating preschool that's
apparently a thing now graduating
preschool I'm like well I don't think I
want to over congratulate her on that
but anyway they sing a song and it's
called the wise man built his house and
it goes the wise man built his house
upon the rock and every time she goes
like this she's five years old
built it upon the rock apparently that
means really stable oh the rain came
down I'm not gonna read the whole song
to you but the floods came up and the
wise man's house stood firm and then
they rub it in to the foolish man they
say the foolish man built his house upon
the sand the rain came tumbling down the
floods came up and the foolish man's
house went splat I saw it the point
being guys is that I hope we're being
the wise man by building it upon your
rock and and I know you guys and I know
that you want a really really
progressive showing a network and
unfortunately that one outside of us
does not exist now and without us
probably would not exist for quite some
time if you're happy with lukewarm
Democrat talk there is some alternatives
out there for you guys but you want real
strong progressives that are gonna fight
back and that are gonna fight for you
this is how you build it so I hope you
guys can participate TYT calm /join
thank you two easy ways for young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
