so Johnny Kelly is the new chief of
staff for Donald Trump he replaced
Reince Priebus and the media was fawning
over him we covered it last week oh I
got a square jaw generally he's a man of
great discipline and he'll bring order
to the White House and he'll straighten
him out and and make sure Trump is on
message and I immediately said no he
won't
it's not because he doesn't have a
square jaw earth that he is an
interdisciplinary top work Trump would
enjoy it so he's not gonna listen to
John Kelly did you know that when John
before John Kelly became a chief of
staff he almost quit when Trump fired
Comey so he almost acts out a principle
now if he acts out of principle when
he's the chief of staff you think
Trump's gonna tolerate that no he's
gonna say hey you're supposed to be
loyal to me how come you're not being
loyal John all right so now let me
remind you of what they said about John
Keller when he first came in New York
Times says mr. Kelly cuts off rambling
advisors on mid-sentence he listens in
on conversations between cabinet
secretaries on the president he has
booted lingering staff members out of
high-level meetings and order the doors
of the Oval Office close to discouraged
strays there you go he comes in right
there discipline okay Bloomberg says
while Kelly isn't betting every
presidential tweet Trump has shown a
willingness to consult with his chief of
staff before hitting Send on certain
missives that might cause an
international uproar or lead to
unwelcome distraction accordingly three
people familiar with interactions Kelly
has been quote offering a different way
to say the same thing one person said I
read that and thought no that's not
gonna work and of course today we get
this suite from Tara Palmieri from White
House correspondent for Politico I was
told Kelley's I was told Kelly's
accepted that he will not have control
over tweets no one controls Trump's
Twitter oh of course
and yesterday Trump was wildly tweeting
about Senator Richard Blumenthal and
getting himself in all sorts of trouble
was better
you think anyway I don't care how square
is Joy's he's no one can get trumped to
put down his tweets of course he's gonna
send them out because he's a child
you're misunderstanding the situation he
doesn't have the intellectual capacity
or self-control to be guided even if
John Kelly was a person who could guide
him in the right direction and was great
at guiding people it doesn't matter
because his the guy he's reporting to is
the problem
so yes tweets galore this whole idea
that Kelly's gonna get him under control
totally a myth was never gonna happen
and has already now been flushed down
the toilet so I asked you guys this
question Paul on T or T Network comm /
Kelly will trump eventually fire John
Kelly
now again last week if you asked all the
mainstream media of the guys on TV the
guys have and New York Times and
everyone else no no John Kelly's got
this thing figured out everything's
gonna be all right going forward no like
I said about George W Bush when he was
down in the polls and people said oh no
no he's gonna make a comeback I said he
doesn't have the capacity for a comeback
and it turned out to be true all that
happened was George Bush's ratings
continued to slide down for the last
couple of years of his administration
the same is true of Donald Trump and
worse no eventually John Kelly will do
something that makes sense and Trump
will get angry at him and fire him so
remember Trump still thinks he's an
apprentice and has to fire at least one
person every week help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
