great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution it finally happened for all you
folks that want to give money to
alt-right YouTube personalities they
have a new crowdfunding website you may
have heard of patreon for traditional
youtubers well the alt-right has their
own and it's called Hatchery on here's a
look at the website it is a place where
you can click on any of these beloved
alt-right youtubers and give donations
to their new initiatives for those who
don't know what patreon is patreon isn't
one of those things where you like can
subscribe your favorite youtuber give
them like $10 every month and then you
can get perks or you can just do it out
of the goodness of your heart the thing
with patreon is it has its it has like
hate speech standards so if you espouse
hatred patreon and Jack one of those a
youtuber one of the nicest people I've
ever met he they they put together some
rules saying you can't actively espouse
hate speech and use our platform so they
got kicked off and this is a place
started by Cody Wilson that allows you
to support the initiatives of some of
your favorite all glory all right
personalities I almost said all white
there's no alt it's white personalities
and so I looked on it to see like what
kind of things are they doing and in
addition to some of them being like
reestablishing the patriarchy and and
you know taking off the yoke of Jewish
controlled media I just here's one from
Sam Hyde he just wants to do an
interactive video game he wants to do a
GoFundMe project called go eff me
there's a working title and then a car
review show like a low-budget top gear
no title yet that sounds fun they're
really real someone ever just delightful
ideas you know in my spare time I want
to do my pet my other passion project
besides hating people of color and and
trolling well-meaning
liberal minds yeah thoughts I live in a
reality where I'm always faced with
discrimination because I'm a person of
color so when I hear people be appalled
to see the the people who are open about
their but it's just like the reality
like it's like what what do you want
like we people my people are from I'm a
diaspora person so my people came from
Africa on slave ships they were taking
of Puerto Rico they were brought here we
did not ask to come here and we've been
paying for it ever since and it's like
these people who really want to be able
to say we hate you go back there's not
going to be a mass exodus of people of
color we're not getting on a ship and
going back that's not gonna happen at
some point we're gonna have to and I
think it's hate Rhian cuz I think the
owner love the owner thought it was cute
has that word hate in it cuz he was like
oh it's a cute little pun or whatever
but oh she's like at some point like
when you hear white dudes that are so
angry about us being here and any women
white women they don't they don't like
you either you're also secondary to them
it's just at this point it's just like
this shit is all ridiculous so so
earlier this week we did this story
about how Jeff Sessions and the Justice
Department are planning on going after
universities that implement affirmative
action right and it's because they feel
like it's discriminating against white
students and so there was an analysis
done to see which students actually
suffer the most from affirmative action
and if you want to be racist about it
and Indian students because if you want
to look at academics they do better
academically in fact if you do away with
affirmative action the group that
suffers the most is white women which is
kind of amazing so anyway it is what it
is be careful what you wish for but you
know just quickly going back to hate
Rhian do you booze do you booze like you
want I mean okay so it exists and now
there's a platform available for people
to fund this type of rhetoric in this
type of speech I mean look I I believe
in a free marketplace of ideas
I believe in debating ideas instead of
censoring them and I obviously don't
agree with all right and we obviously
don't get along but I do believe in free
speech and I do believe that you know if
they want a way of funding the content
that they put out there I'm not gonna
get in that way and in the way I tell
you what it was an amazing little rabbit
hole to go down today watching the
videos of these folks like some of them
are actually funny and they just go like
joke like joke joke there's one guy who
did he had a joke and there was quoted
in this article Mark Zuckerberg was able
to pull off a quote warm handshake
Photoshop and only seven to ten tries
down from his previous record of six of
sixteen it was like oh that's a joke
about Mark Zuckerberg not being a very
personable person and it was like a
solid little joke and I enjoyed it and
not this guy but other ones are like
going along going along funny joke funny
joke I hate Jewish people women can't do
anything well here's another here's
another thing that I find pretty
fascinating look we're living in a
really interesting time where people
feel comfortable about being transparent
in regard to their bigotry or their
homophobia or their xenophobia all of
that stuff they feel like it's yeah it's
orally fine I'm gonna go ahead and put
myself out there and I think that it's
important that that transparency is
something that's discussed because I
think for a really long time this
country was in denial about our race
problem uh and our bigotry problems you
know folk
problem and now it's out there and so it
allows us to at least discuss it in an
honest way but but also look you you're
putting yourself you're putting your
face out there and saying these hideous
things and that could have ramifications
so I agree you know and now if you want
to do it do it I'm not again I'm not
standing in the way I like fighting
ideas with information and education and
debating you know yeah and you do it
well but and I'm with you do boom do you
booze and she said but I you know what
it's funny I do agree with that I think
that also you think about these groups
because I was at politican and I saw
them recruiting some of the young people
that I was talking to so I think that
it's important for white people to speak
about their fears and about being able
to express what they've learned about
race because a lot of kids who are
disenfranchised who are lonely who are
depressed are recruited by these groups
and they find a home where ever it is
hate has a place for people who are hurt
because hurt people hurt people so when
I think about these groups I'm with you
up if you want to do that there are
people doing that already like we get
shocked when we hear about racism on
YouTube racism lives on YouTube
constantly there is a comment on one of
my videos that said I did not know
monkeys could talk so I get I mean I see
it on it sounds horrible but it's pretty
tame for YouTube comments yeah yeah yeah
you're pretty terrible stuff on you yeah
and it is what it is people you know
hide behind their anonymity and that's
something that we've been talking about
for such a long time and now they're
they're coming out there and they're
like I'm not anonymous anymore okay I
think all these terrible things and okay
put yourself out there it is what it is
