federal prosecutors in New York have
subpoena the company of Jared Kushner
Jared Kushner of course a senior adviser
to Donald Trump and also his son-in-law
now this has to do with Kushner
properties going to foreign countries
and essentially advocating for in
investment in US properties that they're
trying to develop in return for what's
known as eb-5 visas these are visas for
wealthy investors who put money into
us-based projects and then get this
so-called golden visa this ability to
get a visa just because they're rich and
they're investing in US properties or US
projects now the program issues green
cards to immigrants who invest $500,000
in us-based developments 85% of which
are Chinese now remember it was a big
story when Krishna properties went to
China had this big meeting with wealthy
Chinese investors and essentially let
these investors know I guess what you
know a president's present son-in-law is
he's connected to us and if you invest
you can get this visa they're not
supposed to do that that's against the
law
Trump also reauthorized the eb-5 program
the day before Jared's sister Nicole
Kushner pitched the visas to potential
foreign investors eb-5 applicants also
do not have a way of proving their level
of skill beyond the ability to finance
projects for us developers the only
reason why I bring that up is because
this news comes right after Donald Trump
claims that he wants to lessen legal
immigration into the country because he
only wants to allow skilled workers and
skilled immigrants who speak English by
the way so I love that the federal
prosecutors are going after you know
Kushner properties because there are so
many negative ramifications of of doing
what they did not only are they breaking
the law by mentioning Jared Kushner and
essentially selling them
these golden visas but it's artificially
in
plating the housing market here in the
United States by the way that type of
foreign investment is artificially
inflating the housing market in lots of
other countries as well and so it
infuriates me that they keep getting
away with it and to know that
prosecutors are finally doing something
about it is good news yeah and for those
of you out there who support Donald
Trump because you think he's strong on
immigration issues that he cracks down
on illegal immigrants and legal limit
it's all a hoax you've been totally
suckered by him because he has no
problems hiring foreign workers to work
in his companies and the reason why he's
trying to make it harder for legal
immigrants to come in is because then
this is the only way of getting in
through the the eb-5 visa and where
would that money go it could funneled
right to his family members and his
whole scheme it's so simple all you want
to do is self deal make deals with other
countries still at the country instead
of our country and enrich himself and
his family that's what this is all about
so whether it's the Russians the Chinese
the Argentinians who doesn't matter
he'll kind of deal with anyone that's
going to make himself richer so what
she'd Nicole Kushner did Kirkley which
she did was she went to these rich
Chinese investors and said invest in a
project that we have going in the United
States and then we'll give you a visa
yes the timing is just incredible right
because they did they Trump Trump
reauthorizes this program and then a day
later
Nicole Kushner has this big meeting with
these investors in China and so yeah
it's all about selling visas to you know
the highest bidder right and think about
that so it's not a coincidence that
those dates lined up like that so Nicole
Cristiano probably had that meeting set
up with with the Chinese and she and
through backchannels are directly to
Trump or his people said hey you gonna
you know reauthorize this right away
because otherwise when I pitch them
tomorrow they're not gonna this so
please do it right away
so come on guys this is this is like
just Branson and obvious over-the-top
self-dealing
by the way I just want to talk about
this and immigration and all of that for
for a little while longer because I
think I think a lot of people are misled
about what goes on with immigration or
how you know foreigners have a negative
impact on our lives right look
I'm I know that we get painted as
bleeding-heart liberals or whatever but
I'm a reasonable person and so look if
immigration is hurting Americans and
their job prospects then yeah I do want
to balance it right so I'm not saying
let's open our borders and let everyone
in I think that there it's a very
delicate balancing act and unfortunately
we don't have people who are having
sincere discussions about this we have a
lot of demagogues we have a lot of you
know negative you know fringe
individuals who get all the attention
and they basically monopolize the
conversation but I think it makes sense
to have you know a real analysis of the
impact of immigration and make smart
policy decisions based on that but if
you really want to focus on how
foreigners are harming Americans
economically this type of investment is
harming us economically right where
we're literally selling visas to wealthy
people abroad who either want the visas
or to be quite honest with you are
looking to launder their money
we have people laundering their money
from from Russia and they do so by
buying properties here in the United
States same with China okay that's a big
problem and I want to do something to
stop it right away and also here's
another thing Trump talks a big talk
about employing Americans okay so if you
want to employ Americans why are you
raising the cap for foreign workers to
come here into the United States and
take American jobs particularly jobs
that you need for your properties right
Trump properties is looking to hire more
foreign workers that's weird
doesn't that seem like it's a little
inconsistent with what Trump was
campaigning on I mean he doesn't care
about you guys and I'm not just saying
that because I don't like him I'm saying
that because I know for a fact he does
not practice what he preaches why is he
bringing in foreign workers if he claims
that he wants Americans to work those
jobs he's just full of it man yeah yes
and to paint a very clear picture as to
why these foreign investments hurt the
US economy and in many ways is that so
for example here in Los Angeles there's
a neighborhood called Manhattan Beach
it's beautiful there okay it's this
beautiful beach community and there's a
finite number of houses right along the
ocean so when I first moved to the US
I'm not to the US to LA back in 92 those
homes are just couple thousand dollars
and I know prices go up but now just
those lots the lots are selling for ten
million dollars each and then it's
another five min or so to put up a house
there because there's only maybe a
hundred of those homes and and that's
being impacted by super-rich Chinese and
super-rich Russians some of those many
of those homes remain empty remain empty
you don't know what they do and they
drive up the prices for everyone in
neighborhoods so Americans are now
priced out of those homes that's right
so if you are earning you know a
upper-middle class income it's almost
impossible for you to own homes in
certain areas of this country and it's
because of those foreign investors and
another thing I wanted to note there are
laws and regulations that that state if
you buy a home you need to live there
for X amount of years you can't just buy
it and and you know use it as an
investment and it just stays empty and
so now there are companies popping up
that literally try to make it seem like
there's someone living there when
there's no one living there at all
they'll put shoes at the front door it's
absurd it's absurd so that's what's
really going on and again I think these
federal prosecutors in New York for
going after Kushner properties for doing
this but more importantly I want them to
broaden their scope and not hyper focus
on just what Kushner properties are
doing because the reality is there are a
lot of other developers out there that
are doing something similar help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
