Donald Trump's administration has been
plagued with a number of leaks some
coming from White House officials others
coming from members of Congress and the
media continues to report on these leaks
to you know the detriment of Trump and
members of his administration now as a
result Jeff sessions has decided to take
matters into his own hands and the DOJ
is warning the media that it could be
subpoenaed if it either airs or writes
about information that has been
disclosed through these leaks now
sessions announced a government-wide
crack down on leakers which will include
a review of the Justice Department's
policies on subpoenas for media outlets
that publish sensitive information now
have more information for you but first
let's hear from Jeff Sessions himself
who gave a press conference in regard to
this matter one of the things we are
doing is reviewing policies for
affecting media subpoenas we respect the
important role that the press plays and
will give them respect but it is not
unlimited
they cannot place lives at risk with
impunity we must balance the presses
role with protecting our national
security and the lives of those who
serve in the intelligence community they
armed forces and all law-abiding
Americans all right so just to give you
a little more detail into what the
Justice Department is planning to do the
Justice Department FBI and government
intelligence agencies will direct more
resources into these investigations of
government leaks and would prioritize
prosecuting those that pass sensitive
information along to the press or
foreign officials session said his
Justice Department has already tripled
the number of active leak investigations
over the previous administration and
that the FBI would create new
counterintelligence unit to manage the
cases so they're getting serious about
these leaks and you know sessions
mentioned that you know he respects
freedom of the press and that it's going
to be a delicate balance but I'm
skeptical
in terms of whether or not they're
really going to strike that the right
now so there are a number of problems
here number one this is a direct attack
on the press so if there are leaks and
the leakers are engaging in some sort of
bad behavior and you want to go after
the leakers that's a different issue
and I'm largely okay with that and they
sort that out but when you go through
the press and you subpoena the press and
you make this press disclose your
sources all of that that's a direct
attack it has a massive chilling effect
on on the press and the media so if the
press is receiving information from
multiple sources and the press hopefully
is responsible and they don't publish
information for example they wouldn't
say our military is hiding in this
location and they're gonna attack the
terrorists tomorrow at 6:00 p.m. right
like obviously the press shouldn't do
that but the press you know it's their
right to adjudicate what is you know
worthy of being being printed or shown
on air or whatever it may be so for the
Justice Department to go after the press
is it an attack I think that's an attack
of the First Amendment right I mean yes
and of course from the right we're
seeing this argument that those on the
Left are attacking First Amendment
rights and free speech well included in
free speech is a free press and correct
me if I'm wrong I don't remember any
publication writing about any leak that
puts anyone's life in jeopardy and and
that kind of fear-mongering is what I'm
hearing from Jeff Sessions and if you
care one tiny bit about freedom of
speech and the First Amendment this is
where it starts so if some private
institution or some private university
says you can't say certain words here or
we don't want a lesson
people speak here yes that's that's an
infringement on the First Amendment but
that is secondary tertiary compared to
the government that's right prohibiting
the press from disclosing certain things
that the government is doing the press
the whole point of the press is to have
a functional democracy and to be a
watchdogs for again against power and
corruption so if the government the
powerful now has a power to destroy that
institution well then you know have a
functioning democracy so if you care one
bit
about it you care a lot more about Jeff
Sessions going after the press than
about you know some liberal snowflakes
somewhere who who are a lot of safe
space like actually the last of your
concerns
so has done I'm trying to figure out
didn't he say he's just gonna enforce
the full letter of the law or did he say
they're gonna do extra things because
it's just sounded like you're right if
you go after the leaker that's one thing
but did they threaten the primary I know
he did kind of semi threat in the press
right I know he said that thing and he
didn't take any questions and he left
the room but like is there anything like
that looks explicitly threatens the
press oh they're going to revisit the
potential of subpoenaing journalists and
so look you subpoena a journalist for
one of these investigations what's gonna
happen they're going to be pressure to
identify who their sources are and
journalists don't do that journalists
are not supposed to disclose their
sources and there have been journalists
in the past who have you know faced
prosecutorial proceedings as a result of
that some of them have you even thrown
in in jail in the past because they
refused to note who their sources are so
I don't know if they're planning on
really going after journalists in that
way but I think that that would have a
chilling effect on freedom of the press
and look so far again maybe I'm wrong
and if I'm wrong please correct me send
me a tweet let me know the information
that has been reported by these
journalists has not put anyone's life in
danger they've been incredibly
embarrassing to the president I mean the
fact that you know the latest leak
indicates that the president had a call
with the leader of Mexico and said yeah
you know let's just keep it real this
wall is not like the most important
thing yeah it's embarrassing because you
lied to your base you lied to the people
who voted for you and so something
that's embarrassing is not the same as
something that puts anyone's life in
jeopardy or threatens national security
that's what they they always say that
it's right in someone's life they said
it with Chelsea Manning right even just
the other day someone from the Obama
administration tweet
about their lives were at risk I'm like
there's no that's just a smear for
Chelsea Manning right there they keep
saying that it's yeah this crackdown on
the press I think is kind of bipartisan
because a lot of people were upset about
the Obama administration using the
Espionage Act to prosecute six six
journalists which was a record and so
yeah so Trump is now we've been getting
because they can't stop the leaks from
their own White House they're gonna
threaten the press I don't you know it
is weird though how do you guys feel
about this that it said that the full
transcripts of his phone calls with
foreign leaders were leaked to the
Washington Post
I missed that story I don't know how I
missed that story but I did what the
Mexican leader yes I actually have a
problem with that because we can't have
foreign leaders thinking that they can't
speak ultimately right with our
president because that could sleep so I
have a problem with that
so if you want to go after those leakers
that's fine yes but I have a bigger
problem with Jeff Sessions basically
taking the power of the executive branch
co-opting the do the judiciary because
subpoena power is a power of the court
so you have to comply with the otherwise
not in contempt of court yeah and you
could go to jail so co-opting the court
to compel a journalist to comply with
the dictates of executive branch so
that's where it gets really problematic
and they always cite I mean see this is
a quite tricky sleight of hand that they
always do so you talked the national
security of its national security this
is really important lives are at stake
but then they're gonna have to sensitive
information well what does that mean
sensitive right it makes someone look
bad or is this some sort of you know
life-threatening issue that really
impacts national security so they say we
do for national security we're gonna go
after you for sensitive information so
it's very very tricky and like I said if
you care one bit about the First
Amendment you should be super vigilant
about any encroachment to the rights of
journalists and and but Jimmy's correct
this is a bipartisan effort it looks
uglier with Trump because he does
everything over-the-top but Obama did a
similar thing I mean over the last I
mean it's the bush
the second Bush years maybe even before
there has been a consolidation of power
by the executive branch they are
becoming stronger and stronger and it's
part of the Bush Doctrine and Cheney and
all of his lawyers over there they have
empowered the executive to a crazy
levels where it's never intended to be
this way yeah I mean it throws off what
we're supposed to have with you know
balance of power in our country and and
yeah you're right it's it's skewed now
but I think that you know the most
important thing is looking there's a
certain culture in this White House and
I love scaramouche's quote of the fish
rots from the head down you're right the
fish does rot from the head down we're
seeing more leaks in this administration
than ever before and there's a reason
for that there's a certain type of
culture that's being perpetuated by our
president and so yes go after the
leakers do an investigation that's fine
but more importantly try to understand
why it is there are so many more leaks
happening within your administration
it's just flat-out poor leadership he
surrounds himself with yes men who are
sycophants and and those folks have
nothing to offer except flattery so
they're always secure and they're
backstabbing each other like crazy and
and you saw it firsthand with skerin
Lucci Bannen Reince Priebus speiser
huckabee sanders i mean it's it's it's
chaos over there the other problem with
what they're doing is this I mean you
know the first graphic that talks about
how they're they're tripping the number
of investigations they're starting a
whole new unit I mean these are
resources absolutely I thought we cared
about terrorism I thought we cared about
you know sex trafficking I thought we
cared about all these other issues you
know white-collar crime well all of that
is now on the back burner because above
and beyond anything else this
administration cares about its own
self-image and perpetuating so empower
so they're gonna spend all the resources
going after leakers instead of these
other matters that are you know
ostensibly a lot more or a chance that's
the actually a bigger threat to national
security and the well-being of the
American people absolutely help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
