hey everybody its David Sirota so you
probably heard about the big Foxconn
deal that President Trump House Speaker
Paul Ryan and Governor Scott Walker of
Wisconsin have been touting it is a deal
in which taxpayers will be effectively
subsidizing a foreign manufacturing firm
up to the tune of three billion dollars
that was a big deal that was announced
Trump and Governor Walker touting it as
a big jobs benefit for Wisconsin what
they didn't mention in touting this was
that the legislation being proposed by
Walker to enact those up to three
billion dollars in subsidies that
legislation also includes waivers from
key environmental laws in other words
Wisconsin is not only offering Foxconn
this foreign company a three billion
dollar subsidy it is also offering this
foreign company an exemption from the
state's key environmental laws
protecting its waterways and wetlands
and the key point in this on top of all
of that is that Foxconn is a company
that has been accused by
environmentalist of poisoning rivers in
places like China so you have a
situation in which the federal
government through Donald Trump and
through House Speaker Paul Ryan and a
state government are touting as a great
model of economic success bringing a
company into the United States by giving
the company billions of dollars of
taxpayer support while also exempting it
from our domestic environmental laws I
mean this is an incredible story and
potentially one that speaks to the idea
of what economic development means to
the Trump administration and to state
officials like like Governor Walker
listen to this so under the current laws
companies right now in in Wisconsin are
prohibited from discharging materials or
otherwise polluting wetlands without a
specific permit to do so that's existing
law under the bill that Scott Walker is
putting forward to help Foxconn Company
within this new special economic zone
we'll be allowed to discharge materials
into non-federal wetlands if it relates
to the construction of a manufacturing
facility that's buried in the bill what
that means in other words is that
Foxconn when it builds its plant won't
have to get the permits the
environmental permits necessary that all
other companies in the state have to get
you won't have to get those permits when
it builds its facility so effectively it
may be able to ignore Wisconsin's key
environmental laws and this again is a
company that has been accused by
environmentalists of polluting rivers in
other countries another section of the
bill outlines how existing Wisconsin law
requires companies to obtain a permit to
disturb or transform nearby waterways
according to the analysis of the bill by
the republican-led legislature the new
bill will allow Walker's administration
to waive those permitting rights this is
all buried in the legislation that Scott
Walker is going to be asking Wisconsin
legislators to vote on now this again is
there is not just about one deal this is
about an entire economic model what the
Trump administration and Governor Walker
seem to be saying is that they that
economic development can be created by
creating special economic zones that
effectively exempt corporations from the
laws that other small businesses and
other human beings in the United States
have to follow in this case it's
exempting it proposes to exempt Foxconn
from domestic environmental laws and and
and the company's environmental record
makes it all the more I think newsworthy
and all the more concerning to
environmentalists about what this means
for economic development moving forward
so so this is not just about taxpayers
giving huge amounts of money for
economic development it's also about
gifts and benefits in the form of
waiving the laws that the rest of
society has to abide by waiving those
laws for corporations in the name of
economic development
and it also says something I think about
the idea of the free market I mean let's
let's remember as Paul Ryan whose
district where that is where this plant
is going to be built Paul Ryan has
touted himself as a great paragon of the
free market he's a follower of iron Rand
and yet here is an economic development
project that is in some ways the
opposite of a free-market situation an
economic development situation that is
predicated on huge government funded
support for a private corporation and
also exempting one company or the
companies in this zone from the laws
that other companies have to follow
that's the opposite of a free market
that's the kind of tilted or rigged
market one that's rigged for a specific
company that's the kind of situation
that Trump and Paul Ryan and the others
and and and Republicans and
conservatives have criticized for years
and yet because it is a plant that is
going into a politically important state
a politically important district it is
being touted as a great model of
economic development the big question is
is this going to become the model of
economic development throughout the
country situations where it's taxpayers
support for private corporations and
exemptions from environmental laws all
in the name of economic development is
that the future of economic development
in America it's a big question
