act Imre is an immunosuppressive
medication used to treat the symptoms of
moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis
the medication was first approved by the
FDA in 2010 the drugs been marketed to
doctors is not increasing the risk of
heart failure stroke and lung disease
which competing drug makers admit their
rheumatoid arthritis medication actually
does the problem is at Tamra does
apparently carry the same risks in the
manufacturers of misled the FDA and
doctors in order to sell its drug
according to the news organization stat
which specialises in medical journalism
patients taking at kimra are 50% more
likely to suffer a heart attack or a
stroke than patients using umbrella a
competitive a drug in fact stat analyzed
more than 500,000 reports of adverse
events during treatment with rheumatoid
arthritis drugs and found clear evidence
that the risk of heart attacks strokes
heart failure and other conditions were
as high or higher for patients with at
Imre than they were with patients with
competing drugs the failure of that
timber to carry of proper warning has
led doctors to overly prescribe this
medication to individuals who are
susceptible to heart and lung injuries
and its lead doctors to fail to monitor
these patients more closely for
potential harm as they ordinarily would
do drug makers Roche and genatech the
manufacturers that camera are now facing
thousands of potential lawsuits
plaintiffs lawyers claimed that Roche
and genatech failed to properly test ik
timber before placing it on the market
they failed the warned doctors and
failed to warn patients that the
medication was just as likely to cause
serious injuries as all the competitor
drugs concealed evidence of the dangers
of the drug from the government in
public was one of the claims
misrepresentation of safety of the
medication in its marketing material and
publication that was one of the claims
the truth is it pays to understand what
dangers any drug might cause before you
take that drug don't just take the word
of the doctor do your research find out
for yourself before you
start taking a medication especially if
that medication has not been on the
market for more than ten years
