at the politican this year they had this
great guy from the DNC and here he's
being interviewed by a journalist let's
listen to a little bit of the beginning
morning everyone so much for being here
I'm Jennifer predator and a journalist
and I've been covering the DNC for many
years now and I have to say that today's
conversation is a very exciting one so
that I don't know the better deal was
announced earlier last week though there
are some elements of a better deal that
haven't been fully understood so luckily
we have a person from the dancies here
today Frank Spencer he's the deputy vice
chair of civic engagement to discuss
some of the finer points just so you
know Frank Spencer isn't really from the
DNC
I know it's such a bummer right because
I got a I got suspicious when he started
talking because he started making sense
and so here's some of the stuff he said
and remember everyone there thinks he's
from the DNC and they think he's really
doing an autopsy on the Democratic Party
and he route they really think that he's
speaking for the Democratic Party so
just keep this in mind this had just
happened at politican and so here we go
what we found in our research mirror the
national polls poll after poll after
poll it also mirrored what was happening
in state and local elections across the
country again and again we found that a
solid majority of Americans wanted
universal government-sponsored health
care and even almost half of all
Republicans did a majority wanted
stronger unions again across the
political spectrum
especially workers but everyone 2/3 of
Americans wanted to ition free college
non-interventionism was very popular as
we know a number of Trump voters voted
that way because of his promises to keep
us out of conflicts almost everyone in
our survey and in the polls thinks that
Wall Street has way too much influence
and many people would said
get rid of corporate lobbying altogether
once we had understood these concerns
that we had failed to address we began
to look at how we could do so in the
future and that's when we realized we
couldn't our hands were tied in large
part because of our donors Medicare for
all would be a disaster for the
insurance companies and pharmaceutical
companies who are very important donors
to our party
they loved Obamacare which however did
not lower costs and Medicare for all
which would these companies did not like
quite as much strong unions would be
horrible for many of our friends in the
management community the schools that
almost all of us hail from might not
take so well to the idea of tuition free
colleges which would bite into some of
their profits it would be pretty hard
for military contractors to give up the
four hundred billion dollars that flows
their way in part stimulated by foreign
interventions and as for preventing
corporations from lobbying in government
or providing public financing of
Elections it's hard to imagine that any
of our donors who would like that very
much
if we were going to have a better deal
if we were going to adopt the positions
that could win future elections for our
party we had to begin by severing our
donor relationships which would also
pave the way for a more collective kind
of support which was proven to be
entirely possible in this last election
on both sides of the fight so after
passing a resolution first proposed by
Christine Pelosi in February to prevent
corporate donations to the DNC from
happening we adopted a series of similar
measures that freed us to champion the
most people friendly the most vote
getting policies medicare-for-all strong
unions tuition free college
non-interventionism the reduction of
corporate influence the
evolution of private prisons that one
was also quite popular across the aisle
and also getting even more firmly behind
renewable energy it turns out that
three-quarters of Trump supporters are
in favor of renewable energy in part
perhaps
because of the large number of jobs it
creates this is the guy from the
estimate what I love what he's doing is
he's saying all the things and now
people really think he's from the DNC
and now the DNC has to deny that right
they have to go no that was a hoax were
not for Medicare for all
we're not forgetting corporate money out
of the DNC we're not for free college
tuition what they have to know tonight
they don't know they will if asked about
it hey we have this kind of deep and see
what is going on so that's what has
happened before with the s-mint
so I hope this happens again were the
DNC is gonna have to deny it but can you
put so he's talking to a roomful of
politically minded people and a
political conference and no one's
sitting there going you're out of your
mind after all like well it's about time
this is awesome right and see although
some of the people were like mm-hmm
that's that's a part of you we all
reminded me of is if you remember this
many years ago Susan Boyle who was the
singer watch that video of you know
British Idol or whatever was uh
Britain's Got Talent over the show was
and when they she comes on and she's his
mouth you lookin woman in this
unattractive housecoat and she's through
a heavyset and they cut to the audience
and they're people going like that's
what I feel like the people in the
audience are like this yep like you know
am i hearing this right what's going on
here well can you imagine ever hear this
unless is Bernie Sanders up there you
never hear this imagine if a political
party actually did adopt this platform
they would crush it do you know how hard
they would crush it they would Tim so
hard it's important to be bipartisan
yeah we gotta get home or actually you
know how much they would be crushed is
the reality yes I mean we start talking
about our donors and how we can that's
no good for our donors so what are we
gonna do we're handcuffed and handcuffed
because of our donor so what she almost
took me back to that moment when
President Obama said that he would walk
with the teacher put on a soccer shoes
and walk with the teacher unions on the
picket line ever ever
so being a supporter of unions yes yes
yes
Democrats yes
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member it helps support shows like the
aggressive progressives who are pissed
off at corporate Democrats go to tea
white tea network.com slash join it's
only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
