we have another leak now this is about a
conversation that President Trump had
with president at a key opinion yet
though on January 27th a little while
back uh that he gets in office well the
first calls he makes understandably is
to our neighbors of the south and
remember he had as his top campaign
issue of the wall but when he calls the
Mexican president he doesn't say that he
says these are transcripts quote it is
the least important thing we are talking
about hmm I thought you told your voters
that it was the most important thing you
see that he's got a different story for
depending on who he's talking to and so
if you had look even if you're Magda you
know he's a liar you know he lies every
single day he can't help himself even
his friends say he's a pathological liar
all right so that's one aspect of it
then though he talks to NATO and he
wants to get him to stop talking about
the wall and how he won't pay for it now
of course Mexico the Trump famously said
we're gonna build a wall and we're gonna
make Mexico pay for it Mexico said no to
that of course I'm a favor you're stupid
a wall right so Trump is trying to talk
me out of saying that so he says this
again in the transcripts of the phone
conversation so what I would like to
recommend is if we're going to have
continued dialogue we will work out the
wall they're going to say who is going
to pay for the wall mr. president to
both of us and we should both say we
will work it out it will work out in the
formula somehow as opposed to use saying
we will not pay and me saying we will
not pay why why would he agree to that
it's like saying now look here's the
deal I'm going to punch you in the face
but if the press asks you let's both
agree to say that I didn't punch you in
the face uh No Deal
okay I'm going to make her pay for the
wall now say that that's that don't say
that you're not paying for it okay why
would I say okay anyway so Nieto
understandably responds says this is
what I suggest mr. president he's
telling Trump let us stop talking about
the wall I recognize the right of any
government to protect this borders as it
deems necessary inconvenient but my
position
has been and will continue to be very
firm saying that Mexico cannot pay for
that wall now look I actually think
that's the least he can do
if I was him and AI wanted to protect my
people are and and their pride I mean
their pride has been insulted and it's
not just a matter of their pride
everything has been insulted
he called Mexicans coming in murderers
and rapists and criminals so if I was
Nieto I had been a thousand times
tougher on him but in and and I would
say yeah I'm gonna talk about the wall
we're gonna do a press conference you
know what's the first thing I'm gonna
say I'm not paying for that goddamn wall
but okay
Nieto at least said no no deal of course
I'll tell people what our actual
position is if they ask and Trump tries
one last time well you cannot say that
to the press the press is going to go
with that and I cannot live with that
you cannot say that to the press because
I cannot negotiate under those
circumstances here's what you're missing
and I know Nieto they're both presidents
and u.s. is an incredibly important
trading partner there's a lot on the
line so there's a ton of pressure on you
I get it but I if I'm in a situation
like this I feel like what are you
talking about what what negotiations
there's no negotiations it's not news on
back and forth you said we would pay for
the wall you made that up we're not
going to pay for it so if you can't
negotiate under those conditions great
because we weren't negotiating in the
first wave okay so go ahead and piss off
so Trump and it look live Sam is is that
kid he never had a plan so he told you
all these pretty little lies on health
care he told you everybody's going to be
covered that's universal health care
coverage that it's a very progressive
position now he gets an office are going
to cover everybody no no not all the
tens of millions that right now are not
covered we're never going to cover them
and on top of that we're going to make
sure another 20 to 30 million go
uncovered inside universal coverage
everybody said lower premiums no it
turns out their proposals higher premium
premiums and we're going to cover things
like pre-existing condition and your
health care is going to be
it turns out no the health care that
would result would cover less things so
over and over again he told you the was
the most important thing it turns out he
thinks or tells other people it's the
least important thing and he told you he
had a plan he had a plan for Isis where
the hell's that plan he told you he had
a plan to make Mexico pay for the wall
you can see from this conversation he
never had that plan he thought I don't
know I'll just make it up down and then
when I get into office which I probably
won't but if I do know I don't know I'll
try to bully a couple of people into
doing what I want that is not a that's
not how a smart person operates that you
come up with a plan a a plan B a Plan C
you figure out what leverage to use to
get to that he just his idea of
leverages okay don't do that okay I'm
asking you not to do that
because that would be embarrassing to me
okay well so talk about the wall and the
don't say that you're not gonna pay for
it oh you don't agree Oh cute I didn't
ever plan B corporate media is also
wrong
independent media is the way to go
believe me believe me support
independent media right now become a
Young Turks member TYT Network comm
slash join
