in our current post
11:9 world the shock of Donald Trump's
win over Hillary Clinton has subsided
and has been replaced with the daily or
rather hourly or really rather minute ly
shot at the going-ons of this
administration it's like a circus but a
circus where each event could lead to a
death sentence for millions of people in
the crowd or where instead of handing
the baton to your fellow Acrobat you
hand her country over to a foreign
adversary Democrats know that if they
want to put an end to the charade they
will have to reclaim the house in 2018
but how do they plan to do that
well apparently by screwing over the
very people who led the resist movement
fought day in and day out to save the
ACA and who predominantly voted Democrat
in the fall you guessed it the Democrats
have decided to sell out us ladies on
Monday representative Ben Lewin who
chairs the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee said the more the
merrier when it comes to allocated funds
to candidates even if they oppose
abortion rates
he said there's not a litmus test for
Democratic candidates I'm Hanna Cranston
and my litmus test for human decency
includes protecting women's choice so
here are some choice words for members
of the Democratic Party who don't think
women should have the right to make
decisions about their own bodies now I
get it representative lien the election
happened we're all wondering how do we
get those trap voters back on our team
and you think to yourself well if you
can't beat them join them I am pro-life
it has to be some form of punishment for
the woman yeah 81% of evangelicals
around the country heard this and we're
like yep that's my dude do you want to
see the court overturned well if we put
another two or perhaps three justices on
that's really what's going to be head
that's will happen and that'll happen
automatically in my opinion because I am
putting pro-life and justices on the
court nine out of ten Republicans heard
this and we're like but I'll still get
my tax cut right and still voted for the
man who wanted to take decisions about
what happens to their bodies out of
women's hands and hand it over to two
perhaps three justices so I get the
appeal of broadening your base by
broadening your litmus test
where candidates stand on certain issues
but abortion it cannot be one of those
issues when you take away a woman's
right to abortion you take away her
right to bottle the autonomy which
should be in an alien about human right
by promoting anti choice candidates who
tell the women who campaigned tirelessly
for Hillary Clinton who came out in the
millions on January 21st for the women's
March the true catalysts to the resist
movement the women who fought for the
ACA whether through protesting writing
letters or even voting against their own
party to protect choice who tell them
that they don't matter that you're
willing to prioritize the pursuit of a
few seats in a house over their rights
and that their pink pussy hats were knit
knitted not they were made in vain women
are the backbone of their party and of
the movement fighting against Trump and
yet in their new policy push called a
better deal Democrats left out abortion
rights in favor of economic policies
surrounding jobs wages and reducing the
burden of families but what do you know
these are all areas that are actually
improved upon by legalized abortion
reproductive choice is an economic issue
reproductive freedom gives women the
opportunity to attain an education and
enter the workforce take more control
over their financial decisions and gives
women the choice to decide if and when
they want to start having children which
reduces the burden on families and seven
out of ten Americans understand this
they get that choice as a human right
and that we all benefit when women are
treated as humans especially when it
comes to the economy and combating
poverty so why if the majority of
Americans are pro-choice is the
Democratic Party abandoning us now after
all that we've done
maybe it's because in the eyes of some
women represent little more than a
bargaining chip in the electoral game
easily sacrifice in the pursuit of a few
more votes when it's convenient you
pander to us but at the end of the day
when you support people opposed to our
basic rights we know that you don't have
our backs maybe you never did and you're
just as bad as the other guys share this
video brought to you by t YT with your
friends to call these Dems
out and follow me at hana crash
