Donald Trump and two Republican senators
have unveiled their version of limiting
immigration in the United States and
this goes further than just building a
wall in the southern border what they're
now planning on doing is making it
extremely difficult to obtain a green
card so they are limiting and capping
legal immigration sort of so I'll give
you the catch to this story in just a
second but first let me outline what
they're doing exactly Trump announced
the reforming American immigration for
strong Employment Act on August 2nd
which aims to cut immigration by half
from the current level of more than 1
million green cards granted per year the
legislation would mark a major shift in
u.s. immigration laws which over the
past over the past half century have
permitted a growing number of immigrants
to come to the country to work or join
relatives already living here legally
so one caveat to this policy would be
the fact that minor children and spouses
would still be eligible to apply for
these green cards so if it is a minor
child living in a different country who
wants to reunite with a parent who's
living in the country legally they would
be able to do so by applying for that
green card and hopefully getting
approved for it now let's hear from
Trump he was joined by Tom cotton and
David Perdue the two GOP senators who
worked on this legislation let's take a
look this competitive application
process will favor applicants who can
speak English financially support
themselves and their families and
demonstrate skills that will contribute
to our economy the raise act prevents
new migrants and new immigrants from
collecting welfare and protects US
workers from being displaced so I want
to weigh in on why this is a huge Epoque
or shows that box to the Conservatives
in a second and also the two things that
are driving the two decisions you're
going to tell us about this is the first
and then there's a second that is kind
of ironic on the same day right
well it's it actually wasn't decided on
the same day you're talking about the
yes in the cap okay yeah so it's
fascinating that he is you know using
all this tough talk and and you know the
GOP is saying no this is a great idea
because we have American workers who
need jobs and unfortunately those
positions are being filled by foreigners
and we just can't have it we need to
look out for Americans America first
however very recently Donald Trump
decided to lift the cap on foreign
workers coming into the United States to
work in you know the the fishing
industry in some other you know
temporary jobs seasonal jobs so I'll
give you the numbers on that so the
Department of Homeland Security actually
raised the cap on what's known as h-2b
visas for foreign guest workers it was
originally sixty six thousand a year and
they increased the number to eighty-one
thousand a couple days after the Trump
administration did that guess what Trump
did specifically just three days later
Trump's properties told the Department
of Labor that they wanted approval to
hire 76 guest workers using those visas
what but what about the American workers
I mean they're very concerned about the
American workers and here's the thing
like if they were genuinely concerned
about American workers and they prevent
provided data and statistics indicating
that this policy would help Americans
get jobs this policy is not done for
xenophobic reasons then I'm willing to
have a conversation I think that that is
a legitimate concern but when the
numbers don't add up and when they say
things like they need to be able to
speak English and they have to have good
education skills I mean it's it's pretty
clear what they're trying to do they're
trying to paint these individuals as you
know illiterate individuals who want to
come here and mooch off the system when
that is the furthest thing from the
truth and the Trump administration likes
to use foreign labor as well so yeah we
know what the reality is okay so first
of all I would love to see Trump could
pass those English tests that he's
referring to for the immigrants but to
the heart of the issue remember all the
times that conservatives said no this is
not about legal immigration we're just I
mean we
we got to be a country of laws we gotta
have a border if we don't have a border
with our nomination so this is all about
making sure that there is not
undocumented immigrants or where they
would call illegal immigrants or illegal
aliens but no we're not raising that's
nothing new would let the IRA's and
there's nothing new with any of that
stuff
you liberals are making that up no we're
love legal immigration as long as you
are following the laws turns out just
kidding
we don't really like legal immigrants
either so we're gonna take the number of
legal immigrants and cut them by half
now there's a couple of reasons we're
gonna do that we claim it's for the
American worker but I mean the thing
that Ana just told you about how Trump
when it comes to his own properties is
bringing in foreign workers they said
I'm not having a conversation about
American workers and whether Trump cares
about them anymore I'm having a
conversation about how we could actually
help American workers but not what
Trump's intent is Trump's intent is
politics and when it comes to actual
jobs he's like no I'm not gonna hire
Americans that cost more no way hey
that's that's for you that's not for me
so there's two real motivations one is
pander to your base and hence the pander
bear and and so health care was a
disaster I've accomplished nothing but
don't worry a foaming at the mouth
conservatives
I still hate brown people and we're just
kidding about it being illegal I don't
we don't care about that at all we just
care they're from different countries
they're foreigners and that and the
second part of it is that politics so
these people eventually become citizens
well minorities are more likely to vote
Democratic immigrants are more likely to
vote Democratic so here's a genius idea
for the Republicans let's cut off
immigration who cares that it damages
the economy damages the American idea
goes against the principles of the
Statue of Liberty don't care I care
about winning elections and scoring
points with my base right exactly and I
love the the the point that you made
about him pandering to his base because
look even if you are a little more open
to the Trump administration you have to
admit that there is a pattern and this
pattern has been so obvious especially
in the last two weeks okay
he fails when it comes to repealing the
Affordable Care Act he immediately goes
off and tweets in the middle of the
moral early in the morning about how
transgender individuals are now banned
from the military without advising
anyone letting anyone know that he's
gonna do it
it was pandering to his base and then
fast forward to this week here's what he
does when really behind the scenes he
just applies for more foreign workers to
come and work on his properties
why aren't you employing American
workers again I want to be clear I think
that we need to have an immigration
policy that makes sense that that not
only benefits people coming into the
country legally but also benefits
Americans living here and doesn't hurt
them but this discussion is clouded in
so much xenophobia that it's difficult
to take anything that he says seriously
so on the issue of legal immigration
there are conclusive studies that show
the day overall
add to the economy and and and not only
you know there's all talk about taking
jobs but a lot of them wind up becoming
entrepreneurs that create more jobs here
in America so and then the other part of
it is that it also studies showing that
on average legal immigrants commit less
crimes than the average American brain
so all those excuses are washed away
this is just about we don't want
foreigners in the country and it's it's
this basically as simple as that but but
on the issue of the actual jobs I'm with
you Anna I'm very curious about that I
like this I wish I had access to all the
information that the president has which
I'm sure he's not utilized at all but in
terms of so they brought in all these
workers partly to work on Trump's
properties okay so on that on their
issue of their hypocrisy on the on the
workers visas but so there's a seafood
processing plants in Virginia and
they're worried that it might be already
too late they applied to get more
workers because they need them because
they couldn't pick the crabs shuck the
oysters pack debate is refrigerating the
seafood there's hauling etcetera there's
all this stuff so Americans can't do I
mean of course they can do that so but
it's a tough job and I guess but that's
not that's a normal blue-collar job I'm
amazed that we can't find Americans in
Virginia do that job so which of course
means no we just can't find Americans at
the price that they want to pay the
wages they want to pay yeah and not as
an interesting perspective and I looked
into that as well because look if you're
looking for cheap foreign labor well
then yeah of course you're not gonna
want to hire Americans and pay them a
fair living wage but you know to counter
that there was there was a farmer a
grape farmer in Northern California Napa
Valley to be specific and so he wanted
to do right by Americans and he wanted
to increase the wages and provide
benefits so he could attract American
workers and and rely on them and so he
increased the the wage to $16 an hour
which is pretty good and offered
benefits including a 401k and health
insurance and guess what he still
couldn't find Americans who are willing
to do the job and I'm not making this up
the Los Angeles Times weren't about this
the New York Times wrote about this it
was you know part of something I found
during my research for my debate so I
know and there's the cases in down in
the South actually ironically in the
states of I believe the two people who
were introducing this bill with Trump /
dude definitely Georgia they they try to
once intent on cons from Arkansas and
they got tough on illegal immigrants in
that case it was undocumented and not
legal they kicked him out and then the
factories almost closed down and went to
bankruptcy because they couldn't find
anybody to work those jobs but
nonetheless I find that I literally
don't believe it I'll tell you why it
does things definitely happen it just
means you had to increase the wages even
more and so and but it is a a very
interesting question is that what wage
will that American be willing to do
these kind of blue-collar jobs and I
don't mean just regular blue-collar they
are hard they're super hard you go there
pick grapes or tomatoes in the middle of
back-breaking labor yeah in the middle
of a heat waves etc and so but there's
got to be a price and does that mean
that if at that price we wouldn't buy
the wine we wouldn't buy the crabs that
they're doing and and that's never
really been
and look to be honest with you guys it's
yes it has to do with the amount of
money a worker is getting paid but there
are other factors that don't get talked
about enough or ever
for instance migrant workers are much
more mobile they're willing to move from
one place to another to take these jobs
when in reality you know American
citizens they buy homes there they're
usually not stuck in one place but they
want to stay in one place that's where
their family is that's where their lives
are and so that's another that's one of
the other reasons why some American
workers don't take these jobs because it
means that they're gonna have to move
from one place to another so finally
look I just want to set right out of the
issues a little bit because I'm very
curious about at what price Americans
actually take these jobs and and I think
we should test that and I and if it
means higher prices for crab and and
wine okay right I don't want to diminish
that too much because some people forget
the wine in the crab but for real
produce and things that you need for
your daily diet that is really important
for low income people to have have
affordable food to eat but I think as a
society we need to know how much the
food actually costs either it costs a
price that is higher and we can pay it
or let's just be done with this farce
and go no it turns out we need foreign
workers because otherwise nobody buys
these products because they're too
expensive and the real cost is this but
in order for it to be that low we need
four workers let's figure that out it
dries all they do is demagogue in in
politics yeah on all sides but obviously
most especially these guys who are all
on the warpath against immigrants and
finally that goes to my second point
which is that this immigration issue
about the green cards is in a lot of
ways removed from that wage issue so on
a macro level of course immigration
could affect wages but in reality the
people that you're bringing in it seems
like a big number a million now a
million people a year but the according
on the last census we have at least 330
million people in the country by now and
probably be way higher than that so it's
a tiny fraction of the people in America
and a lot of those immigrants like I
said create jobs so in reality are we a
country of immigrants and so if we are
we should do
those immigration positions no matter
what especially legal immigration and
then on the wages issue let's figure
that out and if we think ok we don't
want more low-wage workers coming in on
visas that's a separate issue that we
should sort out and none of the
politicians so far have actually given a
decent answer to that it turns out
immigration is kind of complicated
nobody knew that nobody knew that
immigration was complicated support
independent media come join us the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
