so Michael Moore took a very trumpian
line in an interview on the issue of the
press here's what he said if you allow
rich corporations to buy up and control
most of the media and then put things on
the media that are intended to appeal to
the stupidity that's in all of us you
will have a dumbed-down nation he
continued the more you dumbed down the
more likely you are to end up with a
Donald Trump now let me just clarify
something real quick I said it was a you
know a trump II and criticism perhaps
that's not the best way to frame it but
point is Michael Moore is saying to an
extent fake news he's saying that the
media is terrible and there are some
people who hear this and they will
immediately say oh that's the exact same
criticism and so Michael Moore is being
exactly like Donald Trump and I'm
curious what you guys think about that
do you think that a left-wing criticism
of the mainstream media is equal to a
right-wing criticism of the mainstream
media because that's what the mainstream
media would have people believe can I
take this real quick so I think that his
criticism is is pretty different from
Trump's criticism regarding fake news I
don't think that he's saying fake news
here I think what he's saying is that
the media hasn't done a good job
providing detailed information to its
viewers or readers so they can really
understand what's going on and what the
priorities should be as Americans who
take part in a democratic process so for
instance the first thing that came to
mind was when that Malaysian airplane
went missing and CNN covered that and
that only for I don't even know how long
it was weeks where's the plane where's
the plane where's the plane non-stop it
was as if nothing else was happening in
the country and so if you're let's say a
working-class American in the middle of
the country you just lost your
manufacturing job or you just lost your
coal mining job and you're really
struggling economically and that's the
kind of crap you see in the media first
it's gonna lead to you know widespread
distrust of the media and more
importantly it does dumb people down and
dumb isn't even the right word
it makes people ignorant to the reality
facing the country right now and so I
think he's absolutely right I think that
it's it's led to uninformed
voters and more importantly people
feeling left behind or neglected by the
very journalists who are supposed to
provide a voice for them yet
Trump is totally self-serving when it
comes to using fake news and it's almost
like sad and how obvious it is that he's
self-serving and he only says it when
it's a story that makes him look bad
that's when he screams fake news when
it's positive news he once literally
said that about the polls on him he
basically said hey all the polls that
are that show me with good numbers are
good polls and the ones that show me
with bad numbers or fake news and
they're bad polls and he's right
what we have here is a basically a
far-right criticism from Trump of the
media that makes absolutely no sense but
we have to remember that basically the
godfather of intelligent media critique
mainstream media critique is Noam
Chomsky and you know he wrote the book
manufacturing consent basically the
point is hey corporate media these are
elites and they're gonna reflect the
worldview of the elites of the ruling
class and oftentimes what you see is
corporate media toes the line of the US
government more so than state media even
does in certain you know places with
state media so I think it's really
important to point out that there is a
giant difference there and I also just
want to point out I think liberals
should avoid falling into a trap here
because there is a trap set up where
when Trump screams fake news oftentimes
the instinct is to say no there is no
fake news and there and the media didn't
do anything wrong ever and let's defend
the mainstream media and it's know what
you should do is be nuanced about it and
say there's a left critique of
mainstream media that makes perfect
sense and Trump's critique of mainstream
media makes absolutely no sense yes so
let me break down the that down just a
little bit further so on the right wing
apparently they believe that the
Washington Post New York Times etc they
get in a room and they go alright what
story should we make up today I mean
that's insanity that's lunacy no one
does that now if you said they're in a
room and they have groupthink and they
all think very similar things and that
is if you're the right wing you say they
have
liberal point of view I don't agree with
you at least half don't agree with you
but I understand that that's a
legitimate point of view it's it's it's
not crazy to think that we think they
have a corporate an establishment point
of view and that's a perfectly normal
thing to think as well but if you think
they get in a room and just make up
stories you're nuts you belong in an
insane asylum and unfortunately that is
now the majority of Republicans because
they follow their dear orange leader
okay now if you want to know what they
actually are motivated by look at their
incentives so let's use logic here so
for the mainstream media what do they
mainly incentivize - well they're mostly
giant corporate media outlets and so the
and as is the core of what Michael Moore
said and that is of course right
sometimes when I talk to reporters
they'll say oh that sounds
conspiratorial like the right-wing wait
a minute but they are
multibillion-dollar corporations that's
a fact
how could that because spirit oreal are
you saying that they're not
multi-million dollar corporations
because that sounds like a weird
conspiracy theory right and are you
saying that the second net part is that
multibillion-dollar corporations are not
interested in profit and hence don't
care about ratings don't care about
maintaining the status quo etc that
sounds weird it's a spirit or it almost
sounds that sounds trumpian no the
corporation has got together and decided
they don't care about profit and they're
just gonna give you the best possible
news okay now so it's also a little
naive now
hence what is the BI so that it is
created by that it is a bias in favor of
the status quo if you're a multi-billion
dollar corporation you don't want to
rock the boat because it's you're a boat
okay so and and the main way they do
that is not in a smoke-filled room it
comes from the top down they it's in who
they choose to hire they're not gonna
hire jimmy dore for CNN this is not
gonna do it okay they're not gonna hire
a radical in any way shape or form or
anywhere near radical they're gonna hire
Anderson Cooper and Wolf Blitzer yes
they no they are not going to rock the
boat they're going to do exactly what is
the status quo it's because it's pre
then they're already in favor of what we
consider the establishment and what they
consider to be fair to them the norm
look what do you mean of course we're in
favor of bipartisan agreement of things
like trade where the corporation's right
the trade deals and we all follow along
we and the rich get tax cuts and
corporations like us get tax cuts of
course they don't mean it in any
malicious way but they were hired to
maintain that status quo I think you're
being unfair to wolf blitzer I mean he
he is really known to rock the boat ever
been anyone who is rock the boat less
the wolf blitzer so and if you're
wondering so let's just last two
examples of CNN of Fox News so why does
CNN cover that plane missing story for
so long because you look at it from the
perspective of wait they're in the news
business there's so much other news why
are they covering it they don't look at
it from that point of view at all they
look at it from and I know because I
worked on cable news quarterly our
ratings that is what everybody inside
the building is obsessed with hey we
talked about the plane people are
interested in that that quarter hour did
great then we turn around and talked
about the tax cuts their ratings going
down a little bit we went back and
talked about the plane the ratings went
back up so they say you know what says
the ratings are up just keep talking
about the plane until the ratings go
down we don't care what's in the news
what's important that is for you to care
about if you are a journalist or you're
someone who's obsessed with the news we
are a corporation we will maximize
ratings which will maximize profits and
Fox News's version of that is why are
they obsessed with Berkeley it makes it
sound like Berkeley runs the country
they do non-stop stories about oh this
left this person at Berkeley irrelevant
student at Berkeley
or the war on Christmas none of that
isn't in the news and they created that
why because for them the cultural wars
bring in ratings so they also don't care
about the news they care about what's
gonna get ratings for me angry white men
are gonna get ratings for me so I'm
gonna scare the bejesus out of them
them really angry and that's how our
media runs and so Michael Moore saying
that is the tip of the iceberg it's an
excellent point he's absolutely right
but you should read Chomsky and find out
what's actually happening and one last
thing that I gotta give Michael more
credit for he correctly assessed that
Donald Trump would win obviously I was
in a similar boat not exactly the same
but we were both concerned about
populist on the rise of populism and how
the Democrats were presenting the
establishment and the lead through
Hillary Clinton but he points out 2/3 of
eligible voters in America are now women
people of color and young adults and if
you guys show up to vote it's over for
the Republican Party and I agree
again I think Michael important me and
only a couple other people are on this
same sign now everybody's like no no
Democrats are gonna win numbers aren't
real polls aren't real everything is
magic no they're not magic he said quote
these are the last days of the dying
dinosaur the old white man who has been
making the decision since the beginning
of our time he's right the reason why
they're turning to fascism the reason
why they're look so concerned about
demographics and protecting the culture
is because they have lost and in Donald
Trump was the last gasp of the angry
white man and so I think more is exactly
right about that too and there's about
two weeks left so now Trump is still
gonna be in office but the Democrats
will very likely capture the house then
he's in a world of trouble the rest of
the time it's tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick for the Republican Party
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
