White House senior advisors Stephen
Miller had a press conference where he
spoke to reporters about Donald Trump's
and and GOP senators attempt at
immigration reform their immigration
legislation and he did get quite a bit
of pushback and did get a little snippy
with the reporters so we wanted to share
some of those exchanges with you let's
start off with video number five where
he talks about a little bit of hypocrisy
within the Trump administration take a
look will the Trump Organization stop
bringing in foreign workers on visa
programs to set an example for other
businesses in the interim before this
bill well as you know the only way to
have immigration policy work is has to
be national it has to be uniform
you can't have different rules and
different procedures for different
companies the this bill of course
doesn't deal with guest workers and
temporary non-immigrant visas which is I
think what you're asking about and
that's a separate thing but the
president was clear if you go back and
look at his debate on this during the
primary where he said is a businessman
my responsibility is to operate my
business according to the laws of the
United States as they exist he said as
president my responsibility is to pass
laws that make sure we have an
immigration system that prioritizes
American workers so the question that he
was asked just to give you guys a little
more context was in regard to the fact
that the Trump administration raised the
cap on the number of foreign temporary
workers who can come into the country
three days after that happened Trump
properties applied for 76 guest workers
to work on their properties so it seems
like there's a little bit of hypocrisy
there when Trump claims that he wants to
open up jobs for American workers okay
so all you guys in the red hats know it
next time you get pissed about somebody
hiring foreign workers well you know who
who to look to it's Donald Trump so no
no there's no excuses you can go cry
about it all you want but patient zero
is Donald Trump the president who's
constantly lying about putting America
first when it comes to his own
properties when it comes to the dollar
the money he's banging he's like I don't
care about American workers I was just
messing with you because I think you're
stupid
and I'm just gonna rub it in your face
even though I sent it on the campaign
trail now I'm president it would have
been one thing well I didn't win so what
who cares let's go back to doing the
things that we do I never meant it in
the first place now you're president you
can do all these branding and marketing
around me made in America hire American
you do whole weeks around you get them
through fire trucks and actually here
child okay and at the end of the day no
still as president hiring low-wage
foreign workers so if you think that's a
giant problem then you hate Donald Trump
just pick a side because if you say it's
no problem at all hey businesses got new
what they got to do then you know think
it's a problem if you think it's a
problem that you think Donald Trump is a
flaming asshole for not hiring Americans
and let me give you a sense of how
egregious and greedy he is 76 workers
you can't find 76 Americans and how much
more is that going to cost you two
dollars an hour four dollars an hour
remember at mar-a-lago one of these
estates he increased subscription the
that you have to pay to be a member from
a hundred thousand dollars a year to two
hundred thousand dollars that can't
afford two dollars for four dollars more
per worker to make them American no it
just doesn't care about you at all and
he certainly doesn't care about
principles so I just want to jump in
from you know look we are obviously
progressives and so for those of you who
are like oh you guys just hate Trump but
you're just criticizing him no no he's
getting criticism on this issue from the
right as well in fact numbers USA which
does not like immigration release the
statement in regard to what Trump did
and increasing the number of foreign
workers coming into the country let's go
to graphic eleven this is a quote or a
statement from them they said this is
yet another example of the
administration and Congress failing to
keep the Trump campaign promise of
putting American workers first that's
from Roy back from numbers USA he's the
president of numbers USA yeah that that
group is totally against immigration so
they love the press release today about
limiting legal immigrants all that talk
about oh we don't want to undock
no they just want any immigrants and
even they acknowledge yeah the president
is doing absolutely the wrong thing or
according to their ideology by go
getting low-wage workers that work in in
in his properties or as always with it
elite if it rules for you different
rules for that watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
