lawsuits are piling up against Trinity
industries it's a company that makes
highway guardrails that are killing
American drivers my gosh when does it
stop this has been out there a long time
man they've been talking about these
Trinity industry guardrails a long time
pickup
this story is particularly disgusting to
me because this is 100% according to a
whistleblower in the company and the
documents he was able to provide this is
the story of corporate greed in a
nutshell the company wanted to save
$50,000 a year
all right 50,000 that's it and they put
guard rails up in every single state
across this country massive
multi-million dollar government
contracts to do it along our US highways
and they saved that 50,000 by cutting
off one inch of the guardrail at the end
post one inch because of that it
weakened the structure to the point that
if your vehicle hits it because that's
what it's there for to prevent you from
going out of control into the woods off
a cliff whatever it is if your vehicle
hits it it crumbles in a way where it
basically becomes a knife I spoke to one
of the attorneys several years ago
handling this David Haines yeah and DC
with the Cochran Firm he said it
essentially crumples into a knife that
cuts through the vehicle and anything in
its way which includes the driver the
passenger yeah arms cut off legs heads
okay but here's what here again there
was an attempt again if you if you
believe that you're getting the news
there was an attempt to get this in to
mainstream media I have corporate media
talk about it we know about the attempt
because our law firm was involved a
Washington our Washington office the law
firm was trying to get the media to
focus on this would you please do the
story we need more coverage on this
tried to get the government to do
something about it they did nothing and
nothing happened until lawsuits were
brought until we started finding the
material tried to disclose it again the
media didn't pick it up again because
well gee whiz that's we can't mess with
corporations they pay us too much money
in advertising so the story was never
tongue class actions calm has a great
list of the victims of what happens
