so Fox & Friends is going to do a wildly
ironic segment here it is about how
Donald Trump is really loyal to his
staff now it's got a funny way of
showing it
Moochie was thrown off the boat
kind of like the original tea party if
you will instead of tea he throws
staffers in ten days Karrueche was gone
in ten days
Reince Priebus is gone Sean Spicer is
gone and the list goes on and on he's
already got through with three
communications directors but nonetheless
here's a hilarious Fox segment on we
were talking during the break I was
wondering I know the president has been
so loyal to people and his staff
including you and he's known for this do
you think he'll find a place for Anthony
spero Moochie he's been so loyal to you
to people including you Cory Lewandowski
was fired by Donald Trump hey there goes
irony right over their heads you brought
on that guy Trump fired he was his
campaign manager at a critical time when
the campaign Trump took Cory and went
mad overboard gone hey you brought on
the guy he fired this is all yeah man
wonderful because you know why they
could tell them that the sky is not blue
and they're like that's right it's a
liberal hoax to say that the sky is blue
that guy was fired by Trump but he Trump
was awesome to them and really loyal
what I bring out a different yes but
there is a point to this segment which
is what Lewandowski is gonna get - I
think so look I think anti-scam uchi has
been a person who has been a steadfast
supporter of this president both during
the campaign during the transition and
now during the administration there's a
lot of jobs out there in the
administration and the communications
director wasn't the right role for him
but my guess is the press will find a
spot for him somewhere you know what
that means that means hey mooch be cool
be cool I know he just threw you under
the bus but don't go calling reporters
again and telling people what Trump was
actually up to remember we'll find a
place for you mooch don't worry about it
we'll get you some money don't worry
we'll get you a job you know you of
course you're not
anymore you're not relevant you're not
part of the team anymore but we'll get
you something and then that'll get you a
good amount of funding be cool mooch be
cool that was the whole point of that
segment again very ironic to bring out
Lewandowski to give that message or you
know when you think about it and realize
the final message there's that's exactly
why they brought out Lewandowski which
is to say look he fired me and he wasn't
loyal to me but later he made it up to
me you know what I'm saying mooch be
cool be a team player support
independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
