now george w bush's administration was
known for being very religious and and
they brought in a lot of religious
figures to speak inside the White House
and their that Bible studies etc and
they actually do a lot of heat for that
it turns out the Trump administration is
doing it on a much wider scale but since
if there's mayhem in the Trump White
House this is like priority number 99
whereas in a normal administration it
might have been a higher priority but I
don't want you to not know it because it
actually is very important could have
important ramifications plus it's funny
so let's go to the story according to
Christian Broadcasting Network the
majority the cabinet officials attend a
frequent Bible study class yet is the
first of its kind in at least 100 years
so wow that's pretty significant most of
the top guys in the administration are
going and going like okay what does
Yahweh want me to do it look you get
offended if you're a Christian but
remember we're not a Christian nation
we're not a Muslim nation we're not a
Jewish nation we are a secular nation
and is comprised of all of us I'll read
you the Constitution in a second if
you're unfamiliar with it okay
so now we go to Ralph drollinger he's
apparently the guy going in from Capitol
ministries he's the president and
founder he says about the administration
officials these are godly individuals
that God has risen to a position of
prominence in our culture it's funny how
God is so fickle keeps changing his mind
he's like oh I'm gonna go godly with
George HW Bush Oh non godly with Bill
Clinton just mix it up a little bit back
to godly with George W Bush Oh ungodly
with Barack Obama Oh globe and godly
with that ultra does God like soap
operas too maybe God's a reality shows
all right so no God didn't pick these
guys remember when Michelle Bachmann who
apparently is also going the white house
regularly to pray okay which then god
help us all
Michele Bachmann was convinced that God
had picked her to be the next president
this was many years ago and it turns out
he didn't you don't know what God thinks
if he exists he is not actually talking
to you any of you think he is you might
want to check with the therapist okay so
let's find out what's going on in these
groups he
has started a Bible study group in 40
state capitals this guy ass as well as
foreign capitals
he teaches weekly Bible study classes
for the US House and Senate and now
leads a group of nearly all of trumps
cabinet officials that is disastrous
news if you care about the core
principles of America imagine if it was
a different religion instead of
Christianity it was Islam and they're
like no no don't worry don't worry all
the cabinet officials are meeting with
their mullah and their mullahs telling
them what to do and don't worry 40 of
our governors are also meeting or
different legislators within those 40
states are meeting with their local and
mom and all praise due to Allah
they're asking them what Muhammad wants
to do you don't know and rightfully so
you know why because we're not that
country we're the country that has this
constitution it says Congress shall make
no law respecting an establishment of
religion
I don't want Christianity established I
don't want Islam established I don't
want Judaism or anything else
established and it's not optional it's
in the Constitution so no matter what I
want the founding fathers didn't want it
if this couldn't be clear by the way
also they or prohibiting the free
exercise thereof if you then have all of
your elected officials going okay what
does you know you want to say Jesus or
Yahweh or and by the way even if you're
a Christian is like a thousand different
sects of Christianity which was is it
going to be the massiveness the
Lutheran's the Pentecostals because if
you establish a religion all the other
ones are by definition in a world of
trouble and you want free exercise of
religion I'm not religious but I do want
free exercise of religion including non
religion and I don't want one religion
favored over a nun you know the exactly
so Ralph control injure and how he
interprets the Bible are you sure it's
the same way that you interpret the
Bible are you sure that he cares at all
what Jesus thinks because if he's tell
them what Jesus thinks he should be tell
him don't you declare war under any
circumstance he was the Prince of Peace
I need you to go and increase the
welfare state tenfold 20 fold because
jesus said give away all of your
belongings
to the poor and the needy you see
advising him of that my guess is no not
really
he's giving him his interpretation of
the Bible which is Oh God it's awesome
if you're rich that's not what the Bible
actually says but it doesn't matter
because you're not we're not supposed to
be ruled by the Bible or the Quran or
the Torah we're supposed to be ruled by
the Constitution these people don't
understand America at all and they have
no interest in America all they want is
a theocracy but let's get to the fun
part
so Joel enger' apparently really likes
Mike Pence this Pence is the sponsor of
this group and you know pence says the
guy who was more religious so Georgia
sees pence as a character like biblical
stars Joseph Mordecai and Daniel all of
whom rose to stand beside that heads of
government in history
Wow Mike Pence Wow biblical hero
interesting wait hold on let's find out
what those guys did because the Bible is
always fun me think you actually read
the Bible you're like no really is that
what's in it okay now we start out good
it says low Joseph is known for always
doing the moral thing oh that's a good
start right so Joseph is a good guy does
the moral thing Mike Pence you should be
flattered by that well let's go to the
others Mordechai is known for selling
his adopted virgin daughter into a harem
using her influence so he can ascend to
power maybe that does sound like Mike
Pence I don't know I'm not the one who
complete compared him to Mordecai
Daniel committed crimes to avoid
committing biblical sins now look first
of all again just read the Bible you
want to talk about a so prop right it's
it's unreal what's in there so no I
don't want the vice-president selling
off his daughter to her hair and I don't
know why that's a positive thing and I'm
sure that they'll say no but Mordecai
also did something okay in the Bible but
the one I'm really worried about is
Daniel if they think it's okay to commit
crimes as long as you don't do their
interpretation of biblical sins well
that's a big problem and if their
religious leader is teaching them that
that's a good thing that's a giant
problem for the country okay but there's
more of this fun nonsense
interpretations by this guy
Mike Pence has respect for the office he
explains he dressed his right
like it says Joseph cleaned himself up
before he went to stand before the
Pharaoh wait does that make Trump to
Pharaoh okay anyway let's put that aside
look at their priorities did you do
drone strikes and kill innocent
civilians by accident I don't care about
that he dresses right oh I didn't know
he was that godly he's got a nice suit
on
okay well now you know your priorities
again I didn't say this he's the one
saying this he's the one emphasizing it
like well I'm let me tell you something
this guy is Mordechai and has a nice
clean sharp suit on okay now let's turn
a Trump George err sees Trump as the
biblical character Samson now a lot of
us know that Samson and Delilah and so
that seems like the strong character
he's really strong right in the Bible
and stuff let's find out what Simpsons
actually does in the Bible first so you
guys know this he's known for the source
of his strength coming from his hair
which in this case would be curious okay
hey mmm
orange hair give me strength okay in
judges Samson is an immoral person who
does little more than slaughter and
betray people okay
it is interesting where those Bible
stories end up for Penn Central okay now
back to why this is so important who's
attending these meetings well you know
who's not Trump Oh course not he's not
gonna go to Bible studies at least
religious man in America but he's like
oh yeah you guys go to it and then apply
whatever the pastor says of course the
Donald Trump once said that his own
personal Vietnam was avoiding STDs at
the orgies he went to okay hang or no
Bible study but he's about everybody
else oh yeah yeah what does Jesus say
let's go do this right and when they
asked her older he's like no I'm sure
Trump will show up later he said he'll
show up later Oh Trump made a promise to
you good luck with it okay so but who is
going Health and Human Services
Secretary Tom Price energy secretary
Rick Perry education secretary Betsy
DeVos agriculture secretary sonny Perdue
and CIA director Mike Pompeo are all
regular attendees the most notable
however is Attorney General Jeff
Sessions
those are just about the most powerful
people in America and by extension to
some degree in the world
so our CIA director our Attorney General
are not asking what does the
Constitution do what the laws demand of
me but they're asking this particular
preacher was Jesus theoretically wants
even though they never actually applied
that if you know what you could do if
you want to know what Jesus wants read
the New Testament anyway and what effect
does that have well Draugr says quote
about the guys that he's teaching he'll
go out the same day I teach him
something and I'll see him do it on
camera and I just think wow these guys
are faithful available and teachable and
they're at Bible study every week
they're in town so he tells these
cabinet officials what to do and then
he's amazed that they go on camera and
repeat exactly what he said
that is not our form of government that
is borderlines theocracy and now we know
what's happening behind the scenes
and Luke Trump might not attend these
things but Trump has actually run the
government he barely can run his own
head so it's guys like pence and
sessions and and all these different
cabinet secretaries that are running the
day-to-day business of the government
and apparently they're getting their
marching orders for some secret
religious figure who now openly brags
about it if you want a religious form of
government they are available Saudi
Arabia Iran the Vatican that is not
America this is a deeply on American
idea so and look guys lastly on it I'm
not Christian there are a lot of you out
there that are not Christian a lot of us
are now non religious at just a couple
years ago those 14 percent of the
country is probably a larger number now
then there's Jewish folks in America and
Hindus and Buddhists and Muslims
and-and-and you name it right
we're also Americans you don't get to
impose your religion on the rest of us
that's why I say it's on American that's
against our core values why should I
listen
to your so-called God or your so-called
prophet or your tax I didn't agree to
those two if I agreed to them I would
have been a Christian I'm actively not
agreeing to them I'm agreeing to be an
American guided by our Constitution and
our laws not by your interpretation of a
text from 2,000 years ago we do not
agree we are 100 percent American all of
us non religious people all the
different religions and you can't go to
Jews you can't go to non-religious
people or to anyone else and say no all
of your elected leaders will now be
following some religious Christian
leader that is not America help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm /join
