now you guys remember that during the
Hillary Clinton primary in 2015 2016
where she was the leader
we were told over and over again no
tried and true tried and true Hillary
Clinton is clear leader of the
Democratic Party and everybody else
should step aside don't primary her or
thatl primaries will hurt people
right so whoever's in charge disdain
Church okay now Bernie Sanders is the
clear leader he's the most popular
politician in the country so Democrats
of course have completely changed their
tune I can give you dozens of examples
I'll just give you one from a recent
op-ed in the hill of a sudden Kamala
Harris can be quote the fresh face the
party needs to excited space as well as
critical swing voters again when Bernie
Sanders was the upstart challenger he
has no name recognition we can't afford
to take that chance
now Kamala Harris has no name
recognition let's take that chance we
need a fresh face anybody but Bernie
anybody but Bernie now you're wondering
why is Nancy Pelosi in the graphic
because I was told that the Democratic
Party is insistent on fresh faces that's
why we have to have a primary where we
very very aggressively challenged Bernie
Sanders who is in my opinion in the
opinion of most people now likely to run
in 2020 so are they going to have the
same opinion on I suppose we're luckily
at Chris Wallace asked to Nancy Pelosi
let's find out there were four special
House elections at this spring in which
there were Republican seats that were
open because they took jabs in the Trump
administration and the Trump
administration and you lost all four of
them some of your own Democratic
colleagues in the house say part of the
problem is that you and your leadership
team are frankly too old and and the
question I have is does do Democrats
need new leaders with new ideas but let
me just say that sub promotion is a
terrible thing but somebody's got to do
it and I think that we are in I am a
master legislator I know the budget to
the nth degree I know the motivation of
people I respect the people who are in
Congress I think this is a great moment
for those of us who understand what is
at stake with the Affordable Care Act
when our possible
are in terms of working together with
the Republicans as has been our
experience in the past so I'm feel very
confident about the support I have in my
caucus now remember if it's Hillary
we don't need fresh faces if it's Bernie
who's the leader we need fresh faces
right now fresh faces if it's Pelosi or
Schumer we don't need or Hoyer
we don't need fresh faces we definitely
don't need fresh faces which one is it
oh it turns out it has nothing new in
French phrases or not it has nothing new
with the BS ideas you're putting out in
the in the media it has everything there
with the fact that Bernie Sanders will
bring real change and this is why they
did all these focus groups the Democrats
did ain't no the focus groups told them
we think you stand for the establishment
and the elite and they looked at them
and go oh I wonder why that is maybe we
should just do a new marketing gimmick
no this is why because you say no I'm
not gonna change and if there's anybody
for change I'm gonna try to squash it
that's why you they think you represent
the establishment in the elite put Nancy
Pelosi completely unbothered by that her
earlier response was well that's because
of course I'm not going anywhere I raise
the most amount of money for the
Democratic Party you God these Democrats
will never learn what you just told
people is I am the one who organizes the
most amount of legalized bribes for the
Democratic Party I know you don't think
that way and you find that that charged
outrage oh how dare you
you think we take those tens of millions
hundreds of millions of dollars
eventually all the way up to billions of
dollars and we do something in return
yes yes whether I tell you that and you
hate me or not that's what the American
people think and by the way yes I also
think that the American people are
absolutely right about that wolf dash
pack.com and get money out of politics
but if you guys keep going around and
saying you need fresh faces when
Bernie's running great then let's get
fresh faces all across Congress in
leadership and primary the hell out of
the establishment Democrats cuz they're
never gonna learn the lesson they learn
nothing from their focus groups let's do
a bunch of things that we know aren't
gonna get done but there's specific
policies Medicare fraud oh no not
Medicare for all look I was on a panel
of put on pehla pehla calm
but let it con over the weekend and you
could watch it for yourself so I'll just
tell you a Bob Shrum good guide needs
never personal I don't know a Nancy
Pelosi from Adam I'm sure she's a lovely
lady okay I'm just talking about the
system okay
so Bob Shrum says no no Nancy Pelosi you
have to give her credit first of all you
have to give Schumer and the Senate
Democrats credit for defeating the Trump
health care proposal it was polling at
17% that's a super low bar we kept our
caucus together if you can't keep your
caucus together on a bill as polling at
17% I mean damn damning with faint
praise okay now do the house side well
you didn't win they actually passed that
legislation he said but to her credit
remember her wins in 2006 what's more
than a decade ago if I give her credit
for that can I give her discredit for
nothing but wall to wall losses for the
last 11 years
so all I'm asking for is consistency so
the next time you see anybody talking
about fresh faces in the Democratic
primary for president because they don't
want Bernie then say hey that's great we
love primaries and we can't wait to
primary you guys just as Democrats calm
slash win okay yes we do need fresh
faces not because they're old but that
has nothing to do with it but because
they won't learn all they ever do
there's lose to Republicans they think
if we raise money like them but a little
less that'll be good news for us no
that's disastrous news for you
so if you're not going to beat
Republicans step aside already if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
