prosecutors have released some
interesting information regarding Paul
Manafort and his actions as a foreign
agent representing Russian interests in
Ukraine now part of what manna fort
wanted to do was smear probe
Ukrainian politicians in Ukraine while
simultaneously helping russian-backed
political interests in the country so
one way that he did that was to smear
Ukrainian politicians as anti-semitic
and then get publications in the United
States to write about it in order to get
the Obama administration to no longer
support those Ukrainian politicians and
the way he did it was so shady so let me
give you the details
federal prosecutors allege in their
charging documents that manna Ford spoke
with a senior Israeli official about
ways to smear Ukrainian political yulia
timoshenko while building support for
viktor yanukovych that's the pro-russian
ex-president of ukraine who mana Ford
used to work for so working for him got
him into a lot of trouble because
remember mana Ford failed to register as
a foreign agent here in the United
States and was essentially getting paid
by Russian interests and the US
government didn't know about it now I'm
going to read you the court filing so
you can know the exact language that's
being used in these filings this is by
prosecutors Matta fort orchestrated a
scheme to have as he wrote in a
contemporaneous communication obama jews
put pressure on the administration to
disavow Timoshenko and support
Yanukovych Manta Ford sought to
undermine United States support for
Timoshenko by spreading stories in the
United States that a senior Cabinet
official who had been a prominent critic
of Yanukovych's treatment of Timoshenko
was supporting anti-semitism because the
official supported Timoshenko who in
turn had formed a political alliance
with a Ukraine party that espoused
anti-semitic views so just to give you a
little bit more insight what he wanted
to do was basically get the
is Israeli official who's a hardliner in
Israel right very much in line with
Benjamin Netanyahu get him to release a
statement about the so-called
anti-semitism coming from Yulia
Tymoshenko but Yulia Tymoshenko there's
no evidence whatsoever as far as I know
that she's anti-semitic or anything like
that it's just that pro-russian interest
wanted Yulia out and they wanted victor
in so Manafort got a senior Israeli
government official to issue a written
statement publicizing this story that's
a reference to a statement from then
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor
Lieberman a hardliner who's now defense
minister and by the way in the
communications that mana 4 was involved
in he said I have someone pushing it on
that New York Post bada-bing bada-boom
so this story is really really important
because it is the Rosetta Stone of how
you smear someone yeah because now we
have the inside documents and the
playbook for how they do it so at first
when I saw the headline about the Obama
Jews I was like now here we go another
right-wing guy who's anti-semitic and
etc but no no no that's not what's
happening here
so manna fort is not himself
anti-semitic he's saying let's reach out
to the Jewish officials inside the Obama
administration to do basically a false
charge of anti-semitism for our own
political purposes and for his own
financial purposes so it's got
everything in the playbook anti-semitism
through association was Tymoshenko
anti-semitic no they're like but she was
connected to someone else who might be
anti-semitic so let's just smear her
with it is it because we're actually
concerned about the anti-semitism no
it's because we want her out because the
Russians want her out and we're getting
paid by the pro-russian forces in
Ukraine to get around so let's just say
anti-semitism by osmosis now second part
of it is we're gonna get an Israeli
official to play along with us now I
don't want anybody putting it on every
Israeli official no it's a right-wing
Israeli official who says what do you
need you we need to work with the
Russians and you need a favor
and you need me to smear someone avid or
lever
means your guy he'll step up to the
plate for you and he did and he came out
and he said okay yeah yeah anti-semetic
I can't believe it okay now again none
of this is you could see it in the
documents is because they're actually
worried about their anti-semitism what
there's trying to do is do a hatchet job
on a political opponent okay now the
other part of it that's interesting is
don't worry we just plant it in the
press and they do and who is there
willing participant in that well it at
the time the article first appears at
Breitbart the author of the article is
Ben Shapiro
now he worked at Breitbart back then and
he's the one who ran the article and the
article is filled with innuendo that is
a classic smear job he says he begins
article by saying Israel has expressed
quote-unquote deep concern first of all
what do you mean Israel who in Israel
has expressed deep concern and why did
they do that
and he paints her as a controversial
opposition leader she no you're the one
who created the controversy in the first
place
now that Shapiro get paid by these guys
I don't know I hope that he didn't I
doubt I don't know if I'm being naive
here I doubt that he did he was just
like oh we need to smear someone who's
anti-semitic what do you got for me okay
and so she claims that she has the tacit
support of Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton for her anti-semitism what that
was I mean that was a twist that he
added to it so Ben Shapiro goes out of
his way to implicate Hillary Clinton
because Hillary Clinton had apparently
written some sort of op-ed in support of
Yulia Tymoshenko as opposed to Viktor
Yanukovych who again was being backed by
the Russian government and and he keeps
on going here's another so-called
anonymous source ironic as the
Republicans now complain about anonymous
sources one prominent Jewish leader he
says who asked to be remain to be
unnamed then went on to say outrageous
things saying that the Ukrainian
Minister
raishin link to Timoshenko has quote
created a neo-nazi Frankenstein by issue
a de facto endorsement of missus
Timoshenko and her choices so that
Clinton is that Hillary Clinton was
involved in creating that neo-nazi
Frankenstein by supporting Timoshenko
according to an unnamed Jewish leader
okay and so this is how they get a
charge of anti-semitism to stick on you
somebody pays for it sometimes and then
they take it to a friendly source in the
right-wing blogosphere or writer etc and
then they say well an unnamed source
like and they don't tell you that that
unnamed source is getting paid to say
that for a political purpose now
oftentimes this is done to attack people
on the left in this case it's also done
for attacking people on the left but
oftentimes it's on the issue of Israel
if you disagree with the right-wing
government's position on Israel unnamed
Jewish leaders say that you're
anti-semitic etc etcetera but in this
case it's even worse because on the
issue of Israel there there are raw
feelings and there are issues of
identity and and people get carried away
on both sides etc right but on this this
has nothing to do with Israel it has
another new with Jews it has to do with
I remember manna for got paid 60 million
dollars by the pro-russian government of
Ukraine this is just about dollars and
cents I got paid what do I need to do I
need to try to destroy people's careers
by labeling them as anti-semites one
great I'll do it I don't care - I'll get
a lot of allies in the right-wing
whether it's the Israeli right-wing or
the u.s. right-wing media to help me
destroy that person for a profit so
that's how that works and I should note
this is really really important we
talked about this yesterday on a totally
unrelated story when we didn't know this
was coming out look at a time when
anti-semitism has re-emerged in a
horrible horrific way when there are
neo-nazis marching in the streets of
America chanting the Jews will not
replace us - then
keeping that by using it for a political
purpose on a financial purpose oh that
is devastating and it's a and it's a
betrayal of anyone who cares about that
issue
yeah there's no ideology that men afford
subscribes to at all I mean I think that
Jake's right when he talks about the
fact that he's about the money and so
the political allies that have the money
that sponsor Paul mana for to these
ridiculous sums in fifty and sixty
million dollars he's going to create
whatever narrative he has to to serve
those political interests that's what
he's done I think his history is replete
with examples of this but this does
really lay bare the kinds of dirty
tricks and the sort of reckless abandon
that as as he pursued these political
ends that he goes about these various
things in even though I would say he's
not directly anti-semitic in this time
that you just brought up does he get to
get away with that whereby you know
playing on those concerns and those
fears just making something up it not
only cheapens it but it kind of says I
don't really care what you're dealing
with I'm gonna jump in on it and make
something up I don't know if you can get
away with them being like but I'm not
anti-semitic and also in this agree with
you in the current political environment
don't you think increasingly that's just
what it's about I mean it you know pages
from these Manafort of tactics Nick Sony
and dirty tricks type tactics we're
seeing more of it just dirty up the
candidate just make the candidate
radioactive just by virtue of rumors
even if you just have to tie the
candidate up by having to knock down the
rumors you've done your your that your
political bidding here so yeah this is
this is a strategy that's an assay it's
employed more already and I think we're
gonna see it employed even more
especially in this highly charged
political environment yeah and look to
be fair to ben shapiro he later left
Breitbart but he wrote that article of
his own volition when he was there he's
not part of the heart right and
obviously it was not in favor of what
happened in Charlottesville and
Charlottesville happened after this
particular incident but there have been
forces within the right wing that have
been in favor that anti-semitism for a
long long time in fact Shapiro has felt
the brunt of that from people like Milo
and and so and the right wing with the
fundamentalists evangelicals who think
oh it's great we'll start a war in the
Middle East and then it'll be Armageddon
and then Jesus Christ will return
getting into bed with those guys and
helping them weaponize anti-semitism is
it it was always a terrible idea this is
just the unfortunately a classic example
of it the TYT Plus app is now available
on iOS and Android download to get more
TYT content at TYT com slash app
