so we were expecting a thousand people
we have 3000 people in this room so
thank you and the good news for you is
what we decided to do because you're so
fantastic is that we have a Comedy Hour
that was supposed to be a little bit
later on and instead of it being later
we're gonna do it exactly when these
guys are finished we're gonna do it in
here we have an incredible lineup a
comedy lineup that we're gonna do so
stay in your seats when this is over
we're going to go right into that now
the other thing I wanted to tell you was
the first year that we did this we had
about a couple hundred people coming
with a couple weeks left but then we got
this guy Genk to debate and conquer
so so all of a sudden we ended up
getting about 3,000 people that first
year then last year last year we got
this guy Ben Shapiro
so we ended up last year last year we
ended up with about 8,000 people coming
to Politico so we thought this year
let's get these two guys together
they're both smart they seem to have a
bit of a following and I think this year
we have about 10,000 people at Politico
so thank you for making this a big
success your moderator Ben and Shankar
backstage they've got their gloves on
they're ready to go your moderator
Stephen all the car he's going to come
out now he's the president of millennial
Action project do you guys ready for
this debate let's do it
Stephen
are you ready for debate night at
politican 2017 all right well let's
bring them out the people you've been
waiting for first editor in chief of the
daily wire and host of the ben shapiro
show ben shapiro
alright alright and founder and host of
The Young Turks
Chang cuter
all right if you guys can be a little
more excited that'd be great all right
well we're here to debate the future of
the political parties and let me just
say quickly one thing about the format
I'm going to pose questions to both of
our speakers here well we'll have a
response we can have a rear response we
can go back and forth a few times when
we've gone far enough
then I will step in I might ask a
follow-up question or I might switch the
topic so are we ready to go guys
all right well let's start with one of
the topics in the news today in that's
health care and on to start with Ben are
you proud or disappointed in
establishment GOP figures like John
McCain Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins
for their vote on health care
so I'm wildly disappointed with the
entire party the fact is that we were
promised a full repeal of Obamacare they
did not even attempt to pursue a full
repeal of Obamacare and the fact of the
matter is that there's a significant gap
inside the Republican Party about
whether this should even happen or not
there are people who believe that the
Obamacare regulations are an affirmative
good there was an attempt to basically
leave all the Obamacare regulations in
place and just remove the funding
mechanism which would have led to the
exacerbation of the death spiral the
truth about health care is this there
are three qualities of health care that
you can have you can have affordability
you can have universality or you can
have quality and you can have two of
those things but not all three
right you can have universality
affordability or quality two of those
two things you can have and one of the
things that's happened with Obamacare is
that you've gotten closer to
universality but you haven't gotten any
close closer to either affordability or
quality and the Republican Party seems
to be falling into the trap of basically
just copying what the Democrats do
except being worse at it what they
actually need to do is relieve the
regulatory burden that is driving up the
cost of health care and they need to
stop acting as though insurance
companies jobs is actually just to
reimburse people for their bad health if
you join up with an insurance company
and your health sucks to begin with
you're going to pay more because it's an
insurance company not
charity that doesn't mean that we can't
have now that doesn't mean that we can't
have some form of backup for people who
have pre-existing conditions I would
hope that the social fabric would help
fill that in this is why I'm a big
believer in charity and churches and
synagogues filling that gap but what we
can't do is suggest as the Bernie
Sanders left does that health care is an
inalienable right and therefore you can
put a gun to my wife's head she's a
doctor and you can force her to provide
care at any cost you want to pay you
can't do that and hope to increase the
supply of health care health insurance
is not health care they're not the same
thing and anybody who tells you
differently is lying or trying to sell
you something
Schank your take on the health care vote
great before I do that first of all
welcome to the Thunderdome
alright alright alright let's hear him
fish all right wait till he does
something I mean in all seriousness in
all seriousness the reason that I kid
around about that is that I really want
to make sure that Ben's opinions are
heard in my opinions are heard and that
this is an exchange of ideas
and believe it or not there are some
things that we do agree on and what we
won't be discussing those tonight so so
on the issue of health care let's get
going so the Democratic Party is
incredibly proud that they defeated a
bill that had 17 percent approval rating
so low bar and I'm glad they held the
Republicans have a comical position
which is that why didn't the Democrats
help us defeat Obamacare well that's
kind of cuz that was their idea and why
in the God's green earth would they help
you defeat their own plan now is
Obamacare enough not nearly and there
are a number of issues that we had us
progresses with it including lack of
price controls you left it in the hands
of private insurance and of course that
being corporations which been kind of
alluded to there they're gonna want to
make money and so that is very very
normal and so I don't think that that
was the right way to approach it and it
was originally a Heritage Foundation
plan to begin with so I believe that the
right approach and the one that
Democrats should pursue next although
they probably won't is Medicare for all
so so real quick let me explain why
Medicare pulls us 77% and actually
accomplishes the three things that been
talked about it's universal coverage it
is affordable and actually gives you
good insurance that's why it pulls at
77% and medicare for all now pulling at
60% federally funded health insurance
for everybody pulling at 61% so I tell
to my Democratic friends you might want
to try something that's popular for a
change so and finally like on the idea
that hey listen everybody can't get
health care well this is not like
furniture which sometimes you will do to
Ben you look you could have a good
furniture bad furniture I've had it all
hey that's optional if you don't have
good health care you die and and so I
view it as not something that capitalism
should deal with and I and I believe in
capitalism and I think they make great
stickers but something that something
that is about equality of opportunity
and you cannot have equality of
opportunity if you're dead so Medicare
for all
okay you know I saw a couple of a couple
of notes in response to the
medicare-for-all Schneck so this is
Bernie Sanders Nick obviously the
problem with Medicare for all is that
when people say that it's affordable
this isn't affordable to the person who
has the Medicare it is not affordable to
the country
in fact it's so unaffordable to the
country that the state of California was
a nutjob leftist state just refused to
even pass Medicare for all because it
would have immediately doubled the debt
as far as the idea that Medicare that
medical care is is a right but it's not
actually a good or a service this is a
way to make things less plentiful if you
declare things right but you don't
actually incentivize the creation of
those things you don't get more of them
so the South African Constitution has
right in there that health care is a
right that housing is a right the fact
is that you don't have good housing or
health care in South Africa because just
declaring things rights does not make
them appear what makes more things
appear as a market-based system that
creates more doctors that creates more
medical care that creates more incentive
for people to join up so my wife is
adopted I mean she has to go through a
thousand years of medical training and
we have spent hundreds of thousands of
dollars to make her a doctor the idea
that you're gonna have the government
come in and then dictate the sort of
care that you should provide to each
particular patient and then dictate how
much it should be paid for that care is
going to lead to a decrease in the
number of people who are going into the
medical industry which decreases the
level of care overall this is why I say
that it is better to treat things as
Goods than his rights because declaring
something a right just means that you
have the right to steal it from me
but declaring something a good means
that you get a market process that leads
to lower prices and better care over
time and the big problem we've had
before Obamacare is that it was already
treated quasi as a right you've had it
heavily regulated on the state level it
is continually heavily regulated that if
you a there's a completely unregulated
market is absolutely nonsense the reason
you have employer-based health insurance
in the first place was as a response to
wage and price controls placed in the
aftermath of World War two and employers
began giving health insurance as an
actual good right they gave it as an
actual incentive to their employees if
you had an actual individual based
health insurance market you bought it
just like you bought your car insurance
you would see more and better health
care for everyone
yep alright so bet I don't want to steal
health insurance from you I want you to
be healthy that's why I want Medicare
for all just suddenly money in my white
services so it you know Republicans
frame taxes is stealing that's
preposterous
so if we don't have taxes if we don't
have taxes well we can't do all the
things that we want to do as a community
now there are some things that we just
talked about that we don't want to do as
a committee we want to do as individuals
in fact the things that we want to do as
individuals are much greater that's why
we're at mixed economy but largely
capitalist and I agree with that and I
run a small business myself getting
larger every day so but there are some
things that the government should do
they should do the military cops roads
bridges and yes education and health
care that's because you know
conservatives seem a little confused
about how health care works Paul Ryan
had a whole press conference about this
been a little bit alluded to it there
they're like oh my god it turns out the
healthy subsidize the sick yeah that's
insurance that's how it works it's like
the people with that are not getting
into accidents or subsidizing the
accidents
yes that's car insurance that's how
insurance works and yes taxes work in
that we all decide we're going to do X
but we're not going to do Y and I think
it is fair for society to say that yes
we are going to do health care for
everybody everybody we're not gonna
leave 20 million people uninsured we're
not gonna leave 30 million people
uninsured that's not what we do in a
civilized society
and from time to time the you know in
the attack against Medicare they sell
it's an entitlement yeah we paid for it
through payroll taxes our whole lives
you've got damn right we're entitled to
it cuz we paid for it we paid for it and
so when you take out the middleman of
the insurance companies that put their
profits in there that put their
marketing in there that put their
lobbyists money in there
that means more savings for Americans
and so finally you know the idea that it
can't be done is preposterous since
every other Western developed country
thus some version of single-payer it
obviously can be done and it is done at
lower rates and better coverage Clemmy
add some things it's question and you
can respond it but if you want to but
shank reference Paul Ryan when the
Republicans took control of Congress
Paul Ryan the Speaker of the House
famously said we need to switch from
being an opposition party to being a
proposition party so what's your
evaluation then of their efforts in that
direction to unite the party and move
legislation forward I mean we all have
eyes they suck at it I mean and Paul
Ryan is not exactly my go-to guy when it
comes to political acumen and genius
so I add more one respond to some of the
contentions the chanc was making about
medicare for all and single-payer health
care a couple of things one when you say
we pay for it
that's not technically true the idea
that everybody who's paying into
Medicaid paid for it and now they get
out what they paid in is obviously not
true it is they redistributed program
and to pretend otherwise it's just silly
the people who are paying the payroll
taxes are not the people who are taking
out through Medicaid obviously can I
just address that super quick so if
we're talking about Medicare right not
Medicaid right so in Medicare so you're
both correct and incorrect so it's not
like I put in $20 and I get $20 back
that part is true but we all pay into
Medicare together and then we all get it
when we get when we were two questions
really what is your ideal tax right
because it's gonna cost a lot of money
for a lot of this stuff and - what is
your ideal level of medical care because
the fact is that we can spend millions
of dollars on people and end up in the
end-of-life care we can spend millions
of dollars on surgeries and preventative
care I mean it's health care is an
expensive business even under a
single-payer system which is why
generally you end up with rationing so
what is your ideal level of healthcare
that is provided to everyone and what
sort of tax rate are you proposing to
subsidize that yeah so those are very
very fair questions so let's talk about
taxes for a second so conservatives
agree or say all the time that the
golden era of America was the 1950s and
1960s well there's a lot of truth to
that our economy was booming at the time
when we became the number one economy in
the world at that time the tax rate for
the highest bracket fluctuated between
seventy and ninety one percent so that
is when we were at our best
now I want to be clear I'm also
businessman and boy that seems high it
does okay and one of the reasons my
family were Republicans when I was
growing up was because before Reagan
came in the highest marginal tax rate
was 70% so now we are nowhere near that
we have reduced taxes to bare-bones and
we have shifted the taxes on to the
middle class and away from the rich and
corporations so there is a much better
balance to be had and if you said to me
well you're gonna have $800 in taxes
that are new I say wow that hurts but
you're going to save $1,000 in premiums
deal that is a deal I will take every
time because I can do math okay so that
is the beginning of your answer to taxes
and then you said how much care well so
that is something that all the countries
that do single-payer or a version of
single-payer struggle with and they have
learned a lot of lessons and if we stop
saying America's number one we might
actually just personal on this issue
were number 37 and and if we looked at
what Japan is doing so well keeping
costs down to half of ours unless we
might actually learn something from
Japan Switzerland on the other countries
and by the way when we see Medicare for
all Medicare Advantage exists so you can
actually add private insurance on top of
that and I find that perfectly great I
have no problems of that at all so that
is the government making sure you don't
die and and actually lowering race for
you and then if you want more insurance
no problem so all this sounds great
except for the fact that Medicare
Medicaid and Social Security eat up 66
percent of the federal budget every
single year the idea that all of these
socialized medicine countries have it so
much better than we do particularly in
terms of cancer care is a joke we are
still number one in terms of five-year
cancer survival right here in the United
States
and when you talk about top Tata top
marginal tax rates in the 1950s there
are a couple things that are worth
noting one that was top individual
marginal tax rates not necessarily the
business tax right we now have some of
the highest corporate tax rates
altogether in the industrialized world
and if you would prefer for us to
destroy half of the world before we
become the only country that didn't have
its industrial capacity destroyed which
is what happened in the 1940s leading
suspect of country on planet Earth
essentially for the next two decades I'm
not with you there I'm not really in
favor of having a giant world war that
destroys all industrial capacity across
the West so we're the only people who
actually have the capacity to produce
anything and just markets that we can
provide you right so first of all it is
fair to say that of course the 1950s and
60s were different we just come out of
the war so but you have to consider all
the different factors so one was that
factor another factor that was the one I
mentioned so so when Republicans are
conservatives say well high taxes by
definition will lead to slower growth
what we know because of our experience
in 1950s and 60s that isn't true now you
can say there are other factors but you
can't say that the highest marginal tax
rate being 70 or even 90% slows down
growth because they didn't and it wasn't
in Japan and Switzerland it was right
here
and and so and and by the way as a guy
who grew up Republican I was surprised
by that - I was surprised that Finland
system of non competition in schools
work but it does so we have to be open
to facts and understand so and on the
issue of where we're good and not good
in health care sure there are different
areas where we excel but then honestly
you're cherry-picking there at one
particular area that we're good overall
we're number 37 that is not a good
result but you have a brain cancer we're
dying from other things where it's
empirical we're are we are not as
healthy
and finally and finally this idea that
corporations are paying the highest tax
rate is both again true and untrue the
part that it's true is hey there's the
rate of 35% the part that's not true is
they don't actually pay that there is
giant loopholes and and they've got two
trillion dollars sitting offshore and
they won't bring it in and the reality
is that if you look at the taxes from
the 1950s corporations used to pay about
a third of our taxes about 33% of the
taxes overall so they did their fair
share and that is fair I don't want them
paying all of it but I want them paying
a reasonable amount now to share that
corporations pay of taxes is down to 10
percent you see what they did there they
did wealth redistribution they took your
wealth and redistributed to them
then I'll let you respond that point and
I'll be done with this because we can do
health care for eight hours here but two
things one I'd like to know which tax
deduction people say tax loopholes a tax
loophole is just a tax deduction that's
available to everyone and some people
take advantage of it and some people
don't I can't take advantage of certain
corporate tax deductions because my
business isn't in those businesses for
example I'm sort of with you in the
sense that I'm not in favor of tax
deductions I'm in favor of a lower tax
rate and get rid of a lot of the tax
deductions because I think that it's
ridiculous that we have people gaming
the system that said I'd like to know
which tax deductions you'd like to do
away with and I'd like to know also when
you say that corporations pay 10% of the
taxes right and individuals pay the
other 90% okay so that means the taxes
are still getting paid to a higher rate
than we ever have in our history in
terms of the tax revenue to the
government then the amount of tax
revenue of the government right now is
trillion-dollar every year and final
point here you alighted this question by
saying we can learn stuff from Japan the
standard of care is the entire question
when it comes to single-payer health
care that is the entire thing if people
felt like they were gonna get the same
access to care in a single-payer health
care system as they did in a in a system
where they can pay there will be way
then we would have no controversy here
but the fact is that rationing is
mandated as soon as you start having the
government run the health care system
and decide what level of care people get
so I don't want anyone deciding what
level of care that I can get I don't
want anyone else does they don't care
about me they don't know my child's name
they don't know my name
all they know is how much I cost I mean
Ezekiel Emanuel is at least honest about
this Ezekiel Emanuel comes out and says
listen I want to die at 70 right I wanna
die at 80 that's fine with me I'd rather
die at that well that's good for him but
if I don't want to die at 8 here I don't
want my father to die today it's none of
his damn business
so so when you say tax revenue is at its
highest point now you know that that's
me it's misleading because everything
economically is at its highest point
meaning that we have a lot more people
in the country than we did in 1950s and
60s so hence we are collecting more
overall taxes but the reality is as a
percentage it is clearly down it top
bracket now is around 39 percent it used
to be a 91 percent that's an arguable
right and our economy is significantly
larger than it was then and part of that
is because of reductions in taxes over
previous decades well we
we we tried supply-side economics hey
Kansas how's that working out for you so
there was this myth that for you your
business is doing great yeah Wow we just
had eight years of Obama so so the tax
rate is clearly lower for the richest
people in the country it is clearly
lower for corporations in effect it is
and so to say that it said a record
collection is misleading so in terms of
the health care and how that relates to
the government you oh by the way one
more thing on taxes you said you named
me a tax loophole so yes there there are
plenty of those for example they hide
their money offshore they do tricks like
the double dutch and that irish sandwich
or the reverse and and i would end that
i would say hey you know what we've got
a 35% rate here's the new rule you're
gonna pay 35% okay and you're not
allowed to hide your money i don't care
if it's in the cayman islands we're
gonna make that illegal mit romney we're
gonna make it illegal okay and so then
every once in a while they do a tax
holiday that well that must be nice you
remember when you got a tax holiday I
don't remember getting a tax holiday no
that's only for corporations who bribe
politicians so they brought that rate
down from 35 percent to 5 percent and
they said they were gonna create more
jobs color me surprised when it turns
out they didn't they offshore taxes they
took that 30% extra put it in their
pocket gave it to their executives and
created no new jobs because that's how
it works if you just trust corporations
to do the right thing
corporations are not evil they just want
to maximize profit that is what they're
built for so please don't be naive and
be like no but the corporation's will
look out for our interests no they look
out for their bottom line and it's
finally just last quick things you
Medicare Advantage you keep saying
rationing health care but Medicare gives
you the bare minimum and and people seem
to be very very happy about it given how
much well impose but you can do Medicare
Advantage and get more I want you to be
able to do
if you're incredibly rich and you want
every kind of treatment I don't want to
deny that to you
get Medicare Advantage the problem is
when you pay a higher tax rate
throughout the course of your life to
pay for all of the Medicare that you are
talking about you don't have enough
money to pay for Medicare Advantage in
many cases and as far as this idea that
you know corporations have you they
don't have any of your interests at
heart you're a corporation TYT CEO it's
a corporation you have 80 employees I
assume that you're not just a greedy
asshole and that you actually would like
to help your your employees from time to
time and you just talked about how under
Obama everything got better with your
business well under Obama
he didn't radically escalate taxes okay
there was not a radical escalation of
taxes under President Obama and finally
when you seemed to be identifying a
higher tax rate in the 1950s a higher
level of growth so if that's the case
why not just tax everybody at a hundred
percent we can have massive growth from
here to eternity
because we're talking about taxes do you
think we'll see a tax reform and the in
the next few months here okay so let me
try to address all that in your in your
question as well so just real quick look
guys I said it however many questions
ago of course you have to find the right
balance on all these issues including
taxes so I never said there's no end to
how much you could whine oh yeah so so
the this leads to know wait a minute
this leads to big government versus
small government I'm so you're asking me
what the ideal tax rate is and then you
get a straw man there for a second and
said it should be a hundred percent I
never said that
no in fact I said no you said you said
the economy you said the economy grew
faster when the top marginal tax rate
was ninety one percent so I'm asking you
why shouldn't be top tax rate or all tax
rates be ninety one percent you seem to
be identifying a higher rate of growth
with higher taxation so I'm asking you
on principle you talked about the
glories of mixed economy so now tell me
about the Lords of capital I've heard
about the glories of high tax rates I've
heard about the glories of government
provided health care now tell me some of
the glories of actual capitalism which
is the basis for all the things you're
talk tell me why it's good right so now
look when when when use I use the
example the ninety one percent and
seventy percent to give you a sense of
that I was surprised and you'd be
surprised to find out that our economy
was booming in those times that's not to
say that that is the right tax rate for
us today
and so the exercise of finding the right
tax rate is guys try to follow along
okay it's called logic
so it would be preposterous to set the
tax rate at zero it would be
preposterous set it at a hundred percent
so what we have to do as a society is
figure out where we can maximize the
most amount of good for for the country
because your government but not too much
away from us so for example the reason
why when taxes are higher it winds up
being better for the economy is because
if cert recirculates the money so if you
give it to the rich this is hilarious if
you're uneducated please at least don't
don't make it obvious
it's the most interesting conversation
don't know the concept of recirculation
of money then go look it up and so the
way that it works is that when the
middle class when the middle class has
more money disposable income they spend
it why because they're not living in the
lap of luxury they're not saving it for
their yacht so they need to buy food for
their family they need education for
their family so they spend it and it
goes back into the economy if you just
give it in supply-side economics to the
rich and hope that it trickles down on
us eventually decades later what they
wind up doing it with it is something
that is logical they save it but that
means it does not recirculate in the
economy and that is why when you have
lower taxes ironically the economy does
worse but of course it's a balancing act
ok so now you're making a strong case
for Keynesian economics which is totally
fine
obviously the the problem of Keynesian
economics is that it doesn't even work
in theory because again once you go to
the logical extreme which is remove all
of the money from the rich people who
are saving all their money and give it
to all the poor people to buy hamburgers
that doesn't help the economy or spur
the economy what Spurs the economy is a
higher level
what Spurs the economy is the creation
of new products and services and that is
only going to be done by people who have
expendable capital to actually invest in
the new products and services that we
all enjoy this is what creates economic
growth sitting it's also worth noting
that this this myth that spending is
inherently better for an economy than
saving that's only true if you're
talking about somebody's actually taking
the cash and just shoving it into their
mattress banks are in the business of
lending when they take the money in they
don't just stick it in Al Gore's fake
lockbox they actually lend the money
back out to people to actually create
new businesses and new products you had
an investor right when you start at TYT
you're given four million dollars my
buddy roemer to start TYT that's great
that's the way business should work
right but that money had then come from
bunch of poor people buying hamburgers
it came from a very very wealthy guy who
gave you money to create a business a
lot of people want to patronize if you
want better products and better services
you need more investment in the products
and services the basic name trickle-down
economics
the basic name trickle-down economics is
not something that any conservative even
proposed it's a leftist revision of what
economics actually is because you're not
giving me the money it was my money in
the first place
created through voluntary transactions
that I had with others I've not stolen
money from either from anyone neither
have you and the idea that money has to
be forcibly taken from you and handed to
somebody at the bottom end of the
economic spectrum to somehow jog the
economy that may jog McDonald's but is
not going to jog all of the creation of
the products and services that make all
of our lives much better today than they
weren't thirty years ago in terms of the
stuff we have access to I think I'll let
you respond to that briefly and then
we'll switch topic yeah so I'll try to
answer that as briefly as I can and I'll
go on to your questions so when when you
when you talk about hey the banks are
they're not going to just keep the money
they're gonna put it out and and lend it
to people unless they decided to do
their own investments which is what they
did because we were appealed
glass-steagall so it's not as simple as
oh I have money so then I will now
utilize it or I'll lend it out so that
is way over simplistic speaking of over
simplistic to say that oh well they'll
go buy hamburgers with it come on you're
going to show the middle class is
struggling right now and we've turned
this into a Walmart economy where people
are getting $7.25 and that that if
you're getting around $10 I think that's
about 15,000 a year so don't like that
is serious pain and difficulties so if
you give those people money it's not
like I just want to go get a hamburger
no they desperately need that money and
that yes they will spend it on in back
into the economy so that's an economic
fact and so and and then for the 88th
time we have to find a balance where you
have provided an incentive for people to
save and invest and you have provided an
incentive for people to be able to put
money back into the economy to be able
to live and it's not in taxes and not
stealing from you so you're right I run
a business so in order for people my
employees to get to my company you know
what they have to do they have to drive
on roads okay so it's not stealing from
me
to build that road that helps my
business they had to go to school the
fact that they went to public schools
allows them to work for me all these
things are things that I benefit from I
didn't build that company by myself
every single person that works there
helped me to build that company and
that's what it means to work together so
and so to answer Steve's question
finally look you know what is this
Congress going to do on on tax reform
and Ben and I disagree on this too
because we just talked about it a second
ago and this is just political
prognostication but I think that the
Republicans will definitely pass tax
reform and I and the reason I say that
is because the Republican Party at this
point is completely dependent on their
donors and by the way don't get me wrong
the Democratic Party is also largely
dependent on their donors I think the
Republicans are tiny bit more corrupt
but so I think that I think I think that
their donors are going to demand those
tax cuts and if I am right and we'll all
see this you know because it's something
that's going to happen later not
something that has happened they will do
everything they will move mountains to
make sure that those rich donors and
corporations will get their tax cuts
okay so this is this is an interesting
case where I say to Shanks
prognostication from his mouth to God's
ears and he says about mine from my
mouth to God's ears I don't think
they're in the past because I think
there's a high level incompetence inside
the Republican caucus and it's pretty
fractious but I do want to go back to a
couple of points because gosh you can't
some major thematic points you talked
about roads and the fact that we need
roads in order to get some work this is
a point Elizabeth Warren made and
obviously a point that President Obama
made at the time I don't think anyone
argues that we don't need roads to get
to work the problem is that when you're
talking about roads as a percentage of
the budget we are talking about a tiny
tiny tiny percentage of the federal
budget and of the state budget and even
of the local budget so the idea that
you're justifying massive tax rates on
corporations or pay for roads is just
intellectually dishonest it's a tiny
print the stuff that we agree on the
government should spend on is a tiny
percentage of spending rights all the
other stuff that we disagree on as far
as the idea
that I'm somehow being you know
dismissive toward people who are buying
hamburgers I'm not I'm saying the people
who are poor need to buy hamburgers to
feed their children they don't have the
money to invest in building an iPhone
because when you're just trying to get
by and you are living in a Walmart
subsistence economy you're using that
money to buy the products and services
you need to get by that does not create
new products and services that become
cheaper over time from competition you
need somebody to make those investments
you saw you said this about
glass-steagall for example you said the
bank's they might make their own
investments in what in what they're not
investing in themselves I mean they have
to take that money and then they have to
use it to invest in something else
places like Apple place it some that
fail and some that succeed this idea
that banks are somehow evils is just not
the case unless you're talking about
them working in Congress here you and I
agree
working incongruities with a Congress so
that the legislature that is attempting
to give them kickbacks both you and I
agree on this so and finally as far as
the idea that Republicans cast tax cuts
because they're both holdings of their
donors okay and Democrats passed tax
increases because the unions give them
hundreds of millions of dollars every
year and I don't see Democrats complain
about this so you got me there that you
use your money to the Democrats so am i
I mean does it upset you as much as you
know bankers giving money to Republicans
no no corporations give way more than
the unions so it's best corporation look
it up you can google it it's really easy
so you I objected taking out Union money
from politics hell no I don't object
take it all out take the Union money out
take the corporate gunny out take all
the big money out they're supposed to
represent us and not the donors no
matter who the donors are so in terms of
the question that you asked
glass-steagall are they investing in
things know I have a literal answer for
you oftentimes what they do is financial
derivatives in fact that's the majority
of what they do and financial
derivatives is simply gambling that's
what crashed the 2008 economy and
and what is so damaging about the
removal glass Siegel is now they could
do their financial derivative gambling
with depositor money poison that nice
they take your money and they gamble
with it and if they lose well that's a
sad day for you but if they win they
keep the profits you know what that is
that's privatizing the gains and
socializing the losses so it's not it's
not that the banks are evil of course
they're not evil it's just that they're
driven to make more money of course that
is the whole point of maximizing profit
so if we say hey banks you're allowed to
go and buy politicians although the
Supreme Court would say no they're just
talking to them they just gave them
billions of dollars they're just having
a conversation right just because they
gave them billions of dollars they don't
do they want something in return
of course you want something in return
and that's our money so what they got it
what they got was laws passed by
politicians to remove glass-steagall and
yes Clinton and Gingrich yes both
parties are guilty on that but now the
Democrats want to put it back in the
Republican Stone and they took our
deposit our money and they gambled with
it and if you thought they if you
gambled you get to keep all the profits
and if you lost it didn't affect you at
all you would probably gamble a lot of
money too and you would take a lot of
risk until you crash the economy and
that's exactly what happened let me just
add one point his question he'll respond
to it too you've talked a lot about the
corruption in politics and a core part
of the Trump campaign was railing
against the establishment which he
thought was corrupted and a lot of the
big donors were initially against him so
which way is the Republican Party going
to go on this is it trumpism and the
grassroots movement or the establishment
well I mean I when it comes to money in
politics I think that that that
breakdown doesn't really hold I mean the
fact is that President Trump during the
campaign talked to routinely about how
engaged in putting money into politics
so and this is a game that a lot of
people are playing it's kind of a weird
question but as far as the idea that all
money should be out of politics here is
the problem
okay TYT I we both have corporations and
we expand upon politics every single day
and we motivate thousands of people
right every day on both sides of the
Iowa that is effectively an in-kind
contribution now I you campaign with
Bernie Sanders did you do it because you
expect it that's fine did you expect did
you do that because you supported Bernie
Sanders or did you do that because you
expected some gimme forty whitey in
return I assume you did it because you
supported Bernie Sanders right yes so
okay so the point that I am making is to
attribute to everyone else bad intent
when it comes to political spending and
politics but to yourself it's totally
fine and when it comes to other media
intent entities that give in-kind
contributions on a regular basis through
their coverage visit when the New York
Times when the New York Times which is
biased to the left spends an inordinate
amount of time and money reporting on
Mitt Romney's idiotic stories about how
he's in high school and cutting a gay
kid's hair in 1932
if you're saying to me that that is less
impactful on the political sphere than a
corporation which is a group giving
money to a to a political candidate for
purposes of supporting that candidate I
fail to see how you can say for yourself
that you are innocent in this but
everyone else is guilty I don't believe
that either everyone's guilty or
everybody's innocent or if you can find
the actual cases of guilt where there's
a quid pro quo then we agree that's
prosecutable right so fine when you
talked about the 2008 economy talk about
glass-steagall and how this led to the
crash the real reason that the crash
happened had far less to do with
glass-steagall I opposed the bailouts by
the way it had far less to do with
glass-steagall than it had to do with
the fact that the federal government was
actively promulgating the notion that
corporations should give subprime
mortgages to people who are not
qualified as people who could take out
loans this meant that as you say
corporations are not inherently
conservative they're not inherently
free-market they're inherently profit
driven so if they felt that they could
give a bunch of subprime mortgages and
this would inflates the real estate
prices and if things went wrong they
just foreclosed on the nearest house and
the market just keeps going up and up
and up and they can just as you say turn
these into derivatives and sell them on
the open market by pretending that these
are all good loans because they have
government backing then of course you're
going to get an inflated overheated real
estate market but the question there is
not the workings of the free market
it's the pump it's the combination that
you like in a mixed economy that I hate
okay I hate mixed economies and
since that I don't believe that
capitalism and socialism should be mixed
that corporatism is the solution okay
what you're talking about is corporatism
you're talking about glass-steagall
which is which free the
getting rid of glass-steagall if freed
the corporations to invest in a
free-market manner but also they gave a
bailout to all of these corporations by
essentially incentivizing them to give a
bunch of bad loans knowing that if
things went bad then all the losses
would be socialized the problem there is
not the free market the problem there is
a government that is acting as a
backstop for bad decisions in the free
market by profit driven corporations
okay all right I love that there was a
lot to respond to there so let me try to
take it one at a time so first of all I
love the idea that the government made
the banks do the subprime mortgages and
ecology the government twist the bank's
billions of dollars make another billion
no baby make another billion no they did
those if they thought they're gonna lose
money off of it they would have a
fiduciary responsibility not to do it I
agree okay it was they were not forced
to make billions of dollars they were
not forced to then have us bail them out
they did all that because there's
legalized bribery in America right
because the government was giving them
much so so now let me address that you
say well what's the difference between
your speech and their speech mine is
actually speech and theirs is money so
there's a giant different you spend
money on first off so they say no no
Supreme Court says no money is speech
now no money's property it's not speech
and so if money was speech well then if
you go to a hooker and you say oh no I
office er I was just talking to her okay
money is in the hot speech so for
example to give you a sense of it to
compare me saying I like Bernie Sanders
in you saying whoever you like is the
equivalent of this is obviously
nonsensical I believe it's obvious so in
a five-year recent five year period the
top 200 corporate givers they both in
donations and in lobbying spend 5.8
billion dollars okay so that is not the
same thing as me saying hey I like what
Bernie is saying about collar
in Medicare and and when they did why do
you think they did it was not because
hey they genuinely liked Bernie or Trump
or Hillary because in return for that
five point eight billion dollars they
got four point four trillion dollars in
government subsidies so which leads
which leads to I actually think the
biggest point here the difference
between big government and small
government so a lot of times
conservatives say oh you guys like big
government that's not true so let me
explain we if I ask you hey you got a
plumbing job what would you like big
pipes or small pipes I don't know what's
the job we have it depends it's the same
thing with the government okay what size
government would you like I don't know
what's the job we have so just say big
government or skål government doesn't
make any sense so for example do I want
a big government that invades Iraq hell
no I don't no way and and then you were
vociferously for the Iraq war so in that
sense you love the big government
couldn't get enough of it
and I could go on and on and on
Republicans say no no we don't like big
government but we'd like to be inside
your uterus
so just a minute it's no problem just
say it say I love big government it's
okay
so you're talking about when you like
tack when you're rich and you want tax
cuts oh no I don't want big government I
want small government but what is
convene for you you'd like oil subsidies
and you'd like Wars and you'd like to
meddle in people's private lives then
you love big government but I need to
respond to something definitely me okay
so first of all I'd like to point out
that shanks big government small
government dichotomy was proposed by you
not by me I talk about the proper scope
of the government's involved in
particular areas the same way that you
do and we may disagree on all of that my
point is that overall if you're talking
about the level of government spending
it needs to go down and you believe that
it really needs to go up okay so it's
disingenuous
it's not onward those no but all not on
the war on drugs so many of those ways
over it depends but overall you want
federal budget increased overall I would
like the federal budget budget decreased
to pretend that this is not true is to
lie okay and when you suggest that there
is no difference between you know when
we just have different visions of what
the government should cover these things
cost different things
okay the war in Iraq was very expensive
you know it's more expensive Social
Security Medicare and Medicaid
all of these are vastly more expensive
than the warranty paid into them now as
far as again going back to this idea
going back to this idea that again I
don't like to speak government dichotomy
any more than you do in the sense that
you say well it's big government for the
government to get inside people's wounds
and I say that is the government's job
to preserve life liberty and property
and one of those things is life
to protect you to protect you from
someone else taking it okay to protect
you from someone else taking it now when
it comes to the idea that all money in
politics is bad again I ask you final a
final question you know final points on
we're going through ten points at a time
here but final point here when you say
money in politics is bad again I ask you
buddy roemer gave you four million
dollars to start TYT what did he expect
in return should he not have given you
money was the money not speech it was
just money after all she's like a hooker
I assume so are you the prostitute out
of this world
when you take money from Al Jazeera's
that make you very sick a night that was
an awesome conflation okay we were
talking about money in politics and how
money is not speech when you give it as
a campaign donation and you turn it
around to a business investment you know
in a businesses men investment has
nothing new his speech money is money
they give us an investment so because
they believe in our business great and
you think the government is in the
business of regulating business so the
government is in the business of
regulating business what would be the
problem with the government telling
Buddy Roemer he is not allowed to invest
in your business no that is no no those
are two different issues no problem no
problem
no it's is one thing is to say hey let's
set reasonable limitations on what can
happen around elections which is again
what most developed Western countries do
so and they have different versions of
that rule there's ads you can run you
can't run ads within a certain period of
time your public financing versus
private financing those are rules around
an election that is a completely
different issue than the government's
saying randomly you can and he can't
invest in businesses while you're
conflating those two issues that have
nothing new with one another why so
let's just why me because because hey
you know you believe in education so I
believe in health care because it's a
because it's a free country and I get to
spend my money wherever I damn well
please so as we're coming to the close
here
we're gonna do one little I got asked
him I got asking are very close very
well please okay so when the Koch
brothers or Bloomberg or Soros puts in
hundreds of millions of dollars into
elections you think because they're good
guys and they want and interested they
damn well please buying all those
politicians or you think no the
politicians would never be affected by
hundreds of millions of dollars in
legalized bribes okay and you can't just
spend your money anywhere you want of
course there are rules you can't bribe
people right there's many things you
can't do with your money and one of
those should be bribing politicians but
we made it legal so I'm curious what
your opinion on that is you think that
they're just golly shucks I just mean
well I think you're a lawyer so you know
that bribery requires two parties to the
bribe if I give money to a politician
there must be something in return if
there is no quid pro quo there is no
bright leaders loving in return well
you're using the politicians oh no no I
think very often there is something in
return but I want you to point me to the
things that are in return not just say
that all spending on politics ought to
be forbidden except for the Young Turks
no it's of course that what we say if if
you if you want to get money out of
politics and then you said The Young
Turks cannot donate money to politicians
I'd say of course that's the whole point
of getting money out of politics okay so
this idea that you well hey what come on
it's so even if you're a Republican and
you're a conservative you think there
isn't pony capitalism you think that
that four point four trillion dollars
that went is subsidies because they got
campaign donations you know it's because
they got campaign donations okay okay
final questions it'll be the last word I
know staying here on this okay final
question on this
so Young Turks is super sick South's we
have eighty million uniques it's it's
wonderful do you think Bernie Sanders
would care more if you gave him ten
thousand dollars or if you dedicated
your entire networks of kissing his ass
for an election cycle
I so two things about this
first of all I think you and I will
agree I think you and I will agree that
what we did in praising some of Bernie's
programs a lot of Bernie's programs but
not all for example I disagree with him
on guns and I thought Hillary's
education program was slightly better
than birdies and and by the way I agree
with the Republicans on the
export-import bank so it's not blind
allegiance that is not what we do not
remotely okay second of all I think
you'll agree with me that the mainstream
media kissing Hillary Clinton's ass for
two straight years was a much bigger
problem would you have the distinction
that you're asking for that you're
asking for and now I've answer I think
four times is one is speech and by the
way protected you you said life liberty
and pursuit of happiness I think we all
agree to that I got a bigger applause
line I also agree and in arm in our
Constitution a First Amendment is right
to speech and freedom of the press so
that is that rubric money is not in the
First Amendment there is no right to
spend money on politicians money is
money speech is speech all right so
let's do rapid-fire now as we come to
the close here I think by the way
there's wide agreement about the
corruption in politics maybe different
ways how to deal with it but this has
been a very good conversation so I'll go
first to Ben if you look at 2020 what
will be a winning message and who will
be a winning candidate on the Republican
side in 2020
so I think that I think that the
greatest ally that the Republicans have
is the incompetence and stupidity of the
Democratic Party the the 2016 in fact I
have a feeling that Schenk actually
might agree with me on this that 2016
election Donald Trump became President
of the United States right Hillary
Clinton was the worst candidate in the
history of mankind and that had so you
know the the Republican message I never
thought was a particularly losing
message I just think that what we have
right now is such a polarized politics
that it's gonna be very difficult for
anybody to pass anything in this climate
I also think that what we have almost a
reactionary feel on both sides like what
I like about this debates that were
actually talking about ideas which is
actually pretty rare in this in this in
this sphere well what's become more
common is that on the Left there's this
there's this retreat to
intersectionality as in identity
politics this idea that if we can cobble
together a group of people who are
feeling victimized by American society
you know we have black people and we
have a SAN of people and we have women
we have gays and lesbians and
transgenders and they all feel really
bad about how American politics is going
and if we push that notion we can create
a coalition there'll be a brand new
coalition never before seen in American
politics and that requires a woman to
run or that requires a black woman to
run or that requires a minority to run
if they do that then what you're going
to see from and I think an equally nasty
way from the right is a response that
says okay well if you're gonna do
identity politics you will see some
white identity politics from the right
which i think is really negative I don't
want to see either of those things but I
would like to see is the Democrats
campaign on the bigger on the on the
stronger involvement of government in
your life and higher taxes program that
Schenk wants them to campaign on the
Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren program
and I would like to see the Republicans
campaign on my program a smaller
government libertarian program that says
the government should get as much out of
us our lives as much as humanly possible
all right and forte
for jank what will be a winning message
and who'll be a winning candidate for
Democrats in 2020 yep so I so weird if
this ended up being the stage
presidential debate okay so look Ben you
said earlier that you didn't set up the
big government small government paradigm
but you just said you want them to run
on a small government yes
platform lessons where again the small
government doesn't make any sense so
let's let's break it down you asked me
about well about particular issues so
I'll give you one so you were in favor
of the Iraq war that cost us at least
one and a half trillion dollars then
people turn around and say to Bernie
Sanders well I mean college for your
kids your kids are middle class that's
unaffordable that's way too much money
you can't do that that costs 75 billion
dollars a year first of all cause for
your kids you know what that's called
that's called American dream and for and
for one Iraq war for the cost of one
Iraq war we could have gotten twenty
years of free college for all those kids
and the American dream so it isn't about
big government or small government it's
about what do we do with the money
so that 1.5 trillion dollars could have
gone to us could have gone on the middle
class could have gone to a better
economy because when you go to college
you come out you start businesses you
engage in in this market and you make
things better and you employ people we
could have used that for us instead of
we wasted it in Iraq and by the way I
believe been you you want to get tough
on Iran you want to you know rip up the
deal etc if you know the Iraq war was a
waste of blood and treasure wait till
you get a load of what happens in Iran
so we're not gonna make that mistake
again we're not gonna make that mistake
again so what would I want to look this
idea of the identity that Democrats
won't identity politics that some of
them do but let's not forget that
Republicans do the same and worse who
was the one who came up with the
Southern Strategy that was the
Republican Party and
Southern Strategy was let's go get
racist white voters in the south that's
a fact
so
once again it's this wonderful
capitalist invention called google
google it so to to Republican chairman
have said yes we did do that strategy
and we apologize so that's a fact
they're the ones who invented identity
politics so when you you like identity
politics when it serves your interests
but we all of a sudden when we say hey
can black people have the same rights as
white people identity politics can gay
people the same likes of straight people
identity politics
it's called equality look into it it's
called America okay USA USA USA equality
for all of us okay all right I wonder is
very quickly very very I want a response
my point is a point that chanc made last
year in his debate with Dinesh
repeatedly for about an hour
I was the Southern Strategy with regard
to the Republicans okay I'd like to
point out the idea that the entire South
solidly moved into the Republican
category because of the Civil Rights Act
is historically false and has been
debunked multiple times by people
ranging from Shawn trend to Real Clear
Politics
to professors at the University of
Pennsylvania and there's a bunch of ways
to de Munck it including the fact that
the Congress did not switch Republican
in the South until 1994 okay did it take
thirty years for the racists to realize
what was going on 21 senators from the
South were Democrats how many of them
became Republicans after the Civil
Rights Act the answer one the other
twenty stay Democrats in 1952 Eisenhower
did not win a ton of the south
Eisenhower did win however seven states
in the South in 1956 after he sent
federal troops down south the reason
that the that the Republican Party
started to win in the south it began in
the 1950s not after the 1964 Civil
Rights Act and it was largely due to the
movement of industry down south it was
new fringe members of the Republican
Party younger members of the Republican
Party who switched over to the
Republican Party in the south not all
Democrats who remained old Democrats and
are still old Democrats today
so I'm gonna jump in here okay I got it
real quick you're very quick McCarter
launched his 1980 campaign at the
headquarters that town in Alabama that
was the headquarters for the KKK she's
pretend that it was only Republicans
playing bad and race strategy it's just
a lie okay laughter that was him
responding to his own thing okay so real
quick cuz you're right we had a whole
hour long almost an hour long debate on
the Southern Strategy you always got you
guys always pick cherry-pick certain
windows of time and this very narrow
window a lot hold on if if Ben if you're
so right why did two heads of the RNC
come out and say yes we do the Southern
Strategy and we apologize
why did Pat Buchanan say to me on MSNBC
yes we did the Southern Strategy yes we
got whites to vote for us in the south
and we had a good run okay it wasn't me
saying it was Republican leaders and and
Buchanan who did it at the Nixon
campaign admitting that that was exactly
the scenario some members of the
Republican strategy counsel who were
doing evil things that doesn't mean all
the people who voted for the Republicans
were voting for them because of those
things and to impute that motive to tens
of millions of people down south is to
ignore not only history all right I'm
gonna cut right in here so first of all
I think we figured out who this crowd
wants to run for president in 2020 Thank
You prayer house thank you
second of all this is exactly the type
of debates we need to be having from
between the left and the right all
across the country and I wanna thank
politican on a thank politican because
what this is exactly what we need in
America if we're not listening to each
other then our democracy won't succeed
and that's why I think this has been a
very constructive debate I'm not going
to appoint a winner but the real winner
is the audience because I think you've
hopefully learned something new so
please join me in thanking our debater
tonight Ben Shapiro and jenk huger and
give a round to applaud for politican
give a round applaud for you my name is
Stephen o Coley Caro with the Millennial
accent project thank you and have a good
night thank you
hello best test test test test test
hello hey you guys we have a comedy show
coming up right now actually so we're
hoping that everybody could just keep it
taking their seats I know we're not
gonna debate each other but
