I don't even know what these people
chanting crowd all right I think we're
ready to get started right okay well
this is Ann Coulter vs. Ana Kasparian
before we get started just want to thank
you this is the third politican at the
first politican a couple weeks ago we'd
sold about 138 tickets very often when
you announce in on a panel you get
another couple thousand people
your first politican you debated Genk
you had about a thousand people in the
room just for that panel right so thank
you and this is your third politican
thank you very much and tonight is your
third as well that's all I want to thank
you for making this us to a success I
think we're going to have about 10,000
people this weekend so thank you for
that
so I'm just gonna introduce Turei who is
the co-host of binge worthy on the
People TV network but also I think
you've written five books last one about
Prince is that right
are you also a voter in the Rock and
Roll Hall thing tonight I was on the
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame nominating
committee this is a Renaissance man and
he's gonna be hosting this panel now I'm
gonna turn it over to erect
hi hello thank you how are you guys are
you having a good political well
hopefully this will be the highlight of
your day we have a serious intellectual
fight I'm not gonna call it a catfight
because both these people are serious
intellectual people we're going to have
a discussion as people we're not gonna
have a melee right that's I agree I
agree although somehow you guys even
have dressed for the occasion in black
and white like opposite sides of the
coin so look it's supposed to be a
debate but there's not going to be a
winner or loser I'm gonna put out a
question it will go to both of you one
person will go then the other person
will go if you want to re respond you
can I want to avoid more than four
whacks at one question so we get through
a bunch of questions the ladies decided
they wanted to talk about Trump
immigration and criminal justice so
we're gonna focus on those three areas
first question do you like my beard
because it's a new thing that I'm trying
is it working or not
great you can be alright here we go I
like it he's all foreign she's like I'll
tell you later
okay and is uh is Trump an effective
being an effective president so far
first to you and then to you
can you hear me that working yes yes I
think you can hear me now think they
help and Mike let me start with you and
then we'll come back to you so we keep
it moving is Trump being an effective
president so far I think Trump has done
a really good job at being effective in
creating scandal in the White House and
I have to be I have to be quite honest
it's a little disturbing to read
articles like what just came out from
The New Yorker with Ryan Lizza and some
of the statements that were made by
scare Moochie who was supposed to be
here but apparently didn't show up you
know we are supposed to have some level
of civility in government regardless of
what political affiliation you have and
right now we are dealing with a Russia
scandal we're dealing with infighting
within the White House we're dealing
with all sorts of chaos and there have
been no legislative wins so far
now Anne's right it's been seven months
but remember when Trump was campaigning
he made a lot of promises about what
he's gonna do on day one what he's gonna
do on day one well what has he done
since day one I mean he has definitely
applied for more visas for foreign
workers to come in and work for his
properties he's definitely done that he
has increased the cap for foreign
workers to come into the country and so
he basically turned his back on his base
and I'm unsure whether or not they're
even aware of that so no he hasn't been
an effective president if anything
there's been a lot of entertaining drama
and scandal but that's it well I was
going to say
I don't for one thing I would not
consider the scaramouche II interview
the highlight of the trump presidency so
far but I was trying to remember can you
really not hear me seriously can you
know I'm getting a lot of thumbs up I
know this is crazy but I kind of want to
adjust it because I've mic myself every
day do you mind if I do it that uni
already yeah all right talk a little I
think we're gonna have to do what I was
saying about the 7 months is when I
think about I don't remember anything
Obamacare past I don't remember anything
Obama did so yeah there's been a lot of
excitement some of which I'm not that
thrilled about but is he an effective
president well how do you judge that
what did he run on what did he promise I
think none of his supporters maybe some
of them really just thought it would be
fun to have this tacky billionaire in
the White House I think most people
thought no he's the only one raising the
issues we have been dying to have some
president raised and you know screw you
Republicans screw you Democrats we're
gonna put this nut in the Oval Office
because he will at least put Americans
first and not Wall Street first and has
he done that well in seven months he's
really going after ms-13 he's attempting
to prevent terrorists from coming into
the country on the court so we're
getting massive resistance from the
Democrats as usual as we got during the
civil rights era but he'll win in the
he's interviewing for the wall he has a
fantastic Attorney General he has a
fantastic head of ice so as for what he
has promised and whether he's
implementing it I'd give him a B I'm
looking for an a by the midterms I want
to be like Switzerland like when I feel
here and not take aside but occasional
things may jump out at me do you want to
respond to that I just wanted does the
president think that he has a fantastic
Attorney General he seems to not agree
with you well if we're going to get into
the flaws of the avi Trump
administration I mean I think the
original sin was something that I've
been perfectly open with with him and
the world about Americans don't like
nepotism I don't think he should have
brought his son-in-law into the White
House and I think a lot of this has to
do with him being worried about the
investigation going after his son and
why I think he's right not to want an
Independent Counsel there's a reason
Congress got rid of the Independent
Counsel law you can't just have this
unaccountable roving Commission looking
at everything you've ever done I
understand I feel this pain I feel this
frustration but no you shouldn't be you
know s posting your own attorney general
if you don't like him fire me or the
president but look he's done I don't
think that is nearly as bad as the first
thing I didn't like that he did and it's
really just about two things and that
was you know one of the things we voted
for don't get us involved in any more
pointless wars and that bombing of Syria
again hmm I see a little a little
nepotism issue here I mean the claim in
the New York Times in the Washington
Post was Ivanka saw some pictures of
children and started crying
we have to bomb Siri so Ivanka cried
kids died but his base punched back and
at least we are not involved in a war in
Syria and by the way we would have been
in Syria in Russia in Iran if it had
been anyone else running for president
with the possible exception of Bernie
Sanders so I would say he's effective he
hasn't gotten us involved in a pointless
war and he is pretty well following
through on on the immigration stuff he's
pretty well following through on the
trade stuff that's all I care about I
don't care about the tweet
I love the tweets all right so there's
there's quite a bit to jump in on but
the first thing that I want to address
is this notion that he is not escalating
war abroad which is completely false so
within the first three months of his
presidency he actually escalated some of
Obama's foreign policy in the form of
drone strikes in fact it increased 423
percent we are bombing like crazy in
places like Yemen okay and this whole
notion that you know oh this Muslim ban
is trying to keep the terrorists out of
the country doesn't anyone else find it
a little strange that Saudi Arabia one
of the countries that was obviously
involved in what happened on 9/11 is not
part of that Muslim ban right so I mean
I know that the right wing has been very
vociferous in terms of trying to make
Saudi Arabia pay some consequences for
it
Trump isn't making him pay any
consequences cuz he has financial
interests there I want to go way back to
what you said about you know legislative
wins and policy when it comes to the
issue of immigration it's kind of
fascinating because Obama got a lot of
criticism for being soft on immigrants
right but by the end of 2010 he had
allocated 12 billion dollars toward
border security and he had hired 40,000
new border agents as a result less
undocumented immigrants were coming in
more of them were leaving between 2005
and 2010 we actually had 11.5 million
undocumented immigrants leave the
country mostly because of economic
reasons the economy in Mexico was
starting to do a little better
people wanted to leave so there were
winds when it came to Obama he did do
things and he got a lot of criticism
from the left when it came to his
immigration policy but the reality is
Donald Trump hasn't done anything yet
other than attempt to ban people from
some Muslim countries and pretend like
he's a tough guy
in reality he's not a tough guy he
hasn't succeeded in anything and health
care is the latest example of that
well I won't waste a lot of time saying
what I agree with you on couldn't agree
with you more on Saudi Arabia the only
thing I'll say in response to that is
every single general every single
presidential candidate wants to suck up
to Saudi Arabia is the most anti-war and
and by the way I'll throw one in for you
we're continuing this pointless Obama
war in Afghanistan we've been in there
17 years what are we doing there but all
of his advisers and and all of your
favorite Republican John McCain and
Lindsey Graham
oh no they want a full-blown you know a
relationship with Saudi Arabia and will
go to war in Syria we got a war in
Russia now Trump is at least on the war
front he's doing better than anybody
else would have as for you know Obama
being a kick-ass on a hard ass on
immigration though this is a total lie
two quick points I will make one is this
is a Washington metric that if you spend
more money you're getting serious about
it no spending money on Border Patrol
means more government workers more
unionized workers more taxpayer money it
does not mean more enforcement and what
Obama did to make it look like they were
doing enforcement is they redefined
deportation it used to be you know for
50 years you turn somebody away at the
border that's not a deportation you
turned them away at the border suddenly
under Obama they started describing the
turn them away at the border as a
deportation so you know it's like a
failing school saying we just changed
the passing grade from from 70 to 40 and
look all the kids passed that don't be
God under Obama
get in deportations you wouldn't have so
many people weeping about the
deportation there was just another
another one and I think in Bloomberg
yesterday someone weeping about it was
an ice an ice agent saying oh these ice
agents are coming to me and they
actually want to deport people no ice is
able to do its job now and they haven't
been not under Obama not under Bush all
right I need to respond to that because
there were a lot of misleading
statements that you mentioned and I'll
tell you why so the Obama administration
certainly did deport more people than
the Bush administration it was not just
people being turned away at the board
I'll give you the numbers okay so first
of all the twelve billion dollars that
he allocated for border security went
toward hiring forty thousand border
agents so it was not to increase the
bureaucracy it was to include or add to
what we already had at the border now
you mentioned the ice agents and all the
people crying about how mean they are
I'm curious what you think about the
border agents that are now being sued by
the ACLU for molesting two teenage girls
who are coming in from Guatemala does
that make you feel bad at all something
else a wall would solve again
eight hiring border agents is not
keeping illegal immigrants out of the
country and we know that because Obama
was welcoming unaccompanied children
what the border Asians were doing this
wonderful 40,000 40 border Asians was
was handing him a pass putting him on a
bus to the interior of the country that
wasn't a deportation it was the welcome
force down at the border you put up a
wall you don't have to worry about
paying unemployment paying workman's
comp they don't have to go to sleep
they don't slack off they don't molest
illegals the walls just do night not
having to sleep they're actually you
know it's incredibly misleading to say
that we need to build a wall because the
fact of the matter is we 100% already
have a wall we have a 2,000 mile long
border that we share with Mexico right
about 1,000 miles are already covered by
a wall the rest we're talking about a
river and we're talking about
treacherous terrain we're talking about
mountains okay one of the reasons why he
hasn't built the wall yet is because
it's almost impossible to build the wall
in the areas that we're talking about
there's a ton of issues with building
the wall in the remaining area including
US properties we have resorts we have US
properties that would essentially be
divided in half if we continued building
that wall and by the way it's a gigantic
waste of resources how about our
taxpayer money actually go back to us as
American people
so you brought up healthcare we're all
thinking about health care a huge issue
this week trump care for now is dead if
you keep this up is it right for the
president to say let obamacare fail I'll
answer that in a minute everything she
said about the wall was false but
liberals start usually whenever a
liberal is worried about federal
spending money it's not a presidential
debate there's we're gonna use your
antenna should go up there's 700 miles
of fence it's about as high as this
table and if a wall is so ineffective
then stop complaining about it not gonna
make a difference fine then don't be so
hysterical as for Obamacare it's very
simple I mean I think I think Trump made
the mistake of allowing Paul Ryan to set
the agenda President Trump got to
Washington with both political parties
the entire bureaucracy and the entire
legacy media against him you it wasn't
his job to to you know find the proper
replacement for Obamacare that should
have been done by the Republicans we've
had seven years to do it and they didn't
do it it was a disaster what I mean
unfortunately this is this is the
problem with with my party they accepted
the behemoth they act like they're free
marketers and then they you know our big
change to to give you an example and it
happens to be a perfect metaphor here
when Ronald Reagan ran for president one
of his campaign promises was eliminating
the Department of Education today's
Republican party their idea of like
Austrian economics is No Child Left
Behind well no that's that's not getting
rid of their Department of Education and
sending education back to the states we
want a real freemium market solution I
think what they should have done with
Obamacare which I have been writing
about I've been screaming from the
rooftops is don't touch the whole key is
separating the welfare cases from the
free market cases you do not repeal
Obamacare anybody who wants Obamacare
gets it but you pass a one-sentence law
saying there shall be a nationwide free
market and health insurance that has
been the problem for basically since the
60s with health insurance you can't find
health insurance the way you buy
everything else the free market works
it's magic
you got good products at good prices
okay but the question was is it right
for the President to say this policy
which I don't support hmm let that
policy fail with the attendant pain that
would cause too many people I mean of
course it's not right we elected someone
I mean I didn't partake in electing him
but this country elected someone with
the intention of him representing us and
representing our best interests and
unfortunately he would much rather win
some political brownie points as opposed
to looking out for us and improving upon
legislation that was passed by Obama and
so look I'm not gonna sit here and
pretend like the Affordable Care Act is
perfect it's something that we were
criticizing Obama for quite a bit
especially because it lacked the proper
cost controls and because it was
essentially a gigantic handout to
private industry and you know this
notion that if we just make it a free
market system we had a free market
system and guess what a lot of people
had no access to health insurance
because they were being denied for
pre-existing conditions positive things
I'm talking there are a lot of positive
things that came out of the Affordable
Care Act including don't get emotional
including allowing us
allowing us to purchase health insurance
without fear that we have a pre-existing
condition allowing people up to the age
of 26 to remain on their parents health
insurance there were a lot of positive
things but it was flawed and instead of
Republicans coming in and saying hey you
know what let's find a way to lower
these premiums let's find a way to
improve upon this this you know
legislative win that the Democrats had
they're like no let's let it implode in
fact either let's let it implode or
let's just take health insurance away
from tens of millions of Americans
that's not leading that's not
representing the best interests of
Americans I was trying to guide you we
did not have free market health
insurance before Obamacare we haven't
had free-market health insurance
anything resembling it since I don't
know nineteen forty or fifty even then
we didn't but we do have a free market
or pretty much of a free market and
things like flood insurance car
insurance so you have some idea how it
works and if you live in California you
aren't forced to buy health insurance
for hurricanes
if you live in Florida you were not
forced to buy insurance for earthquakes
a real free market in health insurance
would get so many people off the welfare
side of it we could see how it how it
would work we have there's an exception
to Obamacare right now that allows a
sort of free market if you're if you
save for a christian outfit so they're
the unprofitable ish group can say we're
in this together it's not technically
insurance cost fifty dollars a month but
you don't have to pay for lots of stuff
you don't need it's what's known as
health insurance people put their money
together every month and until you're
thinking about this the same way
unfortunately my party is thinking about
it no we start with the assumption that
there will be a huge government program
and make teeny tiny little edits no just
allow us to buy health insurance the way
we buy orange juice shoes houses
computers all these things cell phones
flat-screen tvs all these things get
better and cheaper over time through the
magic of the free market you I always
feel like I'm explaining to a little
Soviet woman
after the end of the the Cold War how
she's gonna get bread if the government
doesn't provide it no it's amazing it's
the free market and that's what they
need to do so typically typically after
a difficult election the leader would
try to bring the country together and I
don't think it's a partisan point to say
that Trump has clearly been focused on
his supporters and policies that they
want and it's not making any effort to
sort of bring over people who are not
not even to with a speech to mollify
people who were not originally with him
can to questions can he win over some
progressives and should he try I mean I
feel like he needs to work on winning
over some members of his own party first
because it seems to be having a
difficult time with that but the fact of
the matter is that you know politics
have become so divisive and so
incredibly polarized and I don't think
she genuinely has an interest in
reaching across the aisle and and
convincing progressives to work with him
I mean he's made progressives the enemy
and so I don't really see much hope for
that but what I do somehow now
miraculously see is some hope in terms
of members of Congress members of Senate
working together to come up with some
better solutions and you know he might
threaten susan collins and and lisa
murkowski but I give them a tremendous
amount of credit for actually sticking
to their guns and representing the best
interests of their constituents
can he win over some progressives and
should he even try I hardly think you
can blame Donald Trump for the
divisiveness in the country for pete's
sake but I mean obviously he did uh he
won over I don't know I don't know you
mean specifically by progress it was but
obviously you want a lot of Democrats
over Democrats the old Reagan Democrats
I mean there was this this the big Stan
Stanley greenberg he's the big pollster
for the Democratic Party went from Yale
Law School and he's and he spends a lot
of money and takes a lot of time and
he's been going to one County Macomb
County in Michigan every four years
because that's like a microcosm of the
Reagan voters he's been polling them
pulling they voted this County voted
twice for Obama and went for Trump that
was the big swing that is what gave
Trump Wisconsin Pennsylvania Michigan I
I think those voters are pretty much in
avail unavailable to progressives as
there are currents currently constituted
there was just a quote maybe some of you
saw there's anything of it was I don't
know in The New Yorker but somebody was
interviewing a Trump voter in Arizona
and said look the reason I
I love Trump and I hate I hated Hillary
was they hated Trump for all the reason
that they hate me and that is how
working-class middle-class Americans are
feeling right now and I mean it was the
deplorable line from Hillary Hillary was
all only you know the most the most
piercing example of that so no I think
if Trump fulfills his promises he will
continue to get these Democrat votes he
might win over some progressives I never
understood why progressives were so anti
Trump he's hardly religious right I mean
he's a man married three times
to a model you're worried about
mandatory Bible readings with him he's
not mr. Wall Street he got no money from
Wall Street he kind of secularist you
don't know what you're talking about
if you're sneering at that so why he
should be so upsetting to to the left I
think it's because he represents what
they do hate and what it is I'm talking
about he represents the Walmart voter
and they know we can't attack the
Walmart voter but we can attack the
billionaire who represents the Walmart
voter
I'm loving this audience you guys are
fun I have oh wow
okay so Trump recently said that the
reason why he has filled his cabinet
with millionaires and billionaires is
because he doesn't want poor people
working for him and in the White House
and so it's it's odd to me that
working-class Americans would think that
he would want to represent them or even
thinks highly of them when in reality
time and time again he has not supported
them another example was a story that we
did years ago about how he believes golf
should be reserved for the wealthy that
if you're from the higher class
socioeconomic status the golf is for you
but if you're poor no golf for you which
is ridiculous like who cares about golf
but it kind of gives you his mindset but
here's one thing that we can agree on
one of the reasons why Trump was able to
flip voters is because he did campaign
on something that I think the Democrats
dropped the ball on with the exception
of Bernie Sanders he talked about jobs
okay Hillary didn't talk about jobs at
least didn't do so in a substantive way
that was convincing and persuasive he
pretended like he was gonna look out for
people who had lost their factory jobs
people who had lost their jobs because
the coal industry is no longer something
that makes any sense in this country
right so he's reaching across you know
he's reaching out to them and saying I'm
gonna look out for you I'm gonna look
out for you but as he looked out for
them why is he applying to have
foreigners come into this country and
work on his properties if he cares about
employing these poor people who have
lost their jobs
why wouldn't he hire them that's what I
wanted it and so look talk is cheap
we know that talk is cheap and we've
seen cheap talk from Democrats and
Republicans but I think it's absolutely
ridiculous to claim that Donald Trump is
looking out for the best interests of
poor Americans who have lost their jobs
if you really genuinely cared about that
then maybe he would practice what he
preaches a little bit
you talked a lot about immigration but
slide into the immigration portion of
the afternoon/evening
what is the reason why most people who
are immigrants come to live in America
it varies it varies quite a bit I also
want to say Bernie Sanders dropped the
jobs issue and dropped the working-class
issue why because he's put through the
meat grinder of one of the main
political parties and you are not going
to get it is the UNEP RT in Washington
against the people that was what Trump
representative and then and the proof of
that was the interview the interview
that Bernie gave I think it was two
salon and he was said something about he
was asked about I remember the guy that
that I can't think of his name right now
anyway who said well you've course here
for open borders and Bernie Sanders said
no that's a Koch brothers idea they want
the cheap labor that was what his
position used to be but then ono has to
be for open borders because he's running
as a democrat that is what hurts the
working-class but the low-wage workers
more than anything else we're just gonna
keep dumping more low-wage workers on
the country and that is in answer to
your question i mean a lot of them are
coming for the welfare benefits now as
milton friedman said you can't have a
welfare state and open borders and we're
getting a lot of that now pre-1970
immigrants pre-1970 immigrants made more
money bought more houses than the people
who already lived here post 1970
immigrants vastly poorer than the people
who already lived here well that's just
competing for resources both forged
government benefits and for jobs from
our own poor people how about we bring
in people to compete with with with talk
show hosts and senators and governors
and wall street bankers then we'll see
you know
what's compassion we have for the rest
of world but Mark Zuckerberg doesn't
want somebody to compete with him for
his job he wants them to bring in people
to compete for his landscapers job that
that is how Donald Trump cares about the
people who are being hurt and have been
left behind and ignored by both
political parties for decades now I have
a response
so all it takes is a quick google search
to find that undocumented immigrants
have no access to government benefits in
fact
in 1996 Bill Clinton and legislators at
the time made it incredibly difficult
for immigrants who are in the country
legally to have access to government
benefits or government programs and so
it's a complete fear-mongering talking
point from the right that people are
coming into this country and they're
mooching off American taxpayers the only
people who are mooching off of American
taxpayers right now are oil companies
and the wealthiest people
it's it's it's it's really a great it's
a great it's a great it's a great
distraction to have Americans look at
the little guy and blame them for all
their problems when the wealthiest
people in this country are basically
raping and pillaging us right to go back
to to raise original question about why
people are coming into this country
right now immigration from Mexico so
Mexican immigrants is down okay
Mexicans are not trying to come into the
country the way they were before mostly
because of some of our policies but more
importantly because their economy is
doing better right so they have no
reason to come here economic reasons was
the main reason why Mexican immigrants
were coming into the u.s. but all of a
sudden we're seeing an increase of
people from Guatemala Honduras and El
Salvador trying to cross the border
first of all across the border into
Mexico and then cross into the United
States which has become pretty
impossible considering the increased
border security that we have because of
the Obama administration now why are
they trying to come in well there have
been spikes and violence in those
countries okay there have been drug
traffickers cartels that have increased
violence you've heard about you know
decapitations and all that stuff well
the reason why they're so powerful is
because of the drug war that you're very
supportive of we've spent 1 trillion
dollars on the war on drugs since 1971
we're not only wasting our resources
were literally fueling drug cartels in
other countries which is upping the ante
when it comes to undocumented
immigration in the country
a lot of studies show that the number
one reason that immigrants give for
illegally crossing border is family
reunification they want to reunite with
their family do you think that it is
immoral to break immigration law to
reunite with your family it is a total
lie that illegal immigrants do not get
all kinds of government assistance but
don't just look up any idiot can write
on the Internet look it up they can get
these look stamps they go into emergency
rooms they get schooling they get
english-as-a-second-language they get
the SNAP program whoa they get full
health care in California it is not
saying that illegal immigrants are the
little guy they're not our guys
Americans don't have a problem paying
for our own for our own sick our own
injured but the idea is we're like a
family we're all in this to the paper of
welfare and you say but you know there
but for the grace of God go I okay but
you don't get to this isn't the entire
world we're talking about we're not
turning America into you know the
universe's charity award we need to take
care of our own and that's what's
hurting the world
the reason illegal immigrants say
they're coming for family reunification
is because that that's what you got you
a free bus pass and a box lunch in the
Obama era whatever they need to say to
be moved into the interior of the
country but this idea that oh oh I have
do you can't break up my family well
okay all of you go back then I think
it's hilarious that you're sitting here
saying that you care about taking care
of our poor people and spending our
taxpayer money on government programs
that help our poor people you've been on
the record on multiple occasions talking
about how much you hate the welfare
state and so you don't care about taking
care of anyone you care about lower
taxes for yourself and that's pretty
much it
look at his I just tried to explain but
again it's like talking to the old
Soviet woman who doesn't grasp the free
market name Kong is this a real question
of whether we take care of our poor and
I must say immigration makes everything
harder and one of the biggest things
that makes harder is the distribution of
welfare look at all of the scams on
welfare is that going to the poor no
it's going to the Russians in Brighton
Beach it's going to the Cubans in Miami
it's going to the Arabs up in in
Michigan one thing that that immigrants
legal and illegal really have quite a
strong proclivity for that is not part
of our Native American even our Native
American criminals are massive financial
flaw frauds and government frauds they
don't consider themselves part of our
kin part of our family it isn't that
they're we're all in this together
America is like Disneyland to these
criminals it is ripping off all these
systems
so to say you want welfare to be to be
distributed in a way that is useful that
helps people that gives them allows them
to get work and jobs is not being
against helping the poor it is being for
helping the poor away from the financial
and economic part of immigration which
we have discussed extensively here on
the cultural piece would America benefit
from limonade limiting or eliminating
immigrants well I mean I think it makes
sense to limit immigrants we do have I
mean our resources are not you know
they're finite so of course but just
culturally good financially I mean look
I'm not afraid of different cultures
right I I'm not afraid of people
speaking Spanish it doesn't get me
emotional it doesn't make me feel scared
and I know that there are some people
who
afraid of that happening my parents are
immigrants you know my dad was born in
Syria my mom is born in Armenia I was
born here in Los Angeles and nothing
makes me happier than seeing different
cultural you know different Heritage's
all around me and and for some reason
there's this fear on the right in regard
to different cultures I know that you
and have spoken extensively about you
know oh my god English is no longer
going to be the main language in the
United States that's not true that's not
true and besides which why does it make
you so uncomfortable to hear people
speak Spanish right and then you also
refer to your own family members as
settlers well okay so they got the luck
of the draw and they were able to come
into this country and settle without you
know people discriminating against them
and stopping them from doing so but who
are we to say Mexicans can't come in
because as you say you think they're
peasants I don't think they're peasants
I actually think that they enrich this
country with their culture
these questions
first of all is this sneering mocking of
Americans who suddenly wake up one day
and find out there no one is speaking
English in their neighborhoods I think
is extremely elitist and snooty I'm
quite sure you all wouldn't like it if
your kids came home from school and they
sounded like Sarah Palin I think that
would be a cultural shock for you
certainly in California most of the
neighborhoods that have gone all
Hispanic are black neighborhoods and not
through casual casual movement one of
the ways our culture changes with with
with immigration both legal and illegal
is there is there is not a lot of
Tolerance as much tolerance as Americans
have you have black gangs or rather
Hispanic gangs going into the black
neighborhoods
screaming epithets throwing bottles at
their houses the LA Times has written
this up extensively so I think it's very
sneering and mocking of you to be
referring to mostly African American and
other immigrant neighborhoods that
suddenly aren't speaking English and oh
they're afraid of Spanish no they think
that their kids shouldn't be turned away
from a job at McDonald's because they
don't speak Spanish that was one one
witness's testimony in Congress a black
guy from Los Angeles and settlers why
does it make a difference that you're a
settler no it isn't that we should first
first-come-first-serve no it's that
settlers created this country it wasn't
clear
and yeah a lot of things change when we
bring in particularly such large numbers
I mean there's a reason that the main
immigration restriction is group in the
country is called numbers USA not you
know Mexican sucks USA it's that we do
need to assimilate people to this
wonderful country of ours where we do
learn to be tolerant and not practice
racism or anti-semitism and respect one
another
oh well for those of you who think that
anti-semitism has gotten worse the ADL
the studies on this every year and every
year they find that the main
practitioners of anti-semitism are your
hispanic friends so you might want to
reconsider the mass just a menacing the
mall was they're coming in no you I mean
we do have a wonderful country and we
need to take time to assimilate people
not let them live in ghettos and bring
in their cultures there's a reason they
left their cultures to come to our
culture and we didn't leave our culture
to go to theirs
when
when you say the settlers created the
country are you including the enslaved
Americans as settlers or is that a
separate group not settlers in that
sense but I mean as many people have
pointed out we if we are not a
multiracial country we are not a
multicultural country we are a biracial
country for 400 years this country was
black and white and we have had black
people here as long as why this is
biracial country and african-americans
then I finished this point it seems to
have set off the ground look at African
Americans obviously got the short end of
the stick for about 200 years this is
why I was explaining on the last panel
this is why we have civil rights this is
why we have constitutional provisions
this is why we allow what this is why we
have affirmative action it wasn't the
rainbow coalition it was to make up to
redress specific grievances done to
African Americans slavery Jim Crow laws
and now suddenly you know everybody's
running across the border and oh me too
me too I'm part of this no no no no no
civil rights are for African Americans
they are not for people who arrived
yesterday or last week we didn't do
anything to you Republicans didn't do
anything to any okay okay
I mean I there's just wow I don't even
know where to start so in that
long-winded rant you proceeded to insult
people in a racist way and then have the
audacity to say that our immigration
policies are racist or allowing more
immigrants in would lead to more racism
it's it's anything I said racist how is
that you just talked about people
speaking Spanish and how their how their
how parents don't want to hear that
because they're concerned that their
kids might want to end up working at
McDonald's you're assuming no rewarming
this is a century no you weren't
listening
no there was there was a testimony
before Congress from LA communities
where black Witnesses were going in
saying my kid applied to the local
McDonald's they wouldn't hire him
because he didn't speak Spanish it is
mostly black communities that are being
overwhelmed with illegal immigrants and
to be mocking them and saying they're
afraid of Spanish people I think is very
dismissive and and so here's what
happens in this creep hold on
you like the free market right you love
the free market I love the free market
as well as long as you don't have let me
finish my point you can okay in a free
market of course there will be
competition for certain jobs right and
so the most skilled worker is likely to
get that position being bilingual is a
skill you're able to communicate
and I get it if you're not bilingual it
makes you uncomfortable you're not as
competitive but guess what you know we
live in a country where you have all the
resources at your fingertips you can
learn a language for free online and so
enough with this victimhood because I
feel like there's a lot of victimhood
coming from you right now
right if you want to compete for these
jobs go out there and learn pick
yourself up by the bootstraps learn a
new language
there's nothing
you know we we only have an hour and not
only is the hootenanny going on cutting
into time but if you would spend more
time making arguments and not
characterizing me we'd have a way you
started in last when you're gonna start
this one we're gonna talk about criminal
justice a little bit the big moment this
week and the president gave a speech in
front of a roomful of police officers
and suggested that they should be
rougher with the suspects I think that's
a fair characterization of what he said
and the officers applauded that right
apparently they agree with him should
police officers be rougher with suspects
being a rougher wits I mean I don't know
how much more rough you can be when we
live in a country that justifies the
slaying of a 12 year old kid who's
playing with a toy gun at a heart
I don't know how much rougher cops can
be when you have a yoga and meditation
teacher getting shot within a second of
arriving to a police car by the way a
police card that she called to report a
sexual assault in her alleyway but to be
fair the cops were startled so since
they were startled it was okay to shoot
and kill that woman who again called the
police because she trusted them and
thought that they would look out for you
know whoever was being assaulted in that
alleyway so I don't know how much
rougher cops can be I mean look I think
that it is true that cops have an
incredibly difficult job and we're
living in a country that's swimming in
guns and so the paranoia is
understandable but at the same time
there needs to be a real conversation
without fear-mongering about what we can
do to make sure that cops do their jobs
effectively so twelve year olds aren't
shot or an individual who's literally
running away from the cops doesn't get
shot or if someone lets a cop now hey I
have a licensed gun in the glove
compartment that individual doesn't get
shot right away
well the peaceful yoga instructor was
shot because of immigration combined
with this insane idea that we owe
immigrants affirmative action this
Somali was rushed through the
Minneapolis Police Cadets exam violated
about four rules off the top of my head
so that the good people of Minnesota
could brag about having a real live
Somali on the police floors that was
what and what killed Justine Damon's and
we didn't do anything to the Smalley's
what we did was send them food which the
Warlord's took so we sent in a fighting
force to make sure they got food there
was no slavery no Jim Crow to make up
for and yet oh they arrived yesterday so
they get affirmative action on the favor
supporting cops and you're in favor of
cops shooting is Joe Neal unarmed
individual think it's been less they're
Somali because if they're Somali well
then they must be terrorists and that's
the reason why they decided to settle is
you won't get cops that are is good
that's a fact it hasn't nothing to do
with terrorism as for what Trump said I
mean look you guys have at it if you
want to adopt the feminist motto of
that's not funny
fine have at it I'm sure you'll swing
the electorate Trump was joking people
laughed analyzing Trump's every joke is
I think not helping you okay it could
have been a joke it did seem very
borscht fell the whole thing was very
jocular I don't know maybe he was joking
but okay let's go a little broader with
the same point right black lives matter
has spent years saying we have a
policing violence problem do we have a
police violence problem not as much as
we have a black males killing black
males
I think I care more about black lives it
is cops that are trying to save black
lives are putting their lives on the
line to save black lives
that's I mean I also think that so much
of this is brushing what I think the
original problem is under under the rug
and I don't want to drag us in a
completely different direction but it is
the destruction of the black family by
the welfare state paying women to have
illegitimate children and once you start
with that you know it's I mean all is
lost at a young age and I think that's
what we really need I wish instead of
spending so much time trying to
assimilate and
english-as-a-second-language if instead
in the 60s we had just spent it all on
African Americans I think would be a lot
better off you know we also have a
problem in the country of white men
killing white men because guess what
criminals kill people in their areas and
we live in segregated neighborhoods and
so if you look at the numbers you see
the same thing when it comes to white
individuals so that right wing talking
point is empty to say the least
but anyways
it again try to get into the heart of
the issue is there racial bias in the
criminal justice system in the new Jim
Crow Michelle Alexander talks about
black people are over arrested over
prosecuted over convicted and over
sentenced well my favorite stat when it
comes to that has to do with marijuana
because I love marijuana so it's it's
it's interesting because there was a
study looking specific hell yeah it's
study looking specifically into
marijuana use rates and they compared
white marijuana users to black marijuana
users and the researchers found all
right they use marijuana at similar
rates but it's interesting because
blacks are four times more likely to be
arrested and prosecuted for marijuana
possession which is by the way I don't
care if you're black white Asian Latino
doesn't matter you shouldn't be
prosecuted for marijuana possession
that's a gigantic waste of our resources
but I found that studies so interesting
because again we're talking about
similar rates but why is it that one
group gets targeted more often than the
other group oh I'm so glad you brought
this up that this is based on self
reports there have been further studies
where they actually drug test the person
after asking do you smoke pot have you
smoked pot in the last week and it turns
out there's a racial difference in
telling the truth on did you smoke pot
blacks were about ten times more likely
to lie and say they hadn't smoking pot
point to you can fight you can find it
oh we all know it to you and you can
post it but do you and the second point
is nobody goes to prison for possession
that's untrue more than
no I know you're all potheads and you're
gonna have trouble following what I'm
about to say but as you will be able to
read in in your in failing New York
Times almost 90% of people in prison are
in prison as a result of a plea bargain
no one gets arrested and tried for
possession of marijuana they're cut but
but if they happen to have marijuana on
them that's what they plea it down - you
don't need witnesses you don't need a
trial but it may be on the record but
you're not going to prison for that
you're going to prison because you held
up a liquor store with a sawed-off
shotgun and they found pot on you know
may I jump in this is this is one of my
favorite topics I did a TEDx talk on it
so there's been a lot of research into
this why do you guys think we have
private prisons why are our taxpayer
dollars going toward private prisons and
why do we even need them right don't we
have County prisons federal prisons well
it's because in the 1980s because of
Republican leadership we passed a bunch
of draconian laws specifically in regard
to marijuana and so our prison systems
all of a sudden were just filled with
people who got caught with possession of
pots right and so you know these
entrepreneurs see that there's some you
know there's an entrepreneurial
opportunity here and so you have the
emergence of Corrections Corporation of
America and geo group and guess what
they did they're like give us your
nonviolent drug offenders and make us
rich so your tax dollars aren't really
going to welfare recipients and all
these little guys that you know people
want to distract you with they're going
to private industries like private
prisons who have a vested interest to
criminalize nonviolent individuals
particularly those who get caught with
drugs
should marijuana be legal no you can
legalize all the drugs you want once
there isn't a welfare state but no
marijuana makes people retarded
especially when they're young we've got
enough bus boys we're bringing in bus
boys by the million through our
immigration policy we do not need a
country of bus boys we're destroying the
country should marijuana be legal
absolutely in fact I wish you would
smoke a joint marijuana does not make
people the word that you just said which
is ridiculous how many you guys don't
have to raise your hands if you feel
uncomfortable how many of you guys smoke
pot well there are lawmakers of this
country that would like to see you in
prison Jeff Sessions happens to be one
of them okay
in fact marijuana laws have been so
draconian that it has allowed members of
the DEA to do something known as civil
asset forfeiture which is if you are
even suspected of being in possession of
drugs or trafficking drugs they can go
ahead and take your home they can take
your money they can take your car they
can take your property because hey
they're investigating you and guess what
only a tiny fraction of those
individuals ever get their property back
you don't have to be convicted of
anything you don't have to even face any
serious charges it's just based on
suspicion and Obama actually brought
that back a little bit reeled it back in
a little bit Jeff Sessions comes into
power and all of a sudden there are no
civil asset forfeiture awesome let's
take property away from these innocent
Americans who haven't done anything
wrong but hey our local police
enforcement in the DEA needs some
resources so let's go ahead and
confiscate their property that's what's
happening with the drug war right now
our time is up ah this has been
extraordinary I think this is what
politican is about both sides talking
arguing passionately thank you guys
Thank You Ana Kasparian Thank You Ann
Coulter
you
you
