TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis would
that be great now look you got to check
out our series ten days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see an inconvenient
sequel truth to power in theaters in New
York and LA on July 28th and nationwide
August 4th
Anthony scaramouche's wife has filed for
divorce that's right the new White House
new communications director has you know
his wife has left him and apparently it
has something to do according to page
six with his naked political ambition
Deidre Ball who worked as a vice
president in investor relations for
skybridge Capital the firm he found in
2005 and sold to his sent to the White
House has filed for divorce from the
mooch after three years of marriage
after getting fed up with his ruthless
quest to get close to president Trump
whom she despises Deidre has left him
and has filed for divorce she liked the
nice wall street life and their home on
Long Island not the insane world of DC
she is tired of his naked ambition which
is so enormous that it left her at her
wits end she has left him though they
have two children together they were
married in 2014 and they began dating in
2011 and now I want to get a response
from this panel you are with someone
there the love of your life they start
working for Donald Trump grounds for
divorce CA or nay absolutely I don't I
don't think she's leaving him because
he's ambitious
I think she's leaving him because he's
negotiable you know what I mean I think
it's not because he's ambition no
nothing's wrong there's nothing wrong
with ambition but he has a price I don't
want to be married to nobody who was
called the mooch like it just sounds
like something from a sitcom from the
eighties but even she even donated fifty
four hundred dollars to the
Congressional Campaign of anti-trump
Democrat Kathleen rice of 2015 so it
wasn't that she was sort of casually
against Trump she's anti Trump and like
you said her husband sort of it seems a
lot like he sold himself out to now you
know work for Donald Trump look what
tweets he deleted I know you guys have
talked about this before on this show
yeah I loved when he tweeted deleted the
tweets it's like it for further
transparency I'm deleting my tweets
you know that would be the opposite
anyway so but I actually have a slightly
harsher view of her than you do which is
that it's not that he's negotiable or
ambitious she didn't mind either one of
them when he was just making cash right
like when he was in the financial world
and I got a nice house in Long Island
everything was great okay but now you go
to DC and mucking up our name and yeah
and now to be fair to her and also
working for a loathsome guy who I can't
stand and that is you know potentially
an act of great principal so either way
I I support her you know it's hard in
terms to be fair to her it is super hard
to judge her motivation and maybe she
really genuinely loved mooch but then
was like horrified to find out cuz they
have been married that long that oh it's
not the guy I thought he was if he would
work for a guy like Trump that's that's
not what I signed up yeah it reminds me
of I think there's like an investigation
discovery show it has to do with murder
nothing about this but who the eff did I
marry who the bleep did I marry what I
will say is that obviously this is from
page six so it's very salacious and how
it's reporting and ball has not was not
being able to reach for a comment and
represented for the mooch also has not
commented so we're getting sort of a
scandalous twist on this story while I'm
sure there's some element of truth to
this I want to just take a lot of this
with a grain of salt like I don't think
this is really as soap opera II as
they're making it sound well and maybe
it is but also the that's no wonder
there's that Long Island
she liked the long I on home thing so I
now that you point out that this from
New York Post I feel bad for falling for
it so because New York Post is a very
conservative newspaper owned by Rupert
Murdoch so that's why they might be
shipping her by saying like oh she like
the Long Island
it's kind of colored in a way that they
want their there there's a narrative
behind it so just take everything with a
grain of salt from New York Post so
that's it I think though if you're
married to somebody and you take a stand
if you say I don't want to be married to
somebody who supports this
administration that's that something
about her I think we need more people to
do that because a lot of us are
complicit and that's the biggest problem
that we're dealing with when it comes to
the this Trump if you know a lot of
people who tell me how I didn't vote for
him because he's a racist it wasn't
about that it was about money you
supported that bull regardless and I
think that's cool I think all you women
who are married to these guys you need
to leave them even the ones who need I'm
not gonna say with Jeff Sessions
anything dad's work under him and they
get on their knees for me I was like
they still go home to their wives and
their spouses the time off and then do
their wives look at them ago I saw you
on TV today I would lose a lot of
respect for the way you're kissing this
guy's ass I would think it would have to
be a natural reflex yeah so look the
question that grace ass is a super good
one in fact I want to do a poll about it
and I always do the polls when I'm like
curious what you guys would do so we'll
call a tea white tea network.com slash
divorce would you divorce your spouse if
they started working for Donald Trump so
because I'm telling you I'm not sure
which way I'd answer because it's one
thing when it's theoretical but it will
but when you think about it in the real
world number one I mean I love my kids I
don't want to divorce my wife that's
nuts right but if she supports Donald
Trump that's deeply disturbing but I'm
not getting divorced over a wrong vote
right but you go work for him and you're
his communications advisor and you're
the main person who's supporting and
complicit with this monster Manit now
now we got a real issue in America right
so I don't know which way I vote on that
I'm we can't think about it but but but
that I see why she did what she did and
- I this point
look Ivanka Trump is constantly saying
I'm not complicit I'm not complicit and
then but she is
she's never fought on any issue that we
can see and she certainly never won on
any issue that we've seen where where
she's pulled a trump to be more moderate
she claimed to be a friend of the LGBT
community and Trump just destroyed that
right yeah so you are complicit but so
here here's a person who chose not to be
complicit yeah and deserves a ton of
credit for that I agree absolutely agree
and you know what maybe she did it
publicly cuz you know he is the mooch so
if something happens to her now we all
know you know he is the mooch oh my gosh
and he breath oh one last thing I mean
it's also probably good timing on her
party again I don't want to impugn her
motives but although I did it earlier
and I feel bad about it is that he sold
skybridge capital in order to give the
Trump White House and then he didn't
make it into the White House because of
Reince Priebus that's why he shipped
Reince Priebus in the first place now
he's in charging support independent
media come join us at the young turks
TYT Network calm /join
