the skinny repeal was a big fat failure
what is a Republican to do well there
are a lot of videos we're gonna go
through right now that are the responses
on the heels of this failure so we are
going to talk first about Mitch
McConnell and an essential thing we've
noticed is that they really are focused
on whether Democrats are gonna celebrate
we're gonna play video number three
right now I regret that our efforts were
simply not enough this time
now imagine many of our colleagues on
the other side are celebrating probably
pretty happy about all this but the
American people are hurting and they
need relief our friends on the other
side decided early on they didn't want
to engage with us and in a serious way
in a serious way to help those suffering
under Obama care so yeah I love this
line of attack which you're gonna see
more of in a second like I guess our
friends over on the other side of the
aisle are celebrating that they want
yeah yeah that's how it works so yeah
yeah oh I guess they're taking selfies
yeah things selfie I don't know why but
I'll take it right wait oh they're like
what did McConnell and I go what plan do
the Democrats have the plan they had was
called Obamacare okay and they just
saved it so what did you want them to do
cry what a bizarre talking point only in
Washington and on television was such an
insane talking point be given any
credence at all yeah how prepared do you
think he was to give that speech given
that he was standing there next to
McCain going like right let's see the
Republicans are just throwing they've
been throwing an eight-year temper
tantrum over the Affordable Care Act
honestly they don't know what they want
McCain is right if they had seven years
they've had seven years to come up with
anything that's better oh but guess what
this is a huge hand out to two
health care industry this is this was a
Romney plan I'm sorry can we not
remember it's a win-win if you have eyes
you are an oligarch essentially like I
mean and it's a win-win for people who
need health care but it definitely
further entrenches a privatized system
etc etc it was originally a Republican
plan so what the hell they have nothing
and we know this and so now it's just
like we don't have anything else to fix
the American paintballers know they're
not they're not suffering you can see
they've got more care and in Obamacare
Obamacare is now polling above 50% is
actually relatively not relatively
pretty popular it's hard to get any bill
that is in effect that has downsides
above 50% so we I thought in Obamacare
had the same downsides that Francesca
just mentioned and we talked about at
the time they were passing there's no
price controls it lets private insurance
charge whatever they want
and by the way progressives were right
about that yes said and then and all the
establishment Democrats assured us no no
there's plenty of price controls in the
built no there wasn't
we were right about that it's nowhere
near perfect but it's above 50% it's
popular you know why because the
American people just saw the alternative
and the Republican proposal even before
this last one that's even worse was
pulling it 17% so don't quote the
American people Mitch McConnell you
don't speak for us the polling is
incredibly clear on this issue they
hated your plan yeah I was so bad let's
look at another response this one from
Ted Cruz who offered his own amendment
to the health care crisis attempted
solutions here is video 6 we're gonna go
to Ted Cruz's response similar in the
next 24 hours in the next week
Democrats will crow exultant ly they
will claim total victory for a
collapsing and failing law that is
Obamacare and the media will write story
after story after story about how
Obamacare will remain even though it is
failing and hurting millions of
Americans but after all of the chest
beating off after all of the proud
victory laps of the left
I believe this Congress will come back
and in time
we will honor our promises you know
senators are gonna go home the next few
weeks they're gonna go home to their
states and they're gonna face their
constituents they're gonna have hard
questions if people look them in the
eyes and say why did you lie to me and
by the way it's not just gonna be the
Senators have voted now the Senators who
voted yes are gonna be asked why did you
lie to me because the voters are not
going to distinguish they're gonna say
you guys promised to do this and you
failed okay why would the voters
rise up in their fury and be like why
did you not pass the bill that we all
hated 83% are on the other side they did
not like you ever they hated your bill
why would they be like oh my god why
didn't you pass that bill all right you
were gonna take my healthcare way and
you didn't why did you do that do it Ted
Cruz just become a preacher like your
dad
you speak like one already you have no
politics your constituency hates you
okay they were protesting you to your
constituents don't want you to repeal it
either
like honestly get give it up just like
oh hey can we have a moment for the Cruz
amendment which was essentially he said
like is it cool if the way we sell
insurance is if there's one plan that's
good we can sell a ton of other plans
that's like going to there like a car
dealership saying we have one model that
is a car now that was really expensive
this stuff you can afford we're gonna
sell you two tires and a crankshaft or
something like it doesn't make it which
I you know the drive shaft I think was
the name of the band and lost but that's
not gonna help me when I need a car
that's the problem with the a lot of
weird reference yeah and then in an
attached island and in the beginning he
did the same thing as McConnell
oh I guess the Democrats will celebrate
that they want yes yes they will really
good what drives me crazy is those same
Democrats from like Chuck Schumer's like
no we're not celebrating today why do
you say that if I was a Democratic
leader I'd be like god damn right we're
celebrating today we just defeated one
of the worst bills ever proposed I'm
going to throw a party and I'm gonna
have a pinata in it and it's gonna look
like McConnell with any
yeah I wish Sherman would just just wear
like a party hat would be like I'm not
celebrating nobody celebrating great
sound mica someone's having a party
without it that's crazy FOMO yeah cuz
you guys failed alright I do feel like
Republican parties are secretly the
craziest weirdest Oh like you're in
cloaks but also naked party alright one
more this from Fox News it has the same
theme but also a funny point it then by
Kilmeade as usual these young people
were out there celebrating
congratulations you now will pay a fine
or you have to have insurance
congratulations to healthy people are
paying for the sick people yeah that's
how insurance works okay but they just
they literally don't understand anything
and most especially insurance so they're
like oh you're celebrating I guess
because you want yes that's how it works
and I guess insurance you want healthy
to people to also pain when they're not
yet sick yes that's how it works and
then I got you want a mandate now
otherwise you'll pay a fine we have a
mandate for car insurance everyone if
you want to drive a car
you must get car insurance it's a
mandate otherwise it's not just a fine
you can get pulled over and arrested
okay
so the reason we have that is kill me
would be oh I guess the people who
aren't getting in accidents also have to
pay in case you get an accident haha if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
