TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see any
inconvenience equal truth to power in
theaters in New York and LA on July 28th
and nationwide August 4th so anything is
CRO Moochie yeah last night puts out a
tweet about how Reince Priebus is a
leaker that's what he seems to insinuate
and saying that he's gonna report him
for felony crime to the FBI and Justice
Department he's screwed she's the White
House communications director Brian's
previously the chief of staff this is
unprecedented and within the same
administration he later to deletes a
tweet in a panic and then he says no I
didn't mean that it was rience then he
goes on CNN for half an hour and says
the fish rots from the head down and
it's not me and the president clearly
indicating its rights okay but now that
settled by Ryan Lizza just came out with
an article explaining that skra Moochie
did call him last night and confirmed
that he was talking about Reince Priebus
the knucklehead did it on the record
oh no but okay so oh it's so good though
it's so I'm so glad he did it on the
record because there are quotes in Ryan
Liz's piece that will never be forgotten
so I'm I want to concentrate on the
Steve Bannon part here because the rice
part has been talked about a lot and so
he I don't know if he forgot to say it's
off the record or he's just like he once
famously said I like to stab people from
the front well we've got some front
stabbing here so here's what Steve Banta
is the chief adviser to the president
who just higher score Moochie he he says
I am NOT Steve Bannon I'm not trying to
suck my own cock White House oh it's so
good oh my god and then he said I'm not
trying to build my own brand off the
fucking strength of the president I'm
here to serve the country Wow
so the White House is in an open state
of warfare with itself yes
everybody hates everybody else at the
White House the management and
competence here
is record-breaking no one has ever been
this incompetent as a manager at least
in the public sphere so he's like okay
I'm gonna hunt this Trump now I'm gonna
hire a bunch of you guys okay now score
Moochie and the CNN interview said about
him and Ryan's
we're like Cain and Abel one of them
killed although he said that anyway so
the reason for the bad blood in the
background is that screw Moochie sold
his financial company because he thought
he was going in the Trump White House
and Reince Priebus prevented that
earlier on in the beginning of the
administration yeah so this is like
Sopranos level stuff so he'd be yeah I
guess his car mooches worse he
cock-blocked
okay and then mooches i got what the
hell i sold my company and i'm out here
and so finally trumka is I'm at a higher
score Moochie do communications Reince
Priebus who apparently was right about
this like that's a really bad idea right
and that's the reason why Sean Spicer
resigned so he can't block him so screw
Moochie comes in spice he goes this is
outrageous so I'm I'm leaving Spicer was
connected Reince Priebus s4 Moochie
comes out and he's just like it's got a
couple of ships so Reince Priebus oh
wait hold on a second Steve Madden I
don't suck my own cock like you do try
to important word there
no no but okay so that was great and and
the quotes that come from Ryan Liz's
piece are amazing and you should read
the entire piece but to me the most
interesting component was the fact that
scared Moochie called
Ryan Lizza to understand who the source
was from the White House who let Lizzy
know that Trump had a meeting with Sean
Hannity and a bunch of other goons right
and so scaramouche she's freaking out is
like who told you that who told you that
I need to know I need to know I'm gonna
fire everyone in the communications
department unless you tell me who it is
and Ryan loses like I'm not telling you
what my sources dude like that's that's
not gonna stop me from protecting my
source okay before he sent the
now-infamous treat about Reince Priebus
score Moochie tells Lizza
yeah let me go though
cuz I gotta start tweeting some shit to
make this guy crazy okay so then scram
uchi says what I want to do is I want to
fucking kill all the leakers I want to
get the President's agenda on track so
we can succeed for the American people
communications director being Wow there
is I don't have enough hands for the
face bottom you have to for this
interview like what okay but the ban in
lines aving are the best ones all right
so these are the clowns that are now in
charge of our country so this is all fun
and games because they're all just
stabbing one another but these guys make
decisions that affect everyone's lives
sometimes life-and-death decisions you
trust them to make the right decisions
look at how grotesquely incompetent they
are these buffoons are now in charge of
the most powerful military in the world
and and and the biggest government and I
fear for us all I fear for the planet
yeah these guys in charge it's enough to
scare a coochie
