TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see any
inconvenience equal truth to power in
theaters in New York and LA on July 28th
and nationwide August 4th a new study
indicates that college students who
smoke marijuana might actually suffer in
their studies a little bit which is not
that surprising but this study has
raised a few alarms a few red flags and
I want to give you the details about it
so this study actually took place in the
netherlands amsterdam stir damn to be
specific and apparently the study on
ball right so now what happened in this
one particular town is they were having
issues with drug tourism people from
neighboring countries were coming in to
some of these cafes smoking marijuana
and they were concerned about it they
were worried about crime and things like
that so go ahead near Amsterdam people
were coming in to smoke pot right oh my
god heaven forfend so this is super
interesting so what does it happen what
ended up happening is to economic
researchers in the area decided to look
into you know what would happen if
lawmakers in the area change the policy
and they did change the policy they said
you know people who are not citizens
will not be able to legally purchase
marijuana however people who are here
legally people who are citizens will be
able to purchase the drug how as much as
they want right so all of a sudden they
have this interesting potential study
they have a university with a group of
students who can purchase the marijuana
continue using the marijuana and then a
group of students who are from other
countries and they don't have access to
it and so the researchers looked at that
and and the findings were kind of
interesting those banned from cannabis
cafes had more than 5% increase in their
odds of passing their courses low
performing students benefited even more
so that was the outcome
I don't think 5% is that interesting or
that you know significant maybe some of
you do but also keep in mind the study
didn't look
to whether or not the individuals who
are cut off from legally purchase
purchasing the marijuana we're buying it
from other places you know what I'm
saying so there's definitely a couple of
issues with this study which is that
there might be some self-selection in
there as well they might have had more
time to study because they weren't
traveling all the way to Amsterdam
well and you don't know that they
weren't smoking weed at home so a number
of issues of the study but if you found
out that you that students who stopped
smoking pot did a little better 5
percent better in school would you
really be surprised so if that is the
most damning thing that they've got on
pot look I don't want people who are
underage to be smoking marijuana right
but once you're an adult you get to make
your own decisions and so if you are 18
and older you're going to school and you
decide I want to wake and bake I want to
smoke marijuana all day long of course
that's gonna negatively well not
necessarily for everyone because I think
it affects people differently but if it
affects you in a negative way that's not
surprising it slows some people down
other people are analytical if you take
it before a test good luck remembering
anything that's very believable but on
the other hand they've never done a
study right or not that I know of on if
I give alcohol on students so if you do
guys who are getting drunk and guys who
are not getting drunk and how do they do
in school my guess is you're gonna find
something a little bit bigger than 5%
right no but look we're keeping it real
and so if there are if there are issues
with pot and we've reported a couple
other stories we tell you that too but
overall legalized
