evanka is reportedly opposed to Donald
Trump her father's trans ban in the
military but not for she's not going to
speak out about it god this story's
frustrating let's get into it okay so
The Daily Beast reports that even though
she is against it she doesn't want to
raise too much of a stink because she
has other pressing issues that are on
her mind like what I know and the more
socially liberal factions of trumps
inner circle including his family
members and staffers Ivanka Trump and
Jared Kushner have been opposed to all
the anti LGBT initiatives of this
administration however they quickly
determined that their political capital
be spent elsewhere as one senior White
House official characterized it given
that their advice on LGBT issues has
been routinely overruled
if not overlooked by this administration
and President Trump something that I've
been seeing going around on Twitter is
during Pride Month when Ivanka got a lot
of flack for not speaking out she had
some sort of a weak-ass tweet of I
support my LGBT blah blah blah I'm an
ally and now this happens
and silence so I'm reminded of the
Harvey Milk quote hope will never be
silent that she is being silent so I've
got no hope for her Ivanka is just I I
don't know what to do with her at this
point well she was super insulted when
she was accused of being complicit in
some of the terrible things that Trump
is doing and okay so I guess now I
understand why she was so insulted it's
because she has limited political
capital and she just can't spend it on
things like protecting human rights and
making sure that people aren't
discriminated against in the military so
what are you good for like what's the
whole point of you being there because
the argument from you over and over
again is that you're gonna pull him to
the left on on some of these social
issues which by the way according to
Trump himself when he was campaigning
you didn't even need to pull him to the
left he was to the left of Hillary when
it came to the LGBT community which is
complete and utter and you guys
know that I just political capital okay
where's your political capital going
yeah so we have yet to see her win on
her so-called moderate position so if
she she's like the Democrats keeping
their powder dry she's got a lot of dry
powder I don't know when she's ever
gonna you
so look I'm super realistic about
politics so for example if she said look
no I'll just use my own example I think
we got to get money out of politics
before we do anything else cuz that has
a cascading effect on all the other
issues so if I said I'm prioritizing
that so that we could win on the other
issues well that would be a realistic
and practical political calculation if
you say I am saving my political capital
to spent elsewhere
well you're not telling me you're gonna
get to it you're not telling me that
it's a strategy to eventually win on
that issue what you're saying is I don't
really care that much about you
so maybe I theoretically care about LGBT
rights but not good anything about it
but you're in a position of power it's
you're not a random person in the middle
of New York so it's one thing if you're
not gonna vote or you're not gonna do
anything when you're a truck driver when
you're sitting right next to the
President of the United States who just
made this decision and you decide you're
not even gonna say one word about it
yeah then you don't get to say that you
care about LGBT people or their rights
and I know I know who Ivanka is okay I
know so many straight people who are
like I'm an LGBT ally but the T is
silent is what what they mean by that is
it's really fun to have a gay best
friend I won't do anything for their
rights but it's cute on television with
that I can have Carson Kressley on the
apprentice and like be buddy buddies
with him that's who she is she doesn't
give up she doesn't care about LGBT
rights because if she cared that this
wouldn't it just wouldn't have happened
and it's so frustrating
because she is just this beacon for
other people who can say I'm an LGBT
ally just like Ivanka but she's not you
know there's so many people who will say
don't you know Ivanka is an LGBTQ ally
no she's absolutely not she hasn't done
anything to prove that it's so much more
than just tweeting out your support you
can't be an ally and not take action
Ally ship should it should it's not but
it should be a verb you have to do stuff
you have to speak out and she's given a
golden opportunity to do that and her
silence is competing complicit sorry I
know you hate that word but it's your
SNL perfume and you're dripping in it
right now you are complicit absolutely
right one last thing she is not a normal
political player like Reince Priebus for
example
to be careful about his political
capital and he doesn't want to burn
bridges and Trump is crazy you never
know when he's gonna fire someone right
she's his daughter
yeah she is the person that he trusts
most and you can't fire your daughter
and he has shown no inclination he's
that she's the one pillar that he will
he has always actually supported so I
know my relationship with my dad I can't
imagine I don't care who he was or what
position he had that I've liked well I
don't want to burn my political capital
with my dad to say that hey maybe we
should you know treat it all America is
the same what a weird thing to say like
yeah hey Dad
don't do that LGBT right you are
Americans just like everybody else and
hey look at the case of back and other
people who serve in the military and
have purple hearts and Bronze Stars and
all that stuff what he's gonna be like
oh I just own you because you're forgave
people is that is your dad
that Monstress that he would cut you out
the one daughter the one person he seems
to trust because you dared to speak in
favor of gay rights once apparently
that's your impression of your dad
that's good why you chose to stay silent
cuz you thought well I'm you know that's
how much he hates gay people that if I
just say something to him I might get
out of cut out of his political
decisions if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
