the neighbors called police on some
black kids playing football and what
happened was the Buffalo police showed
up to join the game it was they called
because they were they said that there
was a noise disruption an officer
Patrick McDonald showed up and this is
what he did let's take a look at the
video so I just I wanted Claire right
because it was such a great line so he
had a great catch in there the cop did
and he said you already at the end he
said that because you want me to file a
police report cuz you just got robbed
yeah that is awesome
the video on Facebook has been shared
over a thousand times and it's actually
been celebrated by Buffalo mayor Byron
Brown who called it community policing
at its best he says quote I applaud
officer Patrick McDonald for turning a
nuisance call into a positive experience
for the community I am proud that he was
on the force and thank him for setting
an example of why we truly are the city
of good neighbors so I think I love this
story it's a positive one to end on I I
will say that if I were driving in that
neighborhood and there were some kids
playing ball on the street be like get
out of the street kids I don't think I
would call the police though it's
strange that someone called in a
nuisance right I don't know I know but
like homeowners are unbearable
I'm just keeping a 100 so whatever
someone's gonna call the cops it always
happens and the way that that cop
handled it was just so great and there
are good cops out there I mean we say it
all the time but you know there's a
perfect example so and and look when I
was a pen so we did a story about
skateboarders who were zooming down the
hills in San Francisco and that's your
potential danger for a lot of folks but
when I was a kid when we played kickball
in the streets in the in the suburbs
nobody called the cops and the cops
weren't like oh my god it's a national
emergency so the cop comes here in looks
at and goes this is not an emergency
nobody's in danger here they're just
playing the streets like we did when we
were kids
so he does the right thing here he used
human judgment god bless your heart of
course there's don't stereotype right so
yes I think police training is wrong in
a lot of ways and they overreact but
that doesn't mean all cops are bad
that's crazy and it also doesn't mean
all cops are good this story doesn't
mean that all the cops are Saints just
use human judgment so great job in this
case with this police officer qit
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
