Donald Trump has not stopped his attacks
on his own attorney general Jeff
Sessions in fact recently he decided to
continue tweeting about how upset he is
that Jeff Sessions didn't take action
against a specific member of the FBI so
he said why didn't Attorney General Jeff
Sessions replace acting FBI director
Andrew McCabe a Comey friend who was in
charge of Clinton investigation but got
dollars got big dollars sorry $700,000
for his wife's political run for Hillary
Clinton and her representatives drain
the swamp which is the most ironic way
to end that tweet by the way okay you
have a financier as your communications
person like you have Rex Tillerson as
your Secretary of see you want to know
about draining the swamp you are the
swamp but anyway let's focus on McCabe
for a second so he's refering to Jill
McCabe okay I didn't know the the deets
on this story but let me play it out for
you
so Jill McCabe was recruited to run for
a Virginia State Senate seat as a
Democrat by Governor Terry McAuliffe a
longtime Clinton confidante and
fundraiser so McAuliffe SPAC gave
McCabe's campaign $450,000 and the
Virginia Democratic Party kicked in
another two hundred thousand dollars
that doesn't equal seven hundred
thousand dollars but it's okay I'll let
Trump's badmouth pass for this for the
sake of this conversation Andrew McCabe
was the assistant director of the FBI
field office in Washington but he was
mostly focused on terrorism-related
cases okay also just keep in mind that
it's not Jeff Sessions decision to deal
with McCabe it's Trump's decision
well let's not under play so two small
thing and then two big things small
thing is couldn't didn't give her any
money you're right and now McCall it's a
small thing cuz McCall is a huge Clinton
ally so it's just it's splitting hairs a
little bit but he just keeps saying
Hillary Clinton gave them money why she
didn't okay so now the bigger issues I
mean before you tweet out why didn't the
Attorney General nominate a FBI director
of fire FBI direct
just
you asked you were the president can't
you just ask somebody and by the way who
does that type of thing and then they
could've told you hey knucklehead he's
not in charge that you're in charge of
that that's your decision
I know jank but it's like 6:00 in the
morning he hasn't gotten any sleep he
just finished tweeting about you know
banning trans people from the military
like he's busy you know like what do you
mean he's gonna go ask people come on
man and it's if if Obama had made that
kind of mistake
Fox would be running at 24 hours a day
the president doesn't even know his
responsibilities can we trust him to be
commander in chief he doesn't even know
who's appointing who can you believe
he's in office and I mean but this is
one of a thousand things that some moron
has done wrong so be looking to just
gloss over it like oh he's trying to
fire his own or get his own attorney
general to quit in the most bizarre
thing we've ever seen in our lives he's
against almost everyone in law
enforcement gee I wonder why okay
you know who doesn't like the cops among
others robbers they don't like cops I
don't know I'm just really tired of this
like you know environment of lawlessness
that's right hey blue lives matter okay
yeah and so if you go after your
attorney general was in charge of the
entire Justice Department and you go
after everybody in the FBI I mean you
think I mean you were in charge the
government right doesn't understand how
difficult Jeff Sessions job is I mean he
puts his life on the line day in and day
out to do what he does and Trump has the
audacity to criticize him like this yeah
so Doug anyway
now the the second big part of this is
he should just explain to you guys what
he's doing here first of all if you
didn't do anything wrong
why are you panicked about the Acting
Director of the FBI and the Attorney
General and the Deputy Attorney General
and the special prosecutor or special
counsel
why are you patting about everyone in
positions of authority that might
actually figure out what you did like
that's a weird reaction to have but and
you knew that from all the things that
I've been going over the last couple
days but in this particular case what
he's trying to do is trying to get
sessions to resign because he doesn't
want
to fire sessions because then he will
have fired Comey
and sessions and then he'll want the new
guy to fire Muller cuz that's his real
beef because especially council
investigating him well that looks like
what was called the Saturday night
massacre that Nixon did to try to stop
Watergate right and so he figures if
sessions resigns he could turn around
because he's known as a inveterate liar
then go ahead one sessions to resign
why didn't you I didn't do session so I
didn't do that
so she's resigned what can I do about it
okay so first let me just preface my
point by saying that I can't stand
either one of them okay sessions is a
bad guy Trump is a bad guy so please
don't think for a second that I'm trying
to defend sessions but the one right
thing that sessions did do was recuse
himself okay he was supposed to do that
and I'm glad he did that now with that
said I just I find it hilarious because
an official from the White House spoke
to the press anonymously and said that
sessions has no intention of quitting no
intention no it's so good it's so good
well so I love that because yeah it's
exactly what I would do I'd like listen
you want to fire me fire me yeah but I'm
not gonna do your work for you
yeah go ahead tweet all day idiot you
just making yourself look Dumber and now
conservative media is turned on Trump
and and they're backing sessions even
Breitbart is and now other Republicans
are starting to tweet in and put out
messages like Lindsey Graham did this
long statement like what are you doing
like Liz he's like Pete session Jeff
Sessions
is one of the most conservative guys in
the country we all really like him and
think he's deeply principle richard
shelby again from alabama he's like what
no I'm a session side
how many Republican senators can you
lose when you're facing an investigation
that apparently is scaring the hell out
of you in terms of what they're gonna
find at some point those Republican
senators turn back around and go hey
listen man you don't have the votes to
survive an impeachment and based on what
they found
so as usual a pathetically dumb strategy
by Donald Trump's what I told you is
just not smart enough to cut
what he did effectively and to be able
to survive this Mike Pence I mean I
think he's sitting in the corner like
salivating right now mmm like my day is
coming Oh Mike Mike Pence
that's a perpetual erection he's like
but his wife must be in the room okay
okay okay he's like oh my god he's like
every time he goes in the Oval Office
he's like looking at the drapes like
what color do I want these trips to be
hey which by the way is also terrifying
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network com /join
