Anthony scare Moochie Trump's new head
of the communications department in the
White House is now threatening to fire
everyone because of the fact that so
many leaks have been put out there in
the press in fact speaking of Politico
scaramouche II said I'm going to fire
everybody that's how I'm going to do it
you're either going to stop leaking or
you're going to be fired okay now what's
interesting about this is Michael short
who was working on Trump's campaign and
then left Trump's campaign and started
working you know in his normal job in
the dorrance at the RNC was heavily
criticized because he stopped working at
the Trump campaign and so scare Moochie
and and others who are supported with
Trump are assuming or speculating that
maybe short is one of these people who's
leaking all this stuff to the press and
so he was about to get fired right
except scare Moochie didn't get to fire
him before short found out about this
through the press and so in regard to
that scare Moochie says the following
this is the problem with the leaking
this is actually a terrible thing let's
say I'm firing Michael short today the
fact that you guys know about it before
he does really upsets me as a human
being as a Rand as a Roman Catholic oh
wow did you bring the Roman Catholic
dude work okay and by the way of course
it's his fault score Moochie in a
morning meeting talked about how he was
probably going to fire Michael short
well if you say that dude people are
gonna find out it's like when Trump goes
around threatening sessions and
threatening Comey and then finally
firing Comey what you kind of
telegraphed that one and then he turns
around good the way that Michael short
found out it upsets me is of the Roman
Catholic of course that's your mother so
but again I don't know if this will
surprise you but I'm a little conflicted
on this one okay I'm a little split on
it because if you don't want to enforce
discipline I know I know okay but here's
the thing everyone hates you guys right
and so go ahead fire everyone and and he
says that he's fine with that that he'll
fire everyone it'll go down
to just you know him and Sanders and
that's it right okay yeah good luck with
that but no matter what there are gonna
be people that are turned off by what
your administration are doing especially
when you consider the fact that there
are now hardcore Trump supporters people
who supported Trump through his entire
campaign and now they're starting to
turn on him people like Ann Coulter
writers at Breitbart right now these are
members of the media but you also have
you know members of the GOP that are
turning their backs on him and so if you
think that you're gonna do away with the
issue with leakers just by firing
everyone again good luck I don't think
it's gonna work out that way but
apparently a source close to scarab
Moochie said he's planning to bring in
people from the corporate communications
world in addition to conservative
broadcast stars oh so he's gonna go so
look here's what I mean when Trump first
came in he may basically made a deal
with the establishment Republicans he
brought in Reince Priebus who was not a
huge Trump fan in the beginning who used
to run the RNC to be his chief of staff
Reince Priebus brings in Sean Spicer and
a lot of the guys in the communications
department it is true that they are
leaking like a sieve so the Trump goes
okay I'm gonna get my buddy from New
York who talks like me and has the same
hand motions okay I don't know if you
guys have ever seen that video but it's
hilarious anyway
hey mooch come in here mooch and which
goes hey I'm gonna fire you all of youse
okay that's how we do it in New York
Soho
now Michael short says it's an absurd
that I was thinking that's not true he
probably was yeah you know obviously
we're speculating but I would probably
think that that was happening yeah and a
lot of rice guises are not loyal to
truck range so that's why I got mixed
feelings if I was in Trump situation I
probably if he did it and probably
anyway I would whoever did it I would
fire them right if I had some evidence
but Anna is so right on the core
argument and I maybe we shouldn't tell
if we're on Fox and Friends I definitely
wouldn't say cuz you'd be watching
anyway is that look if you knock off
enough lieutenants one day you're gonna
look around and go oh there's nobody
behind me so when your opponents come
for you you got no backup
so you can bring in all the Eric
Bolling's and I hope
do CA kill me I agree with that Beach
can you imagine kill me to the press
comes like uh I I don't know what's
happening it you can bring all those
guys and you could bring up with your a
bunch of guys from New York who
understands how the mooch works but it's
if if you don't have enough
institutional support within the
Republican Party it is going to that is
a decision you're going to greatly
regret support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
