after Senate Republicans voted on a
procedural vote regarding the
replacement for the Affordable Care Act
and that procedural vote passed with
Mike Pence breaking the tie they
actually decided to share their first
plan for Affordable Care Act replacement
and it failed spectacularly
so it failed because so many Republicans
members of the GOP actually voted
against it now Republicans brought their
first plan up for a vote late Tuesday
night and they watched it fail 43 to 57
in a procedural vote nine Republicans
joined Democrats to kill the better care
reconciliation Act so I want to quickly
list the Republican members that decided
to vote against it lisa murkowski who
also voted against the procedural vote
that allowed for more debate Susan
Collins Lindsey Graham Rand Paul bob
Corker Tom cotton Jerry Moran Mike
leading Heller all of those individuals
voted against it now I'm gonna go ahead
and guess for different reasons I'm
guessing that some think that the health
care replacement idea wasn't draconian
enough it's not a yes they're on the
record so Murkowski calls and Heller are
generally more moderate on this issue
right some are not on the record but
guys like Jerry Moran and and Mike Lee
are saying no was that conservative
enough we wanted bigger tax cuts for the
rich and less money for Medicaid so yes
and and by the way Mike Lee and those
conservatives Ted Cruz gave them a
vicious amendment in order to try to win
their vote which would allow you to you
would create a death spiral for health
insurance so that the young and the
healthy would you pay lower prices that
stuff'll insure I've said that from day
one right and anyone who gets sick would
pay astronomical prices for health
insurance
therefore defeating the whole purpose of
health insurance that's right and even
that wasn't enough for some of the
conservatives in the Senate going nope
still not enough not not mean enough for
us and they voted no so it law I mean
that 57:43 is not close in this one
since Ted Cruz amendment was
18 different fronts not just
ideologically but it does not allow them
to do a reconciliation bill even though
reconciliation is in the bill
so that's a complicated issue but boils
down to then you need 60 votes to pass
if you get past the filibuster for this
to pass and they only got 43 out of the
60 that they needed they got killed here
better than this legislation gets killed
and we get killed with day passes for
those of you who want a little more
detail into what this first proposal was
from the GOP it would have gutted more
than 700 billion dollars from Medicaid
and cut tax credits available for low
income people to buy health insurance so
you know for the more moderate members
of the GOP it's completely
understandable why they wouldn't want to
sign on to this legislation yeah and by
the way Rand Paul was in the group
saying not enough he wanted more cuts so
great libertarian Rand Paul
yay rich people TYT membership gets your
commercial-free Young Turks downloaded
stream it podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm slash join
