so a number of people are curious as to
whether Donald Trump is planning on
firing Jeff Sessions and if it happens
when will it happen and scarib Moochie
was recently speaking to the press about
this and he signs on to the fact that
maybe Jeff Sessions should be fired
take a look why not just fight I urge
enough sections I have enormous amount
of respect for the Attorney General but
I do know the president pretty well and
there's this level of tension in the
relationship that that that's public
you're probably right but I don't want
to speak for the President on that
because he's a cabinet official I don't
want to speak for the President on that
but yeah totally he's probably gonna get
fired yeah okay
so let's now so sessions is apparently
toast because he wouldn't cover up for
the president it's not his job and but
Trump doesn't even know that he thinks
like isn't this like my family business
when I used to do all those deals with
the Russian mob and the Italian mob and
then I tell people to cover up for me
otherwise they're fired I don't get it
that's I'm the boss isn't that what I'm
supposed to do okay so yeah no that's
not how it works they were all supposed
to serve the people which free tell him
that he's probably well that's funny
give they're lower than us that's pretty
much what he told the Boy Scouts told us
long story about a friend of his and he
said we all just successful people the
great people were there okay see he has
no respect for any of you so now he's
thinking okay now that I'm gonna get rid
of sessions because he won't cover up I
mean any somebody to fire Muller now if
they fire Muller that's gonna cause a
political firestorm
I don't know how government works I
don't know anything right but I just
know I want the cover-up who can I find
that has no morals at all and logically
he first looked to Rudy Giuliani but and
who's been a friend of his for a long
time but Rudy it turns out might
actually have some morals which came as
a great shock to me yeah
and Rudy says no Jeff Sessions did the
right thing he should have recused
himself Oh Donald doesn't agree with
that so he probably that's it you're out
Rudy we'll see but that's that was the
first round
second round ease now if you're looking
in Washington for someone who has no
morals at all where do you go some of
you have already guessed it Ted Cruz a
man who has no shame no bottom and and
will do anything for power so he is
apparently in consideration for this job
now Donald Trump be careful what you
wish for
you're right Ted Cruz has no shame in no
morals you'll come in and if you need
people fired you need to break the rules
Ted Cruz will probably do that for you
but remember he's just like you he
doesn't care about anybody but himself
so the minute he has a chance to Shiv
you and let you bleed out politically
Ted Cruz would love to do that so
there's that component of it which to be
quite honest I don't care about I mean
if if it's gonna lead to that type of
infighting have at it however what I'm
curious about is if he does choose Ted
Cruz as his attorney general what kind
of message does that send to his base
because I don't think his base likes Ted
Cruz in fact during the election while
they were campaigning and before Donald
Trump was the Republican nominee they
got into it quite a bit and it was
pretty vicious what his nickname for him
was lyin Ted and so you're gonna name
him you're Attorney General I mean how
is that gonna play to your base and look
I don't mean to insult your base but I
don't know maybe they'll buy into it
seems like they've bought into
everything else that he's done was thing
about it though if he had called him
lyin Ted over well over a hundred times
right
that was a nickname he gave and thinking
about Trump's state of mind and whether
he actually did do something wrong he's
like now I need someone who cover up for
me Oh perfect lyin Ted he's already a
liar then I'll just get him to lie for
me and remember how I broke him and then
he had to phone bank for me looking like
the biggest schmuck in the world
I'll turn him into it was a screech that
would Theon Greyjoy's character reach
get screech I'll turn them into Reid
and and I'll get the lying boy to life
for me
I already unmanned him anyway okay but
Ted Cruz is not reach Ted Cruz is a
little finger you put him into your
administration and at your peril
you you know so be careful what you do
so hey that'll be perfect it'll be
little hands versus little finger oh my
god
help us build an independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
