so Donald Trump looking to fire a Jeff
Sessions saying it publicly over and
over again what I was really curious
about is how is a conservative vote how
are conserved voters media and
politicians gonna react to this so and
because this is going to give you a
sense of whether well if he fires Muller
what are they going to do Republicans
will be facing a historic decision now
usually they are craven but this could
be their ass on the line too if if he
fires sessions then fires Muller
basically is declared I did it and I
don't want anyone investigating it and
if you allow that to happen
you've destroyed our democracy it's air
about that so and but what what they
might get and so we'll see we'll see the
the press always gives them the benefit
of the doubt they're all honorable
gentlemen we're gonna find out if
they're honorable gentleman then we're
gonna find out if they care about this
country or if they care about their
party and their power more but they
might also lose their power because at
some point somebody's gonna go alright
I'm leaking it here's the memo right
because this schmuck is too stupid to
cover it up right and so it's a terrible
idea that this does not end well okay so
but we got part of our answer today
which I was actually surprised by so I
thought that they would for the moment
being still close ranks and Coulter
attack Trump today saying wait what
happened I thought you wanted to stop
the Hillary Clinton investigation after
the campaign was over he said I don't
want to hurt the Clintons so she's
throwing that back at his face because
he's criticizing Jeff Sessions for not
going after Hillary Clinton interesting
okay that's a that's not as relevant cuz
aunt Coulter will say anything to get
attention mark and Levin huge supporter
of Donald Trump tweeted mr. president
stop tweet attacking Jeff Sessions
slightly ironic that he did it on
Twitter but anyway mark levin starting
to pull the chute on donald trump whoa
it gets better
Breitbart so bright parts Adam Shaw says
this old quote only serves to highlight
Trump's own hypocrisy okay on the issue
of Hillary Clinton then when you turn in
immigration they love Jeff Sessions
because he's
vicious against immigrants and so they
think that now Trump is not being
sufficiently conservative sufficiently
vicious against immigrants and not sure
lure the people who showed loyalty to
have that is all true
and then except for the part being
registered a immigrants he's
sufficiently vicious if you ask me okay
and then one more quote from Breitbart
sessions has fought in the trenches for
a tough line on immigration for years
back when Trump was pouring money into
the campaign coffers of Democrats who
wanted to open up America's borders oh
but damn did you just find that out or
is this new information you know what
I'm saying like you knew that while he
was running and they supported him
anyway
Breitbart used to be run by Steve Bannon
now chief strategist to the president
when the chief strategist outlet even
they turn on Trump saying no firing
sessions you've gone too far okay or
considering firing sessions so the jury
beginning to come in I'm sure that
they'll close ranks in some way but
right now Trump doesn't know the kind of
danger that he's in he thinks what's the
big deal
what did I get famous for firing people
remember on the apprentice I'd go and I
was a TV host and I'd go you're fired
people love that gets raised I'll do it
again I'll fire mother and I'll fire
sessions and I'll be fine and then
nobody can investigate me you schmuck
that's not how it works
somebody else will come in they'll also
investigate you they already had the
documents they'll leak the documents so
and if you've lost bright part what do
you got left help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm /join
