the Senate's had a procedural vote in
regard to the replacement plan for the
affordable care act and unfortunately
the procedural vote did pass with Mike
Pence breaking the 50/50 tie the two
Republican lawmakers who voted against
this procedural vote of course were the
two women who have been holding this up
Lisa Murkowski and also Susan Collins
now another thing to keep in mind is
that Senator John McCain decided to go
back to Washington in order to take part
in this vote and he did vote in favor of
it now keep in mind that this is
strictly a procedural vote meaning that
the Senate has agreed or has voted in
favor of allowing for more debate moving
forward in regard to a replacement plan
for the Affordable Care Act now can I
jump in on McCain immediately okay okay
videos of McCain you know giving a
passionate speech as well so we hash it
in in all the wrong ways so all right
you know what I'll start with a
Murkowski an counts bless their hearts
very rarely will a Republican senator or
any Republican politician actually vote
in a moderate way they love to claim the
title of moderate but they never act
moderate right but here's a rare case
and an important case where they
actually were moderate they say look
we're not going to strip away health
care from 22 million Americans we don't
vote YES on procedure we don't vote YES
on the bill and by the way we don't even
know what's in the bill this is the
insanity of this McConnell the leader
for the Republicans in the Senate said
yeah I'm not gonna tell you what we're
gonna put up I want you to vote yes I'm
proceeding to a debate Murkowski said
well what the hell are we debating I
don't know what I'm voting yet son and
he's like that's right I'm not gonna
tell you right so that's great context
for where your seat you're about to see
from McCain because this sounds
wonderful but it's actually in my
opinion horrible so Murkowski and
collins republican senators
deserve credit for doing the right thing
and protecting your health care and also
the right thing in terms of Senate
because none of the people who voted YES
have any idea what they're voting on
they have little
not seen the bill that is going to be
proposed all those years of their public
to say oh they didn't even read the bill
didn't even in this case there is no
bill McConnell said I'm not going to
tell you which bill I'm gonna put up at
what's in it I want you to vote YES
anyway on going forward on that debate
right as usual overwhelming majority
Republicans grotesque
and obvious and brazen hypocrites which
I hear all the time on TV all right they
never say that they call it 50/50 unless
is Trump right again just to clarify and
emphasize McConnell drafted this
legislation behind closed doors these
senators do not know what that
legislation entails however after this
procedural vote it essentially opens the
doors to as much as twenty hours worth
of debates where amendments will be
proposed and the outcome is unlikely to
be exactly the same as what McConnell
has drafted so I just want to make that
clear now with that said let's hear from
John McCain he did give a pretty
passionate speech during this vote we
Republicans have looked for a way to end
it and replace it with something else
without paying a terrible political
price we haven't found it yet and I'm
not sure we will all we've managed to do
is make more popular a policy that
wasn't very popular when we started
trying to get rid of it I voted for the
motion to proceed to allow debate to
continue and amendments we offered I
will not vote for this bill as it is
today it's a shell of a bill right now
we all know that I have changes urged by
my state's governor that will have to be
included earn my support for final
passage of any bill I know many of you
will have to see the bill change
substantially for you to support it
we've tried to do this by coming up with
a proposal behind closed doors in
consultation with the administration
then springing it on skeptical members
trying to convince them that it's better
than nothing that it's better than
nothing asking us to swallow our doubts
and force it past a unified up is
I don't think that's gonna work in the
end and probably shouldn't alright so
there he is he had some strong words for
people in the media who have chimed in
on this debate as well we'll get to that
clip in just a second yeah okay that was
total nonsense
he gave the speech to vote no and then
he voted yes he said we did this behind
closed doors we shouldn't do it behind
closed doors but I'm gonna vote yes we
don't know what's in the bill we should
know what's in the bill I'm gonna vote
yes well then you should vote no we
didn't work with the other party so we
shot a vote no but I'm gonna vote yes
and we should follow regular order this
vote was to make sure you don't follow
regular order in the Senate so I'm gonna
tell you all the reasons why I should
vote no so it sounds great and
knucklehead TV news actors will come out
and go McKenney oh my god John McCain he
came out like a hero and told us why we
should vote no and then voted yes so not
interested is he heroic for coming from
brain cancer and and speaking under
these situations yes yes for being able
to come out of surgery and get to the to
Washington I guess on an issue who cares
about although I guess he cares about it
maybe he doesn't know what he's doing
because that speech was of no vote and
to turn around and to vote in this
direction look I'll give him one more
piece of credit yes it's great that you
come out if you care about the issue
again it makes no sense because you seem
to care against this anyway the the the
second part is that he did campaign on
it he did say that he was gonna repeal
Obamacare and he's like whether I know
what's in it or not whether I'm and he
said I'm not promising to vote for the
final piece of legislation but I do want
to go forward on murdering Obamacare so
that's that's my heroic act here in the
center not only did he campaign on that
he has been a part of that effort from
the very beginning he has been against
the Affordable Care Act from the very
beginning he's been outspoken against it
and so it doesn't surprise me that he
voted the way that he did but I want to
hold for just a second because while I
agree that it's ridiculous that both you
know the Senate and the house
publicans of both the Senate in the
house continued to fight tooth and nail
for something that the vast majority of
Americans are actually in favor of the
vast majority of Americans actually do
like the Affordable Care Act especially
when it's you know presented to them as
the Affordable Care Act and all the
different components of it that they get
to take advantage of however its it's
not as alarming as them voting on actual
legislation that's not what happened
today
what they did was vote it was a
procedural vote which indicates that
they can move forward with debating this
issue and creating amendments to
whatever Mitch McConnell decided to
draft up behind closed doors they just
let me just clarify one more layer to it
though the reason that John McCain is
speaking passionately against the thing
he voted for is because he likes to do
things in regular order of the Senate
which is true he has been principled on
that except for his votes which are the
exact opposite of his principles anyway
normally what you would have is you
would vote to go forward on a bill that
you have seen that's right there is no
bill so we haven't seen it yet it's not
like they didn't get a chance to read it
it has not been proposed so that is not
regular order so John McCain stuck with
his principles he would have clearly
voted no so the way that I see this and
correct me if I'm wrong this is just my
perception this is just a lot of
political theater for me right because
because and sorry I jumped in already
but because they could have killed it
right here if John McCain just doesn't
show up or shows up and gives the same
exact speech and then votes as a speech
says we're done with it they can't even
proceed to a vote to kill Obamacare no
no I know I understand that right but
you're you're talking as if we have
senators that are interested in serving
the best interests of their constituents
which we know we don't right we have
senators and lawmakers who who do things
for political gain and so if you have
some members of you know some people who
voted for them their constituents who
think Obamacare is terrible right
without even really understanding how
many components of Obamacare have
actually helped them out if they voted
for these politicians with the thought
that
we're going to help get rid of Obamacare
well isn't that what they're doing here
isn't that what these senators are
attempting to do appear like they're
trying to dismantle the Affordable Care
Act when in reality this is a procedural
vote that doesn't really do much other
than open the doors for more debate yeah
so but then they there if that's what
John McCain thinks he's doing and being
cute
I voted on procedure and then he votes
later he has about one I'll take it if
he votes against the bill but - it won't
convince anybody anyway you're gonna
eventually have the real vote so I just
I don't think it does that much good
it's this in this is just them going out
there and saying yeah I promise to kill
Affordable Care Act which gives you
insurance and I'll do it even if I don't
know what's in there I don't know if
there's going to be a replacement at all
McConnell has not promised that it will
be replaced in any way shape or form I
don't know what's in the replacement if
one exists but I promise you that I will
destroy your health care that's what I
promise you in the campaign and that's
what I'm gonna deliver on so thank you
John McCain it looks like you had good
health head care though you're a US
senator you had great health care that's
why you could have that surgery and then
come right back
well if other people want to have that
health care it looks like you're gonna
vote no that Wow
heroism yeah and that goes back to you
know this lack of empathy that our
lawmakers have like they'll take
advantage of government programs that
are awesome you know he doesn't have to
worry about you know not having the
resources available to treat his
condition but he has no problem possibly
taking those types of benefits away from
the American people all right so there
was another portion of his speech that I
thought was super interesting he decided
to attack the media not in a trump way
but in just a fascinating way regarding
the divisive nasai and some of the
voices that we hear from so let's take a
look at what McCain had to say about
that stop listening to the bombastic
loudmouths on the radio and television
and the internet to hell with them
they don't want anything done for the
public good bar in capacity is their
livelihood let's trust each other let's
return to regular order
we've been spinning our wheels on too
many important issues because we keep
trying to find a way to win without help
from across the aisle that's an approach
that's been employed by both sides
mandating legislation from the top down
without any support from the other side
with all the parliamentary maneuvers
that requires we're getting nothing done
my friends we're getting nothing done
okay so wait let me tackle this so he
says
ignore the bombastic loud nuts yeah on
the Internet okay I hear you John to
hell with that little ironic but we'll
get past it he's just the guy that's
famous for bomb bomb bomb Iran that's
what he said this is the guy who's the
biggest war monger in the Senate so if
you're a little loud on the tea on TV
radio or the Internet oh you have been
uncivil to the elites how dare you you
bombastic loudmouth I drop bombs all
over the Middle East killed hundreds of
thousands of civilians grandmothers
babies aunts uncles children I all those
people are dead in Iraq because of John
McCain's vote they're dead all over the
Middle East because John McCain's votes
but Oh somebody was a little loud and
how they complained about his votes when
he's singing bomb bomb bomb Iran Iran is
a bigger country than Iraq we'd have 10
times the bigger mess in Iran but he
doesn't mind that maybe millions died
but don't whatever you do be impolite to
the Honorable ladies and gentlemen of
the elite Senate thank you very much for
your advice John McCain I'm gonna choose
to ignore that I think what you have
done is far far more uncivil look at the
boat you're doing here you said return
to regular order you voted against
regular order you said we shouldn't
squeak by we should have bipartisanship
you guys didn't ask for a single
Democratic vote you didn't include them
in a single set
that health care bill and you just pass
it 5250 was vice-president breaking the
tie it doesn't get any more frank
partisan than that you are an enormous
hypocrite and if it hurts your feelings
for me to point out that stone-cold fact
well then I've hurt your feelings there
you're gonna have to live with it but
what you're doing taking away health
care potentially from 22 million
Americans trust me hurts more than their
feelings help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
