a GOP official from Kentucky has been
arrested for indecent exposure in
Tennessee and also resisting arrest
david narramore is his name and
apparently an employee from the Belk
department store contacted police
when narramore rubbed his foot while
sitting in the bathroom stall next to
him and then proceeded to expose his
genitals let's hold okay so I didn't
know this is how folks rolls so this
like I imagine this is the same thing
Larry Craig did the Republicans Saturday
yes I remembered Larry Craig during this
did the wide stance he said no no no I'm
not rubbing this I'm not playing footsie
I have a wide stance they don't went in
to install so they're right they're
doing it with the feet right I mean he's
not on the ground like rubbing his foot
I finally look life is full of dots
right and it is your job to connect
those dots so dot number one Republicans
think that you can't allow transgendered
individuals to use the bathroom that
they identify with because of sexual
assault doubt number two there's a
number of GOP officials and politicians
who have gotten caught doing
questionable things in men's bathrooms
oh I get it
connect the dots since they do crazy
stuff like this they think that people
like bathrooms are just like breeding
grounds for sexual assault like I look
by the way I don't know if connecting
the dot there really makes all that much
sense because it's not like there's a
ton of cases with Republican men doing
this there's only the guys who got
caught because it doesn't even look it
doesn't even cross my mind to do
anything of that nature ever in a
bathroom or anywhere but no no I think
you're really under it Hannah like talk
to me I'm like why would it transfers an
assault you're in a bathroom why does
that make anything like a family it
occurred to me but but a lot of these
guys are going into bathrooms or feeling
guys up underneath the stall so then
they think like if I do it look of
course trans are gonna do and remember
they're at a minimum bisexual here and
so so they think oh I guess other people
within the spectrum would do like I
would know but they're not closeted they
don't hate themselves they don't need to
go as salt people on a bathroom
it can live freely you're you don't live
free and you're like oh my god what if
somebody catches me being gay so I'm
gonna grab my no dude's foot in the bath
no this is insane it's insane it's so
incredibly ballsy no pun intended right
because we're talking in both the Larry
Craig story and this story we're talking
about people in individual bathroom
stalls
and then we're talking about one person
being the aggressor without even seeing
that other individuals face and exposing
the generals I don't even know how that
happened over the top did he do it onto
the bottom did he sling it around
don't don't don't know don't want to
know it just happened so at that point
you know the the employee called the
authorities and managed to keep
narramore you know restrained subdued
until the authorities show up then the
authorities show up and he's resisting
arrest and so they end up tasing him
the Taser did not work and at that point
the cop punched him in the face to
subdue him and that didn't work and then
several other cops had to get involved
just to restrain him and so I ended up
getting arrested and he will face
charges but it's crazy he served as a
member of the state Executive Committee
of the state's Republican Party in
Kentucky as well as the Letcher Council
or County chairmen
so he is involved in politics GOP
politics in his state it's just crazy
how this story all went down so when
black folks resist they are said to be
resisting arrest these thugs you know
why don't you just listen to the cops
when the cops come you know what you do
you just get surrendered that's what you
do you just listen to their orders this
guy they're tasting to me is like what
ABS it pledged them in the face is like
no I don't think so
so they they got a tag along to the
ground look if you if these guys weren't
giant hypocrites it would be a sad story
it would be about how this guy is
desperately looking for love in all the
wrong places yeah I mean and literally
there's that part of it but also this
isn't about a guy
a Republican guy who's making moves on
another man this is also someone who did
something that's clearly illegal he
exposed his genitals to a complete
stranger you can't do that that's a
decent exposure so yes actual indecent
exposure
you know just whipping your dick out you
can't do that so next time you hear
we're probably talking about oh my god
we can't have any gay rights at all and
worried about what's happening in the
bathrooms think like wait why are they
worried about what's happening in the
bathrooms I don't know how many of these
guys are out there but for God's sake
get out of the closet
live as a free person it's supposed to
be a free country you'll be shocked at
how much you love it that way you could
actually expose your genitals to people
who want to see them right as opposed to
random dudes and bathrooms like hey look
at this
surprise Oh support independent media
come join us at the Young Turks TYT
Network calm /join
