the DOJ is likely to plan a crackdown on
marijuana both medicinal and
recreational marijuana and that is
according to new reports about Donald
Trump's task force on crime reduction
and Public Safety
now that task force is due to release a
report soon indicating how they plan on
tackling crime in America but task force
subcommittees will undertake a review of
existing policies in areas of charging
sentencing and marijuana to ensure
consistency with the department's
overall strategy on reducing violent
crime with and with administration goals
and priorities now that is a statement
from Jeff Sessions who of course is the
head of the DOJ and he has been on the
record countless times talking about how
terrible he thinks marijuana is how the
federal government needs to crack down
on states that have legalized marijuana
sessions sent a letter in May asking
congressional leaders to do away with an
amendment to the DOJ budget prohibiting
the agency from using federal funds to
prevent States from implementing their
own state laws that authorize the use
distribution possession and cultivation
of medical marijuana so I have more
details on this and interestingly enough
the only thing that could save us from
this nonsense is the fact that Trump has
seemed to kind of turn on Jeff Sessions
so who knows it seems like Jeff Sessions
might be on his way out and who knows if
that's if that's gonna have any type of
positive impact on this particular issue
so let's talk about their current plan
and then and there may be a little bit
of hope that this guy gets fired for all
the wrong reasons of course so that
means if your state legalize marijuana
they're like I don't care we're gonna
come prosecute you anyway oh eight
states have already legalized marijuana
for recreational purposes 21 states
additionally have said for medical
marijuana let go you need your state
decided states rights Jeff Sessions and
the souther and Republicans non-stop
talking about states rights because they
want to take away black people's rights
then they go up but the state of Alabama
has every right in the war
to treat blacks any way they like okay
now when you say 29 states have also
have states rights to do as their voters
demanded in their democracy now you
don't have any states rights we're just
messing around we just hate black people
so we want to imprison them for
marijuana and we want to take away their
rights in the south
states rights it's just a gimmick so let
me let me jump in real quick because
while I do agree that the issue of
states rights only seems to be raised
when it's convenient for those on the
right the reality is and this is another
thing that kind of gives me a little bit
of hope
everybody loves marijuana okay doesn't
matter if you're a Democrat doesn't
matter if you're a Republican everyone
loves marijuana a lot of people from
both political parties use marijuana and
so look this is anecdotal but I was
curious to see what right-wing
commentary on this story would be and
based on a lot of comments that I read a
lot of right-wingers were like no no
this is a states rights issue
don't touch my marijuana yeah I know I
know now now that they're getting high
all of a sudden they're back on this
issue but Scalia and for decades in the
decades conservatives were openly
hypocritical I don't give a damn about
states rights if I want take your rights
away and if I won't take your rights
away then I'm gonna use states rights as
a prop so okay for Republicans like Jeff
sessions who now say they don't care
about how your state voted they are
never ever allowed to say states rights
again because they don't believe it now
that gets worse so they want to explore
use of asset forfeiture more right they
want to amplify civil asset forfeiture
which you guys know what that is that's
when authorities will seize and possess
your property and your money in an
investigation if they suspect that you
either possess or are trafficking drugs
and a lot of times innocent people get
caught up in this and even if they've
never been charged they were never
convicted of anything there's no
wrongdoing whatsoever they have a very
difficult time getting their property
and their money back because it costs
resources to go to court and demand that
stuff back you don't automatically get
your stuff back if you're not even
charged you have to go out of your way
to
to convince the government to give you
your stuff back you know over 90% of the
cases they never get it back so if your
car has legal medical marijuana in 29
out of the 50 states and the federal
cops come in they go mop you legal to
you illegal to me I'm taking the
marijuana and I'm taking your car and
90% of the time you won't get it back
Jesus can you imagine if they stole your
car and that's what it would be
it is a theft by the American government
from American citizens by the way they
can come into your house you can have
legal marijuana in your house they'll
take your house they stealing hundreds
of thousands of dollars from you because
you had a legal joint in your house this
is a crime against the American people
upstairs who Jeff Sessions and these
backwards Republicans are and I think
the most shocking part about all of this
is the fact that the Keebler Elf doesn't
use marijuana like wouldn't you think
the Keebler Elf would be like oh well
bacon is cookies I don't know do you
know how Republicans are you think he
doesn't use it
who knows there's no way he does cuz I
feel like I feel like that would that
would change them real quick yeah I
don't know Anna it's oh there's no way
all those anti-gay rights Republicans
are actually gay no I know but marijuana
does things to you you know what I mean
yeah it's look there's no end to the
hypocrisy but so what one last thing
here nor Orleans Police Department
Superintendent former superintendent and
co-chairman of law enforcement leaders
to reduce crime and incarceration said
look what are we doing running after
America 104 it's like that's not what
could what's causing the violence of the
crime he said we know what it is is
crack powdered cocaine heroin and
opioids he said you know he's not soft
on crime he's like those drugs do cause
crime and and we should go after them
but you're telling me to take resources
away from that and put it into marijuana
which is legal in these 29 states and
chase after that and go grab both
people's property doing it this is crazy
so look if Jeff Sessions gets fired by
Trump it is not because of this Trump
doesn't mind this at all
he said that he would leave the states
alone on this
as always Trump pathological liar and
lied about in possessions in place
knowing exactly where Trump would only
get rid of sessions because sessions has
not covered up his crimes right on the
Russian front that's what he's mad about
but this if he did he got rid of
sessions it would be the one good thing
coming out of the Russian collusion
story that's true so but if for the
moment being this is the Republicans guy
he's the standard bearer he's that he's
the Attorney General so if you don't
want you know your pot the right to
smoke marijuana taken away as a free
American and citizen well then vote
against Republicans because there aren't
Democrats doing this is all the only
people left in politics who are on this
side now pretty much are the Republican
Party so if you vote for them and you
put you have sessions in place well then
don't come crying to us because we told
you he'd do it help us build an
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
