there's a new article out in the New
Republic which summarizes the work of a
lot of other publications as well
Financial Times New York Times etc as
you'll see in a second it is about
Donald Trump's connection to Russian
money laundering so it is not
necessarily about what happened in this
election it gives you background on how
long Trump has been dealing with the
Russia's and to what extent and what
illicit activities happened in his
towers connected to his businesses so
they Craig Unger who wrote the article
says look there's no smoking gun right
now and so hence a lot of people
defending Trump will go okay well that's
it then none of it matters at all well
listen watch the whole thing if you
think it doesn't matter okay that's fine
but understand that it is very unlikely
that any point from 1987 when Donald
Trump started working with the Russians
- now that Donald Trump would write an
email let alone an email that we could
discover right now without the help of
prosecutors who are working on it where
he would say oh by the way I will allow
Russian mobsters to launder money
through my casinos and hotels that's
smoking good it's an unlikely event so
the way you put together a case is by
looking at the context of totality and
yes you have to look at circumstantial
evidence okay circumstantial evidence
doesn't mean that it's not evidence
that's why the word evidence is in the
phrase it just means that there isn't
something direct telling you I Donald
Trump did do these shady deals so you
judge for yourself let's dive into it
and see what you think
Ungar explains even without an
investigation by Congress or a special
prosecutor there's much we already know
about the president's debt to Russia
well that's interesting let's find out
about it a review of public record
reveals a clear and disturbing pattern
and Trump owes much of his business
success and by extension his presidency
to a flow of highly suspicious money
from Russia now we're gonna give you
details on that you don't have to take
his word for it
over the past three decades at least 13
people with known or alleged links to
Russian mobsters or oligarchs have owned
lived-in and even run criminal
activities out of Trump
our and other Trump properties now have
you say look 13 guys with links to
Russian mobsters happen to be in some of
his properties he's got a lot of
properties I'm not sure that that's
enough well if it was 1 or 2 that
obviously be acquiesced that his 13
seems pretty high hold it's actually
dozens of Russian alleged links the
Russian mobsters that are all over his
properties those are just a 13 that we
know for a fact were brought up on
charges okay so now let's go through
more of this many uses apartments and
casinos to launder untold millions and
dirty money others provide a trunk with
lucrative branding deals that required
no investment on his part well that
seems curious doesn't it do people just
come up to you and give you a free money
for no reason at all unless of course
you're doing something for them well
a prosecutor from the reagan days has
been going on a long time kenneth
McCallion former assistant US attorney
again for deeply Republican Ronald
Reagan said about the Russians quote
they saved his bacon so if it wasn't for
the Russians Reagan prosecutors think
that Trump would have been done for
fascinating so back to the New Republic
it's entirely possible that Trump was
never more than a convenient patsy for
Russian oligarchs and mobsters with his
casinos and condos providing an easy
pass through for their illicit riches at
the very least with his constant need
for a new infusion of cash and his
well-documented troubles with creditors
Trump made an easy mark for anyone
looking to launder money so there Craig
Unger is being way too generous with
President Trump because he went bankrupt
six times he is an absolutely
incompetent businessman and in the midst
of one of his bankruptcies that Unger
explains in that in the longer piece and
by the way we'll have a link to it
description box you should read it for
yourself get all the evidence on he he's
in a world of trouble and all of a
sudden Russia has come in and rush in
and buy a bunch of apartments in the new
building that he's building all of a
sudden
he's back to not in trouble and so he
might have gone under right then and
there now you think he as overall
hundreds of Russians and dozens of them
connected to Russian mobsters are buying
up his properties he's just Oh golly gee
I didn't know that was happening
that the Russians come in and do that oh
I'm just an easy mark okay that is an
unlikely answer oh the only way that he
doesn't know is if he's the most
clueless businessman in the world
given how unintelligent E is there is
some chance of that okay
but overall you'll see here that there's
just so much and there's a mountain of
evidence connecting him he knew what was
going on so now if you're unconvinced by
reporters saying it well let's go to one
of the Trump family members Donald Trump
jr. back in 2008 of course knucklehead
that he is he doesn't know that he's
supposed to be covering this up so he
says quote Russians make up a pretty
disproportionate cross-section of a lot
of our assets we see a lot of money
pouring in from Russia oops
so if you're looking for a connection to
Russian money
well you don't have to trust me just as
Don Trump jr. because he said it in
public the other son also talked about
how the the golf courses that they owned
were also financed by the Russians
oops number two all right well if
they're just living in his towers and
they're laundering money and maybe golly
gee doesn't know but what if they're
using his assets for it
what if it was already proven in 2015
the Taj Mahal owned by Trump was fine
ten million dollars the highest penalty
ever levied by the feds against the
casino and admitted to having quote
willfully violated anti money laundering
regulations for years so it's not a
matter in the spirit they already
admitted that they if that they knew
they willfully violated these provisions
to launder money through Trump's Taj
Mahal okay the only way you can't
see what's happening here is if you
don't want to see what's happening so
now let's go to his other properties
throughout the 1990s untold millions
from the former Soviet Union floated
into Trump's luxury developments and
Atlantic City casinos but all the money
wasn't enough to save Trump from his own
failings as a businessman he owed four
billion dollars to more than 70 banks
with a mind-boggling 800 million of it
personally guaranteed he learned that
lesson the hard way later he stopped
personally guaranteeing it because he
realized oh damn I'm such a stupid
business guy if I guarantee it myself
again I'll bankrupt myself as well as
all the businesses that I have
bankrupted but so he's in a hole here
he's in a lot of trouble so what happens
thanks as bloomberg businessweek
reported earlier this year it wasn't
long before one-third of the units on
the new tower that Trump was building
the priciest floors had been snatched up
either by individual buyers from the
former Soviet Union or by limited
liability companies connected to Russia
now if you're saying hang keychain that
was back in the 1990s what does that
have to do with today remember Trump
keeps saying I've never done business
with Russia I don't know what you're
talking to Russia I don't have any
connections to Russia you've had
connections with them for decades and
they saved your bacon when you needed it
most partly by buying up all those
apartments and and if you're wondering
well this his connection to Putin go
back that far one of the guys who turned
evidence against the Russian mobsters
said that their connection to Putin went
back to 1994 and 95 so these two players
have banana for a long time now let's go
to one of the Trump World Tower sales
agents Deborah stoats
she said we had big buyers from Russia
and Ukraine and Kazakhstan yeah they all
decided to launder their money I mean
buy properties in oh that Trump Tower
wait it winds up being at almost all the
Trump properties Trump had found his
market day explained after Trump World
Tower open Sotheby's International
Realty teamed up with Russian real
a company to make a big sales push for
the property in Russia the tower full of
oligarchs says Bloomberg called it
became a model for Trump's projects
going forward so now he's like I got it
man just laundered their money you look
aside and and they buy up these
properties for me they saved my ass it's
a wait wait for me
maybe it's illegal to funnel that money
out of Russia not my business that's
their business okay by the way if you do
business with them it actually is your
business
Dahle lends a New York real estate
broker told USA Today does she sold some
sixty five units in Trump World Tower to
the Russians a local broker told The
Washington Post look at all these
different organizations that have
reported on this throughout the years
that one third of the 500 apartments
he'd sold went of Russian speakers so
many bought Trump branded apartments in
fact the area became known as little
Moscow now look guys selling a Russia
sphere say it's nothing wrong with that
and if it turned out that he's sold to
not five hundred but five thousand
Russian speakers but none of them had
any connection to organized crime and
nobody had ever been busted for money
laundering of course that's perfectly
fine is there it would be weird to
discriminate against Russians that's not
the issue here
hundreds sold the Russians dozens of
them connected to crime those are the
ones that are just proven and and the
ones that are being looked at by the
feds etc different stages of the
investigations for those so when you put
those two together you go oh if you
still say no it's all wild wild goose
it's okay that's hey listen man yeah
have at it Hoss you just want to see no
evil hear no evil that's your problem
not mine so let's go to now Sunny Isles
that's in basically Miami Beach that's
another Tower this one Trump didn't
build but he put his name on it and got
money out of it according to a Reuters
investigation in March at least 63
buyers with Russian addresses or
passports spent 98 million dollars on
Trump's properties in South Florida
what's more another one-third of the
units more than 700 and all were bought
by shadowy shell companies that conceal
the true owner
you don't conceal the true owners if
you're looking to do legitimate business
you do it when you need to move money in
and out and by the way if you're
wondering how does this game work and
it's not just Russia that does it
there's a lot of folks from China and
the Gulf that do it too let alone all
across the world if you are crooked and
you've gotten ill-gotten gains from your
people in whichever country you live in
you gotta get that money out because you
don't want to get it stuck there when
the next guy comes in finds out our
crooked uart well then he could seize
all your assets but if you wash the
money through America and you buy
properties then you go what assets what
do you chuck no no no I got nothing to
do with that I got all these legitimate
things here in America and so if you
overpay it doesn't even really matter
because you're just trying to get the
money out of the country so now again
there's credible reports about the
Chinese doing this in LA New York etc
but they're not connected to Trump the
Russians are very very very clearly
connected to Trump and he seems he'd
have to be at best enormous ly oblivious
but the fact that they did it through
Taj Mahal the fact that his family
admits that that the money comes from
Russia shows you he's not oblivious he's
part of this so last October an
investigation by the Miami Herald found
that at least 13 buyers in the Florida's
complex having the target of government
investigations either personally or
through their companies including quote
members of a Russian American organized
crime group so that's 13 guys that the
feds are investigating in just one of
his buildings and that doesn't even
include the shell companies to buyers
and Sunny Isles on a totally gulab chick
and Michael saw were convicted for
taking part in a massive international
gambling and money-laundering syndicate
that was run out of Trump Tower in New
York the ring according to the FBI was
operating under the protection of the
Russian mafia so connected to different
Trump buildings running it out of his
towers Trump Soho was a now known new
Tower in New York
Trump solo was the brainchild of two
development companies BAE rock group LLC
and sapper organization run by a pair of
wealthy folks that came in from the
former Soviet Union who had done
business with some of Russia's richest
and most notorious all ago
works together their forms may Trump an
offer he couldn't refuse the developers
would finance and build Trump Soho
themselves in return for lending his
name to the project Trump would get 18
percent of the profits without putting
up any of his own money now that's a
hell of a deal a couple of guys from
Russia come over and they go don't worry
Donald we put your name on it you don't
worry about who we sell to okay we give
you 18%
now look his name does have value he
can't get a certain percentage we're
putting his name on 18% is awfully high
why is it high partly to look the other
way now
if it turns out nobody in that Tower did
anything wrong and the guys that he made
the deal with didn't do anything wrong
you know okay well maybe he sounds high
to me but okay I guess this 18% you get
for the name good luck getting that deal
if you're anyone but guys dealing with
here that you're dealing with here
okay so let's look into the guys who he
did the deal with and see if anything's
wrong buckle up his this is first about
tammer sapper you know we told you about
sapper organization so all the two
groups that he did this Trump Soho deal
was well sapper his big break came when
he co-founded a company that sold high
tech electronics according to the FBI
sappers partner in the firm was a quote
member or associate of Avant clubs mob
in Brighton Beach no charges were ever
filed and Sapir denied having any mob
ties that's the FBI saying that it was a
member or associate of the Russian mob
but mean or no San Francisco I never
heard of the Russian mob why would
another coincidence unbelievable
yes quite literally unbelievable alright
sapper says it didn't happen everything
was done in the most legitimate way okay
so that's one of the partners the other
guy the other company was Barack this
abnormal let's find out about Bay Rock
Bay Iraq and his steals quickly became
mired in controversy of course they did
Forbes and other publications reported
that the company was financed by a
notoriously corrupt group of oligarchs
known as the trio that sounds great
in 2010 our
who runs Barack was arrested by Turkish
prosecutors in church was setting up a
prostitution ring after he was found
aboard a boat chartered by one of the
trio with nine young women two of whom
were 16 years old
well church authorities were shocked to
find out that those nine women did not
want to talk to the authorities if
you're involved in a prostitution ring
with the Russian mob
you're not very likely to talk so they
he skates out of that one now let's go
to more there's a lawsuit filed against
them Courtney no lawsuit filed that same
year by two former bay rock executives
so these are guys who had inside
knowledge of what happened at bay rock
Arif started the firm backed by the
oligarchs and money they stole from the
Russian people in addition the suit
alleges Barack was quote substantially
and covertly mob owned and operated
another shocking coincidence for about
the hundred and eighth time in a row
that Trump didn't deal was both sides
being connected the Russian mobsters boy
golly geez got some bad luck more about
bay Rock the company's real purpose the
executives claim was to develop hugely
expensive properties bearing the Trump
brand and they use the projects to
launder money and evade taxes mmm last
year after examining the title these
bank records in court documents the
Financial Times concluded that Trump
Soho had multiple ties to an alleged
international money laundering Network
now remind me again how there's no
evidence connecting Trump and the
Russians if you just care to look a
little bit there's a mountain of
evidence what they turn that
relationship into in 2016 is a different
question but anyone who tells you Trump
is not connected the Russians doesn't
know one fact about this case okay now
what daddy we haven't even gotten to the
worst guy yet okay
during his collaboration with Bay Rock
Trump also became close to the man who
ran the firm's daily operations at twice
convicted felon with family ties to
semion Mogilevich
I'm gonna get back to Semyon in a second
because he's the boss of bosses in the
Russian mafia but they're talking about
Felix Seder in this case who's connected
to it as simian
so in 1998 Seder pleaded guilty to
racketeering operating a pump and dump
stock fraud in partnership with alleged
Russian mobsters that built investors of
at least 40 million dollars to avoid
present time Sater turn Informer but
according to a lawsuit against Barak he
also resumed his old tricks by 2003 the
suit alleges Sator contributed so the
majority of barack shares and proceeded
to use the firm to launder hundreds of
millions of dollars while skimming and
extorting millions more so I don't get
confused
that's three that's not the same man
that's three different guys from just
the Trump solo deal which are different
than the 13 guys the feds were
investigating the sunny isles deal which
are different than the dozens of guys
arrests as some whom were arrested and
investigated in Trump Towers Trump World
Tower and the list goes on so when
there's Tamir separ teyfik Arif and
Felix aider in the in the Soho deal so
let's find out more about seder and his
connections to Trump because that one of
the defenses they'll make is oh no no no
I
these guys are tangential they have no
direct connection to me okay great
by Cedars account is sworn testimony he
was very tight with Trump he flew to
Colorado with him a company Donald Jr
and Ivanka on a trip to Moscow at
Trump's invitation and met with Trump's
inner circle quote constantly in Trump
Tower he often dropped by Trump's office
to pitch business ideas he said quote
just me and him when they asked Trump
about this the guy seems to know
everything about you you guys are
constantly talking business you did do
business with him you did a whole yeah
so Trump solo thing with him he says I
don't know him very well
but I don't think he was connected to
the Mafia no wait wait wait wait
which one is it you don't know him very
well oh he's not connected to mafia if
you asked me about Jim Jablonski
is he connect to the media mafia I'd be
like I don't know Jim Jablonski I
wouldn't say I don't know Jim Jablonski
but I definitely know he's not connect
to the mafia wouldn't that be an
incredibly weird thing to say if you
don't know the guy I think maybe you
know the guy a little bit then you
certainly know he is good well let's
find out if he's connected or not
in 2010 Seder was even given an official
Trump Organization business card that
read Felix H Seder senior advisor to
Donald Trump she didn't make that up on
his own the Trump Organization gave it
to him
Trump's our host hater so whose hater I
don't know Seder but he's definitely not
guilty Stephanie I don't know say -
though here Seder have a card saying
you're a senior advisor to me there's no
evidence connecting Trump to the
Russians are you kidding me
there is an iceberg of evidence okay now
let's go to unit 63 a it's in a
different building now okay
unbelievable in addition you to 63 a
condo directly but below one owned by
Trump so this is Trump Tower it's
directly underneath them served as the
headquarters for a sophisticated
money-laundering scheme that moved an
estimated 100 million dollars out of the
former Soviet Union through shell
companies of Cyprus and in the
investments in the United States the
entire operation prosecutors say was
working under the protection of alum
some tooked condo off whom the FBI
identified as a top Russian for that is
a made man closely aligned was oh there
is again semion mogilevich sorry for the
horrible pronunciations of the Russian
names but let's remember by the way
they're running through shell companies
in Cyprus you want to know who ran the
Bank of Cyprus Wilbur Ross Commerce
Secretary for Donald Trump what an
unbelievable coincidence yet another one
sanctions against Russia affected mainly
one company in America and a half a
trillion dollar deal Exxon Mobil the CEO
of Exxon Mobil Oh Rex Tillerson the new
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson now
says well if we're not lifting sanctions
I might leave
gee I wonder
direct felissa was there I can't quite
figure it out okay so it does come all
the way to present day by the way if
you're wondering who Mogilevich is real
quick at the top of the sprawling
criminal enterprise was semion
mogilevich beginning in the early 1980s
according to the FBI the short squat
Ukrainian was the key money-laundering
contact for the solstice kiya Bratva or
Brotherhood one of the richest criminal
syndicates in the world
Trump is dirty his ol Enterprises built
on this third alright so now let's go
back to the final mobster that was
mentioned there token wolf okay so they
find out that he is doing illegal money
laundering he runs and he's in the wind
in unit 63 a they are arrested everybody
but the top guy there and they can't
find him so for the next seven months
the Russian crime boss fell off the
radar
of the Interpol which had issued a red
alert then in November 2013 he suddenly
appeared live on international
television sitting in the audience at
the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow
totes cotton off was in the VIP section
just a few seats away from the pageant
owner Donald Trump what Russians I don't
know what do you mean Russians when they
asked Trump about the Russians he said I
tweeted out did I have no dealings with
Russia
you have no dealings or the rights yet
he has all the dealings in the world
with Russia read the New Republic piece
go and read the links to all those other
articles from Reuters Financial Times
Bloomberg there is all the evidence in
the world that Trump and Russia have
been doing business and yes very much
illicit money laundering business for a
long long time now whether they can
prove that today will determine whether
Donald Trump finishes his term and
whether affected the 2016 election will
be the critical question but did he
ideals with Russia da
apps of freaking lutely if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
