so it turns out the Democratic Party
after losing to Donald Trump at a 37
percent approval rating on the day of
the election realize oops we might be
doing something wrong oh right we also
lost the house in the Senate a 69 out of
the nine nine state legislators oh right
we're total miserable failures let's
find out why it's not a real earnest
effort because they're still gonna do
what their donors say but let's take a
look here Associated Press reports
Democrats think of themselves as a party
of working people and we're surprised
when Trump was able to steal
working-class voters from them they
subsequently figured out that voters
don't know what the party stands for and
the new effort is aimed at changing that
so they've got a new effort so you're
surprised to find out that you work for
your donors and the voters don't like
that okay
well we told you and you told us to shut
up and go away and that we should just
bow our heads to the Democratic Party
and Hillary Clinton okay well I'm glad
you found that so what are you gonna do
about it let's go to Chuck Schumer on
this week we're gonna have tomorrow a
very novel idea of how to create 10
million jobs there are 10 million
Americans looking for good-paying jobs
we're gonna show them how to find him
and that's just the beginning
week after week month after month we're
gonna roll out specific pieces here that
are quite different than the Democratic
Party you'll heard in the past we were
too cautious we were too namby-pamby
this is sharp bold and will appeal to
both the old Obama coalition let's say
the young lady who's just getting out of
college and the Democratic voters who
deserted us for Trump the blue-collar
worker some may wonder dynamics George
is our strengths okay that sounds pretty
good I'd love to have 10 million more
people working it that was in the
details so are you gonna fight for $15
minimum wage what that's a layup that's
super easy at this point the whole
country's headed in that direction I
didn't see it in the plan I I might have
missed it but watching the press
conference it's just like oh we're gonna
get your training we're gonna get your
help but no no tell me how you're gonna
create 210 million jobs okay all right
that's jobs but overall I'll kind of
take it we're on the right Road let's
find out about health care what's their
plans they're something
else that Republicans have often
supported which is reinsurance proposed
by Tom Carper and Tim Kaine and Claire
McCaskill's proposed something in the
bear counties ba re you can if you can't
get insurance in those counties you can
get the same kind of health insurance we
get then we're going to look at broader
things single-payer is one of the that
is a static air well sure many things
are on the table Medicare for people
above 55 is on the table a buy into
Medicare is on the table buy into
Medicaid is on the table on the broader
issues we will start examining them once
we stabilize the system so makes news
there look I love that he's talking
about our Medicare buy it I love that
he's talking about Medicare for bringing
that down from 65 to 55 so you guys can
be part of it I think we should all be
part of Medicare and I love that we got
Chuck Schumer to say the word
single-payer on national television that
well done that's you guys I'm gonna
explain in a second why that's you guys
and how you got that done because there
is a real story behind that on the other
hand on the table doesn't really mean I
support it it means thinking about it
and propose something less let's keep it
real and then at the end he said
Democrats and Republicans who will have
different ideas should sit down and talk
about how we can improve the health care
system mmm no not interested so what are
you gonna agree to what the Republicans
I've seen all of their proposals on a
health care none of them lead to more
coverage or lower prices except for the
rich and the young who are healthy and
and or lower premiums or or more things
covered in your insurance so what are
you Tony Republicans for know if you
think we're always gonna agree when you
want single-payer or Medicare for all
then I got agree to any of that so after
all the talk about all the wonderful
things you're gonna do then you turn her
on at the end
I hope he's just saying it as a talking
point like oh sure I'm bipartisan but if
he means it and at the end you go and
compromise with Donald Trump on health
care and it is so far removed from
single bear it's preposterous I so I
don't know if they've learned any
lessons so I have a simple idea let us
buy into Medicare for God's sake
it's not only the right thing to do look
at how popular it is The Economist and
YouGov did a poll they asked are you in
favor of federally funded health
insurance system covering every American
government-run health care federally
funded they were probably tell me that's
gonna be unpopular right wrong sixty-one
percent say they're in favor of that 61
percent one federally funded health
insurance how easy is it Chuck to go on
TV and go yeah I'm in favor would
sixty-one percent of Americans want
that's a layup yeah
maybe kind of but all that goes here
with Trump oh okay
how about Medicare for all the very
specific proposal Bernie Sanders has
John Conyers has in the house Medicare
for all well again Republicans say can
people don't want that wrong sixty
percent say yes we want Medicare for all
with a lot of them being strongly in
favor of that look you know what
Medicare pulls that if it sucked then we
wouldn't want it it turns out it works
pretty damn well it pulls it seventy
seven percent seventy seven percent let
us in let us in you've got a government
program that is incredibly popular
that's working well does keep costs low
in fact if you allow us to negotiate
drug prices which to be fair to Schumer
in the Democrats they say we should do
those I see one of their best proposals
if you allow us to do that Medicare
would be even cheaper let us in let us
in so these like the Democrats I mean he
talks about not being namby-pamby and
then he little step towards maybe we're
being on the damn boat okay so like I
told you there are Democrats who are
much bolder John Conyers introduced
Medicare for all in the house and and
then just Democrats jumped in and so to
the nurses union and we shot up the
number of co-sponsors that it has here's
John Conyers tweet thanking the people
that were involved we now have 80
co-sponsors for HR 676 Medicare for all
thank you for all the support our
support our work is not done yet and he
thanks just Democrats and
the nurses there and so that was when
they were at 80 they started at 72 went
to 80 he was very excited you know how
many co-sponsors they have now a hundred
and fifteen you guys did that
you know because just Democrats what is
it all it is is you guys just Democrats
said hey you should support Medicare for
all Conyers bill and we did a petition
on that you guys signed the petition and
then you went and asked your Congressman
and all of a sudden the Congress feel
like we're put on the spot
we should obviously be for Medicare for
all Medicare poles at 77% okay fine I'm
a co-sponsor look anybody who comes
great I don't care how you came
wonderful we'd love to have you okay
the other thing is all of a sudden just
Democrats running primaries against
Democrats look at this
the guys who tell us primaries they're
no good they're like yeah I might lose
get Medicare for all of course Medicare
for all sure you did that you got Chuck
Schumer to say single-payer is on the
table which he hasn't said before so
great work keep going just Democrats
calm make sure you've got more
co-sponsors on a pill make sure we got
all the Democrats in the house on that
side and in the Senate there's only a
couple of senators right now Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren and some others
are flirting with it we need a lot more
co-sponsors in the Senate so keep on
going by the way if the Democrats are
looking for ideas don't worry we have
them go to just Democrats that calm
slash progress so this is the summer of
progress and by the way this is not just
justice Democrats this is also our
revolution as seventeen groups overall
so they have very specific ideas eight
different ideas on exactly what we
should do is this for the Democratic
Party and they are not unclear and one
of them is definitely
Medicare for all a $15 minimum wage no
not namby-pamby talk very specific talk
seventeen kick-ass progressive groups
working together saying these are our
ideas so go check out what those ideas
are sign that petition and send a
message to the rest of the Democrats
stand up stand up in fact last thing for
you guys this Thursday if you're in
Washington DC
the
a press conference that john conyers is
going to roll Cana is going to just
Democrats are putting together it's a
capital view at 400 here's the address
444 North Capitol Street Northwest it's
at 11:00 a.m. Eastern on Thursday this
Thursday go there show your support put
pressure on Democratic congressmen to do
the right thing and to support Medicare
for all let us into Medicare final word
goes to wrote kana who's gonna be at
that press conference he says well the
first person who rose in 2020 ought to
say to Donald Trump is you promised the
American people more benefits less cost
more coverage and you didn't deliver you
know as well as we know that the answer
is single-payer so why are you not
supporting Medicare for all that's a
great attack and a great message and as
I showed you the polling indicates that
is absolutely right so Democrats if
you're looking for ideas we got plenty
of them so let's all get together and
fight for the right causes and specific
causes no more loose talk get real and
step one is stand up for Medicare for
all let us end young turks if you like
this video you love the whole TYT
Network check it out at TYT Network comm
slash join
