I want to start off with an awesome
piece that Mother Jones did in regard to
a publishing house that publishes books
for people like Ann Coulter and Michelle
Malkin and Newt Gingrich obviously this
is a publisher that loves to put out
books that don't tell the truth
and so Regnery is the name of this
publishing house and what Mother Jones
found about Regnery is super interesting
because apparently the heir to this
publisher is funding right-wing
extremists like Richard Spencer and
other people who consider themselves
white supremacists super interesting
so William H Regnery ii is the person
that we're having a conversation about
and apparently he's the nephew of
Regnery publishing founder Henry Regnery
and has for years been terrified of
whites becoming a minority in the United
States to combat this he has generously
funded several white supremacists think
tanks and figures such as Richard
Spencer so that's an excerpt from Ross
story but you guys should definitely
check out the full piece from Mother
Jones and they specifically talked about
this one instance where Regnery gets
together with Richard Spencer and they
plan on having some sort of get together
meetup in Hungary after they had elected
you know a right-winger and so they
wanted to kind of like gather people
together and start pushing for this
white movement okay and so the
authorities there thought that this was
a CIA operation that they were sending
these crazy right-wingers into their
country to get dirt on people in their
country and then they would use that as
you know material to extort them in some
way it was just insane like conspiracy
theory that didn't really hash out so as
a result when Richard Spencer showed up
in 2014
authorities immediately sent him back to
the United States and then he decided to
try to re-enter the country with a train
and then they caught him and then sent
him back to the United States again so
that's super interesting but what you
should
is that Regnery is really worried about
whites becoming a minority in the
country and he wants to do something to
stop it well guess what I Got News for
you
bill Regnery it's gonna happen yeah
right that's inevitable the alarming
part about although it's a great story
you're right from from other Jones that
everybody should read it but the the
propagandizing of white supremacy the
legitimizing of it through you know
funding these thing the National Policy
Institute like again that's a oh I'm
interested in these figures from the
National Policy Institute it's a great
name I can't believe it wasn't taken
right and now it's just it's just it's
the white Citizens Council in
Mississippi that Trent Lott by the way
was either a member of were spoken front
of was just to give you an idea again
this current rant of Republicans and
their leaders so this is a dressing up
of white hate that's that's all this is
yes right there are plenty of legitimate
conservative think tanks that think
conservatively this is another thing
altogether and and the danger is and the
tragedy of it is is that the mainstream
right-wing has not stood up and
repudiated this and broken away from it
in any way they that's right
well what I wanted to bring up and the
reason why I say lately they haven't is
because in the beginning they did so you
know the Reg Murray's were very much in
line with establishment Republicans for
a very very long time and then at some
point you know a William H Regnery ii
decided I don't care about being
accepted in these establishment circles
right I like the more extreme members of
the right and that was when he started
to align himself with people like
Richard Spencer and in regard to Richard
Spencer he said the following about him
I am now persuaded that with your
courage the alt-right side of history
will prevail it's amazing I mean the
embracing of of that extremism is is
going to be at the end of as Ben says at
the end of it all is going to be
probably disappointed but the problem is
getting to the end of it all there could
be a lot of pretty nasty moments along
the way in these pockets of white
extremism are all over the country I
used to think they were just
concentrated in the deep south certainly
that's where they had a pretty
significant Genesis but they do exist
nationwide and and you read a story like
this there's so much great stuff being
done by Mother Jones and this is yet
another great story and it's yes it's a
lot of shocking yeah I still don't I
don't think that this is as widespread a
problem as as as we're led to believe in
part because they're successfully
propagandizing and a more effective way
than they have like they know they're a
infinitesimally small group but they've
got money and they start a think-tank
and then inevitably will take them
seriously okay you know I don't know man
I don't know and obviously the you know
the there are organizations that track
this that are much better suited to
answer these questions sure I and and
and I respond a little bit to the optics
which are associated with you know this
many people showed up to this a white
power rally and they seem to have them
all over the freakin country and they
always look like a pretty significant
number I mean usually a couple hundred
but they also are met with counter
protesters and in a couple hundreds oh
well there's no question there's a
greater counter protest and there is
protests but that is to say there's a
greater counterbalance to that white
power Lobby is good okay
I'm white okay I uh I feel pretty good
about myself like I don't I don't feel
threatened by being a minority right
like I don't feel like I don't sit like
in bed at night like rocking back and
forth thinking about the numbers like oh
my god what percentage of the United
States is white oh my god what person
like it's just super weird to me how
afraid they are of you know people who
aren't white and I here's a statement
from Regnery that I just amazed me
he said worse a flood of immigrants were
changing the look of America from a
palette of prime colors to a third-world
monochrome don't see it that way dude
that's really what's going on here
though this is a part of the
America great again world which is that
it was so much better when it was just
all one color and that color was white I
mean I don't mean to state it too
startling but really that is what's
going on here the good old days remember
the good old days before all the
immigrants got here and they're all
these different languages and you know
this this mall has all these different
kinds of ethnic foods I mean remember
the good old days with the general store
and everybody drove a forward or a Chevy
that's what's going on here this is an
outgrowth of that so when I hear that
make America great again thing I I think
that appeals to these people who want to
make America that way again and also
this is a thing you'll see it when
people have been in power and it's the
kind of people better in power
it says they like to oppress other
people so they assume everyone's like
them so my god have we end up being the
minorities you know what they're gonna
do the same thing that we did and I
think they're gonna get oppressed or
beaten down or enslaved so yeah where
their mindset is they think oh my god if
I'm not the ruling class based off a
race then suddenly they're gonna do it
to me cuz they think everyone's just
like them that's a bad point
you know we I just don't necessarily
think that it's a big group of people
but look how vigorous their movement is
when you look at the politics of it and
if you see that as a broader thing
that's being reinforced at the highest
levels of government in this country
right now then all of a sudden they
don't need to be huge numbers I wish we
had somebody who I would love to talk to
somebody from the Southern Poverty Law
Center because they track this and I'd
be totally curious well you know they
track thee yeah but more importantly
like how much does it matter you know
the reason I brought up the white
Citizens Council because the Klan
recognize that we can't run around with
sheets over our heads people think we're
clowns right racist clowns
let's pause shirt shirt shirt and tie
and let's call it the white Citizens
Council and you know they'd have a
better name for it now that wouldn't
call it the white Citizens Council but
call it the Citizens Council right and
and let's clean it up right and we'll
still do the damage that we want to do
but we'll do it under the we'll make it
look
official will make it look clean we'll
make it look nice and we'll make people
who won't support the Klan feel more
comfortable supporting us and I'm
curious what the National Policy
Institute of white Nationals think-tank
and what guys like Richard Spencer who's
affable and presentable and wears a tie
and we don't see him marching down the
street with a swastika tattooed to him
right he looks presentable what does
that do to the movement how much more
Dane what is that is that worth a
million people is that worth two million
people like the propaganda everybody's
better propaganda right now except the
Democrats and and and part of the people
who are better at this propaganda is
this is this movement and it's a and and
propaganda is dangerous and they know
what they're doing and having a
publisher in their pocket only helps
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
