so now that we know what's in the the
letter with the sexual assault
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh the
question remains why was it concealed
for as long as it was only coming out
after massive public pressure a big
write-up in the intercept and all of
that well apparently the woman who we
don't know the identity of approached a
congresswoman and also Dianne Feinstein
so back at that point as the ranking
minority member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee earlier this year Feinstein
was preparing to lead Democratic
questioning of Kavanagh during his
confirmation hearing the woman contacted
Feinstein's office directly after the
interactions with congresswoman Eshoo
and Feinstein's offices the woman
decided not to speak about the matter
publicly she had repeatedly reported the
allegations to members of Congress and
watching Kavanagh moved toward what
looked like an increasingly assured
confirmation she decided to end her
effort to come forward a source close to
the woman said so it looks like she
really tried wasn't able to convince
them the media for months now has given
up on any sense of anything other than
the inevitability of Kavanagh Feinstein
apparently at one point had said that
she had a source familiar with the
committee's activities said the
Feinstein staff initially conveyed to
other Democratic members offices the
incident was too distant in the past to
merit public discussion and the
Feinstein had quote taken care of it on
Wednesday after media enquiries to the
Democratic members multiplied and
concern among congressional colleagues
increased Feinstein agreed to brief the
other Democrats on the committee so I
don't know what taking care of it means
yeah hold the woman that it wasn't going
to happen ignored it yeah so there's a
couple possibilities here one was a
genuine interest in protecting the woman
because she did not want her name
revealed and Feinstein being politically
savvy would know that at some point
there's an excellent chance her name
would be revealed and she would be
viciously attacked so that is possible
that is what she she put out a statement
later today saying that she wanted to
conceal a woman's identity
another possibility is she just thought
it's not right to go that far back into
the past
hence the it was too distant I mean it's
her office talking about that right she
just she's old school
she is old school right yeah and she
thinks we can't do that to the guy and
and remember there's a little bit of a
clip not a little bit a lot of a club in
Washington where they yeah they're
technically on the other side but come
on let's all be civil to one another
it's not civil to go back and do that to
someone of an allegation that far in the
past there's a third possibility is that
she thought it's not gonna play well
politically like maybe we get Kavanagh
maybe we don't get him but this anger is
a lot of conservatives who see you're
going all the way back to high school to
do this to this guy etcetera I don't
know which one it is but the two distant
lines did lean obviously towards the
second option if these allegations are
true he attempted to rape someone like I
don't care how old school you are this
is not you know George HW Bush grabbing
someone's butt and making a cop-a-feel
joke
this is attempted rape it's serious okay
I sorry forgot about that yeah anyway um
so I don't get it's and by the way oh
it's it's gonna anchor the Republican so
what it's so devastating that she
continues to be a senator a Democratic
senator in California
she's just who cares if you upset
Republicans who cares
she might have look man you know I got
no love for flights and anybody who
watches the Arcturus knows I think I
have ever on my watch list on down take
a calm like who people I want to make
sure lose at some point in their careers
but we have to be open to the
possibility that she really thought if I
tell the other Democrats her name is
definitely gonna get out and then and
then a world of hurt will calm down upon
her from the Republicans so all those
options are are possible but if she held
it for political reasons or because she
wanted to protect Cavanaugh because he
thought it wasn't fair that's real bad
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
