whether you're on the left or right of
the aisle everyone agrees that teen
pregnancy is a problem unless you plan
on actually walking down the aisle first
for our more religious friends
regardless whether through comprehensive
sex education and access to
contraception or abstinence only
curriculums that don't work both sides
would like to reduce the number of
eligible cast members for teen mom but
it appears our ratings for reality TV
star in chief wants to keep our
country's real-life version of the show
going that's because last week President
Trump quietly and swiftly slashed over
200 million dollars in funding for
programs and research to help prevent
teen pregnancy now if that 200 million
dollar number sounds familiar it's
because it was only two months ago that
the Trump administration invested over
200 million dollars in accident only
education programs wonder how they
balanced the budget their health
secretary and reliably anti woman
stalwart Tom Price along with the
contraception skeptic I didn't know that
condoms were a conspiracy theory head of
public affairs for the Department of
Health and Human Services Teresa Manning
notified 81 programs that the five-year
grants they received back in 2015 would
expire next year two years short these
programs from organizations like Johns
Hopkins University and Chicago's
Department of Public Health we're
working to help young women avoid
unintended pregnancies through
evidence-based research and evaluation
they worked to prevent teen pregnancy
but also curtailed the incidence of
sexually transmitted infections and
risky sexual behaviors to create a
healthier youth population with greater
opportunities for achievement and
success and they were on the right track
even though America's teen pregnancy
rate is higher than any other Western
developed country the birth rate fell by
8 percent from 2014 to 2015 among women
ages 15 and 19 and the CDC attributes
this trend to increased use of
contraceptives which are part of a
comprehensive sex education and are
surprisingly not included in abstinence
only programs guest Teresa Manning
theory on birth control should be
wrapped up cutting funding for these
programs will inevitably increase the
number of teen moms something even teen
mom has managed to avoid teen pregnancy
in child birth doesn't only affect
the young women who have higher
high-school dropout rates and are more
likely to end up in poverty but it
affects their children who are also more
likely to drop out of high school have
more health problems be incarcerated
during adolescents and experience higher
rates of unemployment now if that's not
enough to convince you that cutting
these programs is an assault against
women and human rights then maybe the
fact that teen pregnancy and childbirth
account for nine point four billion
dollars in costs to US taxpayers will
sweat you but even those costs the
American people won't sway the Trump
administration on this issue and that's
because they don't actually care about
teen pregnancy and the disproportionate
effect this move will have on women and
people of color which I guess shouldn't
surprise us since it's par for the
marlowe go course at this point all this
administration cares about is sticking
to their fundamentalist ideology which
allows them to ignore the scientific
evidence that these programs work unlike
abstinence only education not to mention
that considering the dramatic upside of
improving the lives of countless
Americans in the size of the federal
budget that 200 million dollars is
little more than a drop in the bucket
but I guess that's one more ball that
trump is willing to drop and truly
making America great again thanks for
watching t whitey wear a condom and
follow me at Hannah Cranston
you
