last month Jared Kushner hosted a big
meeting of tech companies CEOs and
venture capitalists to discuss tech
policy with the present with Donald
Trump they want to advise him set some
set the agenda going forward and there
you had some big leaders of companies
you might have heard of like Apple and
Microsoft these massive tech giants and
you also had Zachary Bookman a 37 year
old CEO of start-up OpenGov now you
probably don't have an open gov phone or
an open gov laptop you've probably never
heard of it before because it's not an
apple and it's not a Microsoft is not a
gigantic corporation it does however aim
to make government data more user
friendly and has saw business with the
federal government according to its
website so that's what it does and I
still a government transparency which
sounds good but still suspicious that a
company no one has ever heard of before
was at this meeting with the likes of an
apple and a Microsoft in fact he was the
only chief executive of a small firm
among the eighteen tech leaders that
were chosen if you bring up this chart
you're gonna see the market
capitalization I believe of those
different the market value of those
different companies so you have like
things like Apple alphabet we're talking
about dozens of billions of dollars on
average and then way smaller than even
the next smaller which seems sort of
weird until you find out the connection
that that CEO that that company has to
high place members of trumps inner
circle
mr. Kushner Jared Kushner who organized
it his brother through a venture capital
firm called thrive capital is a part
owner of OpenGov according to government
disclosures until earlier this year mr.
Kushner himself owned stakes in that
venture capital firm that he sold to his
brother now less do you believe that mr.
Kushner is helping out his immediate
family by inviting someone there who has
no real cause to be there a spokesman
for thrive said the company did not play
any role in open gov invitation and was
not aware of its participation in the
meeting until after the fact and mr.
Kushner didn't suggest the invitation to
open gov according to his government
tech innovation office I'm sure they're
saying the truth yeah well look and they
reached out to mr. Bookman the CEO he
said he thinks
company was invited because it quote is
recognized as an industry leader for our
work the state and local level although
a law professor who deals with a
conflict of interest law and things like
that says this seems like a textbook
example of cronyism in action but if
you're gonna choose 18 tech CEOs there's
a lot of people to choose it seems odd
that you had to have someone connected
with your brother even though his
company is just a fraction of the size
and influence of the others and by the
way this is a federal policy focused
group an open gov works at the local and
state level it hasn't had any federal
contracts so even more reason that
should be suspicious that he was there
right well I'm sure it wants federal
contracts that is true and so this is
yet another symptom of a larger issue
that we noticed with this administration
and some Americans have just decided
that it's not a big deal that you have
members of the administration that have
clear conflicts of interest and the
reason why conflicts of interests are a
problem is because it goes against
everything that trumps voters said that
they wanted right like they're tired and
they're tired of the elites they're
tired of being the Forgotten ones being
people who aren't represented well look
what's happening in government right now
you have Donald Trump funneling money to
his own properties by holding all these
meetings with foreign leaders at Trump
properties you have Jared Kushner's
family traveling to China and trying to
persuade wealthy Chinese investors to
pour in half a million dollars in
cushion or properties just so they can
get their golden visa or launder some
money right and so that's a huge
conflict of interest which they got some
criticism for of us it's from us but
that's the frustrating part John right
like if you are part of Trump's base I
understand the frustrations that you've
been feeling that you don't feel like
these economy has been working for you
that you've been forgotten I get it
right but do you really think that these
people are looking out for you do you
think that Kushner's concerned about you
do you think Trump's concern about you
time and time again they've
to us that they have used their position
of power to funnel money and line their
own pockets yes right and that's exactly
what's happening here here is this
startup company that's tiny miniscule
honestly has no business being at this
meeting and the reason why they went
there and had that opportunity was
because of their ties to the Kushner
family yeah yeah look look I I try to be
fair with any person or organization
other than Donald Trump and so I looked
into this this company and in some cases
it looks like they've done fine work
they did some work for a state I think
it was Ohio I apologize that Wright
didn't write down so don't quote me but
they're ranking in terms of government
transparency in the state level was
pretty bad they implemented this new
software they shot up the the the list
there and so that's a good thing and so
I'm not saying that theoretically this
company couldn't have some value but
does anyone actually believe that they
were there based on merit and not
because it could enrich the immediate
family of Trump's advisers does anyone
seriously believe that I mean I'm sure
someone will buy into that argument but
I just want to be clear about something
I do see if this was if this was a
startup company that had absolutely no
financial ties to the Kushner family or
members of trumps administration and
they were invited to take part in this
meeting I would have no problem with it
whatsoever yeah the size of the company
is not an issue for me I think that it's
important to hear from you know various
tech companies regardless of how big or
small they are but my issue is that the
only reason why this company was there
was because of the financial ties to the
Fisher family and so again it shows you
another example of a huge conflict of
interest and we're gonna see this time
and time again and so if you were an
American who was frustrated at elected
officials and an administration that
left you behind or ignored or neglected
your problems you should be livid about
this yeah because this is cronyism to
another level like I didn't think that
cronyism in this country could get worse
but it got worse and I think a lot of
people are asleep at the wheel as this
is taking place if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
