Donald Trump and the GOP are effectively
openly feuding at this point about whose
fault it is that Trump gear failed that
it looks like it's not going to be
passed and what the path forward should
be there's multiple options being
advocated for in most cases mutually
exclusive options being advocated for by
this same person
Donald Trump who depending on what our
you check in with him on it's impossible
to say what he thinks should be done he
thinks big things trumenba things big
things things that can't fit within one
brain he says repeal and replace okay
with something like Trump care even
though he doesn't seem to know what that
is repeal and then wait and then replace
someday just repeal don't repeal it all
just let it fail on its own which will
happen now or wait maybe it'll actually
happen in six months and so we'll just
wait until the midterms they get more
Republican senators and then we can
replace it or we need to pass the bill
we're gonna repeal and replace actually
and all of that inside of about 27 hours
yeah and so if you're a senator on the
Republican side or a congressperson
I have no idea what you are supposed to
think or what you're supposed to do in
trying to parse all that right because
well here's what I think you should do
if you are a Republican senator or if
you're a senator period if you are an
elected official
don't listen to Trump's threats don't
listen to what he wants and don't try to
appease him because he very clearly
doesn't care about being loyal to you or
looking out for you listen to your
constituents and what they want and I
think that's what's happening to tax
cuts for the wealthiest Americans
clearly that's obviously not where
people want it that's obviously not true
but you know I think what's interesting
is we have this rare moment where we
have moderate GOP senators listening to
their well their moderate relatively
speaking and it's relative to some of
the more insane right-wingers that we
have in office but the moderate
Republicans are actually listening to
the concerns of their constituents and
so they're kind of stuck between a rock
and a hard place because they don't know
whether it makes sense to appease trunk
it doesn't make sense to appease Trump
makes sense to represent the people who
actually elected you into office yeah
yeah so look he had a big meeting with
with many of the Senators some of the
senators who were considered no votes on
various proposals because as I said
there are many at this point and so I
want to go through a couple of videos
some the highlights from this meeting so
first of all in this video you've seen
indication that Donald Trump still
things that they can push through and do
something soon actually before the
August recess hear his thoughts on that
we have no choice we have to repeal and
replace Obamacare we can repeal it but
the best is repeal and replace and let's
get going but I'm ready to act for seven
years you promised the American people
that you would repeal Obamacare people
are hurting inaction is not an option
and frankly I don't think we should
leave town unless we have a health
insurance plan unless we can give our
people great health care we'll see
really fast that's interesting because
he's saying the Senators shouldn't leave
town for their August recess unless we
have a plan it'll be interesting to see
if he can forego leaving this weekend to
play golf
we'll find out is he gonna leave or not
but as I said earlier a couple of the
senators who he is most trying to get
over onto his side are not only at the
meeting but actually it's sitting right
next to him and look at an interaction
with senator Heller that he had the
other night I was very surprised when I
heard a couple of my friends my friends
they really were and are they might not
be very much longer but that's
I think I have to get him back that's
right well no you didn't go out there
this was the one we were worried about
you were there but give it a big look he
wants to remain a senator designate okay
and I think the people of your state
which I know very well I think they're
gonna appreciate what you hopefully will
do well what he did thankfully was
stopped the law from being passed right
I'm sure they will appreciate it make no
mistake if his constituents were clear
about how they wanted to repeal the
Affordable Care Act and replace it with
what the Senate had proposed he would
have done it but he didn't do it because
he listened to his constituents so for
those constituents my question to you is
don't you find it insulting that Trump
is essentially threatening his position
as a senator there right essentially
telling you as an American voter that
your vote is not as important that your
opinions are not as a point important
that your best interests are not as
important what's important is that this
senator listened to the wants and the
needs of Donald Trump just so he can
point at how he supposedly made a deal
that you actually did something exactly
yeah so I want to go to one more video
from him because as I said he keeps
jumping from repeal and repeal and
replace and back and forth as if those
things are very similar so let's go to
one more video of Donald Trump and we
should hammer this out and get it done
and not just to repeal hey you sort of
early on along with a few of the other
folks at the table
the repeal was fine I was with but we
want to get more than I think the people
of this country need more than a repeal
they need a repeal in a replace and we
were very very close and see that that
statement there scares me I mean you're
not going to be surprised to find out
that he doesn't know anything about
health care policy or health insurance
but he's talking about those terms as if
the word repeal and the word replace
have independent meaning in regard to
health insurance if we need it we need
to replace but you're talking about is
like maybe we just get repeal maybe
get repeal and replace well what those
those are fundamentally different
approaches or answers to the question of
what is wrong with the American
healthcare system okay if you think that
repeal is what needs to happen then you
think that the ACA Obamacare is the
cause of our problems and a government
regulation getting involved with health
insurance companies that is the problem
that's driving up premiums or whatever
things you think it's doing repeal and
replace implies that independent of the
ACA there are problems with our health
insurance and health care industry and
government does need to get involved
perhaps in a different way than the ACA
to fix those problems and that's why
replace can mean a hundred different
things it can mean we've repealed most
of Obamacare and we give hundreds of
billions of dollars of tax cuts the
richest Americans or it means we replace
Obamacare with single-payer you can
input almost anything into that word but
his understanding of it is shallower
than the water that Robot committed
suicide in yesterday and he's the person
who's supposed to be helping the
Republicans to get it done that is
horrifying right and there's also a
complete lack of understanding how
government works because in that last
video that we played for you guys he
makes it seem as though they were
seconds away with coming up with a
replacement plan for the Affordable Care
Act but that's not how government works
House has this version the Senate was
supposed to vote in favor of their
version obviously there are differences
between the two and then you know they
come together and negotiate and come up
with a plan that they both the House and
the Senate can agree on that's that's
how Congress works but he seems I don't
know if he is unaware of that or if he
likes to play the role of stupid because
he thinks that appeals to some of his
voters I don't know I grew up with some
people like that it's possible it's
possible I mean it could be part of his
strategy I have no idea but Congress is
not anywhere close to coming up with a
replacement plan for the Affordable Care
Act in fact they're not even close to
deciding what they want to do if they
want to just repeal it if they want to
keep it in place it's just it's it's
maddening and by the way things keep
changing so quickly that it's hard for
you know those who are supposed to do
analysis and to check on these types of
to do their job so for instance the CBO
this is breaking news just released
numbers on what would likely happen to
Americans if they had decided to just
repeal Obamacare without a replacement
the Congressional budget analysts
estimated Wednesday that a Senate plan
to repeal part of the Affordable Care
Act with no immediate replacement would
increase the number of people without
health coverage by seventeen million
next year next year and 32 million by
the end of a decade and so there are
real ramifications to what's happening
right now yeah and again there's a lot
of uncertainty there's a lot of fear a
lot of people don't know what they can
expect and keep in mind that the health
insurance industry doesn't like
uncertainty either so they are likely to
raise premiums to kind of make up for
that uncertainty help us build the
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm /join
