hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now we have
special guest joining us we're very
excited stephanie kelton is a professor
of public policy and economics at stony
brook university
she was also chief economist on the 2015
US Senate Budget Committee for the
minority party staff and an economic
adviser to Bernie Sanders
2016 presidential campaign she founded
the new economic perspectives blog and
is a leading proponent of modern
monetary theory political named her one
of the 50 thinkers doers and visionaries
transforming American politics in 2016
please welcome stephanie kelton hi
Stephanie thanks for joining us thank
you for having me now I have a lot of
questions we're very dumb here so we're
like normal people and first could you
explain how does math work and then
we'll go from there okay teasing but my
first question is people know just for
instance they just passed an 80 billion
dollars extra on top of the Pentagon
budget but they didn't raise taxes to
pay for that and so where does that
money come from and explain to me what
modern monetary theory is well where the
money comes from is the Congressional
authorization so what members of
Congress have the authority to do is to
authorize spending on behalf of the US
government and so that's what happened
the Pentagon said we would like a
certain amount of money and enough
members of Congress said you can have it
just for good measure we're gonna throw
in another eighty billion and the
question is how did they do that and the
answer is they voted for it and where
does the money come from it came from
Congress's decision to authorize that
spending to take place I mean that's how
Congress finances all of it spending it
doesn't go out like you and I might if
we were gonna buy a new
car and we go out and we have to
pre-arranged our financing and we have
to make sure that somebody's willing to
lend us the money or we can't drive the
car off the lot
Congress is the source of the money
and so all it takes if you don't find
the money you find the votes and if
Congress votes for something the
spending is triggered and it all happens
behind the scenes in a fairly
complicated way but the Treasury and the
Federal Reserve work together to make
sure that Congress doesn't bounce a
check the other question you asked is
about modern monetary theory it's a
little harder to answer the question
what is it because it's maybe the
greatest group project ever under and
ever undertaken in the field of
economics it's an approach or an
economic school of thought that unlike
like the monetary school where you had
Milton Friedman as the guy behind it or
you know Keynesian economics where you
had John Maynard Keynes as the
intellectual father of the school with
mmt or modern monetary theory what you
have are a group of economists
originally maybe half a dozen or so
working collectively to build a body of
economics and understanding of how the
economy works how money works modern
money works and we put literature
together now going on more than 20 years
so it's a big school of thought with a
lot of scholarship behind it and it
answers questions ranging from trade
policy and monetary policy fiscal policy
how the economy works so it's a big big
group project so so when so when the
Congress passes an authorization to
increase the Pentagon budget 80 billion
dollars now 80 billion dollars extra
goes out to defense contractors and what
have you to pay for bombs and to pay for
you know K rations and whatever and for
uniforms and boots and rifles and for
everything all right so now where does
that money come from so we don't raise a
tax so we're now where does the who
writes the check and where does it come
from that money so the US government
writes the checks so you have
of agencies let's just say Treasury
writes the check and that's where the
money comes from so you know sometimes
in an modern monetary theory we'll ask
people just to make it really simple
we'll say think of the US government as
the scorekeeper for the US dollar so
much like if you go to a football game
or a basketball game and you're watching
the scoreboard and you see one team just
running up the score and you see oh my
God look it's you know a hundred and
fourteen points already in this
basketball game and we still have eight
minutes to go where what's gonna happen
if this team keeps scoring eventually
the the score keepers gonna run out of
points how are they gonna continue to
put points on the board now of course
nobody ever worries about whether the
score keeper is gonna be able to
continue to mark up the number every
time the team scores another basket or
three-point whatever it is right
but somehow we get all confused and
worried that's that at some point the
United States government is gonna run
out of its own money or be unable to pay
a bill that comes due in u.s. dollars
when it's the sole source of the US
dollar I mean the government spends by
some seller sells something to the
government and the government tells its
bank the Federal Reserve hey that guy
just sold me something go change the
numbers in his bank account so the
numbers in his bank account go up the
cheque goes out the check clears and all
of a sudden let's say Lockheed Martin
has more numbers in their bank account
right and and so the question where does
the money come from the answer is it
comes from the Federal Reserve changing
the numbers in lock-ins bank account
upward to reflect the fact that the
government's made a purchase but doesn't
that increase the deficit or the debt of
the United States so let's so that's the
thing I think people are having a hard
time I am having a hard time
understanding that you're saying that it
doesn't really matter how much tax
revenue you have because the United
States prints its own currency and so we
can just keep writing checks that's what
it sounds like
okay so let's let me go back cuz I don't
want to be uncared for and I don't want
to give the impression that I'm
suggesting that the government never
to increase attacks and can just print
money to pay for everything what I'm
saying is your question is doesn't that
mean a deficit well it might okay it
depends so if Congress goes out and
budgets for a variety of things not just
defense spending but education and
infrastructure and a whole range of
things right the the federal government
budget if it writes a budget that
produces such a good economy that tax
revenues are flowing in and the
government ends up collecting more than
it spends into the economy then you
don't get a deficit you might end up in
fact with a budget surplus like we had
in 1998 99 2000 2001 more likely though
the government is doing the right thing
right it's making a contribution to the
rest of the economy by spending more
into the economy than it is taking back
out through taxation so with simple
numbers if the government spends a
hundred billion into the economy but it
only taxes ninety billion out we label
that a budget deficit we say to the
government you have run a deficit of 10
billion and some people would say shame
on you you know irresponsible madman you
know why are you doing this thing called
deficit spending and what mmt tries to
do is go hang on hold on don't assume
that the government did something that
was necessarily irresponsible or bad
they just made a net contribution of ten
billion dollars to the economy why did
it do that did it do that in order to
produce a better economy did we get you
know something out of it did we get
better roadways and bridges that aren't
structurally deficient did we do
something good with that money and who
got that money right where did it go so
we could fight about whether the deficit
is a good deficit or a bad deficit on
those terms but just saying the deficit
itself is a reflection of a government
that's done something wrong is
completely missing the point so you're
saying that the money we spend isn't it
doesn't depend on how much money we tax
for every if yeah I can't know I mean it
can in your mind you could say
I'm a member of Congress and because I
have a fear of deficits or because I
think my constituents have a fear of
deficits or because I think someone will
primary me if I vote for this because it
added to the deficit
I refuse to vote for things that aren't
quote paid for so you could have that
situation but what I'm saying is that
when Congress sits down and produces a
budget and votes to pass a budget they
don't have the slightest idea in advance
what the taxes are going to be next
quarter the following quarter that
fiscal year and so far they're just
saying this is the amount of money that
we are agreeing to spend on these line
items in these different categories and
we're gonna start triggering that
spending and then the taxes begin coming
in every single day IRS is processing
some tax payment corporate taxes
personal income taxes and the rest so
tax revenue is is being collected
government is spending and on balance
the difference between the two gets
labeled a surplus a deficit or a
balanced budget but there's no kind of
foresight you just can't know in advance
whether the amount that you're going to
be spending into the economy is gonna be
fully offset by taking money back out
through taxation nor should you really
care so why should we not care about
that what aren't deficits bad no there
so what I'm what I'm just doing is
trying to say let's look at what the
deficit is and they do this all the time
with big and small audiences where
people you know like the average person
just doesn't know what the deficit is
they've heard the word usually they hear
the word in the context of this is why
we can't have nice things
so I write to my congressman I say why
are our schools not better funded why
are why is our infrastructure not cared
for why are our vets not cared for you
mentioned homeless why don't we do more
to build housing and get people you know
with safe places to live and off the
streets why do we end and some of those
ah I completely agree with you I would
love to be able to do these things but
the deficit right so to the extent that
people understand the deficit I think
it's in those terms it's that this thing
is bad because it prevents us from
having not
things and being able to do the kinds of
things like medicare-for-all or making
public colleges and universities tuition
free or paid vacation or whatever it is
we can't have it because we have a
deficit so what I try to do is talk my
audiences and students and others
through this and say well let's let's
break it down so we understand the
deficit as it really exists like what is
this thing that we label the deficit so
let's think about it as us-versus-them
because I think this makes it easier so
when people say the government is
running a budget deficit sometimes
you'll read an article in the newspaper
and it'll say all this red ink right red
ink red ink so if you think of the
government's budget deficit as the red
ink then you have to think of our budget
as showing up the black ink so they're
reading is our black ink they're deficit
is our surplus two sides of the same
coin so again if the government spends a
hundred into the economy somebody gets a
hundred now they tax and they say okay
we're gonna come and collect taxes we're
gonna tax ninety back out of the economy
so that pulls the income away from
someone right and now the government has
put in a hundred taken out ninety and we
say you ran a deficit okay but we have
to look at what happened in the economy
in the economy there's ten sitting there
it wouldn't have been there if the
government hadn't run that deficit so
think about it what if the government
balanced its budget instead of running a
deficit balancing its budget means you
know living within its means not
spending more than it collects and all
that kind of stuff right so let's do
balanced budget now the government
spends a hundred into the economy but it
taxes ninety I'm sorry taxes a hundred
back out balanced its budget right only
the economy was just deprived of the ten
that it had when the government's
deficit spending and now it doesn't have
that ten so again the deficit is just
the record of the contribution financial
contribution that the federal government
makes to the rest of the economy that's
all it is so if we if the United States
prints its own currency why do we have
to borrow
that is such a good question nobody ever
asked to that question we saw we don't
have to borrow money we choose to borrow
money because the financial industry the
middleman in this game likes very much
intermediating between the federal
government and the rest of the economy
in other words they want their cut so
the the question is various student if
we can if we control our own currency if
the US dollar comes from the US
government and can't come from anywhere
else why does the government pay
interest to borrow its own currency and
that's a question I wish more people
would wrestle with because it's a policy
choice we don't have to do it that way
and in fact because we do it that way
you know we're we're giving a subsidy to
bondholders we're saying to people we're
gonna pay you some interest income for
nothing really you know you're not
taking risk there's no risk of default
associated with US government securities
with buying Treasuries but we're gonna
give you compensation anyway we're gonna
pay you interest on those securities the
government could say you know what no
more no more Treasuries we're not
borrowing any more from this point on
when we spend we're just gonna spend
into the economy and we're gonna tax
back enough to keep that spending from
causing other problems in the economy
like an inflation problem but no more
this interest income and then lawmakers
wouldn't be so obsessed with this line
item in the budget called interest on
the debt because they freaked out about
this they all see this and the cost of
servicing the debt and they say oh my
god we're spending all this money
servicing the debt and that money could
go to something else and they're
absolutely right how would you summarize
what modern monetary theory is in just a
minute or two is that possible to do
I'll try I mean look the bottom line is
if you're a country like the US like the
UK like Australia like Canada if you
have your own currency and you borrow
and spend and taxing your own money then
you have space to do things with policy
that other countries don't have
you can do things that Greece can't do
or somebody like that okay so you can
run an economy the way you want to run
it and you can have high levels of
employment and you don't have to quote
find the money or not on a gold standard
when somebody says we're gonna find the
money it's as if you're looking for
something finite something that exists
like there are only so many dollar bills
in the world and they're in a pile
somewhere we have to go compete and
borrow and and get a little bit of that
and then we can afford to pay for
programs and things that we care about
we went off the gold standard we don't
have some finite concrete limited thing
that backs our currency or is our
currency and so we got to get over this
obsession we have with finding the money
and focus on funding priorities funding
priorities and then understanding that
you tax not because the government needs
money to pay for things but because the
government uses taxes to make some room
for its own spending in the economy so
that it doesn't create an inflation
problem so you're saying that the it in
an economy where we print our own money
the purpose of taxes is to regulate
inflation and other things like that
it's one important purpose of taxes yeah
a really important purpose okay let me
turn over to my panel go ahead and we'll
take it away Steve Malcolm stemple it
was like they have a question my
question was based on your premise that
deficits by themselves don't matter is
what matters is why we I mean how we
spent that deficit dollars theoretically
we could have zero taxes and run that
massive deficits so long as it was all
done in a smart way but I imagine their
real life practical concerns and
constraints that would live me from
doing that you're saying one of those
would be inflation so to combat
inflation you do have taxes you have
other real-life things like actual raw
materials and supplies where you can't
just have an infinite quantity of that
can you I recall reading something about
that in one of your articles
can you explain it a bit further how you
have real life constraints on just
printing endless amounts of money
because I don't want people to take away
from this conversation that
professor kellton advocates just
printing unlimited amounts of money okay
good I don't want them to do that either
and so I appreciate that
what one point I would like to make is
that I'm not proposing that the
government changed the way that it
currently pays for the things that it
buys or the services that that it
engages the government already today
right now as we sit here pays for
everything with newly created money
that's already how it works so what mmt
tries to do is explain the actual
operations the way that they work today
so it's not a proposal to change the way
we do it and start printing money or
something like that it's just to
recognize that when the government
spends it spends new money into the
economy so if you want it character if
you want to use the word print and think
about it like a scorekeeper you say well
the government uses the print key on the
keyboard and that's how it pays for new
purchases but when it taxes it uses the
delete key so some of that money is just
erased away okay
I would not agree that we could just
eliminate taxes altogether and still
have a working monetary system with the
US dollar at the center of it because
the reason that the dollar is at the
center in the first place is because the
government defines the currency as the
dollar and gets us all to want to work
and earn it because we need it to pay
our taxes so you can't get rid of taxes
altogether taxes play an important part
in controlling for inflation but they
also play a role in helping to give
value to the currency itself so the
other point you raise which is super
important is the real resources question
because this is the limiting factor this
is how we should be thinking about the
constraints are the limits that we face
every single economy on earth has
basically an internal speed limit it can
only grow so much given the labor that
it has the machines and the factories
and the people's skills like the
technological know-how that exists all
of that stuff limits how much you can
produce at any given time if you are
efficiently using everything you have
okay so what what mmt does is say why
don't we craft
not worrying about whether it's gonna
show a deficit or how big a deficit but
why don't we craft a budget that says
these are the things we're trying to
achieve in the economy these are we want
to see child poverty driven to zero or
poverty all together in the economy
driven to zero in ten years time we want
to eliminate homelessness we want to
repair infrastructure we want to make
public colleges and you you know you
figure out what are the goals you write
a budget that reflects those goals and
then you say but I can't do everything
next year so I have to prioritize I look
at my resources
how much can I do and then you begin to
spend into the economy to accomplish
those broader economic and social
objectives okay I hi Stephanie this is
Steph I have a quick question is Pago a
good idea and should Nancy Pelosi be
suggesting the Dems will follow it when
they if they take over the house well I
heard you guys talk about Pago the other
day on the show so I know that you know
that it is as crazy an idea as I think
it is so no and I remarked publicly and
gave some quotes to sit folks on this
this this Pago idea is like the
democrats saying listen if we if we end
up sweeping if this Blue Wave is real
and we take back the house in November
one of the first things that we intend
to do is to return our budgeting
practices to something called pay go
right pay as you go not spend more than
you take in everything has to be
deficit-neutral and paid for and all
that kind of stuffs like saying you know
we're gearing up for this big race and
the first thing we're gonna do is tie
our shoelaces together so it's a
terrible idea
what would be your guess as to why
someone like Nancy Pelosi would propose
such an idea if it handcuffs the
progressive movement I mean I don't know
the extent to which this is a political
calculation on her part that she
believes this is actually helpful to the
party in some sense or whether it more
reflects just her own belief in the
righteousness of sound budgeting
principles that she's convinced herself
over many many years you know this is
someone who after Pete Peterson died you
know Pete Peterson
the billionaire investor who you know
passed away not too long ago but this
guy has funded I don't know there's an
overarching peterson foundation and then
under that umbrella there are dozens or
hundreds of other organizations my
lights kicked out but if i wave my hand
usually like on that very bizarre it's
motion-sensitive you know this is a guy
who's been gunning for Social Security
and Medicare and programs like that for
a very long time and the justification
for attacking those programs for him and
for the organizations that he fronts or
funds has always been the national debt
and deficits so they used those as a way
of going after you know entitlement
programs and Nancy Pelosi went on the
House floor after he died and felt
compelled to actually use floor time to
make a very colorful speech about what a
tragic loss and wonderful you know human
being this was so I don't know what
motivates the the mood before I throw it
to Malcolm who's gonna take over in a
second I just want to ask one more
question up Stephanie why do you think
it is that when when someone like like
Bernie Sanders proposes Medicare for all
which would actually save money or
proposes free college which would
actually increase boost our economy
because you're investing in it right
that's not like about you're not
spending money on a bomb which just sits
in the ground you're investing in a
human being which goes out and pays more
taxes so my question is when why do you
think it is that it's ubiquitous in the
media and in politics that when someone
like Bernie proposes a program that
helps people people always say how are
you gonna pay for that and that's a
unicorn but when someone proposes eighty
billion dollars for bombs no one
anywhere ever asked that do you have a
theory on why that is because they
understand that it's the most powerful
way to kill the idea they get us
fighting you know if how are you gonna
pay for it if the answer is involves
some new tax somewhere then you've
you've accomplished the goal everyone
will spend all of their time fighting
over the numbers your revenue estimate
who pays and they will completely look
beyond the mayor
to the proposal the morality of doing
the right thing the the policy will get
lost in the in the background as
everybody begins to just fight over the
numbers and the pay-for and whether it
the math adds up and all that kind of
stuff so they know they know that it's
the most effectively to kill so you
think it's just a cynical ploy for the
establishment to kill social programs
that's why they say that and then they
get their mouthpieces and the media to
repeat that yeah I think so I mean what
did they do with the tax cuts they were
you know these guys are laser-focused
they don't let questions like how are
you gonna pay for it hold their agenda
hostage they just run right through it
and they say you know well it's gonna
pay for itself and then somebody works
up the numbers and says oh but the
Congressional Budget Office says it
doesn't pay for itself and they go yeah
they're wrong their numbers are wrong
they just they just dismiss everything
that might possibly hijack their agenda
they are laser focused on delivering on
their agenda for the donor class for the
people that they represent and the
Democrats haven't figured out how to do
that I don't think the Democrats want to
figure out how to do that I don't think
I think you touched on it Nancy Pelosi
is pushing Pago because their donors
want Pago it's not just just why did the
Democrats get together to fast-track 15
judges for Trump because the donors are
the same people the same donors to Trump
are the same donors to Chuck Schumer and
they want the same things let me throw
it to Malcolm flesh there Malcolm's go
ahead I have 70 thank you for talking to
us today I want to relate to the Nancy
Pelosi Pago situation I think that a lot
of people will the deficit and the debt
are real bogeyman in our society and the
mainstream and the establishment there's
a consensus one of the few things
there's a consensus about you know going
to war is a good idea and the deficit is
a bad thing those are the two basic
consensus items in our political system
nowadays and so I it really it's
terrible to hear Nancy Pelosi pushing
Pago because it buys into this and the
Republicans push it too but they don't
they obviously don't believe in it
because they're always the ones who are
ballooning the deficit went and then
Clinton comes in officer Obama comes at
offices and they have to cut our
the debt so or the deficit I should say
and and they think they should be
applauded for it but of course they
don't get any credit for it and now we
have the tax cuts that balloon the
deficit again and I think it has to do
with this idea that people think well I
balance my checkbook why can't the
government balance its books and I don't
know if this is an apt analogy but I
like to say that you know people do go
and engage in deficit spending when you
when you buy a house you are you know
borrowing money to buy that house for
the long term and there is a benefit to
you financially in a long term of owning
a house and I feel like the same is true
sort to a degree with the government
when you go into deficit spending if
you're spending it on medicare-for-all
and for free college and for social
programs that is going to benefit the
economy overall
whereas defense spending or interest on
the debt it does very little to benefit
the the larger economy is but breaking
through to the the general public
especially when the establishment media
is so in the bag for against the deficit
I don't know what the what the best way
to break through that is and it really
doesn't help the Nancy Pelosi is is
doing what she's saying so do you feel
like the Bernie campaign did you know
made any progress in that regard or is
that just a battle that we just need to
keep fighting I mean I don't think that
the presidential campaign did much to
sort of tackle this sort of problem that
we face in terms of you know how do we
change the narrative how do we change
the public debate so that when a
policymaker
you know whether it's senator Sanders or
another member of Congress but somebody
goes out and says this is the policy
idea I just introduced a piece of
legislation this is what I'd like to see
us do and the person sits down with them
on TV or radio or whatever and the first
question out of the gate is always how
are you gonna pay for it so how do we
how do we begin to push the narrative in
a different direction where you say so
tell me about that legislation what is
it you hope that legislation will do
well I hope that legislation will
provide health care to this many people
why do you think that's important and
but we get completely bogged down with
starting the discussion with what is the
MP
on the budget going to be instead of
what is the impact on people's lives
gonna be what is it benefit to the
economy does this serve the public
interest is this some boondoggle thing
you're proposing or is this good policy
does the public broadly support this
dude do Americans want this we don't
have those conversations we start and
end the discussion with the government's
budget as if the the impacts if the
budget has feelings in a budget deficit
or a surplus at the end of the day which
just the number we write down and
whether we accomplish something good or
not is what matters the number we had to
write down to get to the good economy
doesn't matter a whole lot let's say
Bernie Sanders wins the presidency in
2020 you're the Secretary of Treasury
what how do you reshape the way we spend
money as the government how what would
we what would that someone like me
notice different is happening in
Washington DC with the budget what would
you do well I mean the treasurer the
secretary Treasury's probably most
important role in this would be helping
to reshape the narratives so helping you
know to create the rhetorical space for
a better conversation because Secretary
of Treasury doesn't write and pass
legislation right so the Treasury
secretary can do things like avoid doing
what Jack Lew and Larry Summers have
done more recently right both former
Treasury secretaries and now that the
Trump administration has added to the
deficit through you know tax cuts of
about 1.5 trillion and then a 300
billion dollar spending bill and
whatever else may come down the pike the
Republicans are talking about another
round of tax cuts and you got two former
Treasury secretaries who have publicly
said that because of what the
Republicans have done they've eaten up
all the space and there's no more room
for anybody in the future to do anything
more because the deficits are going to
be too big and so what message is that
to two Democrats that might take the
house the Senate the White House who
knows what combination of things going
looking forward to 2020 if your message
is demmick
is we got nothing because the last
administration you know gave out all the
goodies and now the the you know the
well is dry so to speak so the the
Treasury secretary can play an important
role I think in helping to reshape the
the dialogue and so forth but there's
not a lot they can do directly in terms
of policy so with Nancy Pelosi already
ensconced and Pago and Chuck Schumer
just as big of a corrupted bought by
Wall Street a politician as you can have
right why would people vote for
Democrats so why so it seems like no
matter if we have a blue wave it doesn't
matter because Nancy Pelosi is in bed
with Steve minuchin and his donors I
mean she's gonna do is the exact bidding
she's already signaled it for no reason
whatsoever it's inexplicable to you it's
inexplicable to me the only reason she
would do it is because she's actually
working against the people and she's
working for the 1.1% that's the old one
there's no logical reason why she would
propose Pago especially in the face of a
one point whatever trillion dollar tax
cut we just had right because just as
you said the Republicans don't care
about deficits they do their agenda and
they blow right through it the only
people who care at Nancy Pelosi I don't
think she really cares about deficits I
think she just cares about pleasing her
donors so right now Bernie Sanders is is
trying to get people to join that party
instead of building another party that
actually has a different theory on how
to run the country do you think we can
get it done by reforming the Democratic
Party which by the way that's never
going to happen that will never ever
ever happen that's never going to happen
people say people say people say it's
difficult to start a third party well it
is impossible to reform the Democratic
Party and and it's not happening so what
do you think about that
the idea of a third party or reforming a
democratic party Jimmy I know your
position on this I I think that you know
it's been inspiring to see some of the
people who have run for office some
successfully and some of some are going
to go on and become elected members of
Congress
and some may try again in two years as
Democrats they're trying to work within
the party apparatus I don't know whether
they can get there in a time line that
is you know sufficient to sort of you
know save the planet
so a sort of thing but you know I I
don't know the answer to this I'm not a
political scientist
I don't know how difficult it would be
to whether it would be more difficult to
launch a strong third party alternative
or to try to keep getting these
incremental victories with some
insurgent candidates who eventually look
at them take a lot of tea party members
to become a disruptive force for bad in
the house and so you know you've heard
people like Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
sort of channeling that they may try to
form some sort of a coalition of
progressives to in the house once
elected and so I don't I don't know is
the answer to the question is as you
were talking I sort of was wondering if
we were if we were willing to be
extremely magnanimous and say is there
any way that Nancy Pelosi's pay-go
comments could possibly make sense as a
you know maybe she knows something we
don't
there's really a here she's done the
thinking and we're just all missing it I
mean the only thing I could come up with
is suppose that this is something she's
thinking from 2018 to 2020 we're gonna
have pay-go rules in place yeah and so
it would make it more difficult to move
let's say another major round of tax
cuts through if you've got that kind of
legislative you've got pay goin stated
and then you could say but then after
2020 depending on how things go we may
suspend the rule again I don't know I
sort of doubt it but I guess it's
possible you know by the time the
Democrats come around Manhattan and
Miami will be under water so and that's
a fact that's gonna add that that
they're not gonna come around for
another couple decades but anyway it's
stephanie kelton thank you so much for
being our guest it's been a real thrill
to have you here even though I'm not
smart enough to completely understand
everything you're saying
and I went to college actually and my
wife has a master's and she still also
just is perplexed but anyway I really
appreciate you taking time and you're
always welcome back on the show thanks
again
thank you thanks for having me
hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
Agartha progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
