what whining babies these moderate
Republicans are as soon as they get a
question they don't like they start
crying these are absolutely thin-skinned
crybabies victims and turn themselves
into the aggressors and then thereby
ones around creating other victims
victims are the biggest bullies in the
country now this was the seed I booked
but they moved me to another seat I
don't want been three days now and Delta
still hasn't gotten in the next one or
given an explanation much less an
apology they are are snarking and being
very snippy on on Twitter
haha snowflake snowflake and a little
snowflake in a shocking turn of events
we have another far-right conservative
who has ripped into countless lefty sjw
snowflakes complaining complaining for
days man that's right the woman who once
said she was sick of 9/11 widows milking
their minor loss of loved ones as vented
for nearly sixty plus hours about a
moved seat and it's not as if she was
moved from the seat with extra legroom
to that shy teen on recline and see in
the bike close to the toilet with the
guy with questionable bowels she was
moved from the aisle to the window in
reality you should be thanking them for
saving you some elbow bruises or do
demons not feel physical pain just
indigestion from consuming the souls of
the youth but here's the thing in
retrospect I actually agree with her
about how shitty airlines can be I mean
I haven't encountered anything to
compare to the suffering experienced by
an or david dowell those poor souls both
of them equally have been through a lot
all right but you will still be
hard-pressed to find someone who hasn't
had their seats moved or flights
canceled or delayed and of course people
have a right to complain but it's
interesting to see a woman who spends
most of her ten thousand dollars worth
of time ripping into people for
complaining - then go ahead and whine
for several days about something so
trivial as this lady could you not be
spending those precious characters
talking about perfecting Jews we just
find goo Jews to be perfected or
invading other countries to kill their
leaders and convert them all to
Christianity and we should invade their
countries kill their leaders and convert
them to Christianity you know the
important stuff but it wasn't just Delta
that face the wrath of Ann Coulter's
tear-soaked keyboard bashing she posted
a photo of innocent customers who
occupied the gold-plated seat that she
wanted in order to give her army of
far-right mouths Brazil's a target for
the harassment but once mom had finished
cleaning the garage of course but Ann's
meltdown once again reminds us of the
bigger picture the foregone conclusion
which is the Conservatives are the og
snowflakes some set by it and I'm hurt
by it and I feel betrayed by it they
love nothing more than to complain about
liberals complaining or in some cases
complain about you know unfair news
coverage directed towards then maybe
even in front of military personnel who
put their life at risk for the country
no politician in history has been
treated worse or more unfairly and no
one I mean no one complains more than
Sean Hannity he may as well have put her
emails tattooed on his ass next to the
image of the first time he and Trump met
and the same goes for former Clinton
campaign officials like John Podesta
this was Hannity last night not
addressing the serious issues that's
been going on in the current presidency
oh no he's addressing Hillary's emails
seventeen months after his candidate won
the election he still clings to the same
means of deflection when anything that
questions his fearless golfer in chief
comes to the forefront she was bleeding
badly from a facelift I said no but was
it through an email though was that
private server huh-huh we began with
developing news after the revised GOP
health care bill collapsed but did they
use a private email to share their
failures I don't think so it's all they
know I guess we can add airline seat
changes to the list of things that
trigger conservatives along with Obama
put mustard on his hamburger or wearing
a tan suit or the prominent and utter
disgraceful issue of bear arms not
weapons but female arms in Congress but
in light of such serious issues as Ann's
seat gate scandal
maybe we would all benefit from having a
specific airline cabin assigned to the
snowflakes that are upset with such
favorite issues maybe we can call it a
safe space
follow me on instagram at Francis M
Maxwell and Twitter also at Francis M
Maxwell like and share the video
continue to resist
you
