a fatal police shooting in Minneapolis
is making headlines not only in the
United States but also in Australia
because it involved a woman who came
here to the United States from Australia
in order to marry her fiance
Justine Damon was her name and she was a
yoga and meditation teacher and this
case is very very low on details very
little details have been reported by the
cops involved and people are extremely
upset and angry about how this situation
went down but here's what we do know she
actually called the cops for help
because she believed that there was a
possible assault in the alley near her
home the call for help came in just
before 11 p.m. Saturday night two
Minneapolis Police Department officers
went to an alley near her home in the
Fulton neighborhood now three people
with knowledge of the incident told the
Star Tribune that the responding
officers pulled into the alley behind
Damon's home the woman who was wearing
pajamas approached the driver's side
door and was talking to the driver the
officer in the passenger seat shot
Damon's through the driver's side door
the three people told newspaper so we
don't know what prompted them to do that
what we do know is that she is not a
violent person she did not have a gun
and she was the person who called the
cops to report a possible assault in the
alley okay think about how dangerous
that is in not only are you shooting and
killing someone that used to be a really
really important thing back in the day
but you're also shooting through your
partner I know I know
to hit her okay but in Minneapolis we
know that there are no consequences for
cops killing people so philander
Castillo's was just shot and killed we
saw it on tape we saw what happened and
officer was told hey I have a legal gun
don't worry
make sure you get it it's that or any
shot and kill the guy anyway and he got
away with it
totally acquitted so cops think I mean I
guess the downside is somebody's dead
whatever but I'm never gonna get
punished
now there's the
the guy consciously think that we don't
know yet right and I'm sure the cops are
busy grilling him right now as we speak
because they love to grill their own
they don't care about the blue line at
all they just treat him as common
criminals when they kill citizens / they
never do that anyway
but in the back of his mind all the cops
know it like I will almost never suffer
any consequences if I should like
shooting someone used to be a gigantic
deal and this is why we told you in
other stories people are starting to
worry about calling the cops yeah I
think look there are so many negative
ramifications to stories just like this
one there's this distrust of cops and
that you know unfortunately works as a
negative for good cops out there
law-abiding cops who actually do want to
protect and serve and so every once in a
while when you come across a story where
there's someone who's innocent but they
run away from the cops and then that
leads to a shooting people will say like
why are they running away from the cops
what's the issue if they're not guilty
of anything why would they run away and
it's because of this distrust people are
fearful people don't want to call cops
for help and it's because of really
tragic stories like this one now again
we don't know what kind of words were
exchanged we don't know what happened
with again very little details of this
story is respected one of them who knows
what happened but obviously we don't
never agree that disrespecting a cop
warns them shooting and killing someone
now here's another element to the story
that's in my opinion very interesting so
neither of the responding officers had
turned on their body cameras before the
shooting the squad car camera did not
capture the incident either what an
unbelievable coincidence I bet that'll
make accountability easy
oh no don't make it super hard and given
the track record of cops getting
acquitted on charges with no video at
all it'll be just their word against no
one because the other person is dead
dead men tell no tales so what a
shocking gwizdo's they all suppose have
their body cameras on after the falando
Casteel shooting it is mandatory that
they have their body cameras on but
golly gee willikers they say they didn't
have the
also please keep in mind that she is at
least the 23rd woman fatally shot by an
officer this year and that only accounts
for over 4 percent of all fatal police
shootings this year alone so usually
these police shootings
disproportionately impact males but one
thing that I do really want to bring up
and I think it's it's important is that
oftentimes when we talk about the issue
of police brutality because of the fact
that it disproportionately impacts
minorities it turns into a race issue
right a racial issue and one thing that
I've said over and over again and I
really want to reiterate reiterate it
right now it's it goes further than a
race issue yes it disproportionately
impacts minorities but it impacts every
single one of us when we emboldened bad
cops to behave this way when we let them
get away with this type of behavior it
doesn't just impact people that you
don't care about and you don't think
about it impacts every single one of us
this is an Australian woman okay who
teaches meditation in yoga here in the
United States she was known as a loving
person a caring person a passionate
person not a violent person at all
people are reeling about this story and
they're angry and what's interesting is
everyone's angry no one's looking at a
record and talking about oh but maybe
she smoked marijuana once and maybe that
justifies us being a but stalking about
that this was from what we know so far
an unjustified murder of a woman and the
same is true of all the other minorities
that we covered again this impacts every
single one of us
we need to reel these cops back in do
better training and actually punish them
when they murder and kill unarmed
individuals and so whether it's murder
will be adjudicated maybe maybe if they
ever go to court but it is shooting and
killing someone there's no question
about that and to Anna's point nickimja
levy-pounds
says look when we were saying that they
are doing this to our fathers our sons
our brothers sisters and mothers what we
were trying to tell you is if they do
this to us they will do to you next you
know that old poem about first they came
for the trade unionist and I wasn't a
trade unionist so and and I'm
both going to be softer and tough around
the cops I don't I don't know if the guy
who shot Philander Casteel is a bad guy
I don't know if the guy who shot justine
Damon in this case is a bad person what
I'm worried about is the training they
they're telling the cops be afraid of
everything
never ever ever take a risk of anything
ever hurting you protecting the citizens
is like your 187th priority okay
protecting you is one through 186 all my
jobs to get home at night no it's not
it's actually literally not your job
your job is to protect the community
that's why we gave you a gun and a badge
so and there so of course and there's
guns everywhere to be fair to the cops
so what happens this is what we told you
what happened they should and then on
top of that we say don't worry you'll
almost never go to prison for shooting
someone if you're a cop so you have now
incentivized them to shoot people
because there's no consequences and and
you trained them that they should be
scared of everything and not care about
the citizens and yes you did it is the
training by the way her her stepson to
be the person she was gonna you about to
get married and her stepson of course
loved her and said quote America sucks
actually we have this video and it's
really powerful can we talk yes my mom
is dead because the police officer shot
her for reasons I don't know and I
demand answers and if anybody can help
just call the police and demand answers
I'm so done with all this violence it's
so much America sucks
these cops need to get trained
differently that can you I need to move
on I just know that she heard a sound in
the alley so then she called the police
and the cops showed up and she was a
very passionate woman and she probably
yes she thought there was like something
Bad's happening and then next thing I
know they take my best friend's life so
I'm just done and the police are good
doggies and so done they're not
answering your questions this has to
stop this has to stop so I'm sure that
there will be a lot of right-wingers who
go I can't believe he said the police
how dare he and he said America sucks
does any no we're number one how would
you react if they killed your mom so
easy to criticize when your mom's not
dead in an alleyway because she
mistakenly thought the cops would help
her and even in the midst of his anger
and his grief he said it's not all the
cops right which of course it's not but
we're training them wrong and he said
that and that's a hundred percent right
so we have to go back to freeze you're
under arrest
we have to go back to take a second
before you shoot and kill someone and
end their life we have to go back to the
citizens lives matter they matter the
cop lives are not the only thing that
matters of course we care about cops
they're human beings but we also care
about all of the citizens so it's gross
yeah should me see how it plays out
because I saw a couple reports and I
mean one from Daily Mail and I follow
the outlets the identity of the officer
he's apparently Somali American first
officer to serve in this precinct the
name is Mohammed nor and he'll had two
years of experience so a lot people were
talking up saying oh this is an
experience in experience top and he
needs maybe more training and they don't
know what happened studying these
industry so this now because we know the
lines of what usually happens or what we
hear the majority of time is that a
point out disproportionately happens
we'll see where this one Falls no that's
just super interesting question because
races are reversed in this case yeah and
oh and the guy who shot him is Muslim so
look uh we're a thousand percent
consistent you've got to get better
trading on the cops so and when I say
better I don't mean get them or even
more nervous and when you get and all
the trainings around you're gonna get
shot any second whatever you see anybody
they're about to shoot you just put them
down first put them down right instead
of doing that kind of training I don't
need more of that training that's what
gets people killed okay
teach them these are your citizens your
job is to protect them okay your jobs
not to kill them it's to protect them
and actually you have a really dangerous
and hard job because you have to risk
your life to protect them so I'm just as
furious about this story as any of the
cop shootings but it'll be interesting
to see the right-wing reaction because
in this case it's a white woman who's
shot and and apparently a Black Muslim
cop who shot her so we'll see if all of
a sudden they're like wow I mean this
one this one was bad I mean not the
other ones but this one okay we'll see
dad I don't want to prejudge that just
look at the comments down below
elbows build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
