consumer products sold under the Teflon
brand are safe
DuPont did in fact ask EPA to make those
statements correct that's correct
when I was pregnant with Becky I worked
for DuPont around Teflon they tried to
blame me they said it was something that
I did the more they would tell me that
the more suspicious I got you did see
there was a substantial risk to the
women at the DuPont plant there was no
potential risk to the women there was a
potential risk to the fetus he was used
in consumer products manufacturing
products and the applications were
endless these Teflon and Scotchgard
chemicals permeated the living world
today every baby is born with Teflon
chemicals in their blood DuPont in
another company called 3m had been
studying this chemical dating back to
the 1950s and 1960s did you work with a
lot of other people that have been sick
or died early Carol Kathleen Jim brought
Julie Burt Steve baling loan a car
they're aware of the risk of the product
risk is relative if I've got here
sprinkle our snake around they'd arrest
me murder you've lied and they're still
lying everybody in this area in one way
or another is connected to pop you go
dealing with somebody's livelihood
you're gonna have problems there was a
discussion about do we need to come up
with something in our production that's
not going to cause these problems they
conclude if we launch something new it's
gonna cost us a lot of money we have to
stick with the devil we know
was i guinea pig what do you think
