Ann Coulter wanted to show the world
just how unlikable she is by ranting
against Delta and usually I'm in favor
of rants against Airlines because they
make flying a little more difficult than
it needs to be
however Coulter took matters way too far
when she decided to lash out on innocent
people on the flight that didn't do
anything wrong
now let me set up the story for you
she's on a flight from LaGuardia Airport
in New York to West Palm Beach in
Florida so relatively short flight and
she had paid 30 extra dollars to get a
specific seat on the flight a seat that
has extra legroom and is in an emergency
exit row now Coulter went on to complain
the Delta moved her and then didn't
really give her a reason as to why they
moved her they moved her to another seat
that has extra legroom but it wasn't the
specific seat that she wanted okay she
went on to complain that Delta spends
all its money on beautiful aircraft and
then hire nurse ratchets
as flight attendants and gate agents so
already the insults against people begin
and the first insult goes toward the
flight attendants that just wanted to
fix this mix-up and I get it it's a
super annoying mix-up right you pay for
an extra seat you should get that extra
seat but they made a mistake and they
tried to make it better so so far this
is not bad okay it's not extra seat of
course as you explained it's just extra
space in that seat right she already got
extra space in the new seat but okay
you're mad and then and as you know I've
had my issues with airlines and I think
sometimes the flight attendants have
been over empowered and then go on power
trips so it's possible - this story ends
with us agreeing with Ann called her but
it's Ann Coulter so of course she's not
going to stop right so she was
complaining about not getting the seat
that she paid for I'm on her side that's
super frustrating but then she goes on
to blast people on her social media so
her Twitter account has a little over a
million followers I believe and she
starts insulting the woman that was
placed in the seat that she had
originally paid for
hey Delta if it was so important for the
dots
and leg woman to take my seat she should
have booked the seat in advance like I
did first of all maybe she did booked
that seat right who you don't know
what's going on behind the scenes here's
what I do know the woman who's sitting
in that seat is not a bad person
did not go out of their way to make you
have a bad flight right like why are you
needlessly insulting this woman yes yes
can I just say like you really if you're
a right-winger you like her that's a
like she's insulting other passengers
for no reason
yeah personal attacks she's a person who
has some degree of power yeah she has
wealth and celebrity that other person
is just a regular person and not only
does she attack her appearance yeah then
they should take a picture of them right
so I blurt out the photo because I just
we don't need to show the the identity
of this person but yeah so she goes
ahead and posts a photo of the woman
Delta didn't give my extra room seat to
an Air Marshal or tall person here's the
woman given my pre-book seat just like
why are you showing this why would you
go out of your way to take pictures of
private citizens I get it they're in a
public place so there's no reasonable
expectation of privacy but you're
needlessly posting their image or her
image specifically on social media like
for what so they attack her so they come
after her I don't get what the point is
right so the airline criticized her for
posting derogatory and slanderous
comments and photos and social media
about its employees and customers Delta
said it was disappointed in miss Coulter
and called her actions unnecessary and
unacceptable
they also refunded her the $30 but she's
like you need to give me ten thousand
dollars because it took time for me to
find that perfect seat and time is money
I'm paraphrasing which she tweeted but
she tweeted something to that effect and
I think that's ridiculous I mean come on
of course ridiculous oh you're so
precious that oh my god you spent an
extra minute doing something I just
they're all scam artists she's doing it
for attention to see if she could scam
Delta out of some more money
she's a despicable person and and again
if your this is the person that you
think is your hero unbelievable and you
wanna she made people like Airlines
defend Airlines which I thought was
unimaginable like Americans generally
have a horrible time with these Airlines
and are so frustrated she's the only
person who could have turned around and
goblins Delta for actually standing up
to her and saying that her actions were
unacceptable
and only returning those thirty dollars
and to the point where I thought is this
a false flag operation like where the
airlines hired an Coulter to be such a
raging fill-in-the-blank
jerk hey that people don't go no wait a
minute maybe the airlines are not so bad
I don't know I I just feel like you know
there needs to come a day when Ann
Coulter stops this you know this
characteristic of victimhood you know
like when are you to stop making
yourself a victim and culture when are
you gonna start taking responsibility
for your life and for your choices how
about that like that's the funny thing
though right first of all like she comes
off as this insanely whiny brat because
it's not like she tweeted a couple of
things she tweeted all weekend long like
wow you got another extra leg seat like
extra room for your legs see like you're
fine I get it like you want to be
comfortable you've got a similar seat
it's not the end of the world and then
to proceed to attack people who haven't
done anything wrong it's frickin
ridiculous and there's the extra layer
of the way she reacted to that story of
that doctor that Asian doctor that got
dragged off that flight that was the
United flight her reaction to that was
really interesting she said sorry about
the dragging but the convicted pill mill
doctor should be deported but he's been
a citizen in the United States since the
1970s I know you're a citizen but much
rather have you deported so now and I'll
get to say that to ankle ders face in
just a couple of weeks at politican if
you want to check that out I just hope
girl runs around
running her mouth about how Oh Mexicans
you know they really harm Society we
need to preserve our culture like are
you a representation of the type of
culture you're trying to preserve
because if that's the case you don't
make America great you make America a
laughingstock you're embarrassing right
like he/she has the audacity to run her
mouth talking about how terrible Muslims
and Mexicans are you're terrible like I
can't even handle hearing her speak all
she does is use hyperbole
she'd never ever ever uses real
statistics or facts to back up her
anti-immigration BS right she thinks
there's 30 million undocumented
immigrants in the country yeah she's
made that up that has questionable
methodology to say the least
no okay so look is you get to watch Ana
say all that to her face at politican go
to Politico calm such TYT just she
happens to be in the news today that's
not certainly not why we're doing this
sir but the last thing on Ann Coulter in
regards to this story is the story about
doubt the doctor that was dragged out
there yeah if you say a guy who's a US
citizen should be deported after he was
assaulted by their Airlines and dragged
down they bloodied him
she thinks but that's awesome and it's
your fault and you should be deported
why she's so outraged that she got a
slightly different seat what's the
difference between I called her and that
doctor now she is a flat-out
indisputable racist if that was a white
person there's no way she would have
said he should be deported important
aware okay and dr. Dow lives in America
and is a US citizen it afforded to wear
but in her mind he's not why so deformed
or wherever
because only whites matter Ann Coulter
you're an unbearable scum of the earth
racist you're what's wrong with America
if you liked this video you probably
like independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
