I am told that there is a controversy
surrounding Bernie Sanders and that
perhaps he should withdraw from any idea
of running in 2020 gee I wonder who
would want him to do that
could it be the entire Republican Party
and the entire Democratic establishment
and all of a sudden out comes all these
stories about how his wife is under
investigation so let's tell you about
that and then you make up your own mind
and we'll ask you at then actually
whether you think this is a real issue
or not so the New York Times headline
from over the weekend inquiry into
Bernie Sanders wife may tarnish his
liberal luster okay again at the end I
want you two guys to tell us if it's
tarnished because it could be like if
you thought oh wait a minute he's a
hypocrite or something then then believe
me progressives would be very very
concerned about that so let's find out
what this is about New York Times
reports the couple and many of their
supporters maintain that the
investigation is politically motivated
and that it was set in motion by Vermont
state chairman for Donald J Trump's
presidential campaign
Brady tone Singh that sentence makes it
sound like it's in question as to
whether it was started by Brady toasting
the couple and their supporters claimed
that this is politically motivated and
it was started by a Trump guy so was it
hey you don't have to give me your
thoughts as a New York Times reporter on
whether it's politically motivated but
yeah it was started by a Trump guy so
it's a kind of a weird way of writing
that sentence that already makes you
think like I mean that's what they're
saying you know we're probably gonna say
this Democrats say that I guess we'll
never find out anyway as you can see
here no it is toasting in his letter of
complaint to the federal prosecutor mr.
toh Singh who was then vice chairman of
the Vermont Republican Party said he was
requesting quote an investigation to
what appears to be a federal loan fraud
involving the sale of Roman Catholic
Diocese of Burlington headquarters so he
the Trump guy is the guy who throws in
the ass in Derry word of fraud reports
it to the FBI there's an update on that
that is very important at the end of
this story but let's find out what the
whole story is in the first place the
charges revolve around the six and a
half million dollar bank loan that was
obtained with a promise that college
donors would quickly
payback at least 2.6 million dollars of
the debt they did not miss Sanders was
ousted in the college went belly up
now if you're concerned about that
particular college in Vermont okay
that's fair and and if you were trustee
you went there it does there's a hundred
reasons to be concerned and if you
charged Jane Sanders with mismanagement
and all these facts were correct then
you'd say okay and then Wow it turns out
the Senators wife is not that great at
management okay but that might be a fair
charge but wait where did fraud come out
of this she asked for debt and and then
they couldn't they didn't have enough
money and and then it had consequences
okay well the college need to
demonstrate that it had the financial
resource to pay the bank loan which it
did with miss Sanders assurances that it
would receive 2.6 million dollars in
donations and increases enrollment mr.
Dunn said okay so it turns out that they
didn't get as much enrollment as she is
thought or donations now nobody at a
bank goes oh if Jay Sanders or anyone
says that enrollments gonna increase
well then it must increase that's a true
statement I'm gonna write that
oh it didn't increase that's fraud
that's preposterous that was her best
estimate as to what would come in in
donations and an enrollment everyone
knows you can't possibly know that ahead
of time you're taking your best guess
and your job at the bank is to figure
out if that's a worthy credit credit
worthy endeavor and and whether you're
taking an appropriate amount of risk or
not now I know there's a guy in the
Republican Party who says bankruptcies
are awesome he's the president he's
gotten bankrupt six different times and
when asked about it over and over in the
campaign he said well that's the smart
thing to do in business you just go
bankrupt and then you're okay any of
your debts haha the guy brags about it
six different times six businesses
bankrupt bankrupt bankrupt bankrupt
bankrupt no problem there Jane Sanders
thought that enrollment wouldn't
the college but it didn't that's a
mistake is that intentionally telling an
untruth how would she know maybe
enrollment would have increased of
course that's not fraud of course not
and again the updates gonna show you
that actually no one I thinks it is this
is all made up from the Trump guy the
fact that Democrats some Democrats are
certainly on social media and then
certainly leaking to reporters are
backing this charge up why he's the most
popular politician in the country needs
in your party he's on your side
he caucuses with you he's in Democratic
leadership now but if Bernie won the
other guys wouldn't if his ideas win
well the establishment doesn't and their
donors don't win so let's take it you
know smear job from Trump and back it in
the press and by the way let's sprinkle
another smear job and the New York Times
throws in the senator had already taken
some grief last year for purchasing a
$575,000 vacation home on Lake Champlain
this is what they do to every person
that has any money at all who's actually
trying to do the right thing oh hi al
gore trying to save the planet was Craig
fighting climate change so that we would
all have the rising sea levels and the
disastrous storms the center but he has
money got him he's got a nice home in
Nashville
he's got this he's got that and yet he
still wants to do the right thing what
do you want him to do be like oh if
you're if you're rich but a greedy prick
that's a good thing right like oh yeah I
chase I want lower taxes the Koch
brothers yes Sheldon Adelson wait you're
rich and you want to help people how
dare you you're a hypocrite but Bernie
Sanders is not riches all the poorest
senators there is all but he's got a
vacation home I would look everywhere
it's differed in LA $575,000 I don't
know if it gets you a one-bedroom
apartment okay so anyway why Olivia the
lap of luxury so look it's a big amount
for average American I get it he's one
of the poorest senators FDR was rich and
you're rich we're trying to help the
poor yeah that's right okay that's not a
bad thing that's a good thing so so but
they just sprinkle that in as if like
it's a worthy char
because why he's just muddy the waters
money.the what is that people go out and
go I don't know man I hear he's losing
his you know
luster with progressives I hear it's
tarnished alright somebody said FBI I
don't know okay so who's gonna jump in
all the guys who were centrist like so
Stu looser or looser or whatever he's
that media strategist worked for Michael
Bloomberg who made all his money of
course in finance says about Sanders if
you're unable if you aren't able to give
a good gold watch speech he's done great
things and we're all grateful for him
and apply he's ready for her time and
you're not gonna be able to do anything
he's saying the Democrats should tell
him hey okay here's a gold watch now
piss off he's an old man he continues
he's an old man from a predominantly
white state with decades of politics on
guns and other issues that are
problematic for Democratic candidates
okay Stu then why is he the most popular
politician in the country right now
Hillary Clinton says 35 percent approval
Donald Trump's a 36 percent approval
Bernie Sanders in the last poll I so is
that 61 percent approval this single
most popular politician or senator so
tell me again about it the gold watch
speech you see these Democrats don't
want Bernie to run and has nothing to do
with policy if they cared about policy
they would put Bernie on a pedestal they
said look at this guy he's so popular
and he's winning with what was supposed
to be democratic ideas oh but the donors
would be upset
so let's smear him instead okay now the
update to the story the FBI source for
information that sparked a probe into
the wife of Senator Bernie Sanders
admitted this week that the information
he passed along was hearsay according to
a local Vermont television station so
this is the hill reporting this so same
guy Brady tone saying the lawyer who
pass on the information the FBI
reportedly got his information from
Republican state representative Don
Turner who told WCA X TV in Vermont that
he heard the information from friends
this is preposterous so you have a local
Republican politician saying I heard it
friends I guess and then he tells
toasting who is the Trump guy in Vermont
and he's like good enough who cares it
doesn't have to be true it just has to
work as a smear and don't worry he
probably thought accurately a lot of the
Democrats will secretly help us you
think they'll rise the Bernie suppress
are you seeing anyone on TV a Democrats
going out there doing Bernie's the guy
this is an outrageous charge is not true
it's led by this Trump smear campaign
where are you guys where are was the
Democratic I go to recent darahannah Tea
Party leadership oh when you want him
out front in a speech so you can draw a
crowd all of a sudden yeah Bernie you
want ratings on MSNBC all of a sudden
it's a Bernie Sanders town-hall event
but when he needs your help on a BS
charge nowhere to be found
funny how that works and let's go back
to Turner the guy who heard from friends
that this might have happened Turner
told wcx TV that he wouldn't have shared
the information with federal officials
that it was so unreliable that the guy
who kind of got the information in the
first place
he has no direct knowledge of it would
not have turn it into officials the trip
it's like who cares truth doesn't matter
don't worry soon the New York Times will
do our job for us and they'll smear them
all over the place and then we'll turn
around and then go of the New York Times
Senate I didn't say the New York Times
Senate will start the story and then the
mainstream media the Democratic Party
and the entirely the Republican Party
will look to put a hatchet in Bernie's
back don't worry we got this and so far
that's almost exactly how it's gone yet
now look that's my opinion on it but you
guys are incredibly independent and and
some of you disagree with me on the
right so let me disagree with me on the
left so okay let's get your thoughts on
it your your progressive audience or do
you think his image is tarnished that's
so what we're asking you will the
inquiry into James Sanders tarnish
Bernie Sanders progressive reputation
you tell us audience maybe the New York
Times is right maybe this is really
concerning I mean she thought enrollment
is gonna go up and it didn't and it
didn't because she's not a
fortune-teller
maybe you think this is a super
important FBI investigation and they're
this disqualifies Bernie Sanders okay
all right I'm curious to see what you
guys gonna think about it and we'll give
you the poll results when we have them
so this is the best line of attack they
have against Bernie Sanders it's pretty
pathetic
finally establishment you nervous bro
all of a sudden before it was a joke
enough hurt it's got no chance of
winning and you had all your dumbass
pundits go out there and talking about
out no chance he has no chance he's for
Vermont he's a socialist no chance at
all and then he closed a 60 point lead
on Hillary Clinton when he had no name
recognition and she had all the name
recognition in the world and you had
your dumbass pundits go out there and go
oh wow I mean he didn't did it okay so
you don't know that in politics that
name recognition is an enormous factor
you're not gonna mention that you're not
gonna mention that he closed a 60 point
lead you're just gonna go ahead
he didn't win the primary so I guess
Hillary's more popular does she look
more popular now 35 or 61 but
nonetheless nobody out there defending
him in the mainstream media all of a
sudden he's got no friends and they turn
around and they look at this and they go
obscure I don't know man sure I hear
fraud that's what that's what I'm
hearing so you know how these guys
operate and it is gross Bernie at 79
Bernie at a hundred and nine but it is
interesting that they're coming now
because apparently they're afraid of
them you don't smear someone like this
whether you're Republican or a Democrat
or in the media unless you're scared so
don't worry
in reality what this story tells you is
Bernie's got them on the run if you like
this video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
