this is one of our viewers and he
decided to do a drawing of the the
justice democracy League loose okay so
you're gonna enjoy lots of the parts of
this only one part I love yes we'll get
to that
so let's go back to one so you get a
little bit closer look there so so why
is Dylan Ratigan the guy in the middle
all right so I am apparently Superman
I'll take it
god bless I think Ben makes an excellent
Batman there sure thinks he makes it's
so unfair the only thing more fair that
is Michael sure look at how good he
looks at I know that is the good Michael
sure yeah that's really sure and he
looks buff and that's a nice green
lantern train stops being a good my
culture so Anna's Wonder Woman there as
you can tell I think these all look
great
Jamie's Aquaman so now the actor who
plays Aquaman is like the biggest tough
guy there is he's the ace of amalah yeah
he's a Khal Drogo from Game of Thrones
and then for curiously David Arquette is
Captain America no oh by the way sorry I
said one is mark R or knee which makes
sense for ornery art.com and so that's
West Clark as Captain America now let's
go to a graphic to which is the other
side of this then you've got jr. it's an
excellent flash that's a great jr. yeah
that's that if you don't know Jarrah has
an arm full of superheroes know that he
could be on that now should be on his
own the Boy Wonder
yeah yeah we're gonna help me ask about
jsjr wearing a codpiece there's some
shading going on there yeah refrain from
acting there as speaking out there okay
so the Boy Wonder
curiously barack obama has joined
I like the Pais I do like clients like
yes
so that's John I draw I don't know why
you're here to be sneering
yeah you can't immediately tell it to me
so and your blood you look blonde kind
of yeah we're blood it's a blonde Obama
or a Giovanni Ribisi yeah or maybe it
may be a trey gowdy taking a
note the only two people showing laser
Ana and John but that hey working outs
working out of you okay
all right graphic three is just more of
us in the middle that looks good it's a
goddess you me and Dylan Ratigan nice
abs yeah not remotely true okay we're
moving forward that's your family get
towards her but Ben of course the the
glasses wearing superhero
even Superman took the glasses okay now
here comes our favorite part graphic
file oh yeah okay so now that is steve-o
from aggressive progresses but also the
Friday post game Malcolm flesh nur from
the Friday post game reporting in an
aggressive progressives an aggressive
progressives and old-school from time to
time so Michael is not a lot of the
shows and then and then our our friend
our old friend Dave Koehler yeah so that
is so Steve yes except that's short
I don't think and certainly games not
that short they've tale not that long
okay
so Dave Koehler also on the Friday post
game so that's that core they're the
Wonder Twins Malcolm and Steve what's
this oblique who's that what's the name
of the monkey for the Wonder Twins
anybody remember I don't really know the
lead not because I know cuz I think
somebody said that the name of the
monkeys gleep gleep gleep gleep so Dave
Koehler playing gleep there okay so
thank you Mark we appreciate it
let's go back to the main one for a
second for and so we have this at the
office so and I have a big one I you got
it let's let's show you I mean you're
seeing it better there than you will
when I show it to you in person a big
version yeah we do we do I have the
smaller version that version is in my
office so mark super appreciate anyway
and we love it when the when our viewers
participate some of our best shirt is
awesome are I hope you can see it yeah
I'm gonna make a super turn the there's
two op sizes this one it looks great too
it covers me so sure oh are we doing
this I'm sure okay I don't know you tell
me mark so yeah I just won this one I
want to gleep shirt
the Wonder Twins shirt would be awesome
yeah all right 10% the proceeds could go
to justice yeah well you have adjusted
emigrants khloga kind of their take on
it so I our viewers are the ones who
make our shirts and are some of our best
shirts
so some of our strongest shirts we had
the best Church from the best viewers
that actually is true though two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
