about a week ago a Trump sat down with
Vladimir Putin and reports coming out of
that meeting of what was talked about
what wasn't talked about there were
massive disagreements but on Putin's
side they said that Trump actually did
ask about the election and he was asked
multiple times and that a Putin told him
he hadn't done it and that Trump
accepted that now in his talks with
reporters on Air Force One Trump says
that that's not a fair characterization
of what actually happened even though
his description is very similar but he
does say that he asked Putin a couple of
times and Putin denied it very strongly
in Trump's words and then Trump said
this I told him I said look we can't we
can't have now he said absolutely not
twice what do you do end up in a
fistfight with somebody okay and so he
apparently stopped asking questions
because he was worried that Vladimir
Putin was gonna punch him now Putin does
wrestle with bears so that's a valid
concern I probably would be worried
about that too but this is Trump the guy
who said that he's going to be a
vigorous defender of America and he's
gonna be strong in his negotiations but
he apparently backed off because he was
worried about physical violence so right
before that he had said what I asked him
were you involved he said very strongly
I said to him second time totally
different were you involved cuz we can't
let that happen
I mean I'm very strong on that yeah so
but let me get this right you're very
strong on it but after you asked him
twice and he said no I'm not involved
you just let it go
a wink I would have only asked once yeah
so wait remind you where this strength
is yeah so your only options are not I'm
gonna let it go and never do anything
about it or get into a fistfight there
is another option
it's called diplomatic consequences so
whether it's sanctions or King out some
of their folks like Obama did what you
brought back into the country by the way
thank you for bringing more Russian
spies in anyway so of course there are
other options but and I'm also amused
everything is strong his his Putin
strongly denies it so it must be true
right right but Oh Trump is really
strong if it you know if he had to be
but he's not cuz he doesn't want to get
in a fistfight strong but everything is
strong yeah like houses
strong to walk away and go oh okay I
guess I'm not gonna do anything about it
you just it diplomatically just punched
us in the face and I'm not gonna do any
a damn thing about it because I asked
you twice and you said no twice there is
no strength in that yeah now looky so as
you alluded to he did say he once again
said that the whole thing is just a
witch hunt didn't actually happen he
doesn't think Russia did it but he
thinks that we do need to stop it from
happening again he talks about the
possibility that it was China but number
one we can't have this happen again in
our elections and so whether you think
Russia was involved whether you totally
disagree with that and you think it's
all just a bits just made up it's a
delusion the intelligence PETA doesn't
what they're talking about and maybe it
was China or maybe it wasn't China in
fact maybe it wasn't a state at all it
was just hackers regardless of whoever
you think did all this stuff he says we
need to make sure it doesn't happen
again what has he done what since the
election has been done to stop this from
happening whether it was Russia or China
or Czechoslovakia or some random guy in
Tampa regardless of who it was is there
any new security any new assurance that
this sort of thing won't happen in the
future I defy any Trump supporter or
lover to explain what and also know
anything even though he's implying
that's the number-one priority is
stopping it from happening the future
even though he encouraged it as a
candidate yes
hack away hack away yeah I'm pretty sure
though it's not Czechoslovakia because
they don't exist stop it so I apologize
to our fans in Czechoslovakia does he
also has the Czech Republic you know
they're changing their name to Czechia
didn't really know that I would I would
caution against that way to Czech
Republic sounds sound stuff Czech wrong
sounds like a gum choose the name of
random I didn't expect this but um they
also talked about the sanctions I was
trying to come up with something random
anyway so question but you wouldn't sign
a new sanctions bill if it passes the
house talking about sanctions
potentially against Russia and he said
this well I'm not talking about new I'm
talking about the old sanctions wait we
got to get this right ready I think I
said it right but just in case we have
very heavy sanctions on Russia right now
I would not and have never even thought
about taking them off somebody said
Donald Trump wants to I don't want to
take them off I saw
and I read a report that Trump wants to
take off the sanctions I've made a lot
of money I've made great deals that's
what I do why would I take sanctions off
without getting anything so if you just
left it at that and and when I read that
portion of the transcript I was like
woah that's really clear on the record
I'm surprised I'm surprised he said it
no no he said I would never take off the
sanctions right I mean you can't get any
clearer than that
then I without getting anything no no
hold hold now remember before you got to
the I'm the businessman etc he was
saying no I would never take them off
Yeah right and then I thought it's Trump
it doesn't matter what he says his turn
around to say the opposite two days
later right but it turns out no later he
went on to say no no no no we're not
going to take off the stashes until we
resolve what's going on in Syria and
Ukraine but and by the way in his mind
as he explained Syria's already resolved
yeah they did a cease fire and Ukraine
well as that much left to resolve in
Ukraine so that means I'll never take
off the sanctions except I might take
them off next week when I declare
Ukraine mission accomplished Yeah right
and blame Hillary Clinton and and the
Obama administration for Ukraine - which
he does at every turn it's amazing how
he still thinks he's running for
something which you know a lot of people
who are in elected office just continue
doing it but the way he frames even now
as he's going to France in this press
conference framing everything as having
to do with yeah terrible though that was
a beauty that they did that terrible
deal that they did and what which which
politicians do but he so loves
campaigning that he keeps saying it as
if that's gonna bring success because it
got him to the wall yeah yeah he was
talking about both Dakota access and a
keystone XL pipeline and he was bragging
about how they were dead they were never
gonna happen
Hillary wasn't gonna do it but I did it
I got it done what like regardless of
whether you think that's consistent with
what Hillary Clinton whatever wouldn't
have done why are you why are you why is
she in your mind at this point she's
literally hiking yet he can't get past
that by the way in the Dakota access
pipeline he said I was giving great
credit for that one by who I know what I
assumed the executives exactly that's
exactly right
assume they like it and and guys in case
you're worried that he is gonna lift the
sanctions which is what Russia wanted
all along and by the way Donnell we do
have an answer for what you would have
gotten in returned
how are those loans with Russia going
these days
we haven't gotten hurt any because we
know you took loans from Russia in order
to build the golf courses your idiot
sons admitted that so you want to give
us the state of those loans so it's in
the tax returns is being audited yeah
but don't worry about any of that
because in the midst of that
conversation he also said let's be the
smart people not to stupid people oh
what's wrong with that given it even you
wait you wait and then you choose smart
that said this seems to indicate that
perhaps were not the smart people after
all TYT membership gets your
commercial-free Young Turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
