this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm this is a thesis I had
in regards to Nike and then I touched
someone that didn't confirm it ad he
doesn't have inside information but
seemed to think that based on the people
that he knows that that my thesis was
correct so which is that the nike
accountants looked around did the math
on younger Americans and realized it was
not close that younger Americans are
overwhelmingly progressive so the
supporting Kapernick even though it's
considered by older Americans as
controversial which would have been
unthinkable for a giant brand like Nike
when they actually looked at the numbers
we're like no we should do the so-called
controversial thing you only think it's
controversial because you're 55 or 65 or
75 but some of us are almost there right
so but for a younger generation of
supporting Kaepernick is not remotely
controversial in fact it'll sell more
product and because people will be so
excited about what we've done that
they're more likely to buy Nike and the
progressive younger people are about 80%
progressive so if you excite 20% of them
30% of them
that'll weigh more than make up for the
the tiny percentage that is now
conservative losing interests are
burning their Nikes it doesn't explain
why Rockport also endorsed
capron the old I also think that there's
you know the idea that any publicity is
good publicity there were probably
people at Nike who thought that too
but you're right I mean unbalanced
you're a thousand percent right
and so to that point real quick it thank
you for a second and then we'll have a
little bit of fun here by doing the
superheroes that we promised you guys so
I I read an article by cab earning that
we almost sit on the ship as usual ran
out of time who can find time in a
six-hour broadcast where Nike made uh I
think it was at the time which is at the
end of last week a hundred and sixty
three million dollars in had in free
media okay
to your point that is a giant win it's
crazy
yeah on the other hand on the first day
that they announced it because the
people who are in the stock market are
old they thought it was crazy
controversial and they didn't crash the
stock for the stock dip so cost him
about three billion dollars I was I was
in I was in in Congress that day I was
on the hill and Barry Loudermilk was a
very conservative representative from
Georgia like a good ol boy cat was
talking to another representative forget
to see from a beanie
he's comin all Benny no Benny
he definitely not from Albania Oh Benny
was like part of the civil rights
movement Berryman Loudermilk is from
another part of the state yeah but but
he said to his colleague and I don't
know who it was his back was to me he
said can you believe Nike I mean they
just want to go out of business this is
just great I wish we had that on camera
but that's an excellent
you know microcosm but what's happening
in the country so so on a night like
this this is another microcosm so the
New York race that we've been covering
all night the big progressive candidates
loose Cynthia Nixon loses
Jumaane Williams loses his bid for
lieutenant governor that was a much much
closer race as then for teach out we had
a lot of high hopes for and at this
point it looks like she she has lost her
bid for attorney general but you go
further down and there was all these IDC
incumbents that were constantly kept
voting with the Republic
and we're doing old school politics and
thought they weren't gonna get caught
well looks like they got caught coz six
out of the eight have already lost it
probably be that that count by the end
of the night
so three quarters of the IDC guys wiped
out there's another socialist who won in
the state of New York tonight
lots of young progressives like Jessica
Ramos winning and and so younger
generation coming up the ranks as some
of the old guard holds on and my guess
is Nike stock price will go back up and
then up and up and up because they made
the correct calculation so that's in the
in the business world but in the voting
world that is why the Trump's of the
world are so angry in his voters you
think like hey you guys are in charge
what he's so angry about they know that
they're hanging on by their fingernails
and in the number that I keep repeating
to you guys because I think it is
everything is that in 2016
eat white evangelical voters had an 85
percent voter turnout that is
unbelievable unprecedented and 81
percent of them voted for Donald Trump
so they are never going to have that
kind of numbers again and and he ran
against the worst possible candidate was
totally Pro establishment in an
anti-establishment era and they and he
lost my three million votes anyway and
he squeaked by on 78 thousand votes in
three states that gave him the electoral
college
if they keep going like this and they
certainly are going like this they might
never win another national election and
it's the way that the demographics are
going for the younger generations so you
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
I would agree with you except their
opponents are Democrats yeah look if
anyone can find a way to snatch defeat
from the jaws of victory
it is the Democratic Party and they're
trying hard right right now but they
want to run Bloomberg now today there
was a headline Bloomberg's at a run a
billionaire from New York
against a billionaire from New York what
the hell is matter with people so I add
Twitter outside number 368 way for the
Democrats to lose again that's what
they're yeah
so they'll try hard and will try hard
and so and and that brings us to where
we are right now which is this is the
last night of the 2018 primaries the
next election will cover is a general
election don't miss that November 6 that
it's going to be a gigantic night always
TYT dot-com / live on election nights so
what we told you at the beginning of the
2018 primaries was 2018 is a warm-up act
if we can get some just Democrats in the
Congress and we get some progressive
victories that'll set up 2020 so far we
got a lot more victories than anyone
would have expected and perhaps we would
have expected 26 Justice Democrats have
moved on to the general election seven
are nearly guaranteed victories and will
go to Congress and then you've got
governors like Ben Jealous governor or
gubernatorial candidates right now like
Ben Jealous and they have a shot at
winning their races so if right now we
have made these strides within this
Democratic Party that what dude does not
want to relinquish the old ways in the
warm-up act now imagine what we could do
in 2020 because every year we gain in
strength and they lose in strength and
when I say we and they I mean
progressive challengers versus the
establishment you know and the
Republican Party is clearly the
establishment was so is a lot of a
Democratic Party so in this case time is
our friend now at the same time they
know that so going in the opposite
direction is their quest to close the
window on us before we have demographic
and ideological advantages they cannot
overcome so how do they close the window
one is money in politics so tonight
Andrew Cuomo won convincingly now
there's a lot of different reasons for
that we talked throughout the night
about the power of incumbency etcetera
another reason is this that John gave
earlier
at the end of the election Cynthia Nixon
had spent four hundred fifty thousand
dollars that's a lot of money Andrew
Cuomo has spent eight and a half million
dollars so did that have a lot to do
with it of course of course it's a giant
amount of money so the more they have
money in politics the more they can
protect their incumbency and their
establishment and their status quo now
the other way that they close the window
is your kill net neutrality this
internet is driving us crazy keeps
pointing out the things that we're doing
wrong and we can't
it's whack-a-mole let's say we shut down
this organization and then the Guardian
report says go after them and then TYT
doesn't we go after them then the
intercept does it it's driving them
crazy you kill net neutrality and maybe
you close that window and if you close
enough windows we can have all the
advantages in the world but they can
lock up power look another thing that is
happening right now on the Republican
side is democracy Shema cracy right they
are literally challenging the idea of
the 17th amendment if you're not
familiar with the 17th amendment I don't
blame you it's a direct election of
senators they're saying do I really have
to have direct elections what right so
why do you do that you do that if you
think I got no chance of the democracy
I'm not gonna win at the national level
I gotta end this thing and look at all
the things that Trump is doing oh the
dictators are great they make their
people stand up and applaud for them
they should do that for here do we
really need rule of law this attorney
Channel why won't he investigate my
political opponents he says it brazenly
out in front of everybody why won't he
just let me go here if I break the rule
of law in other words let's get rid of
democracy so but that goes to their
desperation if they cannot close that
window and and I that's why I think
2020s everything it's everything if they
close the window on us then I don't know
what happens but if they can't close it
in time and we get our candidates in in
2020 they're toast because the future is
totally ours thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
