Bernie Sanders always says or often says
Amana Colonies on the stump one of the
go-to lines is that the United States is
the only developed country in the world
without universal health care and we all
know that they have universal health
care throughout Europe they got in Japan
they've got an Israel or else they have
it Mexico Russia Russia and Syria yeah I
don't know if we could really counts in
Syria right now is in practice oh but
yeah so the point is I was in Syria I
walked in I got a corn taken off of my
finger no bill I walked right out in
Syria I don't know what that is but so
but the question what's interesting to
me is that nobody seems to know why
we're the only country we know why we
can't have it now it's because there are
entrenched interests right but how did
those interests get entrenched here when
in other countries all the rest across
the developed world that didn't happen
and they developed universal health care
so tell us so out well I will tell you
so the story of universal health care
begins in Prussia in the late 19th
century with grab an image gentleman by
the name of Bismarck thank you
mispronounce that's called Russia what
did you say well you know may-maybe the
whole time dining Trump jr. was meeting
with Prussian interests anyway this is
Otto von Bismarck and he not only
proposed the first modern welfare state
but also in 1883 proposed the sickness
insurance law which really be precursor
to modern universal health care and it's
actually known as the Bismarck plan in
many European countries that have really
health care the the way that it's set up
so but realistically until I've heard
this I don't there's no any evidences
but I've heard from my physician friends
that around 1900 was around the break
the point where you if you went to see a
doctor you were had a better chance of
the doctor healing you than making you
worse before then you know they had all
sorts of strange you know they didn't
know about germs bleeding they bleed you
later yeah exactly
but then after 1900 medical practices
improved to the extent where you were
probably better off going to a doctor
than not when you were sick so and
that's when people started to go to
doctors and go to hospitals and so and
then in the Progressive Era the
progressives
promoted the idea of universal health
care
which was then known as sickness
insurance but this is gonna shock you
the American Medical Association not in
favor they called it guess what
socialized medicine and so the idea was
defeated even though progressive
supported Teddy Roosevelt and Teddy
Roosevelt he was I mean he was there
candid I'm not sure if he necessarily
supported universal health care but but
anyway during that time many urban US
workers gained access to what's called
sickness insurance yeah and they've got
the wrong image there but we'll get to
it through employer based sickness funds
so a lot of a number of Americans got
used to associating insurance with their
employers and that paved the way sort of
for third-party health insurance in the
1930s but before then in the late 20s
this is when people go to hospital now
because they could actually be healed
they had x-rays they had anesthesiology
you had surgeries that could actually
heal you so people start going to the
hospital but they couldn't pay for the
hospital bills so but patients would
typically spend a number of days in the
hospital but they couldn't pay for it
and this was problematic so one solution
was established in 1929 Baylor
University in Dallas Texas they made a
deal with a group of teachers where the
teachers would pay $0.50 a month in
exchange for Baylor providing them with
two weeks a year of hospital care if
they need it if they didn't then they
just you know so this is the first this
is the first real employer-based health
care system where the the workers
combined to insure themselves and it was
a good deal for Baylor it was good deal
for the the teachers that grew and grew
and eventually this became what we know
today is blue cross but the problem is
the Great Depression hit and hospitals
people weren't going allows because I
couldn't afford it and Franklin
Roosevelt in 1935 wanted to include a
publicly funded health care program with
the social security legislation that was
passed in 1935 we all know about Social
Security but he pulled the social
security healthcare element out of the
social security bill peak at the behest
of the American Medical Association who
again derided it as socialized medicine
so they kept saying they kept beating
that and so it failed but we did get
Social Security but as part of the New
Deal FDR had and I think we have an
image of FDR signing the
the Social Security Act in 1935 areas so
all right so now we move on to World War
two you see can you see that picture
again I don't see that guy in the right
there Larry bud Melman there he is hey
looking good Larry and what old
reference yeah who knows Larry but no
that's fuckin may he rest in peace Larry
bud Melman could calm everybody ailment
like that but what's his name
they look kinda like both smaller guys
sort of a you know wore suits too big
for them so um okay so during World War
two what happened very pivotal during
World War Two there were wage and price
controls instituted by the federal
government so companies could not
attract or retain workers by offering
higher wages so they had to figure out
something they could offer to to give
the potential employees and their
employees a reason to stay or to hire
and what they came up with was
employer-based health care plans they
didn't have to that that wasn't covered
by the wage freezes so they were able to
do that and then this further entrenched
the idea that employees would be getting
their health care provided or these
insurance provided through their worker
the their employer so and then you've
had a couple of changes in the tax law
in 1943 and 1954 the IRS who which made
it non tax-free you're you're healthier
employer-based health care would be
tax-free so that made it more
advantageous to continue that practice
and because of these tax changes
participation in these employer based
plans grew from 9% of the population
nineteen forty to sixty three percent by
nineteen fifty three sets thirteen years
and it skyrocketed and that by then it
was pretty much in place but before then
we have Harry Truman remember Harry
Truman he was a supporter of universal
health care but when he was president in
1946 and the very only anti-communist
Russian the Republicans rush like a
Russian on the brain of mania dammit
Republicans to control Congress and they
labeled his plan socialized medicine he
couldn't get past it was opposed by the
AMA as well as the American Bar
Association and the American Hospital
Association and this is what's
interesting and I would leave I would
all those associations I think they're
there it's an interesting question but
at the time they you know this was the
beginning of the Cold War and anything
even remotely associated with communism
obviously is but with the AMA you got
you're talking about government
controlling costs and government
imposing cost controls and doctors
hospitals not being able to charge okay
okay so that's it they want to be able
to charge that they want right you know
you're with the government coming in you
can't do and this was before hospitals
had to take care of people right so now
that they have to take care of people I
think they're a little bit more open to
the idea of preventive medicine yes
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
debt
Kratt so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member it helps support shows like the
aggressive progressives who are pissed
off at corporate Democrats go to tea
white tea network.com slash join it's
only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
