a man in Portland Oregon was arrested
and charged with a hate crime his name
is Frederick Nolan Sorrell and he
allegedly harassed a Muslim couple from
his car for more than 20 blocks during
which time he allegedly made multiple
attempts to strike the victim's vehicle
he also made pointing hand gestures that
were said to be resembling pulling the
trigger of a gun and a shot of things
like take off your effing burka this is
America and go back to your effing
country now he did get arrested and
there was a local news station KGW it's
a TV station in Portland that caught up
with him right after his arraignment and
asked him a few questions and he seems
somewhat remorseful take a look is going
to work I never tried to follow them I
never tried to be contact with them
after the sad shouldn't be laughing no
no no no way that was way too funny
so look I think his apology was
heartfelt because of some other quotes
at all but I'm so glad that that station
will put the linked up to their whole
report in the description box caught up
with him because that shit was funny it
was funny it was funny and I'll tell you
why because at the moment he's a tough
guy
okay like Oh new country and then when
he realizes Oh running them off the road
is illegal and I might go to jail so the
next time if somebody's a tough guy room
or that face so he contradicted himself
while he was talking to the television
station because in that video obviously
he's kind of denying guilt however he
later on said this I guess my fear and
paranoia I just yelled out I don't go on
social media looking to hate on people I
guess my ignorance and my stupidity is
why I opened my mouth and I shouldn't
have said I shouldn't have and I claim
full responsibility said that's a great
apology yeah it is I think is that rich
some PR person didn't write that apology
for him that was real so maybe I'm wrong
and maybe I'm getting suckered by it and
then
as soon as if he doesn't get jail time
he's back out the yelling at Muslims or
whatever but that to me felt like man
that was so stupid and I am beginning to
realize why that was so ignorant I feel
like maybe through this experience we
don't know enough but that apology and
all the other things I read about him
made me believe that maybe this
experience made him realize oh right
Americans like everybody else that was
so stupid of me why did I get wrapped up
in that moment of hatred but look in
Oregon and of course everywhere but yet
he is super seriously he did that just a
couple of days after that guy stabbed a
couple of people for defending yes
public transportation stabbed and killed
two individuals that were speaking up
and protecting a Muslim woman on the
train so yeah it that was a really dumb
thing for Sorrell to do and look I'm
glad he's remorseful and I feel a little
bad a little bad laughing at the fact
that he was crying like that but I mean
yeah let's look that's to me that's good
enough justice because he's got to live
with that and and he said I'm sorry I
blurted out what I blurted out my
paranoia my fear and so that to me seems
like a real recognition of of what he
was doing wrong now I'm not the judge
and jury in Oregon and they'll decided
what to do with him and it is pretty
serious if he was trying to run him off
the road and that could have a lot of
consequences but I'm giving him the
benefit of the doubt I think he learned
from it and if if we all have
conversations around these things and we
all learn from it and as a country we
grow from it that's not such a bad thing
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network com /join
