an update on the Shia LeBouf LaBeouf I
keep calling him LeBouf I don't know why
it's not weird you know what knows what
it is but it's definitely it's
definitely not LeBouf although LeBouf is
awesome and I wish it was the booth he
is a bit of a LeBouf okay okay
Shia LaBeouf has apologized for his
behavior after he got arrested for
public intoxication in Georgia now this
whole situation began when he approached
police officers and asked them for a
cigarette
that's when words were exchanged and he
became so belligerent that police
decided to arrest him and that resulted
in a number of videos being released to
the public which showed just how badly
he was intoxicated and how badly he was
treating the cops now he has released an
apology for his behavior but before I
get to that apology I do want to maybe
refresh your memory or show you the
video in case you missed the story take
a look
but have my gonna close it up you're a
bitch news not your shit you do nothing
fucking bitch coward fuck you and your
legacy you got a kid hope so so you can
know what the fuck know so is going
you're a bitch
four leagues not four years I'll get
four leagues you're a pirate bitch put a
white man in the pan for what fucking
bitch for asking for a black man for a
cigarette that's your a conscience I pay
my taxes you dumb bitch you bout to meet
my lawyer
yeah okay so that happened and now he is
apologizing and he posted the following
on Twitter I'm gonna go ahead and read
it to you guys he says I'm deeply
ashamed of my behavior and make no
excuses for it I don't know if these
statements are too frequent or not
shared often enough but I am certain
that my actions warn a very sincere
apology to the arresting officers and I
am grateful for their restraint and they
did show a lot of restraint the severity
of my behavior is not lost on me my
outright disrespect for authority is
problematic to say the least and
completely destructive to say the worst
it is a new low although I hope is a
bottom I have been struggling with
addiction publicly far to for far too
long and I'm actively taking steps
towards securing my sobriety and I hope
I can be forgiven for my mistakes look
that was a fine apology I hope he does
get help because he clearly does have
some sort of substance abuse problem
yeah so I feel bad saying this because
he almost certainly has substance abuse
problems but I'm not buying that apology
at all not 1% he did not write a word of
that apology that was PR 101 so things
like my outright disrespect for
authority is problematic you didn't
write that dude you're not even so
you didn't write that okay no person
who's it said the things he said there
wakes up in the morning and writes that
but even more obvious I am actively
taking steps towards securing my
sobriety
no person who talks like that PR people
talk like that I'm taking steps toward
securing my sobriety he didn't write
that so I give him no credit for it at
all if if this morning Shia LeBouf is
still is still saying yo this PR
statement would come out anyway it would
come out in exactly the same words so
it's of course it's possible to Shia
LaBeouf woke up in the morning was like
oh no what have I done right and is
deeply apologetic yeah but if ba or he's
not at all apologetic but we have no
idea cuz this is not his statement this
is a PR statement right I think talk is
always cheap and some people got on my
case for bringing up his past legal
problems I didn't bring that up simply
to antagonize him right and to build
like a family you don't want to do that
no look the reason why I brought that up
is because there is obviously a very
clear double standard among those who
have resources like wealth and fame and
those who are powerless and so he has
treated people in power police whatever
it is poorly in the past and he's pretty
much gotten away with it so what makes
anyone think that he would change his
behavior now you see what I'm saying
yeah I mean has substance abuse issues
he also has affluenza so like no one who
isn't really rich talks to cops like
that no of course not of course not I
mean we we know what happens to anyone
who's powerless who has the audacity to
disrespect it and but that's what but
the reason I bring that up is to back up
what Ana's saying about his history
because all the rest of us have a
history of if you say something slightly
wrong to the cops there's gonna be hell
to pay right but his history is actually
whatever the hell I wanted the cop
I can talk about his kids I could talk
talk talk about how I'm gonna bring it
gunning and shoot his head off or
whatever I can call my the part I
dislike the most I shoes when he called
him is homie please please spare me said
uh screw your what was it uh not legend
your legacy legacy like so you can go so
and then no though or something yeah
yeah
poeta crime in there like evening was
weirdly racial but I'm not sure I don't
like that's not it's a tiny tiny portion
it was either drunk or on some sort of I
don't know we're trying to make sense of
nonsense but regardless it's clear that
he has some sort of problem and I do
hope he gets help for it right yeah
and it's a common thing that you know
you see in the celebrity world and look
during the postgame shows we talked
about the downsides of being a public
figure and wealth and I think that some
it really smells with some people right
and he's a successful actor I mean I
think he's filming a movie with Brad
Pitt right now or he might have wrapped
a movie with Brad Pitt so he might seem
like he's on the top on top of the world
but in reality like he has some sort of
problem and it could be tied to the fact
that he's a celebrity yeah and so in
order watch this post games by the way
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join secondarily I when
I'm interviewed celebrities I think it
was Russell Brand but I'm not sure but
one of those guys big time guy said look
Fame doesn't cure anything no and and
and he said I thought it would and and
it turns out no it doesn't fill the hole
in your heart it doesn't help you with
anything there's it's not a cure so
sometimes it makes it worse and so look
bottom line is I do feel bad for the guy
I'm just telling you the things that are
true which said he didn't write that
statement but it look he's obviously
like that dude's got issues so and it is
of course it's a little outrageous and
horrific it's also a little funny I mean
this is I mean come on your own
for me okay I by the way I want to thank
our audience because the number of you
tweeted to me and said he doesn't say
leaks he says leagues uh yeah yeah no I
yeah I figured that but I didn't know
what he meant by leagues it means is
he's talking about nautical lemic
forever
no one everybody different that's my sad
legacy to your kids and your grandkids
your grandkids grandkids they're all
good but also so I'm so sorry but this
gave me an idea Jake wouldn't obviously
that was a publicist statement so there
needs to be like that we need to
somebody's open another like level of of
PR we're like we take your bullshit PR
people with the words you didn't use
we'll put it in laymen's normal the way
you would say terms and it makes more
believable
yeah that's hoping in that firm yeah
they should they should have a PR agency
whose whole job is to make it sound
human okay so like what could have
helped this event that the statement
they added then we would have believed
it was shy yeah help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
