I think not being willing to admit it's
like something is made you cry or some
type of thing they see cries like weird
old school like that I actually find to
be incredible weakness not be able you
know like movie like the end of
Braveheart I cannot get there Robert the
birth of speech at a very far without
tearing up like it's just gonna happen
and even like shitty TV shows and movies
if somebody like sacrifices themselves
to help other people like live is that
this is the most embarrassing example at
the end of Independence Day when Randy
Quaid flies his plane into the thing I
tear up even though at the time he's
yelling up yours hey boys I'm all but
it's he's killing himself to help but
anyway now it's gone beyond that like
okay the sacrificing stuff always gets
me but on I was watching Moana well is
this is new movie it is awesome right
kind of Ilana he did after Barney got
well I cried it by onna because I was
watching on a plane where they going in
a certain direction they can't oh yeah
bye on it if my aunt Mona is Vienna
because in Italy Moana is the name of a
very famous adult star oh so it's like
calling it the College evening movie
jenna jameson
oh my children - what part made you cry
I don't remember I just know that and at
the end I was just like this is too much
I can't handle there's some parts man
where it's just like it's like this
young girl who like is like taking your
destiny in our hands and it's so
beautiful like I just I want to feel
that inspiration whether it's a person
like giving their life for someone and
even though it's the movie I know it's a
little vanos they're trying to
manipulate with the music and everything
just gets me and I get up twice
Wonder Woman I to price three times idea
I'm a really easy cry I go I'm huge
front yeah yeah I cry what movies the
Rudy
first oh yeah so that's the thing is
like uh now I'm going to talk about like
manly stuff but also quote Sleepless in
Seattle because also sensitivity
currently I used to cry that there was
an 18 t commercial - made me cry when I
was yeah no thanks out and touch someone
yeah it was a great way to be fair
Millie
people crowd so I mean it's like yeah
you know but yeah dude I I remember
being in at 2:33
there's apartment like they're all gonna
die oh you know yeah and I was sitting
there it was I was working on the rotten
tomato show and we were saying when I
got our interns and I was like so happy
with it 3d because I was wearing goggles
and I remember putting my finger right
here - oh you do that yes here would
match like touch my finger and go down
the inside of my hand and like don't do
it man that's funny you guys say all of
that because what I was going to say on
today's show is I just watched cars
three and I cry
