according to a new analysis by ABC News
Donald Trump has spent slightly more
than 22% of his time in office at a golf
course now I know a lot of Republicans
like to dismiss these stories and say
who cares
Obama golfed yeah Obama golf but Obama
didn't spend nearly 25% of his entire
presidency golfing Obama didn't spend 37
out of 170 of his first days in office
on a golf course
Donald Trump has furthermore Donald
Trump and other Republicans including
those at Fox News love to make a big
deal about the fact that President Obama
went golfing didn't matter what was
going on in the world if Obama went
golfing at some point even after working
for a month they treated it as if he
suddenly somehow committed treason
against the United States Donald Trump
on the other hand just goes golfing
whenever the hell he feels like it as if
he has nothing better to do in the world
and that's why these stories actually do
matter folks 22% of his presidency has
been spent on a golf course do you think
he's out there talking policy do you
think he's out there making executive
decisions about the future of this
country do you think he's out there
making trade deals meeting with foreign
diplomats and dignitaries working on the
United States reputation abroad
I think he's strategizing against Isis
out there on the golf course now Donald
Trump himself during the campaign
admitted that if he ever won the
presidency he would probably never see
his golf courses again because he would
be busy quote in the White House working
my ass off that is what the president
said before he became the president just
another promise that Donald Trump
refused to keep now he could have kept
it he could have stayed away he could
have not been a lazy piece of crap but
he decided he wanted to play well let me
explain something to you mr. Trump if
you don't want to be President
you can stop okay it's not like
you're a struggling father trying to
feed your children and you're like well
I hate my job but I have to have it
because I have to provide some no no no
you chose this job you chose to run for
it and dedicate a couple years of your
life towards running for it and now you
don't want it you don't want to do any
of the work that comes along with it
well on behalf of all of the American
public or at least a majority of the
American public you can step down and we
will not be mad at you listen here's the
deal I'll make you this deal right now
you step down from the presidency
because you don't want to do the work
and I will never talk about you again
how about that I think we could get a
lot of folk and progressive media to go
ahead and make that agreement if you're
just willing to step down because
obviously you don't want to do it we'll
stop talking about you we'll move on you
can go live your life run your
businesses do whatever the hell you want
just stop ruining this country because
that's what's it's say to your folks
leaders around the world look at the
United States and what do they see do
they see a president who's a stand-up
guy who's tough but fair somebody who is
concerned about the well-being of the
United States citizens know they see a
guy who has a job that he doesn't want
to do because he just wants to go out
and have fun and play golf all the time
furthermore he's playing golf at his own
golf courses so every time he goes in
which I'm pretty sure he probably gets
admitted in for free but not everybody
does they still have to rent those golf
carts they still have to buy food and
drinks and all that Donald Trump gets
that money so not only is he not doing
work he's using our tax dollars because
that's what pays for everything the
President does and he's getting that
money back in return because he owns
those golf courses there is nothing
about this story that should make you
happy even if you're in hardcore Donald
Trump supporter you're the ones getting
screwed over the hardest on this because
his budget cuts the Republican budget
cuts are going to hurt your states the
worst meanwhile the tax dollars you are
paying are going to allow the president
to play more golf how do you feel about
that you still support
is that making America great again
because last time I checked if you
really wanted to make America great
again maybe you'd spend a few hours a
day doing your actual job
