in case anyone has forgotten our sinning
President of the United States Donald
Trump is still facing a sexual assault
sexual harassment lawsuit from former
apprentice contestant summer their votes
now according to a recent argument by
Donald Trump's lawyers in court in front
of a judge
Donald Trump has every right to calm is
there votes the woman accusing Trump of
sexual assault and sexual harassment he
has every right to call her a liar
because that's his protected speech
under the First Amendment furthermore
sexual harassment saying things to women
that they don't want to hear or that are
completely inappropriate that is also
according to Donald Trump's lawyers
protected speech under the First
Amendment of the Constitution here's a
little bit of a legal lesson for Donald
Trump's lawyers um no it's actually not
go take a First Amendment freedoms
course at any college and you'll
understand what types of speech are
protected the First Amendment does not
say that every American citizen has the
right to go out and say whatever to
whomever they want that is not how it
works
all it says basically is that the
federal government is not going to step
in and silence you on all matters there
are certainly areas where they can come
in and say you're not allowed to say
that and sexual harassment just happens
to be one of those things because sexual
harassment is against the law
Trump's lawyers I guess clearly don't
know that yet somehow still managed to
pass the bar allegedly I haven't seen
their diplomas I haven't seen their
transcripts I don't know if they
actually made it but I have to assume
that they did otherwise they wouldn't be
representing him but this particular
argument shows us two things about the
president once somehow he managed to
find attorneys who are just as big a
scumbags as he is and two it
reminds us what kind of person won the
office of the presidency now if you
think back to the 1990s when Republicans
were up in arms over the fact that Bill
Clinton may or may not have had an
affair while in the office he may or may
not have had an affair before coming
into office talking about how deplorable
this was how reprehensible it was for
the office of the president I get that
to an extent I guess but our current
president is literally being sued for
sexual assault and sexual harassment
where are all those Newt Gingrich
Republicans today decrying this saying
that this is reprehensible for a
president to do these kinds of things
and it's not as if we didn't know Trump
literally told this country that this is
what he does this is how he operates
that's what that leaked Access Hollywood
tape was all about Donald Trump is a
serial sexual harasser by his own
admission and yet Republican voters
those conservative Christian voters who
allegedly have more morals and values
than the rest of us at least that is
what they claim see no problem with this
whatsoever they also see no problem with
Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans
who do this on a daily basis blaming the
victim here calling her a liar saying
she's just out to get famous how dare
she do this why is it that in this
country we always give the benefit of
the doubt
in any case of sexual harassment sexual
assault or rape the benefit of the doubt
always goes to the man it's up to the
woman to prove beyond a doubt that these
things happened she never gets the trust
of the media I mean we have seen too
many white guys get away with this kind
of behavior for too long usually
athletes they come from wealthy families
they're going to make a ton of money
judges that tell us well I don't want to
sentence them for rape because that's
going to ruin his life forever
sorry you got raped and you're going to
live with that Petey
D of being raped for the rest of your
life but I don't want to screw up his
life too even though he ruined yours and
that's exactly what we elected in the
White House folks that is exactly what
Donald Trump is the worst case of
affluenza that this country has ever
seen
a man who lives his life without
consequence a man who blames the people
that he victimizes for their own
positions in life and his legal team is
out there today
telling a judge that it's okay that he
calls her a liar because that's
protected by the First Amendment
