hi do you like the Internet for me it's
it's how I make a living and also
sometimes interact with strangers who
call me racist things like bran favio or
said Internet has exposed us to many
amazing things like the capability to
stream all 52 episodes of Naruto
back-to-back on Netflix because I have
no social life or watching porn because
women are impossible to understand and
because I have no social life or
watching Game of Thrones which is the
show people like the Internet has also
exposed us to many awful things like
Viners Jones
Tommy Lauren well there's health visits
no flick no more calm and Viners now on
Instagram instead also my Instagram is
on the Internet at a Sandeep Iker it's
awful but why am I talking about the
internet because today is net neutrality
action day and this cringy asshat
originally tasked with protecting
consumers now wants to allow ISPs to
hold internet speeds hostage in exchange
for charging more money to web sites the
G pine why do you hate America
skinny jeans tale the Raiders people who
say acronyms like BAE and claim to be
woke what more evidence do you need
hahaha oMG Eugene you're such a
relatable millennial it's almost like
you don't want to make an already shitty
Internet experience even shittier just
so that is bees like spectrum Comcast
and Verizon can make more money also g'd
come for my friends that's fine but do
not come for woke Bay and do not come
for my internet we will take you down so
what is net neutrality net neutrality is
the principle that Internet service
providers should enable access to all
content and applications without
favoring or blocking particular products
or websites seems like a pretty American
concept right do you know what country
doesn't have net neutrality China China
China I have to have my China because
the Internet today is effectively a
utility every bit as essential as water
gas and electricity but it isn't
regulated like any of those services
despite making use of infrastructure and
public land in a similar way and it also
sure sucks like the rest of those
utilities as well but imagine for a
second if the company that supplies your
electricity also makes let's say an
electric juicer like the juice Harrow
the incredibly Valley
400 dollar juicer for all your
bourgeoisie juice needs but since you
didn't buy their brand they lowered the
voltage on your shitty off-brand not 400
dollar juicer and now if you want your
vitamins you're gonna have to suck that
thick slush out of a bag like a peasant
now if that seems ridiculous to you wake
the fuck up because that's exactly
what's going on here this whole
conversation began when Verizon started
slowing down Netflix speeds when they
decided hey we should start our own
video streaming service and those of us
who wanted to watch the Cameron dalas
documentary weren't able to and I
literally can't think of a greater
injustice than that to be honest in this
cold dark reality that we already live
in an ISPs that provide this vital and
absolutely necessary service want to
make more money by charging companies
and websites more for access to what
ISPs call fast their internet lanes now
this is a problem because companies that
can't pay for faster lanes will have
slower service and this is a problem for
you specifically because it means you'll
end up waiting more for certain websites
to load like your favorite alt-right
blog that talks about how the
government's turning frogs day or that
internet merchant that sells you your
brain pills that you desperately need
which means that net neutrality is also
a freedom of speech issue
let's say I'm taking a figurative shit
on spectrum for being probably the most
evil worst company ever and much like
the rest of the intelligent
well-educated American public they watch
my videos and then they get offended
without net neutrality they could
restrict TYT Network speeds and with an
administration and power that describes
the New York Times as fake news no one's
going to stop them so how does it make
you feel that someone you don't know
working for a company that you are only
vaguely aware of deciding the type of
content you should be allowed to see but
it also could be somebody sitting on
their bed that weighs 400 pounds at this
point it's a known fact that slow
loading times drive traffic away from
sites so if an isp can artificially
manipulate loading times they can
essentially use what amounts to monopoly
power over the Internet to influence
human behavior and place artificial
restrictions on that free market which
is something Republicans are supposed to
hate right so no one really wants to see
net neutrality eliminated aside from the
ISPs that also happen to be massive
political donors because this won't
improve a single consumers experience in
any way as their matter of fact it'll
make it much worse for those of us who
like to use farmer's connect to find
love in this cold postmodern hopeless
world so I urge you to push back and
fight to protect net neutrality because
this isn't really a partisan issue at
all after all all you read at Donald
love-in 4ch hand
all right proud boys are basically one
step away from sticking your dick into
the USB port to mainline into the grid
now we have till July 17th to fight back
on FCC's proposed plan to repeal current
net neutrality legislation titled
restoring Internet freedom now the
easiest way to do that is by going to
the website that John Oliver created at
WWF cc yourself calm and leave comments
that the FCC can see while you're at it
please don't forget to like and share
this video if you think net neutrality
is a freedom that needs to be protected
don't forget to follow me on instagram
at Hasan D piker don't forget to follow
the Young Turks and this has been the
breakdown
you
