Kirstin Anderson worked as a staffer for
the Iowa Senate GOP and in the office
that she worked in the as they call it
locker room talk gotten so bad that she
and others tried to resolve a situation
try to change the culture there and this
situation did change she was fired now
that's her account to be fair the State
Attorney's defending the case that don't
dispute all of her accounts of lewd
behavior in the office but contend she
was fired after months of problems with
the quality of her work which I believe
they cut and pasted from some of Fox
News explanations as to why they let
some of their women go but anyway let's
get into some of what she alleges took
place some of the quotes that she heard
because this stuff gets interesting a
little bit funny and a little bit rough
she said that conversation and jokes
were always free-flowing well that
sounds fun by itself Rob vine no bro
Anderson said that she was friends with
senior analyst Jim Frey a fridrich but
she and other women were bothered by
taunts and teasing from him about their
sex lives and other lewd and racially
insensitive topics so Manny's really
fitting everything in there jeez yeah
you'd be problematic a little bit yeah I
mean the racially insensitive stuff God
knows where that's gonna go and ask you
about your personal sex life no that's
that about wanting you about your sex
life
yeah further out of bounds clearly out
of bounds but let's get more details
okay she says sometimes we would even
yell I mean really yell at him to stop
it got to the point where we would even
yell how would you like it if we said
these things to you and his reply was
either laughter or I don't care you can
say whatever you want to me which I knew
before reading it would be his response
yeah most men's response in this case
because men think in a particular way I
guess yeah it's it's the least effective
thing you could do to a person who's
either sexually harassing you or
taunting you know some other way like
that well how would you like it if I did
it to you that's all he wants that's the
only thing that he's basically saying
please talk about my sex life he wants
it so bad that he's willing to risk a
sexual harassment lawsuit to get it
yeah so that's not very effective but
now there's
or yes Anderson recalled one instant in
which Friedrich showed her a naked
picture of reality TV star Kim
Kardashian on his work computer and
asked her what she thought she doesn't
actually say what she thought
at other times friedrich would announce
a quote hot chick alive report and
summons staff in the office to look at
women walking by outside his window
which okay so he says hot chick alert
it's a little bit weird for a grown man
to say that theoretically if people go
to the window okay that's a little bit
weird but he's summoning people to the
window it says to look at hot chicks
walking by that's a little weird okay so
let me tell you the things that I think
are acceptable and there will be more by
the way yeah so if you worked on pop
trigger on the TYT Network and your job
was to cover entertainment news looting
and naked pictures of Kim Kardashian are
completely within your work contexts
responsibilities of yours you have to I
I think there's some you know point to
be made that there's it's part of your
job that's okay told me yes if you're
working at some state political office
that has nothing to do with your job now
and it is textbook sexual harassment to
go around to women be like lewd check
out this naked chick yeah oh look
everybody naked jerks right so no you
can't do that but still I don't want to
minimize it but that's the least of his
problems yeah you you can't run going to
office and be like hey check out this
hot chick that we all want to stare at
like you couldn't do that in a normal
office oh you hit a political office
yeah like you're supposed to be
representing the people of Iowa and
meanwhile you look like too likely right
you guys what Ali run it with me yeah no
not acceptable and I would say then even
worse is directly taunting and teasing
about their sex life and trying to get
involved with it and talk to them about
it yeah in fact we have them on tape I
just don't really that real quick please
forgive me if I'm being personal but
tell me about your sex life how did you
remember because think about it if
you're a staffer you're a Kirk Kirsten
Anderson you're just trying to like move
up in your career this is probably not
where you see yourself ending and this
guy that theoretically has power
over the rest of your career is taunting
you about your sex life so what if you
don't play along you don't think it's at
least reasonable to think that the woman
could be worried about what effect that
could have on her career of course she's
going to yeah look I'm let me give two
more pieces of leeway to guys and then
you know I don't know if what degree
Trevor I'll get in over this but so if
if if you try one thing and because
you're not sure hey maybe you want to
date somebody at work now by the way I
believe that's perfectly okay
it depends it's probably on the state
that you're in right but you ask them
out or whatever and then they say no and
you let it go I mean everybody's gonna
live I think it depends on the power
dynamic yeah radically if you're not in
a management position what I think in
California even in a management position
now they have to allow you to date
people
okay so it's it's getting a little time
served but it's okay but if you then
persist knowing that they're not
interested in that kind of talk whether
it was a joke it would you ask them on a
deal whatever it was and you continue to
persist dude that is again textbook
harassment don't come back and then go
oh good I've known right yeah you could
say how could I have known in the first
joke or what you know but you can't say
it on the third one or the 18th one
especially when they're specifically
complaining in their words yelling at
you to stop now there's a few other
things happen three more things so this
is about Friedrich he started calling
women expletives especially his wife
this is I think after they were on the
outs their relationship at deteriorated
the jokes increased the anger towards
ethnicities increased it was very scary
she also said she told jurors that
former senator Shawn hammer linked a
dewitt Republican regularly stopped by
the staff office and would comment on
the size of certain lobbyists press ok
now what's your excuse for that come on
of course you get through that at work I
got something worse for you ok
the lobbyists theoretically are of age
at least hammer link would make comments
about the skirt lengths of Senate pages
juniors and seniors in high school who
are hired to help legislators with daily
tasks I mean there you're talking about
let's be generous
seventeen-year-old
girls maybe so remember the younger two
different guys Friedrich is the one
throwing the C word around hammer link
is the one checking out the juniors and
seniors in high school again you know if
one reference to the lobbyists breast is
already too far in a in this context
okay but if you have been if she if
someone had offers complain and said I
do not like when you mention other
women's breast sizes away we should
judge them in the work cognacs you would
insane to continue to do that and of
course you're gonna get sued and you
should so it look and one last bone to
the guys look nobody's trying to
regulate your thoughts and if you guys
are and if you got a friend at work and
you guys are at lunch somewhere else and
you're joking around nobody's gonna beat
PC cops and coming to rescue at
Applebee's okay but if you if a person
is said at work you have made them
uncomfortable with the sexual things
that you are saying then yes you're out
of bounds you're out of bounds you've
got to be able to make that distinction
that would seem to be obvious but
apparently on some of them it's not to
be fair to the Republican Party they're
the Family Values party so they even
value your daughters if you like The
Young Turks you'll love young turks
membership TYT Network concise joy
