beginning July 1st of this year Nevada
allowed the sale of recreational
marijuana
however and this is the fun part
apparently people wanted to get their
hands on marijuana so much that about
two weeks later the state ran out and
now the governor is essentially calling
a state of emergency in order to get
enough pot to help serve medicinal
patients in the state it's amazing so on
Friday Governor Brian Sandoval endorsed
the department's call for a statement of
emergency which would allow for more
licensed distributors now here's the
interesting part of the story keep in
mind that there are all sorts of states
that have legalized marijuana for both
recreational or medicinal use right or
both however Nevada is the only state
that has this temporary temporary law
that only allows alcohol wholesalers to
have exclusive rights to move marijuana
from growers to retailers and it's a
temporary court order that's extended in
June by a Carson City District Judge so
why why do you want alcohol wholesalers
to be the only ones who can distribute
the marijuana from the growers to the
dispensaries right there's an official
reason and there's a real reason the
official reason is look this product
just became legal in this state so it
could be dangerous so we're gonna need
people who know how to transport things
and do this for a living to transport it
the real reason is the alcohol guys who
give money to the politicians go hey
this is your these guys are muscling in
on our racket so we got to do something
about this and my guess is and this is a
guess to be fair that they went and
talked to the politicians and the
politicians were like well how about if
we let you run the transportation part
of it so you're cut in on the business
it's so pathetic because they know they
know that as soon as people get their
hands on that wheat weird timing for a
coffee but as soon as they get their
hands on marijuana I mean it's just
people who smoke marijuana usually
aren't heavy drinkers right I feel like
and it's cheaper it's way cheaper
cheaper you're
you're more likely to do it at home
right so you're not going to bars and
stuff like that it's actually safer
since you're not going to bars and then
potentially drunk driving but
nonetheless the alcohol industry has
been fighting aggressively against
legalizing marijuana they have been
spending a ton of money on it because
they care about their bottom line
but to be fair to them I mean as a
business they want to maximize profits
and when states legalize drugs alcohol
sales do go down they do go down so and
if we didn't have legalized bribery in
this country be like okay well that's a
sad day for you make it better product
but since we don't have real capitalism
in this country instead we have crony
capitalism they then go this is the same
thing tesla's to deal with like the old
car dealers come in and go on this damn
car we can't compete with it passed the
law saying they're not allowed to sell
it and and so that happened in New
Jersey in a couple other places in the
way that they sell it right so in this
case it's not just the alcohol companies
there's also the drug companies the
pharmaceutical companies their sales
also go down by the way opioid abuse
also goes down in states that legalized
marijuana but the drug companies think
that's my product you're abusing and
buying more of so they also are fighting
drug legalization but as you can see
apparently the American people want it
they really really want it it's sold out
immediately
in less than two weeks my favorite part
the stories that the governor had to
declare their emergency emergency
emergency we're at a pot buddy go get me
some weed
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
