Betsy DeVos is a brilliant new idea
she's reconsidering some of the policies
in the Education Department and title
line guidance on campus rape and sexual
assault is among those and so she's
gonna meet there was some leaders who
care about that issue and she's decided
to meet with leaders who also don't care
about that issue or care about it in a
different way where they think it should
be de-emphasized curious so let's give
you details on those meetings seeing
progress reports after months of
receiving requests for meetings from
advocates for sexual assault survivors
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has
finally decided to sit down with them
good news but she's also meeting with
groups that are critical of title 9
guidance on campus rape some which have
histories of intimidating rape survivors
and dismissing domestic abuse against
women now I'm sure that they would
disagree with that characterization but
let me give you some of the details and
you make up your own mind the department
reached out to National Coalition for
men save that stop abusive and violent
environments and families advocating for
campus equality now some of those groups
sound reasonable I mean why wouldn't you
want campus equality certainly
progressives would and some of what they
do is not outrageous so if someone has
been falsely accused of rape protecting
that person is a good thing and no one
wants false accusations of anything let
alone something as important as rape now
the reality is that that does not happen
very often I'm gonna give you the stats
on it a little bit later and there's a
good argument to be made that some of
these groups are not worried about just
protecting innocent victims of false
accusations but you know think that the
issues of campus rape and sexual assault
are a little overdone
ok so let's dive into the details and
figure it out together the National
Coalition for men which is found in the
1970s has a long history what is known
as men's rights activism one of the
group's chapters published the photos
and names of women while calling them
false accusers now there if it turns out
that they the whole thing was
adjudicated and they went to court and
it was shown that they are in fact false
accusers okay
I'm more worried about the guys who were
falsely accused and you want to have
some protections for them that's great
but publishing the pictures of those
women
I don't know how necessary it is or you
know or how helpful it is but you could
make a case for it I wouldn't do it it's
not a closed case for me but if you're
in that group I guess I didn't but did
you really make sure that those were all
adjudicated or did you start putting up
pictures of women who had rape
accusations some of which might have
been true and then you put their picture
up as you know false accusers I mean if
you're gonna go down that road which I
would never go down because I think it's
a dangerous and bad idea you better make
sure that you come correct and are you
sure the National Coalition for men has
made absolutely sure that all these
cases are adjudicated let me assure you
that I am not positive about that and
look at the men's rights movement I'm
man right so why would I be against
men's rights because I'm not against
minister√≠s nobody is men already have a
lot of rights so she the way that it
worked was we had all the rights in the
beginning and then eventually it spread
out to more and more people in fact it
was of course as you know propertied
white men and then non propertied white
men and and the list goes on and on of
the people who got rights so it's not
like men needed someone to protect them
because oh my gosh they have been you
know discriminated against for such a
long time now if the pendulum swung too
far and you could show a couple of cases
here in this divorce proceeding you see
how it is no longer equal okay that's a
good conversation to have and I've had
that conversation and as it turns out
men's rights groups don't really stop
there the more you get in the weeds the
uglier it gets and talk about how women
had this coming and that coming and
they've been taking away our rights
forever
take it away your rights no no you have
to show very specific examples otherwise
you're the ones who started with all the
rights in the first place and that
includes me just read history any
history but obviously
some people are not enamored with facts
this is referring still to the National
Coalition for men okay in 2012 their
groups supported the Republican House
version of the Violence Against Women
Act which removed protections for LGBTQ
people in crisis centers the group has
been very litigious when it notices
events specifically designated as for
women its members sued as strip club for
letting women in for free during its
ladies night suit a company called chick
CEO for not letting men into a woman's
networking event look I I'm not sure I
want to bust into a woman's networking
event but if you thought that the CEO of
that company and all the executives were
women and men did not have a right did
not have a good way to advance in that
company as women have had that problem
in many industries for a long long time
but it happened in that particular case
and you want to pursue that I understand
you'll have to prove your case in court
a Senate but now we're getting into
suing strip clubs for ladies nights I
mean my conservative friends wouldn't
you call that a snowflake like you were
so bothered you couldn't get free night
at the strip club and they only had it
for ladies thing you don't see the logic
in that and you say oh no no I got our
equality it's a strip club never quality
at strip clubs and now we do you see
when you make a case like that it makes
everybody think you're a jackass okay
certainly makes me think that and I
suspect a large portion the audience but
that actually the one that's most
harmful is going after LGBTQ too right
so if you're for men why do you care gay
men straight men or did I thought you
were for equality all of a sudden this
looks like you're not for equality and
so you've got other agendas so now let's
look at the the reality of of the stats
here researchers estimate that somewhere
between two and ten percent of rape
allegations are false but even among
those who are falsely accused it's rare
for men to end up in prison as a result
so that doesn't mean that if you're in
that two to ten percent that what
happened to you is an outrageous it is
man being falsely accused of rape is a
terrible terrible thing but is it a
overwhelming problem that needs to be
addressed at the same level as actual
and sexual assault well I want the
appropriate resource to go into both
problems but appropriate also means
proportionate so if you call that 50/50
and then the stats don't back it up in
fact let me give you the other side for
students who are found responsible for
of sex for sexual assault only thirty
percent were actually expelled according
to a 2014 Huffington Post analysis of
data from over 100 schools so you have a
huge problem of campus rape and sexual
assault and most of the people who do it
unfortunately get away with it and it's
not enough resources to track down and
make sure that there's justice in that
system on the other hand you have a
small percentage of people who are
falsely accused of rape and they hardly
ever actually go to court and go to
prison so it doesn't make the individual
cases any less unjust but is that the
same scope of problem as the sexual
assault in the first place no the
numbers show you that it is not so just
have a sense of proportion here now we
go to the National Coalition for men
president that's Harry Crouch president
of National Coalition for men he has
also vocally blamed survivors for the
abuse they faced in a 2014 interview
with Pacific Standard Crouch defended
Ray Rice a former football player who
was in debt in 2014 on third-degree
aggravated assault for an incident
involving his then fiance now before I
go to his defense you guys remember that
incident and we showed the video here I
don't want to keep brief showing it but
he knocks out his fiancee at the time
they were fiance now they're married and
it is a brutal looking video and then he
drags her out of the elevator leaves her
shoe there after he knocks her out he
doesn't even look at her for a long time
I mean it is stomach-turning violence
but no Harry Crouch his vision of that
or a perspective on that was vastly
different he said I'm not saying he's a
good guy but if she hadn't aggravated
him she wouldn't have been hit they
would say that's blaming the victim but
I don't buy it
what's there not to buy I mean you could
disagree on what happened although the
videotape is incredibly clear but when
you say she
you're blaming the victim there's
nothing to buy or not buy you can say
you're justified in blaming the victim
you would be among a really really small
minority of people who think that but
you can't say you didn't play the victim
because you're just blaming the victim
so when you the more you get in the
weeds the more you in a sense of where
these guys are actually going and it is
not good news man it's in a really
really bad direction so now our
education secretary is like oh yes
fifty-fifty I meet with people who
suffered rapist sexual assault and the
people who care about them and I meet
with people who think that that is a
made-up issue and that they kind of had
a coming a little bit sometimes in some
assault cases no okay well when you look
into the history of Betsy DeVos you
realize that this we shouldn't be
surprised by this why we fought her yeah
because we didn't think she was right
for that role well it turns out the dick
and Betsy DeVos Family Foundation made
donations totaling $25,000 to
foundations for individual rights in
education which has shared articles
dismissive of sexual assault survivors
one read unfortunately much of the
feminist war on rape has conflated
sexual assault with muddled often
alcohol fueled sexual encounters that
involve miscommunication you call it
rape I call it miscommunication they
gave money to that cause so now are you
surprised that Betsy DeVos is meeting
with people who are for men's rights to
protect men from the miscommunication
that happens when they're in what what
they admit or alcohol-fueled sexual
encounters look people being drunk and
having sex all this time when someone is
knocked out unconscious from drinking
yes that's rape and that is not a 50/50
question that is a legal question and it
is settled the fact that we are now
relitigated this at the Department of
Education is horrific
if you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
