yesterday we reported to you that Donald
Trump jr. had a meeting with a lawyer
that was connected to the Kremlin and he
did something strange he kind of
admitted that he was looking for
information about Hillary Clinton's
campaign but if you're getting it from a
foreign source that might be illegal and
if it's specially if it's stolen that
would be a different crime and opening
yourself up to a lot of issues but today
we found out what those contacts
actually were and that's because Donald
Trump jr. himself release those emails
whoa that's really interesting he said
to everyone in order to be totally
transparent when I'm releasing the
entire email chain of my emails
so well you might look at that and go
wow I guess he's got nothing to hide
you'd be wrong because it turns out he
shouldn't release these emails now he
didn't do it voluntarily right now the
Trump administration is all over TV
going
it's totally transparent they're not
just out of the goodness of his heart no
the New York Times already had the
emails they were already printing a
story about it and they said look here's
what your emails say is so true or not
true this is after he first denied that
he ever had the meeting then he the
second line was I was just about
adoption and then when he found out oh
shoot they know what the meeting was
about he's like fine I was trying to get
dirt on Hillary Clinton but there's
nothing wrong with that that's not true
there was something wrong with that now
finally he's like now right here's the
emails now remember yesterday tweeted
out obviously on the first person on a
campaign to ever take a meeting to hear
info about an opponent went nowhere but
had to listen see you schmuck you're not
supposed to admit that yes you can go
and try to get opposite opposition
research on people of course that's a
normal part of a campaign but not from a
foreign source and on top of that one
that how else would they have gotten in
but stealing it so and it is not normal
procedure for example Al Gore's team in
2000 got mailed a tape of George Bush's
practice for the debates they had the
whole thing and they could have looked
at it I mean that's beautiful opposition
research and and prepared better
the debate well they didn't because they
thought this must be stolen so they turn
it over to the FBI that's how you're
supposed to deal was stolen material or
things that you reasonably believe could
have been stolen instead fools rush in
or in this case fools Russian anyway
he's like oh you've got good stuff from
the right let's do it
hey don't take my word for it I'm about
to read you his emails okay so the guy
who is the intermediary here is a guy
named Rob Goldstone he lives in the UK
he helped with a Miss Universe pageant
and he hooked up Donald Trump and Donald
Trump jr. with some of his Russian
contacts before and that is exactly who
he's going to refer to here it is a
family that's very well-connected in
Russia the the son is a pop singer and
and then the dad in that family is a
real estate mogul so the son's name is
Eman Aguilera off and then as that his
name is Aris I believe so
that's your context for these emails so
Goldstone emails on Trump jr. and says
Eman the the popstar guy the younger guy
just called and asked me to contact you
with something very interesting the
crown prosecutor of Russia met with his
father Aris there it is this morning and
they're meeting offered to provide the
Trump campaign with some official
documents and information that would
incriminate Hillary and her dealings
with Russia and would be very useful to
your father now Rob Goldstone also clown
of course he deals with the Trump family
so there is no such thing as the crown
prosecutor of Russia there is a title
that's similar to that in the UK that's
why he assumed that that's what it was
called in Russia it's not called that
but that is not relevant what he's
saying to Donald Trump jr. is I've got
the top prosecutor in Russia who's going
to give you official documents that the
Russians have any person that has any
sense
I mean let's put aside morality for a
second but and also doesn't want to
break the law would immediately go wait
I am NOT going to take information from
the Russians on my opponent that is
potentially very illegal and obviously
not the right thing to do let me go turn
this set Don goes what that sounds great
okay so hold for that gold stone further
clarifies this would incriminate Hillary
and her dealers or the Russian would be
very useful to your father this is
obviously very high-level and sensitive
information but as part of Russia and
its government support for mr. Trump now
I know this some out there who are like
just that there's no evidence that it
was connected to Russia except for the
fact that he just said it is connected
to Russia and it's to help your father
but hold let's be fair to Donald Trump
jr. those are just emails he received
what did he reply back quote if it's
what you say I love it especially later
in the summer
oops there you go so here is Donald
Trump jr. saying if you have official
documents from the Russians
I would like to collude with you and it
is to help my Trump with my father's
campaign as you're over there email if
it is as you say in the email I would
love it doesn't have to get any clearer
like if if they were trying to frame
themselves they couldn't have made it
any clearer hey what did I tell you as
to why the whole Trump clan was gonna
get caught because they're too stupid to
do a cover-up
I mean who writes emails like this like
would you like to beat with the Russians
and take their documents there God knows
where they got them and use it against
Hillary Clinton to help your father
well yes I would okay now whether that
collision is illegal is the question
we're going to get to in a second but it
is collusion there's no question about
that
so gold stone also wrote in one of the
emails Don hope all is well with Emin
the guy we were talking about before
asked that I am an asked that I schedule
a meeting with you and the Russian
government attorney who's flying over
from Moscow for this Thursday I believe
you are aware of this meeting and so
wonder 3:00 p.m. or later on Thursday
worse for you I mean you can't write it
up any better
remember Don it's a Russian government
lawyer and I know you are aware of this
meeting and of course Trump jr. responds
yes but can we make it four o'clock
Jesus man so now they're saying oh maybe
the Democrats set us up so let me get
this right the Democrats were playing
three-dimensional chess so that they
would lose the election hmm well we're
doing the Democrats maybe they are okay
that's the only the Democrats would do
that but even so if they were hey you
schmuck don't say yes I would love to do
something illegal
so is it illegal well Richard painter
former ethics lawyer for George W Bush
said if he intended to get illegally
stolen private information from the
Russians it was illegal for him to
attempt to do so just like buying stolen
goods from a known fence now in this
case his main defense which is not a
defense at all is well I thought it was
a Russian government lawyer and I
thought they were gonna give me really
good opposition research on my opponent
and help medal in this election but as
it turned out they didn't have really
good information for me so I was annoyed
at the meeting because it's you just
wanted to talk about policy and we
weren't talking about policy at that
point that didn't make it any better it
might have made it worse hey say no no I
was only interested in like the
incriminating stuff policy I wasn't
there for a policy meeting hey so now
well they'll be able to prove in court
that he he had the intent to receive
stolen goods and that he involved Jared
Kushner who was also at the meeting and
and and Paul Manafort who is the
campaign manager for Trump at that time
and whether that you could prove all
three of them had the intent to receive
stolen goods that's a good open question
we'll see you in court and try to figure
it out you know what comes before court
though handcuffs anyway
now there's a second legal problem that
he has with this Rick Hasson who's the
election law expert says there's two big
questions on whether we broke campaign
finance laws our knowledge it was that
that it was a foreign
source and they explain now credible if
last night's New York Times story is
correct as well as if the information
being provided counts as anything of
value for purposes of the law so let me
explain that
so did he know that it was a foreign
source now there's no question because
he himself is admitted yes these are the
emails I knew that it was a Russian
foreign source so check on the first
part of the test the second part of the
test is not whether the incriminating
information that he received was great
and was used against Hillary Clinton no
the question is is it anything of value
meaning is it worth anything is it does
it have monetary value okay
so well again even if you weren't clear
on where the source is again the email
from Goldstone said this is obviously
very high-level sensitive information
but it's part of Russia and it's
government support of mr. Trump and of
course Donald Trump jr. famously replied
I love it to that email now on to
whether just giving information has
monetary value well it depends on the
kind of information if you could google
it on your own
no that has no monetary value but if it
is other kinds of information we already
have rulings on that there's a 1990
ruling by the Federal Election
Commission and it reads like this and
I'll read it to you and then I'll
explain they explained that in that case
if however mr. Hochberg imparts poll
results information to you or anyone
else working for your campaign including
any data or any analysis of the results
or if he uses the poll information to
advise your campaign on matters such as
campaign strategy or creating media
messages such poll information will
constitute an in-kind contribution from
mr. Hawk board to your campaign and an
expenditure in an equal amount by your
committee meaning look you spent money
on that poll if he gives you the
information from that poll that he spent
money on that is a contribution to your
campaign so if in this particular case
if the Russians he were going to give
you information and you thought they
were going to give you information that
they spent money acquiring and
presumably they would add this
some sort of money there bribing someone
on the inside or paying hackers etc well
then you've got a information that has
value and you have broken a campaign
finance law so look you might look at
all that and say when you go to court
you got a good case but you're really
gonna have to lay out here intent and
what Trump knew and didn't know but boy
did he help your case by releasing the
emails and and admitting himself that
yes I went to go meet with people I
thought were Russian officials to get
stuff that would help our campaign but
it does it turns out I couldn't finish
the criminal act say did that last part
you didn't say in so many words I just
want to be clear about that basic but it
turns out you don't need to finish it
for it to be a criminal act anyway I am
very much looking forward to a judge
sorting this out if you like this video
you love the whole TYT Network check it
out at TYT Network comm slash join
