Donald Trump jr. now has admitted
through his emails publishing his emails
that a friend of his reached out to get
him to meet with Russian government
officials as the email stated and Donald
Trump jr. said I love it in order to get
information about Hillary Clinton and I
want to give you a quick timeline here
and then I'm going to show you a video
what Donald Trump senior knew so June
3rd 2016 is when Donald Trump jr.
receives the first email on June 7th
Trump senior promises a big speech about
Hillary Clinton I'm going to show you
that video in a second and then on June
9th Trump jr. meets with the Russian
lawyer now when Trump jr. meets the
Russian lawyer he finds out that she
really didn't have any incriminating
evidence on Hillary Clinton she wanted
to talk about policy according to Donald
Trump jr.
and so he was not interested in it he
was looking for incriminating evidence
about Hillary Clinton that is what he
thought he was gonna get on the 3rd now
let's go to the speech that Donald Trump
gave between the third and the ninth
so that's he and we'll get a sense of
whether he knew that some people in his
campaign campaign including his campaign
manager Paul Manafort we're gonna go
have that meeting with the Russian Wars
what they thought they were gonna get
really good stuff on Hillary Clinton and
this is before they found out that they
didn't get it so watch what he says I am
going to give a major speech on probably
Monday of next week and we're going to
be discussing all of the things that
have taken place with the Clintons I
think you're gonna find it very
informative and very very
so probably on Monday depending on the
meeting go screw the junior a man
important Kushner right so we're gonna
tell you all the things that happen at
Linton later we would find out that they
didn't really have any of those
incriminating information because they
were counting on the Russians giving it
to them now that was by the way before
the email leaks so that meeting didn't
prove to be fruitful but later the
rushes apparently did have the NC emails
and just leaked them to the public and
so they wound up getting some
incriminating information about Hillary
Clinton after all but it was done not
through that meeting but through public
revelations so now that is just one
piece of evidence as to what Donald
Trump's senior might have known you
would probably need more evidence than
that but it is an interesting data point
if you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
