Abu Bakr al-baghdadi is the leader of
Isis wrong was the leader of Isis ladies
and gentlemen we got him
it appears that well we didn't get him
the Russian state but still the world
community has gotten albick dottie now
three different sources reporting this
let me give you what they are the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights a reliable
monitoring group based in the UK claims
they have seen quote confirmed
information that Isis chief Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi has been killed media it
explains the Russian military claimed
last year or last month I should say
that the jihadi leader most likely died
after they launched an airstrike against
an Isis gathering near their
headquarters in Raqqa while those
reports were never clarified by American
intelligence AFP which is the the main
news outlet in France
picked up by picked up a statement from
SOHR director Rami Abdel Rahman claiming
al Baghdadi's death was confirmed among
the ISIS chain of command now I'm gonna
double down that the American officials
have not yet confirmed his death but
today someone else did and that was Isis
Isis has confirmed that all Baghdadi has
passed away now I had been saying for a
long time unfortunately our adversary in
al Baghdadi was quite intelligent and he
did things that were bold and and
actually did play three-dimensional
chess to some degree and that was
terrible news because you don't want an
adversary like that and and that is why
they were able to grab a huge chunk of
land and renewable source of revenue for
themselves in both Iraq and Syria and
caused all this damage worldwide and I
said that if he was taken out likely
Isis would fall into disarray because
there's not a lot of other brilliant
Muslim radicals running around
fundamentals of doesn't often lead
itself to great acumen in strategy
skills and
analysis of the facts on the ground so
Baghdady now if it is true that he is
gone I say it'll be an enormous setback
for Isis you can't I cannot overstate
how big a setback that'll be so now it's
possible that this is an elaborate ruse
by Isis to pretend that he's dead what
he's not but I don't think the Russians
would want to play along with that ruse
let alone the other human rights groups
etc that are reporting it so not a
hundred percent confirmed yet but pretty
close and if that's true that's pretty
great news for the world and and you
know I was very frustrated with the CIA
because they do a lot of things wrong
and there are things some things we need
them to do right such as find al
Baghdadi unfortunately it appears they
didn't the Russians did but I'll take it
either way and it's good for the world
now in other news related to Isis they
have lost Mosul that fell very recently
to a combination of troops mainly led by
the Iraqi government but Kurdish pesh
MERGA
and and and some of our allies such as
they are in Syria are also now besieging
Raqqa which is inside Syria and is the
so-called capital of Isis but Mosul is a
very important city in Iraq that Isis
have captured now the Iraqi government
has recaptured it and American leaders
on the ground military leaders on the
ground saying besieging basic would be
beseeching basically the Iraqi
government to not make the same mistakes
that it made in the past which is to
alienate Sunnis in Iraq and not to give
them any voice in their government which
then leads to an uprising which now u.s.
military leaders a warning could lead to
an Isis 2.0 so the leader of Isis is
dead now long live the new leader
according to the reports Isis has not
picked a new leader yet but when we were
in the old days of killing the number
three guy in al-qaeda you remember or
the number two guy we would kill an
endless slew of number two number three
guys in al-qaeda and the problem would
never go
just be a new one and the case of Isis I
think killing the number one guy is
going to have a big impact and
afterwards Trump will take credit and go
see I told you I take care of Isis ya
plan to retake Mosul had nothing to do
with Donald Trump getting Baghdad II had
nothing to do with Donald Trump but you
tried explaining those nuances to his
followers once they put on their red
hats if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership tea white
tea network.com slash joy
