all right we've got a great interview
for you guys today Senator Joe Manchin
from West Virginia also former governor
West Virginia joins us on the young
turks senator welcome to the program
thanks for having James appreciate it so
senator let me start by asking about
your record so obviously you're known as
the most conservative Democrat in the
Senate national Journal's got you at 55%
conservative voting record 46% liberal
you voted with Trump 58% of the time so
far in the first hundred days it was up
to 67% of the time and I can go on and
on about the issues so why be a Democrat
at all well I guess you'd have to know
where I came from and who I am I I'm a
West Virginia Democrat my grandfather
through the depression you know
Roosevelt Democrat my grandfather got
thrown out of company housing he was a
coal miner and he tried to organize the
miners at that time and 1927 was thrown
out kind of moved into a barn there for
about a year so we've been through some
tough times and we've always believed
that you had to work and contribute
something back I'm concerned socially
compassionate my grandmother was a
one-woman social worker everybody went
to mama Kay if you had no place to stay
and mama Kay took care of you if you
needed that food she fed you clothing
she clothed you my grandfather had a
little grocery store because that's how
he started his livelihood taking care of
his family my dad and the five brothers
and sisters that he had because he
couldn't work in the mines anymore so
were a product of a West Virginia
environment through some challenging
times now I never forgot where I came
from but I believe that people should
contribute something back she'd give
something back she'll work for something
but you know I watched him I'm the
product of my environment so from
Farmington West Virginia Jencks I
watched when the mines were on strike or
if somebody lost a husband in a mine
that my grandfather would take food we
would deliver the food to him he would
take care of him forever
but if people could work he expecting
you off their butt and do something so
he was willing to give anybody a hand up
and he was willing to take care of those
who couldn't take care of themselves but
he wanted people to contribute they
could so I don't know how that ranks or
where I fit in but I believe very
strongly that I've had a lot of
opportunities and my family always
taught me that had a responsibility to
give back and contribute yeah so I'll
try to the best I can
right III read the history your family
and and and as they read the story of
your mom coming into this country as an
immigrant I think that's why a lot of
progressives hope that you would fight
harder on the issue of immigration when
it comes to find Jake's have fought on
that one you know the bill that we had
the Senate bipartisan bill is basically
I think still the model what we should
be working on and that bill basically
gave everybody a chance to register to
sign up and get in a the queue if you
would and as far as naturalization it
was no amnesty bill you had to work and
perform get a job
learn English to participate and perform
I think it was a tremendous opportunity
we couldn't get the house to move on
that piece of legislation senator
Manchin I'm not for building a wall I'm
not for building a wall at all
okay I know you missed the DREAM Act
vote some think that that was where
there was a political motivation behind
it but you can set the record straight
right here which way would you have
voted for the DREAM Act the DREAM Act I
believe that any child any any person
that gets an education should be kept in
this country give me every opportunity
because they're gonna be they're gonna
be contributors I really do and I didn't
have any problem with that
but I said this if you saw as I recall
Jake's it was for if he had two years of
participation militarily well I said you
should be honorably discharged sure that
you you didn't you know you did your
duty and you were honorably discharged
then it said if you had two years of
college and I said there should be a
degree some sort of a degree I know
people that go to school all the time
and never get a degree American children
but if you have a child that basically
is willing to serve in the military you
have a child that basically gets a
four-year or associate
degree of some sort they're going to
contribute they probably contribute more
than maybe some natural-born citizens of
our country already so I was always in
support of that but let me understand
that a little bit better so as it was
constituted though would you have voted
in favor of it or against it I forget
exactly the Constitution of of how that
was built put together the way it was
saying the way the bill came across it
said two years of participation I recall
it didn't say anything about honorable
it didn't say being discharged okay so
you would've voted a surger country
it didn't say about getting a degree so
I would have not supported unless we
could have had the amendments that
showed that support okay that's clear
so yeah that's robust yeah now going
back to the issue again you call
yourself a Democrat and I wanted to just
suss out exactly what that means to you
yeah so would you call yourself a
progressive on issues I think that
progress that means that are you
supportive of things that help people's
lives if I can support and help somebody
help themselves I'm gonna do it every
time the difference between I would
think as a Democrat who I am and a
Democrat as a Republican a Republican
goes to the bottom line I think every
time when it comes down to
weighing human the human and the human
being they're going to go to the bottom
line
a true Democrats won't go to the bottom
of your heart can we help that person be
a better person live a better quality of
life I feel very strongly in there
so you would call yourself a progressive
it depends on what I don't know what
your definition of progressive is okay
all right fair enough
so you said in the interview that you
are against the Washington Democrat
philosophy you don't think that it works
well it's not everything to everybody
Jenks what's happened in West Virginia
someone asked me Elizabeth and I had
this conversation she said your what
happened West Virginia is still the
majority of people registered as
Democrats in West Virginia but they're
all voting against the Democratic Party
I said the people in West Virginia the
hard-working people in West Virginia
believe the party that they had always
associated with was the
working person helping the working
person helping a person that was down
and out trying to get back up and on
their feet now that party in the
philosophy of Washington is it's become
so politically correct that it's the
party that prevents working people from
working they overreach over regulation
over intervening and interfering it's
just I can just tell you about West
Virginia yeah so Americans I know so I
understand so let's go to some of those
issues that you just mentioned they're
over regulating for example you voted to
repeal the stream protection rule and
your top donor is first energy that one
up getting in some degree trouble for
putting arsenic in a pond it seems like
they would benefit from the repeal of
that regulation so did that have
anything to do with your vote no Jenks I
know it's hard to believe and I know
it's hard for people to I don't have any
idea who gives me money I don't solicit
from the standpoint you do this for me
quid pro quo that's never been me
that's not my political mantra at all
with that being said the stream
protection rule I couldn't get any I
couldn't even get a definition on what
they consider a stream should the stream
have water in it should have aquatic
life
should it be disposing into our waters
our streams if you can't or our rivers
or water our sources the overreach that
they had on some of this stuff made no
sense at all and I couldn't go home and
explain it I've always said this Jenks
if I can't go home in West Virginia and
explain I sure sure as heck can't vote
for it and some of this does not make
sense I have said this I think there's a
balance between the environment and
economy we have a responsibility if if
there's a certain criteria that we're
trying to meet then we should have the
technology that we have developed
showing that that can be done if you
can't show that it can be done then how
can you hold me at a criteria when we
haven't invested ourselves as a
government and have no intentions of
doing so this is because you like
something or don't like something
doesn't make sense
so senator Manchin I got a note from one
of your constituents Lisa Lucas and she
talked about how her fail
the catch his bass in the streams in
West Virginia the problem is literally
every single stream in West Virginia has
a fish consumption advisory and so she's
asking look did they use this to feed
their family if I can't fish in any of
the streams because the the fish might
be poisoned
don't you think you should make more of
an effort to make sure that the streams
in West Virginia are clean I will and I
agree with her it should be more of an
effort and I think we have is cleaned up
quite a bit Jiang's
I fish in the streams as much as I
possibly can I keep my fishing pole in
my car because when I go over the
mountains not fish all through the
mountains of West Virginia I'm fishing
for trout bass everything I possibly can
and I know those fish I've eaten the
fish so I know those fish can and
there's some streams and because of
algae blooms and different things prefer
if there's discharge and that discharge
does not meet the Clean Water Act then
they shouldn't be doing it should be no
discharge or should be cleaned up or it
should be fine to the point to where
they're able to stop and clean it up if
not they should be cease and desist well
so senator Manchin I want to show you a
graphic your graphic one and then if we
can to as well but let's start with one
this is the list of your top donors I
thought you said that you don't I
understand that you said you don't do
quid pro quos that that was clear yeah
but you know who your top donors are
right I do not you don't know who your
top donors are I do not you show me
something I've never seen okay so this
from open secrets I know you have Jenks
I know that is hard for anyone to
believe I do not I never have and I've
been around this process for a long time
never have I had a person one time come
to my office when I was governor Jenks
they come in they said they were asking
for something didn't make any sense to
me at all and they said well you know we
had a big fundraiser for you and I saw
you did well I would have thought you
were investing in good government I
guess we were both wrong so tell me how
much I'll make sure you get it back
so all right yeah I believe that the
audience out there I gotta be honest we
senator is
to being a little bit of disbelief that
well the stills there's still those of
us who involved in public service to the
stake of serving the public okay so when
the donations come in your staff doesn't
tell you about it I never asked okay
class can never tell me they'll tell me
the amounts if we have a fundraiser I
know the amounts I know how much we're
raising I know what it takes to run a
campaign but individually I they don't
come sell this this this this and this
right limits in West Virginia the limits
were always the thousand dollars that
was the maximum anybody can give you so
no corporations or businesses mm-hmm so
the list stands out for a number of
reasons
one is that there is it is filled to the
rim with energy companies and I know
you've worked at an energy company in oh
nine and and 2010 as well and you were
an executive there and you have voted
with energy companies very consistently
hence a natural question as where the
hole in energy policy I know what it
takes to run the country oh you need
baseload the only base load you have
that you can count on 24/7 Jenks is coal
and nuclear its uninterruptible power
natural gas especially in West Virginia
we've got so much with the Marcellus and
Utica Shale now that produces a
tremendous amount of new energy but it
is interrupted but it's even overtaken
how much energy its producing versus
what coal and nuclear is but when you
take coal nuclear and gas today you're
well over seventy eighty percent of the
energy this country consumes so I'm a
realist I understand the energy market
and I think there's a balance there to
be had and it creates a lot of good jobs
in West Virginia it's a way of life in
West Virginia it's what we've always
done which is the heavy lifting for the
country but does it so senator Manchin I
looked up the median income in West
Virginia now you you've served West
Virginia for a long time as governor in
the senator different and the median
income is for West Virginia's 48th in
the country so the third from the bottom
so if helping the energy companies and
the coal companies winds up helping the
citizens how come it hasn't in West
Virginia well we have the ups and downs
but the biggest problem that we've had
in West Virginia is absentee ownership
we have a lot of these companies that
take the profits out of our state have
always done this
Leonore southern counties in lieutenant
ten to twelve of our southern counties
larger the large landowners my goodness
some of the gilded homes up in Rhode
Island were built Berwyn land and
Pocahontas land and some of those who
still are receiving the benefits from
the hard work of West Virginians and
these people aren't putting money back
into the state that has been a
tremendous challenge that we've had from
day one and out of 55 counties I've got
10 to 15 counties that really are
challenged and struggle and they're up
and down with the energy market we
haven't diversified we need broadband
high speed we've tried to expand out
when I was governor we put broadband in
high speed and every school in West
Virginia no matter how far up a hollow
or a cricket was we got it to him we
just haven't had the markets at this
first out into the public because it's
so diverse and we're trying everything
possible if you wonder what
infrastructure we need and I would tell
President Trump if you're going to we
need to have connectivity in West
Virginia so everybody has a chance so
I'm gonna show you one more graphics
here it's actually graphic three and it
shows again open secrets the
contributions that are coming in now I
know you say you don't check this but
there is one like larger picture macro
question I wanted to ask you about this
your small individual contributions make
up only 1% of the money coming in from
2013 to 2018 into your campaigns so 99%
big money 1% small money so I wonder if
you're for getting big money out of
politics is a literal question you or do
you think the current system is fine
although the current system does not
find current systems destroyed the
politics or the government as we know
how we go through this process of
electing people the dark money coming in
is horrible there's not the money of the
candidates run forget about that Jack's
that money is not going to make a
difference in who wins and who loses
it's the dark money coming in that we
have no control whatsoever
you know citizens united is absolutely
destroying our country and it should be
outlawed it should be done away with it
should have never come into being so do
you think there should be public
financing instead of private financing
of Elections tried
big finance when I was governor West
Virginia supported it absolutely would
you be in favor and amendment to get
money out of politics absolutely okay
it's you talk about money being the root
of all evils in politics is destroying
politics as we know it yeah and I think
that the length of time on top of taking
money out wouldn't it be great if you
put a time gun on what what periods of
time we campaign I mean we're we're
talking a year and a half out now Jencks
2018 I can tell you I'm sick and tired
of it already just getting started
we got a year and a half of this to go
so one way to go is how your primary
opponent Paul or gene Swearengen is
going which is to say I'm going to
forsake the big money overall I'm just
only going to take small money
contributions have you considered that
for yourself senator Manchin
I haven't been in control of the money
from we go out in campaign and we go out
for solicitation like every other
competitive campaign and we're going
online I've not been online so I need to
get online to get more of the individual
contributions I'm very appreciative from
$1 on up and in the state it's a
thousand but in them they ain't on a US
Senate or the Congressional it's 27
hundred dollars per person is the top
amount per cycle and there's not many
people in West Virginia they can do
anywhere near that senator people
basically they give what they desire to
give and I'm happy yeah with the small
donations I and I'm gonna be soliciting
more through the online that we haven't
done before but we will start yeah of
course the real money is in the packs
and the independent expenditures and as
you point out and that's where they're
the really wealth in the corporation of
course here's the thing you need to know
about this the packs and the independent
expenditures we have no knowledge of
that in no way can you and should you
that's that's one thing they've kept
pretty pretty stringent that you can't
be involved in the type of activity that
an independent expenditure has on your
behalf but they're all lined up they're
all lining up in different categories
right now the Republicans want 60
Republicans and they look at whispered
being a layup Donald Trump wins by 40 to
43 points
that's definitely Republican territory
that's our number one hit list that
should be a Republican and they're going
around the country having all these
independent he's Spanish you're saying
here's one way you can donate to and
we're gonna pick that one up with no
problem at all a West Virginia and
that's what we're dealing with yeah so
on that front you've asked people to
sign a pledge your colleagues to sign a
pledge not to work against the current
incumbents in the Senate but wouldn't
that freeze in the the advantage that
the Republicans have now they have 52 to
48 lead so if you just keep the current
composure of the Senate that lots and
Republican majorities for ever if you
actually delivered on that pledge I hope
not James that's not the intent I say
let me explain to you this where I go to
to work every day in Washington in a
hostile environment that hostile
environment is if you want to get
something done and you're upset and
you're frustrated with the process in
the toxic environment that we have in
Washington think about going to work
every day and your fellow workers trying
to get you fired Jencks they're doing
everything they can to undermine you and
undercut you so when you come to work as
a Democrat just be polite having a D by
your name every R no matter how close
you think they are how good a friend
that you think they may be they have
been programmed to go out and raise
money and campaign against you and
defeat you because we need more arts and
the DS do the same thing so when Harry
Reid first told me has to hurry I can
tell you what's wrong with the place I
said if you did this kind of shenanigans
in West Virginia someone would meet you
after working the parking-lot clinic in
the parking lot and and and get you
straight that's how we do things back
home it's not the right way but that's
the West Virginia way and I said this is
not right you can't expect me to raise
money against Republicans that I'm
working with and I said that's only
about setting colleagues if you're
already a studying colleague you're
already in here then we shouldn't be
allowed to raise money and campaign
against each other
if you expect us to get something
accomplished in Washington that's all I
said
so senator Manchin I think that people
are concerned that locks in the current
system and the establishment as it is
and people feel that it's not
representing them well and so that
that's why they're looking for primaries
and other people especially to get rid
of Republicans but look you know you've
got a mixed record there to be honest
senator Manchin in West Virginia - I
mean in 96 when you were running a
primary against Charlotte print and she
won you wrote a letter to nine hundred
Democrats saying to not support her and
support Cecil Underwood the Republican
instead so why did you do that and why
did you log be against a fellow
Democratic colleague in West Virginia
what status and I'm a West Virginian
first and I just want to have the best
person I thought had the capacity and
the capability of running the state
Charlotte's a good person was a great
legislator she brought a wealth of ideas
to it I didn't think she had the
experience to actually run a state and
it takes a lot more than just being a
legislature if you're gonna be an
executive being an executive and
legislature or two different things so
let's go to some of the issues Medicare
for all a now backed by your colleague
you mentioned earlier Elizabeth Warren
Tammy Baldwin looks like she's gonna
support us obviously Bernie Sanders on
board and the list is growing Kristin
Gillibrand so what's your position on
Medicare for all Medicare for all or the
one payer system I think we're talking
about I think it should be debated I
think that we should have there should
be a working group looking at all
aspects of that if we're trying to make
the public believe that we can have a
market driven system in health care that
we do today right wrong or indifferent
it's market driven that you're going to
get the same services through one payer
system or you're gonna pay the same
taxes that you're paying now whatever
you're paying is going to be the same I
think that's not correct and not
accurate not on an honest attempt at
telling the people what it's going to
take in order for us to go that
direction but I think it's something we
should be looking at you know when you
become 65 they don't ask you about your
pre-existing condition they don't ask
you what concerns and problems you may
have they're going to take
you so I understand where that that
comes from I want to make sure we look
at every aspect of it so I am very open
and very willing to sit down and look at
a system that can give better health
care better quality of service you know
Jenks we just expanded health care for
20 million people in West Virginia
hundred seventy-five thousand people who
never had health care are getting it for
the first time up until this time the
only health care services they receive
was going to the emergency room that's
not the healthiest way to keep yourself
in a preventive care to get from illness
you're using it when you need it the
most but we've never instructed or tried
to educate people how to use their
newfound wealth the newfound wealth they
have now is health care
so before you the Republic can just want
to throw everybody out can't we sit down
and help work with people how can you
give six hundred billion dollars of tax
rebates to the wealthiest people in
America and then take it away from 800
billion dollars of service to the
poorest people that's a non-starter so
yeah so the Republican proposals are
draconian I think almost everybody
certainly on the Democratic side agrees
including yourself that that's not the
right way to go last question on
Medicare for all is you've got 60% of
the country that now says they're in
favor that is a big big percentage
obviously Medicare as it has applied vii
as a popular rating of 77 percent even
fifty three percent say yes
government-run single-payer health care
so with those huge numbers behind you
and you said you're open to it but a lot
of senators have now come out and
declared yes we are for Medicare for all
well they're gonna pay difference in
taxes to the tax system you look at the
countries they have one payer system
everybody pays something everybody's
paying into it and also you you're going
to be your access to health care is
gonna be a little bit more controlled
that's how they control the prices I'm
supporting the u.s. negotiate how don't
you think Jenks that the US government
should negotiate for lower prices where
there's pharmaceuticals or anything they
should be in there
how do we allow Medicare not to
negotiate doesn't make any sense to me
at all right this so so you think that
there aren't gonna be higher taxes for
Medicare for all which is true but then
you would have no premiums no
deductibles no co-pays etc so it's so
are you in favor of it or no we have a
little we have this young boy okay this
young child I just was thinking of
England right now in London UK this one
child right there deciding now whether
that child gets services or not I don't
think that would be a decision we'd make
an American so you're not for Medicare
for all I'm just trying to understand
I'm four I'm looking at it I want to do
whatever is best but I don't want to go
in with blinders on to say oh yeah don't
grow prom at all I'm to the point sit
down let's look at the pluses and the
minuses make sure the public sees it
transparent and makes decisions okay
yeah right now mm-hmm
you know we haven't facts on the table I
can't tell you will be an open market
will still be market driven do I still
have access to the best care in the
world right I'm hearing that one of the
Canadians come to America because they
can't get it when they want it and what
they want yeah I want to learn all this
me yeah I understand and and Medicare by
the way does have a private option so it
doesn't foreclose that but let's move on
to another issue minimum wage so 74% of
Americans are in favor of increasing
minimum wage including a majority of
Republicans 58% of Republicans so our
use for increasing the minimum wage and
if so to how much I am in favor that
West Virginia didn't in the state this
challenges we are they went from 725 now
they're up to 875 and I think they're
even one further so this is all good
news every state's gonna be different
one size doesn't fit all I know
everybody's one across the board at $15
or $10 it was ten ten before and I
understand how we got to ten ten was
that they went back to 68 and they
indexed it from 68 to today's wages and
it came up in a $10 range so I think
that once we find that and then it
should be indexed after that so you
don't make this a political fight every
time you're trying to do something
so right now is there a number that you
would state that you're in favor of
whether it's 10 or 12 or 15 dollars in
West Virginia or across I mean are you
talking about across the country well as
a senator you'd be voting of course
federally but I'm happy to take dumb
answers yeah I think there should be a
ten dollar minimum a minimum across the
board for the United States and that
every country do what they want above
that okay that's a clear answer you
voted if you're among the five Democrats
who voted for arming Saudi Arabia now I
know that we've been doing that for a
long time but Saudi Arabia has the same
fundamentalist Muslim ideology as some
of the biggest terror groups out there
so that's a reality and and not only
were 15 out of the 19 hijackers Saudis
and you could say that's a long time ago
but they helped fund the Sunni
insurgency against our boys in Iraq so
why did you vote to fund the Saudi arms
deal well I asked a lot of questions on
that when I was on armed services for
six years I was concerned about
absolutely because the so-called smart
bombs weren't being used very smartly
and never still collateral damage we
were all concerned about that but I was
told by every expert that we have that
advises us that these weapons are going
to be sold by the French or UK or people
who might not put as much of an emphasis
on the education the training that needs
to be done with these types of weapons
to reduce the collateral damage so I
looked at it from the standpoint do we
have more input can we use more input as
far as on education and training to make
sure these weapons that we're providing
are used in the minest manner that we
can to defeat the terrorists and defeat
the people that we're trying to defeat
the enemy without the innocent being
harmed and I was told at the end that
would be the thing to do you're talking
about in Yemen and yes horrible
situation yeah the terrible human rights
abuses
there I you know I I would have gone in
a different direction but of course
everybody's different that's why I'm
asking the question is on I don't know
I have access to theses to these
professionals and you're talking about
the best of the best and they're giving
you their information they have that and
you know with that and that's what I did
so I totally understand so now let's go
to one more issue here which is
marijuana legalization you said that you
would do a new war on drugs we already
have a war on drugs obviously and it
doesn't seem like it's worth senator
Manchin it's a war on drugs James has
been born pharmaceutical drugs
I think the opiates that we're putting
on the market FDA what they have done is
just absolutely uncalled for and then
you have the DEA allowing these enormous
amounts to be distributed in the
marketplace which is horrible and I even
told President Trump this it says mr.
president you've talked about
over-regulation this and that and
everything why don't you do this for
every new drug that FDA allows every new
opiate drug that FDA allows to come on
the market once you make him take one
off why are you inundating why are you
allowing the marketplace to be inundated
that's my war on drugs my war is on
legal drugs that's killing West
Virginians more than anything else
so you're second largest owner I know
you say you don't look at the list but
it's my land and and you've got to know
about that one right and well I know I
mean I didn't know the amounts in August
got pay no attention but my daughter
being the CEO of Milan
they've been very much involved let me
just say Jenks on this Milan started as
a startup West Virginia Company was
startup success Mike push car and Don
paint us back in the 60s this has grown
into a company that provides 3,500 of
the best paying jobs in West Virginia
makes more pharmaceuticals they've saved
the country 187 billion dollars in the
last 10 years so it's a company that
we're proud of in West Virginia and it's
a company that I know and I've watched
grow over the years my daughter started
over 22 to 25 years ago and a data
processing in the mailroom worked her
way up only an American can you have
that opportunity and you know now yeah
but out of all the opportunities people
have there but senator Manchin it you
know and I know your daughter's here I'm
less concerned about that I you know I
look at
donor list I am concerned about that and
also and you know they increase the
price of every pen by six hundred
percent and everybody knows that that
was a big story in their press but the
one that I really got my attention was
when Health and Human Services said they
defrauded American taxpayers to the tune
of 1.2 7 billion dollars so I'm
wondering if you think that they should
pay all of that money back because they
did a settlement where they only paid
back four hundred some-odd million that
leaves another 800 million dollars they
could pay back or whether the government
should stop working with my land if
they're you know given their record of
defrauding the US here well I guess
that'll be in the court system I you
know I don't know anything you stepped
on though that would be in a court
system if that's the case the federal
government would take it if a federal
government takes a settlement then you
got to think that they didn't have much
of a case to take a stuff I don't know
enough about that James to speak on that
issue I've tried to stay out of these
issues because of our relationship I
love my daughter unconditionally the
most beautiful person with the biggest
heart I've ever met so I love her
unconditionally and I support her any
and every way I possibly can in her
private life her public life is
something she has taken and she has
worked her rear end off of and she is
where she is because of her
determination and hard work so wherever
that goes that's going to go I know the
federal government with the generics
that put out there you know the one
company in Morgantown West Virginia
makes more prescriptions than any other
I think any other single manufacturing
in the country or in the world right now
the proud of the 3,500 jobs that we have
there are good-paying jobs and if the
states that come to your country 187
billion dollars because of the lower
price drugs they're putting on the
market why shouldn't Medicare do the
same and the other thing is I supported
Bernie Sanders and I still support if we
can buy drugs and import them from other
countries that has cheaper prices and
they meet all the standards and the
testing and inspections then bring them
in I'm for that James yeah so I've not
heard the number where they you quoted
on them saving us money I've heard about
their incredibly high prices but I I
hear you and that's that's the
price producers in the country okay in
the world so that's okay and I hear you
on that and so people can look that up
online okay that's right and so last
thing is is based on what you just said
there which is supporting Bernie Sanders
in the past you've said that Bernie
Sanders is not even a Democrat and and
you have not been overall supportive of
I mean correct me where I'm wrong of
course that's why we're having the
conversation so in a state where Bernie
Sanders won every county in the primary
and you've got an issue where often
times you do vote with Republicans as we
pointed out 58% with Trump on votes the
issue no I hear you I hear you I'm just
talking about overall votes right
student loans for example there was a
attempt by Democrats the block and
increase in student loans you and
Senator King flipped over 5149 helped
the Republicans so that there were not
see 23.8% that's right so now on issues
like that again it winds up helping the
Republicans give it all that how do you
hope to rally Democratic voters and
progressive voters in West Virginia to
show up in enough numbers to defeat
Republicans in this election well you
know you said first of all Bernie Bernie
is not a Democrat he won't register as a
Democrat okay I respect Bernie and like
burning we have great conversations but
the facts are the facts with that let's
talk about college tuition I said Bernie
where I come from I think everybody
ought to have an opportunity to have an
education and we're going to make sure
that and those who can't afford it
should have a pathway for to get a
college education if they take full load
and graduate on time and complete
something then give two years of service
to their to the country in some way in
social services or whatever that should
exonerate them from paying anything back
that should be free education we didn't
give it to him they earned it they
didn't take ten years they didn't take a
hiatus they did not give not give
something back
that's a different
and I think there's a lot of West
Virginians that feel the same as I do I
need help help me and I'll help myself
and I'll show you that the investment
you made was worthy of that investment
I'm worthy of that investment so I think
there's enough people that is gonna look
at me and they know my record when I was
governor I got this state in the best
financial shape that's ever been in my
expanding services to the seniors to the
poor to the children more than ever
before I did everything I could because
I basically said that were part of our
environment my my commitment to the West
Virginia is based on my values of Who I
am that means our children should have a
start seniors should be looked after and
taken care for the contributions they
made and veterans should be rewarded for
the services they've given I just
couldn't be everything to everybody and
I'm sure there's some people and I guess
when you talk about progressive you're
talking about the liberal wing to think
that I should be more liberal and more
more liberal if you will I'm I want to
think I'm more responsible and more
compassion all right
Senator Joe Manchin thank you for
joining us on The Young Turks we
appreciate you taking the time out and
addressing the audience on these really
important questions thank you so much
it's great being with you and look
forward to being back with you too on
any issues I'm happy to explain I know
always agree but you know what I owe
everybody an explanation where I'm
coming from and the reason I'm voting if
I make a mistake I'll be the first to
admit I made a mistake and I can fix it
all right thank you senator Manchin we
appreciate Thank You Jencks good to be
with you
you
