Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump are facing
some criticism after Ivanka briefly
substituted Trump in his seat at the g20
session now she was pictured sitting
next to a number of world leaders
including Angela Merkel also the the
president of China and some are arguing
that this is unacceptable she is not an
elected official so as a result she's
unqualified and she shouldn't have sat
there I'm gonna go ahead and defend her
but first let me go really yes ma'am all
right I think this is much to do about
nothing but let me give you the details
about it so this is a response to the
criticism from her senior Trump
administration official she says Ivanka
Trump was sitting in the back and then
briefly joined the main table when the
president had to step out and the
president of the World Bank started
talking as the topic involved areas such
as African development areas that will
benefit from the facility just announced
by the World Bank so he steps out
briefly she takes his seat people are
upset because they think it's nepotism
which yes to some degree it's nepotism
but it's been nepotism from the very
beginning so if you're upset about that
I understand but to say well Rex
Tillerson you know he was appointed as
Secretary of State so he should be the
one who should sit there okay understood
but he also wasn't an elected official
he certainly is not qualified for that
job and she's actually there talking to
world leaders about something an effort
that she took part in that I think is
incredibly important so the World Bank
is trying to raise a billion dollars in
order to help provide capital to female
entrepreneurs in both developing and
developed countries right and so she's a
woman who is an entrepreneur she's been
you know trying to raise awareness about
these issues and so she you know nudged
Donald Trump to actually be part of this
initiative and as a result the United
States is going to contribute 50 million
dollars which i think is great this is
good news right and so I think it's
totally fine for her to sit there
briefly and have a discussion about that
it's not that big of a deal and I feel
like criticizing her for this specific
makes liberals seem incredibly petty
that's my take on it now according to
CNN Ivanka along with World Bank
president Jim Yong Kim and Merkel helped
launch the World Bank backed program
that will promote women's
entrepreneurship in developing countries
okay so I don't know uh Angela Merkel
was asked about this like hey do you
find this unusual what do you think and
here's what she said Ivanka Trump was
part of the American delegation so that
is something that other delegations also
do and it is very well known that she
works in the White House and that she is
also engaged in certain initiatives so
you make a compelling case and then
she's part of the administration this is
something she cares about and it is what
it is on the other hand there's a couple
points to be made know number one it
doesn't show that Trump cares about this
issue if his way of caring is I'm gonna
go take a bathroom break and Ivanka you
fill it um it's it's a we
entrepreneurship for women what abs I'll
let my daughter sit in on that okay okay
so that's point one he did talk about it
during his speech at the g20 okay
secondly if the Democrats had done this
people would lose their minds if Hillary
Clinton won and was like Chelsea Clinton
will be sitting in for me and some
incredibly important meetings with world
leaders every Republican would lose
their mind yeah that's right and they
would attack and it would be Petty and
and look I I only say that it would be
petty if you know the context of the
situation is the same context that we
have here now now please don't
misunderstand me I have no love for the
Trump's okay and so it does pain me to
defend them in this case but fair is
fair and I feel like this is so this is
such a ridiculous criticism they're
actually doing something good here right
amongst all of the terrible stuff that
they're doing here's something good and
and they're trying to empower women in
you know underprivileged countries and I
think that that you know credit where
credit is due so on the substance of it
I agree with you and I
and I'm glad that you're pointing that
out furthermore uh it's just you're
right the underlying issue is that they
work in the white house in the first
place
yes so if Angela Merkel was like oh
here's all my kids and they'll be
running Germany from now on and so one
of them will be doing a handling our
relationship with China like really are
you serious and then the other one will
sit in it for me and international
meetings people would think that was
incredibly strange and by the way a
little demeaning if Merkel's like oh
here's my daughter's take my daughter to
work day so she's sitting in an for me
at this meeting yeah now the daughter is
not 13 I get it she's a grown-up on the
other hand if I could Trump what has she
accomplished other than being a barker
Trump I know people are gonna find that
outrageous but like so Donald Trump said
if short my daughter it would be so much
easier for her we might have a
disagreement on that to Anna because I
think that is a preposterous statement
well I think that it's difficult to have
someone like Donald Trump as your father
right that's true but it's also
incredibly like millions of dollars that
you wouldn't have had otherwise don't
tell me that it's easy and that it's
hard for you boohoo okay so your dad's a
monster sad day for you but it's like
would Ivanka Trump be sitting in that
meeting if your name was event Ivanka
Johnson very unlikely you're you're
right about that I don't disagree but
what I'm trying to say is we have
criticized her quite a bit for saying
that she wants to empower women when it
appeared that she hadn't done anything
to empower women so here she is pushing
Trump to do something good for female
entrepreneurs whether you like it or not
she is an entrepreneur I mean obviously
she doesn't have a level playing field
compared to other women who aren't as
connected but nonetheless she is an
entrepreneur and she's doing something
good here so instead of focusing on like
why she's sitting at the table where
there's a good side to this that I think
unfortunately people who are criticizing
it aren't looking at at all okay so I
think I take issue with your where but I
I've been
to phrase things that way too sometimes
would turn about people I don't agree
with but look last thing on this is that
it when they say if she weren't my
daughter it would be so much easier for
her I think that's what gets under
people's skin it certainly got under my
skin because if you were to say
acknowledge the the brace that you've
been given by the way I've been given a
thousand breaks my dad's a wonderful guy
and worked his ass off or gave me put me
in a situation where I can do the things
that I did but I mean terminally
grateful for that and I don't think I
would have done it anyway man oh okay I
don't need anybody and Ivanka if she was
just born dirt poor in West Virginia
sure not know this anyway and so it's
only hurt her that she had hundreds of
millions of dollars in a president and a
dad who became president just please
don't insult our intelligence cuz you
don't have any so that I guess goes more
towards to what Donald Trump said and is
doing more than Ivanka and I do
appreciate that you're pointing out but
the more important thing is the
substance of what they discuss that day
and that was good news watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded or
stream it watch it any way you like at
TYT Network comm slash join
