net neutrality is the principle that all
websites should be treated equal and
that sum should not be slowed down or or
sped up based on who pays the Internet
service providers a bigger fee so now
the internet service providers are not
in favor of net neutrality they want to
get rid of the government regulating
them under what they call title 2 which
is another way of getting net neutrality
which is a situation we have now that
we've always had the internet is for
everyone but the Internet service
providers want to change that Comcast
Verizon 18t and some of the others why
if they're providing the pipes for the
Internet they say I should be able to
charge whatever I want and if you pay me
a big enough ransom I mean a fee for my
services you will have a very speedy
connection and if you don't well then
you won't have a very speedy connection
now Comcast says no no no we're for an
open Internet but we'd like the ability
legally to be able to do all that slow
ups
speed up and do all these different
things and by the way if you speak out
against this whether you pay or you
don't pay maybe we slow you down anyway
so now folks online are not happy about
this regular people aren't happy about a
5.1 million people have sent in comments
to the FCC breaking a record saying keep
net neutrality do not listen of the
Internet service providers that's crazy
now rajat pine leads the FCC he was put
in there by Trump
he's a former Verizon lawyer and
shockingly agrees with the Verizon and
Comcast and those guys saying no no no
they should be able to charge you
whatever they want but don't worry
they'll voluntarily out of the goodness
of their heart keep an open Internet
anyway so obviously also some of the
companies online fighting back against
this so good news on that front tech
companies in activists will be
mobilizing supporters of the net
neutrality rules on Wednesday for an
online quote day of action so that's
great many web sites that have signed up
for demonstration will show their
support for net neutrality by displaying
alerts warning the public about how the
internet could change if the rules are
hold back I love that now let me tell
you as a bum there's some giant players
the protest has already attracted some
of the web's biggest names Amazon reddit
twitter Netflix Etsy Facebook and Google
are all expected to join in now let's be
clear about disclosures here some of
those groups obviously would have to pay
the Comcast of the world more money if
this goes into effect to make sure that
their giant companies web sites are not
slowed down now it was not clear which
way they were gonna go because Netflix
Facebook for Google etc could have an
advantage because they have the money to
be able to pay Verizon AT&T Comcast
whereas the smaller outlets that would
compete against them would not but here
those big Internet companies did the
right thing and so they're gonna
continue to fight for net neutrality for
which I think they should deserve they
deserve a lot of credit because some of
them might view this as better for their
business interests to have net
neutrality and protect the Internet and
by the but it is possible that some of
them would think hey this could help
kill all of our competition so it's a
50/50 question I think for them and and
in that question the fact that they're
doing the right thing is wonderful okay
by the way a disclosure for us the Young
Turks we have a website that is not a
multi-billion dollar operation so if
they killed net neutrality we would be
susceptible to being slowed down just
like the rest of the internet would be
susceptible to it so it might hurt our
business interests but our two biggest
partners are Facebook and Google so
because of that we might actually be an
okay shape but it doesn't matter no
matter where our business interests lie
I am 1,000% in favor of net neutrality I
don't know anybody at this company I
know the hosts have a variety of
opinions on different issues here but I
don't know any hosts that is against net
neutrality here because we all believe
in freedom on the internet no matter
where our business interests life but I
wanted to be clear with you guys because
now we go to the next story which is an
exclusive brought to you by us Andrew
Jones
writing on t whitey politics explains
Comcast's role in this
first he explains where their lobbying
is where their money is money isn't
that'll give you a sense of which
direction any they're going in which
they're not hiding by the way just give
you details on how much they care about
this in the first quarter of this year
alone comcast has spent three hundred
thousand dollars to lobby against net
neutrality on Capitol Hill ok so that's
a decent amount of money for Hugh and I
that's a lot of money for Comcast's a
good-sized money for just one quarter in
one year but now let's give you more
context in 2016 alone Comcast shelled
out 1 million two hundred and forty
thousand dollars to law firms to
represent them in lobbying public
officials on the topic of net neutrality
that was slightly less than the 2015
total of 1 million six hundred twenty
two thousand spent on the same topic
including four hundred and seventy
thousand dollars during the first
quarter of 2015 when the FCC voted on
that principle so the reason why they
spend a lot in 2015 and now in 2017 is
because those are the two times that
this issue was brought up in 2015 the
Obama administration decided to keep net
neutrality and keep the internet open
and free
so Comcast tried to defeat that at that
point and spent millions of dollars
doing so in 2017 they get Trump into
office they spend a lot of money to make
sure that this time they can't kill net
neutrality okay so a lot of you might
know that about Comcast and other
Internet service providers but Comcast's
also giant media corporation are they
revealing their interests when they talk
about it on air through all the
properties that they own hmm that's
interesting so let's go to that but
despite all of this Comcast's pending
jones reports their news networks NBC
News MSNBC and CNBC have barely
mentioned net neutrality and they
certainly haven't disclosed their
companies lobbying on the issue okay
let's go to NBC first NBC's Nightly News
with Lester Holt has had only one full
report on net neutrality in 2017 so
that's not a lot but it is the nightly
news and you know they have a lot of
topics to cover mainly Russia but still
in the news report NBC's News Tom
Costello did disclose that Comcast does
own NBC that's good that they at least
disclose that he mentioned that in
passing but that's positive and we're
giving you the positives as well here
and then this story he gave the usual
mainstream media thing both sides of the
issue
which is some say that killing net
neutrality will end the Internet as we
know it and will create a new system
where there could be fast lanes the slow
lanes he did report something to that
effect and then he said but other
companies Comcast which owns NBC in ATT
etcetera
say that this will that the current
rules stifle competition and creativity
does the internet look like it's lacking
in competition and creativity that's a
talking point put out by those
corporations now this is my general
criticism of the mainstream media
altogether which is okay Tom you just
gave the two sides but which one is it
you're a reporter
so does net neutrality keep the internet
free or does it not and if you say
freeze to Vega where did I hear you then
give me details what are the actual
rules don't tell me this side says that
the other side says this which one is it
I know it would be so you know biased to
actually look at the facts of what the
proposal does it's not an opinion the
proposal does something tell us what
that is
and the reality is of course it would
end the current system that we have on
the Internet
and it would allow the Internet service
providers to charge more for you to have
the same speed or higher speed
connection so it would give them the
ability to control the Internet
so Andrew goes on to say the last time
NBC Nightly News had a segment on net
neutrality before that April report was
back on February 26th of 2015 the day
that it was voted into existence that
title 2 provision so in three years two
reports interesting now here are the
Yonkers maybe because were affected by a
more know comcast is actually way way
more affected by it because they have
billions of dollars on the line but here
the Young Turks we're also affected by
it and we've had a lot of reports on net
neutrality but somehow they just
couldn't squeeze into the nightly news
okay well let's see
on the website where they have unlimited
space not just in a half an hour program
if they did better
well again Jones reporting for TYT
politics says a similar lack of full
disclosure about PI's rollback
announcement occurred on the same day on
NBC News's website NBC News tech
reporter alysa Newcomb mentioned Comcast
chairman and CEO Brian Roberts desire
for a title to net neutrality disappear
but Newcomb's article did not contain
any information on the company's
lobbying on net neutrality you would
think that that might be a little
relevant if you're owned by Comcast okay
now let's move to MSNBC he says if you
thought net neutrality --zz coverage was
difficult to find on NBC News as limited
hours of coverage the topic is struggle
to garner attention on 24/7 MSNBC as
Comcast was spending money in the
background on the issue alexis nexus
search has revealed that net neutrality
hasn't received a full new segment on
MSNBC this year in the wave of networks
endless trump coverage especially during
the 7 to 10 p.m. prime time hours that
are currently enjoying their best
success ever so you tell me you run a
cable station that goes for 24 hours a
day and you could not find time to do
one full segment on net neutrality that
would determine the fate of the Internet
is that a small issue is that the
thinking there well that's a tiny little
thing about whether you have freedom on
the internet anymore according to the
people who are worked up about it and
broke the record on a number of comments
on this issue 5.1 million comments they
don't think it's a small issue then he's
a giant issue and a giant issue that
your parent corporation is very much
involved in so Shh okay
MSNBC's website hasn't been much better
uncovering net neutrality its website
has only mentioned net neutrality twice
in articles in 2017 and both have come
at the bottom of a news link roundup
from Rachel Maddow's show producer Steve
Benin and either post mentioned Comcast
as lobbying spending on net neutrality
so Wow
two footnotes in 2017 and no disclosure
okay now we'll go back to 2015 there at
Rachel Maddow did do a good interesting
thoughtful segment on that
Trouty let's give you the rest on their
website for articles were neutral news
reports about the subject including two
on that same day February 26 2015 day
the heart of other article on MSNBC's
website about net neutrality in early
2015 was an opinion piece against it
from a member of the conservative group
Competitive Enterprise Institute again
none of these pieces mention any of
Comcast is lobbying on net neutrality
primarily or with other issues which in
the fourth quarter of 2014 and the first
quarter of 2015 combined to almost 1
million dollars so they put up for
neutral articles on net neutrality and
then the one opinion piece they have on
MSNBC is from a conservative group
saying yeah net neutrality
who needs it hmm especially back in 2015
they're pretending to be a progressive
network but yet the one piece of opinion
they could find was against net
neutrality fascinating and yet no
disclosure on their lobbying the NGOs
also looked into CNBC
because they're a business station they
did cover it more but again no
disclosures on Comcast as lobbying and
to be fair let's give you Comcast's
version of this as well when asked for
comment on why Comcast news channels
haven't disclosed the companies lobbyist
spending on net neutrality Comcast
senior vice president of corporate
communications Sina fitzmorris stated
that quote all of Comcast channels have
complete editorial independence and no
interference from Comcast
okay now final thought on this is why do
so little stories on it because
sometimes you find the memos but it's a
hard thing to find and oftentimes
they're not written of someone from
headquarters going and saying okay this
is a big deal for Comcast there's
billions of dollars on the line MSNBC I
don't care what your brand is I don't
care what your ratings are do not do
stories about them or if you do say that
killing net neutrality is awesome
they're very unlikely to write that memo
unless their pain
evilly stupid what happens instead is
and and again I look I don't want to
overstate my tenure at MSNBC I was there
for about a year but I got some lessons
from being inside the building which is
that if you do things that are frowned
upon well then you get a talking-to and
everybody else in the building knows not
a good idea I wouldn't go in that
direction so did the good folks at NBC
MSNBC and CNBC know hey if we do a lot
of stories telling you about how great
net neutrality is and we shouldn't kill
it that might create a situation for our
parent company the tune of billions upon
billions of dollars yeah that might
create a situation so yes they're aware
of that but most importantly and what
the stories mainly about is if you're
gonna cover the story for at least give
us the disclosure which they at least
didn't in that one NBC News report case
a they give half a disclosure comcast
owned by NBC I shouldn't even say
mumbling on their bed they said Comcast
owned by NBC but it didn't tell you how
much Comcast is on the side of killing
net neutrality and how many millions of
dollars they've spent to kill net
neutrality so can we at least get a
little bit of disclosure it's not too
much to ask for support independent
media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
