my favorite excuse in this hold on Trump
jr. saga where he went to go get
information from Russian people connect
to the Russian government that might
have been information he believed the
Russians spied in on Hillary Clinton on
which would be illegal is Reince Priebus
so he comes up with the best excuse he's
now the chief of staff for donald trump
and first they ask him well about the
meeting and he says quote it was a very
short meeting oh I see so that makes it
less illegal that's not that great an
excuse by the way it was not sure it was
twenty to thirty minutes it wasn't like
they walked in there like oh you're that
lady from the Russians no I'm walking
out that would then the shortness of
that meeting would have relevance they
sat down and asked for twenty to talk
for 20 to 30 minutes this is not me
singing it's Donald Trump jr. on the
record now admitting yeah I went to get
information about Hillary Clinton from
the Russians a foreign government and
and since she didn't have it I was
annoyed and she just want to talk about
a policy issue of adoption so I walked
out after 20 to 30 minutes and man
afforded cushion apparently walked out
earlier than that that doesn't help your
case at all
okay then second excuse talking about
issues of foreign policy issues related
to our place in the world issues
important to the American people like
adoption is something that's not unusual
except Reince your guy admitted that
when she started talking about adoption
he was annoyed he had actually gone to
get dirt on Hillary Clinton that the
Russians might have for him and how
would the Russians have procured that
very very very very very likely through
spying and stealing the information so
look once the information is out there
it's out there but at that point it had
not been put out by WikiLeaks and this
was the Trump administration see if they
could work with a foreign government to
get that that's okay
Reince has one more excuse and it might
be the best one listen our problem so
whose problem is it rights this is
obviously the Democrats fault this is a
developing story I don't know much about
it other than it seems to be on the end
of the Trump individuals a big nothing
burger but
spin out of control for the DNC and the
Democrats well let me ask you about two
aspects of that and in terms of the DNC
are you suggesting that this was somehow
a setup
by Democrats to to try to link them or
compromise them with the Russians and
and this was before there was any
Russian interference in the election so
why would they have done that I have
well look what Y was using GPS involved
in putting together this dossier
I don't know Chris and I don't think too
many people know why or how this meeting
came about however what I can tell you
is from my communication with our team
on this subject there was nothing to it
it was a 20-minute meeting it ended
after everyone was decidedly sitting
there saying there's nothing happening
here they moved on and I think in the
end what you're gonna find in this story
if you read the Circa column is I think
there's more questions on the Democrat
side than anywhere else yeah the Circa
column he's referring to is from a
right-wing outlet owned by Sinclair
Broadcasting so I love this so our guys
went to go get secret information that
they thought Russian spies had and you
could against Hillary Clinton so you can
see why that's Hillary Clinton's fault I
gotta be honest with you right no I
can't
I missed that connection well it's a
group that it was had some opposition
research against Trump that where they
got there and then so maybe it was the
Democrats no first of all that group
that he's referring to was originally
hired by Republicans but put all that
aside even if it was a trap that Hillary
Clinton sprung for you so that you would
go to an illegal meeting with Russian
officials well apparently your guys are
stupid enough to fall for that trap so
Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner Paul
Manafort all went to that meeting that
is not a good defense we got tricked
into doing something illegal because
that we really really wanted dirt on
Hillary Clinton and we were willing to
go work with a foreign government and
get their stolen goods to do so oh no we
got caught okay
it is far-fetched to think that the
Democrats set this up the Democrats are
so not
that's sophisticated that they lost the
Donald Trump if so you're telling me
that knuckleheads lost the Trump wound
up doing this secret meeting where it
was a trap on top of a trap and then
they don't and even if that were true
it's still illegal so Reince metal luck
next time if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
