we had the huge story today about Donald
Trump jr. and Kushner and Manta fort all
meeting with a Kremlin linked lawyer to
get what was presumably stolen
intelligence about Hillary Clinton and
obviously the Russian connection to the
Trump campaign and to Trump officials
has been an enormous story now what I
don't want to ask you about because this
is an interesting question that I'm very
curious as to what your thoughts on an
hour I don't want to ask you about
things that are obvious if there was a
financial deal that Trump had with the
Russians that is massively clearly
illegal and we'd be done with that so
that's not an interesting question for
you guys but I I want to ask you guys
about something that and if they ask the
Russians to steal information that would
be clearly illegal and and they should
go to jail for that let alone you know
losing the presidency if Trump was
involved right but what I'm curious
about is what I think is the heart of
the Democrats charges against Trump at
least what I see in the press and
whether you think that's enough for
Trump to step down so the question we're
asking this poll is should Trump be
removed from office if Russian collusion
is proven regarding the leaked DNC
emails so that's it though okay so tea
white tea network.com slash remove I'm
not sure which way I would vote on this
that's why I'm asking you this because
I'm curious what your take on it is so
I'm not asking you if the Trump if the
trumpet campaign stole the emails
themselves that's different I'm not
asking about that if they worked with
the Russians in stealing that
information I'm not asking you about
that I think that would be clearly
illegal what I'm saying is if they work
with the Russians in somehow getting
that information out once the Russians
had already stolen any kind of collusion
where they didn't do the actual stealing
themselves but they worked with the
Russians about the DNC emails and that's
it is that enough to remove Donald Trump
from office
so what I'm
and it's a should day right whether it
will be enough is of course a political
question a legal question and one that
we can't answer without all the details
so this is a hypothetical in asking you
if it just collusion was proven over
just the emails do you think he should
be removed from office can't wait to get
your answers on it and then we'll share
with you guys soon of course TYT Network
comm / remove if you like this clip of
The Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
