boy do we have interesting news for you
next week on The Young Turks Senator Joe
Manchin that ought to be interesting
so I'm gonna tell you when you can watch
it live and then and then obviously
we'll put it up for everybody a little
bit later it's live at 11:15 a.m.
Eastern on Tuesday morning so if you're
a member members watch all the
interviews live and then don't worry
everybody gets to see them all but we
get it takes a little while to edit etc
and put them up later but if you
remember you can watch it live as it
goes down tweet it whatever etc at 11:15
a.m. Eastern on Tuesday morning Senator
Joe Manchin of West Virginia on The
Young Turks okay and then and obviously
on our regular show it's 68 p.m. Eastern
that day will also clips from that
interview up that we could talk about
also later in the week keith ellison
will be on the program that is on Friday
next Friday at 1:00 o'clock Eastern
members will be able to watch that live
as well oh by the way how do you get
membership TYT Network comm slash join
and don't worry this month it's actually
free so you get a month of membership
free if you sign up before July 28th the
way you do that is you use the promo
code free TYT
so if you want to watch the mansion
interview live or they'll send any of
you live just go to tea white tea
network.com slash join and put the promo
code free TYT in there and you'll be
able to do that ah I have no idea how
that interview is gonna go but it would
be shocking if it wasn't fascinating it
is bound to be interesting no matter
which direction it goes one of the cool
things about you debating Joe Manchin is
that there's no B's to sides you and Joe
and like you know fierce debate and
normally he's going to be on this one
side but randomly he might switch over
if there's a chance to screw over the
American people
let's see my love to you in the debate
so that is your take on it and and maybe
it'll be perfectly great it will agree
on things and you'll say you know what
Jake I wanted to come on The Young Turks
tell you that I'm for Medicare for all
I don't know I don't know he asked for
the interview so he asked for the
interview he asked for he's trying to
reach your audience yes fascinating
fascinating I don't know what's gonna
happen
bait or is it an interview notes
interview it's it is we don't we don't
often agree
so it might devolve to paint but it's an
interview I'm gonna ask some questions
it's gonna answer is there any chance
that mid interview apology and
Swearengen runs in with a steel chair
no no chance no that that is a different
fight in a different venue
okay conversations that come out so
fascinating stuff so don't miss any of
that help us build an independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm /join
