news over the weekend was buzzing over
the fact that Donald Trump retweeted an
image of himself basically beating up
somebody with a CNN logo over their face
it was from an old WWE broadcast and
Donald Trump used it to show how tough
he is against the so-called fake news
but what really happened was that Donald
Trump got skewered on Twitter by both
Democrats and Republicans for acting
like a petulant child which is pretty
much what he is now Donald Trump doesn't
seem to understand the kind of dignity
that goes with having and holding the
office of the US president but it's
something that he needs to learn pretty
quickly you see our global image the way
people outside this country view the
United States is falling at a rapid pace
in fact in just his first five months in
office he's already sank the u.s. as
image lower than george w bush did after
eight years but furthermore his little
tweet there with him beating up CNN
inspires violence CNN has been talking
over the weekend about the fact that
this is going to end up getting a
reporter either seriously hurt or
possibly killed last week Sarah Huckabee
Sanders deputy press secretary for the
president said that Donald Trump has
never encouraged violence in fact quite
the opposite is true she told us well
first of all we know that even before
this little Twitter incident that was
not true there is plenty of video and
audio of him from rallies saying get him
out of here toss them out of here throw
them out of here he has inspired plenty
of violence we know that he has
encouraged it that's why he got sued for
doing so but he has to be held to a
higher standard he is the President of
the United States he can't go on Twitter
like he did Saturday morning and call
Mika Brzezinski dumb as a rock
regardless of your opinion of Mika will
of which I do not hold a very high one
the sitting president of the United
States
not refer to someone as dumb as a rock
okay that is beneath the dignity of that
office and that is why his tweets do
matter his own co-writer
this past weekend came out and said
these tweets are not a distraction
because Trump's not smart enough to come
up with that and that's the other side
of the story here a lot of progressives
are saying we have to focus on other
things other than these tweets and
that's fine we are but these tweets are
not dismissable when they have potential
real-world consequences as we're seeing
with the way the rest of the world views
the United States with the way they view
Donald Trump with the fact that they no
longer want to travel to the United
States because of Donald Trump which
costs us billions of dollars in economic
tourism so yes these tweets are a
problem
they're problem for everyone but more
importantly they show us the real
character of Donald Trump that most of
us were trying to warn this country
about for a year and a half since he
announced he was running for president
these tweets are by no means shocking
we're not shocked by this behavior we
fully expected it predicted it and
warned everyone about it but the fact
that he hasn't changed the fact that he
doesn't understand that he has to be
held to a higher standard the fact that
he doesn't understand that his base is
more than likely going to take his words
as a call to action that's the problem
and that's why we cannot simply just say
that these tweets are dismissible
there's something that has to be
discussed and to be honest there are
things that could potentially prove that
this president is mentally unfit to hold
his job and to be honest that's probably
one of the most important reasons why we
have to keep talking about these tweets
