finally you can snort chocolate am i
right let's take a look at this brand
spankin new product from Nick Anderson a
29 year old from a company called legal
lien it's called Choka
Coco Loco I don't know it seems like
it's trying to tap into the four loko
craze it is available for right now it's
on sale for $10 for five dollars off the
$24.99 price tag it is chocolate powder
you can snort and what does it do for
you according to the website it gives
you an endorphin rush a serotonin rush
which it compares to the elevated mood
similar to Fiat the feeling of ecstasy a
euphoric energy and then don't worry you
also will get a calm focus so it's
trying to be ecstasy coke and adderall
all rolled into one
all the way to the snorting would you do
this well it depends on the other things
that you're gonna tell me first of all
you know what I like about my food
tasting it right so but most of taste is
smell ooh
could count of a point-counterpoint yes
okay but you can smell things without
literally putting them in your nose I
guess yes hey counterpoint to yourself
okay so I know I've never felt the need
to snort anything I'm not that guy
gotcha so it's not like when you say it
to me is like but you can snort it like
and so chocolate is delicious I prefer
eating it yeah and let's just say that
I'm a little dubious that it's going to
give me X to see and adderal all at once
perfectly legal and safe at centers so
what if you're wondering what the
experts in the medical field are saying
about this and dr. Andrew Lane who runs
the sinus Center at Johns Hopkins which
is a reputable institution says is it
what are the risks he says there's no
data as far as I can tell no one studied
what happens if you inhale chocolate
into your nose which I believe no one
study he said it's not clear how much of
each ingredient would be absorbed into
the nasal mucus membranes and while
putting solid material into your nose
you could imagine it getting stuck in
there or the chocolate mixing with your
mucus to create a pace that could block
your sinuses
good to know the chocolate mucus paste
made it slightly less interesting it's
slightly less appetizing okay you know
what I would try it you would try it
yeah would I continue to pay money for
it no but if you says hey this is this
is just chocolate yeah do you wanna
smoke it yeah you're like you only live
once I don't know any people who have
tried it and also owned the company say
so basically I who invented it said it
really gives me that focus that I need
in all these things I just don't believe
it at all I talked but I believe it
enough to try it bread because you know
why cuz I am just like everybody else on
that sucker who when I see world's no
LA's best hamburger right I'm like is it
could I go in and try it world-famous
Tommy's with 1m high that's the
hamburger stand all over it's like
Tommy's famous hamburgers yeah it's
amazing
what makes me a little dubious is the
person who created this a Nick Anderson
a 29 year old who started with $10,000
started the company which is called
legal lien which lien is another word
for purple drink which is kind of a
codeine cough syrup that is illegal and
Lil Wayne jizz asked him with his
experiences with that and so he tried to
make a legal version of that using just
herbal extracts and if you read some of
the reviews of it they're pretty
hilarious like it just made me sleepy it
didn't work at all but the guy says that
he's selling somewhere between forty to
fifty thousand bottles of legal lien
each month for $12.50 so this is a thing
there's a thing but he's doing legal
lien and now he's trying to do legal for
loco because it's like for cocoa but
then it's also snorting stuff so you're
doing sizzurp and legal lien so I think
basically what this is is you'll get to
pretend to be cool right without
actually doing anything illegal it is
just like people will see you at the
club but another like are you doing
cocaine and they'll be like why is it
brown all over your nose I don't I don't
know Lee sniffing butts if you liked
this video you'll love the whole TYT
Network check it out at TYT Network comm
slash join
