so there's a lot of hand-wringing about
the media and are they balanced enough
are they creating more division are they
fake are they not fake so walter
isaacson who was former CNN chairman and
CEO and very respected in the community
and in the industry now at the Aspen
Institute is on bloomberg television
he's gonna talk about it I think he is
half right but I also think that he
leaves out a huge part which makes him
half wrong
so first let's watch about the
fracturing of journalism talk to us a
little bit about how you see Fox's role
here in perhaps smoothing some of the
divides in the country or or
exacerbating them oh yeah I think that's
definitely true that the divides in our
country have been exacerbated by all
forms of media whether it's in the
blogosphere on cable news people getting
more and more partisan so now the half
that's true is is obvious so you know in
the beginning there was the wife see it
depends on what you mean by the
beginning in the modern era there was
the Walter Cronkite's etc and and the
idea was that the news was supposed to
be objective now it's not really that
true Edward Armero one of the legends of
news was clearly opinionated it had a
perspective shared it on there Walter
Cronkite actually was his most famous
moments are when he said Vietnam we
weren't winning him we weren't headed in
the right direction that is an opinion
and when he cried over JFK being shot
very understandable but a moment of
emotion and passion so I think that even
the past has been judged in it in a way
that's not really accurate let alone a
the fact that if you go further back to
the foundation of this country the press
actually used to be deeply partisan and
far more vicious than it is today so
that's the fact then you can go check
that out as well but in the modern era
there was the thought that there is
objectivity and oftentimes by the way
delivered by organizations like
Associated Press Reuters McClatchy
Newspapers does a wonderful job with it
I think the Guardian does intercept etc
but it got warped at some point to mean
balance or neutrality instead of
objectivity
so then they just said well we were
Republicans say this and Democrats say
that and look the organization that he
ran CNN was the most responsible in my
opinion for that kind of false
equivalency so is there more
partisanship now yes then Fox News comes
they're deeply partisan and then online
it's very clear bright parts on the
right and Glenn Beck's on the right
there are many blogs on the left and
obviously we're very clear about our
perspective and we are progressive so I
think that least is more honesty online
where people clearly label their
perspective and you know you've heard me
say this a thousand times I think CNN
the rest of the established media also
have a perspective they have an
establishment perspective and an
establishment bias which they do not
clearly label that is why they see some
on the left and the right as fringe and
not acceptable and they're outside of
the you know the range of acceptable
opinion according to the grand poobahs
who run CNN and etc so but is it more
partisan yes I will grant them that that
is half true let's watch a little bit
more so I can tell you what I think is
actually the number one problem here if
you know people get step back from that
now don't just put Fox in the category
but I'll put everybody in the category
including all of us if we could step
back from having knee-jerk partisan
reactions that would be good yes and no
so if you are having a partisan reaction
and you say well the Democrats are right
no matter what then that's useless and
and nobody online is interested in that
by the way yeah or if you say the
Republican Party is always right oh of
course of course that's useless and and
people online I think are far more
sophisticated than TV viewers and and
they don't fall into the normal team
play my family has always been a
democratic family my family has always
been a Republican I'm on Team Republican
or Democrat so now are there also people
on online that are not more
sophisticated of course I know that do
but generally speaking I don't know
there is a show with a deeper connection
to the online audience then then we have
tens of thousands of comments every day
and I can tell you right now that
viewers online do not like partisanship
on the other hand
to be honest and clear with your
perspective again I think we deliver on
that nice to be fair to Breitbart it's
clear with what their perspective is and
many of the right wing blogs and
left-wing blogs but what I think that
Walter Isaacson is getting wrong there
is that he thinks well that means we
call it down the middle no no no no and
I hope I'm not putting words in news
mouths but I have seen this time and
time again and in the context of that
interview it certainly appeared that he
was saying that if you then say since I
don't want to be partisan I'm gonna say
that what the Republicans are doing and
the Democrats are doing are equal no but
that's not true that's not objectively
true so I can give you many examples
I'll give you one the number of
filibusters that the Republicans did
doubled or nearly tripled the previous
record of filibusters so and by the way
that's under County if you're taller if
you look it's just strictly the numbers
of filibusters I think it's around
double but if you see that the Democrats
actually did now force them into
filibusters on many other issues that
they could have it would have gone way
past that number so who was more
obstructionist well there is a literal
answer to that question and it was the
Republican Party now if you say today
the Republican the Democrats are
obstructing Republicans plants that's
fair but and I'm not sure you should
call it even they're either they're
Democrats are looking to block Trump's
agenda hence they are more
obstructionist but don't call it even if
it isn't even and so in reality now and
here's what you'll never hear the
establishment press partly because of
the opinions of Isaacson's and others
that would consider it unduly partisan
one party is planed by Queensbury rules
I mean when Asaf lost
he had banners in the background saying
humility what kind of a political slogan
is humility on one side they got kids
gloves on on the other side they are
proud I mean you go look at all the the
work
Roger stones not hiding it he's so proud
of all of his lies and deceptions and
tricks and he brags about it to anyone
who'll see it and now roundly
acknowledged is the person who got
Donald Trump Iran and a lot of his
campaign was based on Roger stone
tactics and it is a proven fact how many
times Donald Trump lies he lies within
the same sentence if you call that even
you have done a great disservice to
journalism so if you say well look we
don't want to be seen too partisan so I
will say I can't tell the difference
between Democrats and Republicans well
that's not journalism and you've hurt
the idea of the media and the press so
which plan covers more people Obamacare
has a lot of issues with it we talked
about there the issues when they were
passing it I don't think you controls
prices nearly well enough but does it
cover more people absolutely we'll see
you citizens pay more under this new
health care proposal absolutely
sometimes three three times more than
they used to pay sometimes four times
more than they used to Spain by the way
it's also fair to say some young and
healthy people will pay less under the
Republican plan and then you talk about
a trade-off
Republicans give a giant about 700
billion dollar tax cut to the rich
that's a fact that's a fact don't be
afraid to say it and 23 million people
will lose their insurance and senior
citizens will pay a lot more on the
other hand rich people get more tax cuts
and younger and more healthier people
will pay a little bit less for their
insurance but on places like CNN they
are so afraid to say it because then
Donald Trump and everybody will say oh
you're the liberal media you're older
thought you're being partisan fake news
all that stuff no lay out the facts no
matter where they fall and I think
they're so scared to be called partisan
that is not what they're doing today
that's the real problem with the
establishment media today help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
