Donald Trump is currently on his trip to
Europe and he had his big speech in
Poland which I wish we had time to break
down because there were some doozies in
there but he's also less than one day
out from a major sit-down bilateral
meeting with the Russian president of
Vladimir Putin and both White House
aides and also outside observers people
who know about these sorts of events
have a lot of advice for how he should
approach his preparation for this
meeting and how he should conduct
himself with Vladimir Putin
so mr. Trump's aides are apparently
seeking a structure and predictability
they hope that a formal meeting with
aides present and an agenda will leave
less room for improvisation and
apparently Donald Trump is just going to
he doesn't have a list of like things he
wants to cover he's just going to talk
about whatever pops into his head which
is a great way you know to meet one of
our adversaries that makes sense but the
reason that the aides are worried about
this is that a lot of people believe
that Vladimir Putin is very experienced
obviously both in politics and in
intelligence work he is good at these
sorts of meetings he's good at exerting
pressure manipulating people seducing
people as they say at one point he
brought a black lab to a meeting with
Angela Merkel who was afraid of dogs
after earlier in her life being bit by
one to sort of put her off her game in
the meeting so I don't know exact maybe
he's gonna bring like a really big pair
of gloves to the meeting with Trump I
don't know but yeah the way to try to
manipulate him in some fashion but look
at their prep look at what they're doing
to get him ready aides have written a
list of tweet length sentences that
summarize the main points Trump could
bring up with Putin that's the most
embarrassing thing I've ever heard
that's not just embarrassing for Donald
Trump it's embarrassing for all of us
our leader is a guy who could only read
in tweet length sentences oh my god
sad baby there's some chance that he
will say something like you know what
Putin I need you to stop intimidating
hashtag crane I mean Ukraine no honestly
he wouldn't he wouldn't actually stand
up for Ukraine ya know I mean his prep
like we already know that they have to
like say his name over and over to keep
him interested in the prep but now he
doesn't
he's given up on the trying to get
through the hard material like he's
gonna take a couple of bullet points and
then he honestly thinks that he can just
sit down with one Rutten and just shoot
the shit Thundra putinism come in there
with some extremely specific and
valuable concessions he's looking to get
in case you don't know Putin was and is
a KGB officer in KGB officers are
specialists at one thing seduction is
according to the former US ambassador to
Ukraine like he knows how to persuade
how to manipulate and especially how to
give him these little compliments that
he knows Donald Trump is going to want
god knows what a compliment to Donald
Trump can buy someone like a lot of our
Putin today so so Putin obviously not in
the KGB anywhere because the KGB doesn't
exist he now runs any functions running
that same role like it's not like he has
moved on in his life from his better
than that so to give you some concrete
examples so there's a dog example which
by the way if I was Merkel I would have
immediately told my assistant bring me
some snakes I'm not kidding bring me
three snakes I don't care if they're
poisonous or not poisonous I'll put it
right next to his mother effer
okay you gotta bring a dog all right
I'll bring a snake you Brits think I'll
bring a tiger we'll do it to Chicago
okay we still you're not gonna
intimidate me who the hell do you think
you are so getting pushed around by this
guy so but Putin has done it in both
ways he is sometimes he good Jose and I
hate the word that we're using the word
seduces anyway and in other ways he
intimidates him and sometimes he just
takes it as Cersei Lannister once said
you know what else is power power is
power so he was with the Robert Kraft
the guy who's the owner of the New
England Patriots he's like oh nice Super
Bowl ring can I see it and he's like oh
sure
Putin looks at him puts in his pocket
walks out it's now his Super Bowl ring
that's a true story confirmed by Robert
Kraft who is a trump supporting
Republican okay so Putin this is who he
is and yes he prepares meticulously and
works really hard and is going to try to
get things from us and he has a lot of
things to work with with Donald Trump
Trump thinks I've got this I already
read the tweet light sentences remember
that he wouldn't read his briefing so
they had to bring it down to a single
page with pictures on it not joking
those are sources inside the White House
that are saying that
and then now the pretty pictures aren't
enough a whole page is too much we're
down to tweet lengths that Putin bad guy
oh okay good and bad guy baby I don't
know he gives me stop maybe we could
just a couple of gifts maybe to
illustrate exactly what he should do but
yeah wrestling video do you see me like
the Undertaker so you get it he comes in
he's like the bad guy there's he's dark
and you know and Oh dark I get it right
bad guy it's dirty uses dirty tricks
it's like a street fight basically so if
you get a chair maybe something wrapped
in barbed wire you can use it now there
was some advice also given by a former
KGB officer as part of like the
resistance now and in Russia who said
Trump should become listen to all of
Putin's arguments and avoid making any
spontaneous decisions that is not his
strong suit Putin is going to be
charming as to him Trump is more
important than most of his closest
cronies the Kremlin depends on the
future relations with the USA they live
with Trump on their mind but he does
like making those spontaneous decisions
he can't he can't keep his own attention
for the span of a sentence so there's
two different things going on here
to summarize one is that even Trump and
I say even Trump advisers and aides but
actually especially Trump advisors and
aides who have to work with him every
day realize what a schmuck is like don't
let him improv anything because he will
bungle it so let's be really tightly
produced so that he can't say anything
stupid because he is that stupid we know
we work with him every day and we will
try to explain it to him in bite-size
sentences because the president is a
moron
and can't read past 140 characters right
so they know that the guys who work with
them these are not people who made it up
there these are sources inside the White
House okay so second part of this is
that guys you're wasting the guys at the
White House are did you pay fair to them
they're Republicans I don't like them I
got no love for them at all okay but
you're wasting your time because they
are actually if they sound like they are
earnest people trying to get whatever
they want and in their case it's
right-wing policy summit
I agree with is in favor of US interest
in some which I don't agree with it is a
bad idea but that's Trump he's gonna
give Putin what he wants cuz they
already made a deal so Trump will go
there and go oh okay
maybe we should lift the sanctions oh
boy did that out of improv no I got the
tweets wrong oops
I'm being fair to those Republicans who
work at the White House who I can't
stand you guys don't prop very very very
likely the overwhelming majority of you
have no idea what deal Trump might have
made with the Russia's already so you're
going in there like trying to explain to
him what US interests are he doesn't
give a damn about US interest I think
there's a damn about Trump interests so
all this is probably for show the
reality is Putin already played his
tricks
he didn't had before that election and
during the election so he doesn't have
to go in there and do any sort of master
manipulation when they meet in person
yeah that mission has already been
accomplished help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
