what is the best thing about working at
TYT so it's funny that you asked that
because a friend of mine who works for
Apple recently asked me the same
question and I would say the best part
of work about working for tu RT is the
fact that I can move quickly and any
ideas on the table for me it's really
important to be able to feel like I can
try anything
and experiment with any sort of strategy
and not have the layers of bureaucracy
which are coming more and more a button
Jack that's our demand but that's
interesting that it seems like that's
what you're talking about earlier about
when you were staring with you you just
had the freedom to try whatever you
wanted you weren't an employee we're
gonna work how were you going to stop
you if you wanted to and that I can
imagine you like getting in that flow
and just putting in the hours and hours
on the computer just trying to figure
out ways to promote this and get other
people what's another way well maybe I
can try that so I'm not going to be
later on about how to exploit whatever
system we're working but you're like a
hacker and every it's like a hacker in
that regard yeah interesting
I see what do you think is what is the
best thing about working if you IP for
you I think it's fun I I genuinely like
my job I and I feel incredibly fortunate
to have that what I mean by that is
actually like working at TYT in general
like I like the people here I like the
company culture I like all that but my
particular job I like that as well so my
job is you know the way I see it is I'm
the one that's responsible for making
sure we have enough money to pay people
there's a lot there's 75 people now a
lot of mouths to feed
so I have to figure out how to monetize
their content so but my job is hard
because unlike other jobs where you just
go and make as much money as you can
here I have some
restrictions on how to do that
