David Beckham found himself a little bit
of a controversy over the following
Instagram photo let's take a look
so that is him and his daughter Harper
they are kissing on the lips and some
people thought that was totally
inappropriate David Beckham decided to
address that on a Facebook live he said
quote I got actually criticized for
kissing my daughter on the lips the
other day I kiss all my kids on the lips
Brooklyn maybe not Brooklyn's 18 he
might find that a little bit strange but
I'm very affectionate with the kids it's
how I was brought up and Victoria it's
how we are with our children
so this provoked a conversation in the
Instagram comments which is always very
constructive but here are some two
conflicting theories on kissing your
kids on the lips one comes from dr.
Charlotte Resnick who is a child and
educational psychologist at the
California University of UCLA she said
if you start kissing your kids on the
lips when do you stop it gets very
confusing however child psychologist dr.
Fiona Martin disagreed saying it's
beautiful anything that promotes
emotional connectivity is good it's
certainly not inappropriate to kiss your
child now I do not have kids I have had
pets and I feel very comfortable with
kissing them even though it's not at all
the same so where do you guys land on at
kissing children on the lips is it okay
that David Beckham was called out is
there a controversy here it's better
than kissing other people's kids on the
lips agreed if I had to put it on a
spectrum right so Harper is five years
old
okay all right so first of all let's
acknowledge that all sides are carried
away yes okay so like the overreaction
from the people defending him it's
beautiful yeah
everybody's got different cultures and
some people kisses kiss their kids on
the lips and others don't I don't my
wife does sometimes and some people stop
at different ages some people kiss on
one cheek some people gets on to cheek
some people do three times right it's
none of that is right or wrong and now
to the people who are attacking which
are which is number one problem because
why why is this an issue because you
need to said David Beckham straight okay
she needs to be fixed when
is bent a little bit no I got it I just
didn't want to validate it with that I
agreed agreed that was the most correct
thing you've done but anyway I wanted to
answer dr. Resnick's question she says
you know as Grace told you like if you
start kissing on the your kids on the
lips where do you stop
tongue yeah right like it's not that
complicated or when you're like I should
stop doing this like you'll know and
moreover they'll tell you yeah you know
when I reached a certain point my
parents were always very affectionate
with me but I reached a certain point
I'd be like less like even like kisses
on the cheek you'll be like man I'm
going to school I don't want people to
see ya as someone who does not have
children I would say you know if you
should kiss your kids because you love
them in an appropriate parental way and
if you are overthinking it
then it's weird just yes when you feel
it and that you when you love them I
mean my mom will sometimes really now
it's really cute because I'm older but I
remember she always loves to hold my
hand with the fing fingers interlocked
we would be walking somewhere together
and that was so that was always fine and
then I reach the age of like 13 or 14
years like mom no like I'm an
independent person I know what I'm doing
and I'm gonna be a male forever like
don't hold my hand and now I'm older and
she'll sometimes grab my hands I mean
she's walking or visiting and I'm like
that's really sweet I think that if you
are overthinking the affection that you
give your kid like I'm doing this
because I will I love you like palnet
that's weird
right yes and do it cuz you feel it man
it's also like strange they yeah they're
commuting to the communicating to their
kids like I am your parent I love you
that's it and it's gotta be strange when
someone an outsider is like you people
you're weird and then the kids gonna be
like is this weird am I being taken
advantage of in this weird way and the
parents are like no I'll stop I don't
care I just you're my kiss get off their
ass it's really creepy yeah so I kiss my
kids on the cheek all the time
non-stop because I love am i it's crazy
right
so I to your point grace I hope my son's
hand as he crossed the street because
he's six years old we probably won't do
that when he's 17
right but you know it's but like its it
what how it it all is very cyclical
because I will see now like my
grandfather is 95 96 is he's older and
how he interacts with my dad now is
really sweet that is that my dad will
like take his arm if they're crossing
the street because he's an it so it
abscent flow is that it's natural and
normal to be affectionate from with kids
and parents and you should do it in a
way that makes you comfortable and them
comfortable and that you have this open
and honest relationship how is this a
thing Instagram that people are mad
about if you liked this video you love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network comm slash join
