so finally we had a bipartisan pill in
the Senate that made some sense
was to block the latest arms deal to
Saudi Arabia it's five hundred and ten
million dollars of precision guided
missiles they're using it in Yemen it's
a civil rights catastrophe their human
rights catastrophe and Yemen civilians
are being killed and and all the human
rights groups are speaking out against
it and we're the ones arming the Saudis
and great credit here not only to
Democrats like Chris Murphy who
co-sponsored it but also the Republicans
like Rand Paul who did in fact Murphy
says there's an important message to the
Saudis that we are all watching that and
if they continue to target civilians if
they continue to stop humanitarian aid
from getting into Yemen this vote will
continue to go into the wrong direction
for them so saying we should stop that
funding to send them a message so
there's a Democrat that makes sense now
let's go to the Republican Senator Paul
says we would stop this evil that's a
strong word by sending a loud message to
the president and a loud message to
Saudi Arabia that we are not going to
blindly support the arms race we are not
going to be blind to human rights
transgressions that makes a lot of sense
it's bipartisan we don't want to fund
things that are human rights violations
and and the Saudis don't pull that well
in the country anyway and we're
theoretically in a democracy so how did
the vote turn out you know where where
this is going right yeah no we lost 47
to 53 so why is joe Manchin's face on
this story as you see it next to me on
the graphic well it turns out that we
had enough votes if all the Democrats
voted with a couple of Republicans like
Rand Paul to stop us but as usual all
the Democrats did not stick together
just five Democrats voted to support the
sale senators Bill Nelson of Florida
Claire McCaskill of Missouri there is
Joe Manchin of West Virginia Mark Warner
of Virginia and Joe Donnelly of Indiana
while four Republicans voted against the
arms agreement if we it's 50 to 48 in
the Senate if those four Republicans
switch over you hold all the Democrats
you block the Saudi arms deal but five
Democrats said no when it matters when
there's a vote where we can make a
difference
ones where the republics are gonna win
anyway here the Republicans could have
actually lost imal Trump could have
actually lost Saudi Arabia and their
gross human rights violations in Yemen
could lost but joe Manchin was there to
stick up for Donald Trump he would not
have that loss we got to sell those
weapons no matter where they drop
congratulations those five Democrats so
his primary opponent of course incensed
about this that's Paula G and Swearengen
she's a justice Democrat he's showing us
he doesn't value human life in
Appalachia in America or other countries
people are dying in the streets and
starving in Yemen how does he sleep at
night West Virginians are tired of dying
and starving as a result of his poor
leadership - now that's strong language
from a strong candidate she continues
I'm not surprised because of his history
of voting in favor of President Trump
like a Republican damn one last one from
Paula G and Swearengen running a primary
against Joe Manchin senator Manchin
voting against the provision to stop the
sale and that tells me that senator
Manchin supports giving weapons to a
country that is known for harboring
terrorists the weapons could possibly
end up in the hands of terrorists well
that's a fair point given that 15 out of
the 19 hijackers were Saudis on 9/11 but
even past that even if you say oh no the
US government that flew out all those
Saudi officials a day after September
11th
genuinely believes the Saudis were not
in any way involved that's why we've
done nothing but help them since well
how do you counter the fact that we
there was a definitive report that the
insurgency the Sunni insurgency in Iraq
was funded by the Saudis they were
shooting at our boys over there okay
they killed our soldiers in Iraq the
IEDs etc funded by the Saudis that's the
report that came out during that
insurgency but nonetheless we keep
sending arms over to Saudi Arabia and
other al Qaeda affiliated groups by the
way so let me give Tulsi Gabbard
enormous credit here for starting a bill
that would actually very simple it's
called stop arming terrorist act is
anybody gonna vote against this and the
answer is probably yes
what we need is more co-sponsors for
this and we need more support for it so
go to now dot just a justice Democrats
dot-com slash petition slash SATA that
stop eating America's enemies don't
worry we'll have the link down below for
you guys so you guys can just click on
it read that whole message there and
understand that it makes no sense to
send these weapons to radical Sunni
extremists and call that some sort of
foreign policy strategy so should we
stop arming terrorists of course of
course we should
should we stop giving weapons to Saudi
Arabia that then used it for human
rights violations and God knows where
else those weapons go of course we
should but there are a number of
Democrats who tell you it's really
important to vote for corporate
Democrats because they could make the
difference in the Senate but yet
whenever they do make the difference
it's to help the Republicans and Donald
Trump if you like this video you'll love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network com /join
