growing outrage over president Trump's
angry tweets mocking TV host make
abortion ski Republican lawmakers say
President Donald Trump's recent tweets
referencing individual members of the
media are out of line obviously I don't
see that as an appropriate comment hold
on a minute so now you're outraged by
Trump's misogyny now he's going too far
was I the only one who heard him saying
this during the campaign that blood
coming out of her wherever or this
you've called women you don't like fat
pigs dogs slobs and disgusting animals
your Twitter account only Rosie
O'Donnell or this I moved in her like a
bitch I couldn't get there and she was
married this just started kissing them
it's like a magnet just I don't even
wear this grabbing by the pussy this
well not that but if I was a woman I'm
sure he put in his sleazy two cents on
that as well by the way follow me but I
don't recall many Republicans voicing
their outrage of any of these sexist
outbursts and even those who did say
something
none of these sexist comments cost him
their support during the campaign not
even Ted Cruz when Trump retweeted an
image that all but called Cruz's wife
ugly Donald you're a sniveling coward
and leave Heidi the hell alone and now
look at a per side pathetic Ted Cruz but
all of a sudden now a whole host of
Republican leaders feel it is their duty
as government officials to voice their
concerns well I don't buy it not for a
single second your morality is as deep
as a puddle in California I'm sure if
you were conscious yesterday you're
aware that Trump did Trump things to
pass the time before his next tee time
launch in foul insults at his latest
target MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski Trump
felt it was his presidential duty to
inform us that Mika was once bleeding
badly from a facelift when visiting the
White House I mean maril a ghost Jorge
potato potato and while these comments
are despicable
they are par for the course man these
golf jokes are just rolling off the
tongue today this is the same guy who
insinuated that megyn kelly was having
her period when she asked him a mildly
tough question who has rarely called
Rosie O'Donnell anything other than a
pig I'd look her right in that fat ugly
face of hers I'd say Rosie you're fired
and once said he would have liked to
date his own daughter I've said that if
he
go warm my daughter perhaps I'd be
dating her but now that he is supposed
to act
presidential his fellow conservatives
who preach Christianity as their North
Star have decided that they can no
longer tolerate Trump's misogyny and
felt it was their responsibility to tell
him that he was not living up to the
dignity of his office no shit he's not
he never has been and 99% of you have
been complicit in this
especially you Paul Ryan this small
meanness just oozes out of this guy's
face and I'm half expected him to tell
me my life matters to him
before he sells me an overpriced car
only for the steering gear to lockup
halfway down the road
the man's a creep but all of a sudden he
feels he has a moral standing to say
that Trump's tweets are not helping
what's next mr. Ryan you're gonna tell
me that Jeff sessions is not the perfect
guest at ice-cubes barbecue oh that we
shouldn't let Rudy Guiliani talk to
people anymore these are all things we
know mate things that you knew as well
which is why your fake outrage is so
hollow and he's not the only one after
spending months dismissing Trump's
grabbed him by the pussy comment as
simply locker room table and they've
never heard these horrible words before
or locker room talk yesterday Fox News
offered up some of their own phony
morality describing Trump's comments as
gross so Trump claiming to sexually
assault woman without them asking wasn't
enough for your voice you're outraged
but these tweets are now next-level
gross but the thing is these tweets were
gross most of his comments about women
have been gross the difference is we
already knew that most Republicans
however have either denied to
acknowledge this fact or dismissed it as
harmless but now that they have
controlled all branches of government
they suddenly feel it's their duty to
make sure the world knows that they
don't tolerate this type of misogyny
well you did in fact you promoted it so
save it you're just as gross follow me
on instagram at Francis M Maxon on
Twitter also at Francis M max we'll
share the video call out these
hypocrites continue to exist
you
