Paul Manafort will take a plea deal in
fact he is cooperating with Special
Counsel Robert Muller and this is right
before his second trial is set to begin
now we have done some pretty extensive
coverage on his first trial which did
result in eight convictions for fraud
and for failing to register as a foreign
agent and so we don't know exactly what
this plea deal contains at the moment we
don't know how he plans on cooperating
with Muller but what we do know so far
is that the deal is expected to be
announced in court tomorrow Friday and
it remains unclear whether Manta Ford
has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors
are simply conceding to a guilty plea
which would allow him to avoid the
stress and the expense of another trial
so if you are excited about this news
just hold because again we don't know if
this is just him saying all right I'm
guilty let's just get on with it or if
he's actually planning to really
cooperate in this special investigation
so you know you got killed convicted on
eight counts earlier so fact facing a
maximum eighty years but in reality he's
more likely to get about seven years why
do you know why I don't it's because
he's rich powerful cooperate at all I
mean usually that happens when you take
a plea deal don't shorten the sentence
he did not cooperate and he was
convicted of eight charges he's supposed
to get you know somewhere around 80
years he gets seven years I don't know
it just seems you know strange I kid
around because he's rich and power but
I'm barely kidding because if you're
poor and you were facing 80 years you
might get 70 so no you might get 80
right I get 80 you went to trial that's
right and so so the details of that are
a different situation than the news of
today
and but if he's actually facing only
about 70 and does a plea deal and on the
second set of charges and gets a couple
years more out of that he might actually
make it out alive
because the thought was he he by sea
sixty nine years old he might serve the
rest of his life in prison so that's why
he might have done the deal without
necessarily giving evidence on Trump
he's
not only four hours with prosecutors in
the deal that might or might not mean
anything four hours might seem like a
lot but if they were getting a ream of
information about collusion with Russia
would likely take longer but it might be
the first meeting and there might be
meetings afterwards so and we might be
able to tell them this is breaking right
now right as we're live on the air we
might be able to tell based on the
sweaty tweets that Trump's ends tonight
yeah no but yes you're absolutely right
about that but this is my analysis
speculation whatever you want to call it
this is my read of what's going on look
I think that if manna fort does have
dirt on Trump but decided no I'm not
gonna cooperate he's made that decision
because he knows that Trump has no
problem pardoning whomever he pleases
but that's if he has the power to pardon
people Trump has become even more
unhinged he's starting to lose even more
allies talks of impeachment have become
I guess more serious I mean especially
after the Woodward book and that
anonymous op-ed I think there's a
possibility that man affort sees this
situation as dire and realizes oh
there's a possibility that Trump might
not be able to pardon me well so that
cuts two ways he might have wanted to
take the plea deal right away so that he
can get a pardon right away well Trump
still in office so that's another
possibility look I wasn't convinced that
Manta Ford had anything on Trump in the
first place until Trump went ballistic
after his conviction and so that led me
to believe and started immediately
talking about a pardon part it could be
party could be pardoned now could be
pardoned later I could part him at any
time I want
yeah I was like okay he's got something
on him that's clear so whether he turned
that over today is unclear and and only
Muller and Manta fort know for now but
at least that chance has increased and
Anna's right it could be cut the other
way that if he thinks not only
impeachment but my god it turns out his
cabin is talking about the 25th
amendment
they might rule a mentally incompetent
two to be President and then he might be
thinking well oh well I don't have time
because Giuliani said hey after the
whole investigation Muller investigation
is over then we
I pardon them but Trump might not be in
office by then so it too hard to tell
right now the meetings are closed doors
but it is big news that he has the side
take a guilty plea here because it
certainly increases the chances that
he's cooperating with prosecutors and
giving them relevant information on the
go don't worry we've got you covered you
still listen to t YT at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
