a new report from Shayne Harris at The
Wall Street Journal indicates that there
is a very clear tie between Russian
hackers and Michael Flynn now of course
when stories like just come up people
roll their eyes because the Russia story
has been a slow and steady drip of some
evidence but nothing too clear or at
least clear enough however this report
does show a clear tie and I'm gonna walk
you through it now it has to do with
Peter W Smith he is a Republican
opposition researcher and apparently he
was very much in favor of getting his
hands on Hillary's emails and he was
under the assumption that Russian
hackers close to the Russian government
were likely to have those emails and so
he sprang into action
his project began over Labor Day weekend
of 2016 when mr. Smith a private equity
executive from Chicago active in
Republican politics said he assembled a
group of technology experts lawyers and
a russian-speaking investigator based in
Europe to acquire emails the group
theorized might have been stolen from
the private server mrs. Clinton used as
Secretary of State
The Wall Street Journal continues that
the operation mr. Smith described is
consistent with information that has
been examined by US investigators
probing Russian interference in the
elections now investigators have
examined reports from intelligence
agencies that describe Russian hackers
discussing how to obtain emails from
mrs. Clinton's server and then transmit
them to mr. Flynn via an intermediary
according to US officials with knowledge
of the intelligence now I'm gonna give
you exact details of how Flynn is
involved how this all worked out where
did the emails go who did they give them
to but before I do so I think it's
important for you to understand how the
Wall Street Journal got this information
now Shane Harris was interviewed by
Rachel Maddow last night on MSNBC and
here's what he had to say about how he
got his hands on this story take a look
my knowledge of what he was involved in
predated my first contact with him and
reached out to me and we had a
conversation about what he
was doing which was fairly extensive and
obviously is quoted in the story and it
was at that point that a when we suspend
that conversation that I continue doing
reporting and assumed in this case
perhaps incorrectly that I would have
the chance to go back and discuss this
further with Peter Smith but obviously
he died about ten days after I spoke
with him so it was on the record he
reached out to me he was in no way
ashamed of what he had done he was
actually quite proud of it and fervently
believed that these emails would
eventually surface he really believed
that he was at the end as he described
it he thought that he was at the nearly
the last chapter of a long saga and that
soon these emails would come to light
and that he would ultimately may be
vindicated in the in this quest that he
was on so to give you a little bit of
context who the hell is this guy he's
actually very rich he's a private equity
executive so he's been involved in
Republican politics for a long time not
as someone who was running but someone
who's financing the politics now if
you're a private equity executive you
might like some tax cuts so and and and
obviously is very energized about
attacking not just Democrats in general
but specifically with Clinton's back in
the 1990s he helped publicize the
Arkansas state trooper claims against
Bill Clinton and his tryst was with
other women
so he's been going after the Clintons
for a long time so when Hillary Clinton
talked about the vast right-wing
conspiracy that was true where there was
these guys like mr. Smith sitting there
financing all this stuff to attack the
Clintons behind the scenes because they
wanted more tax cuts and deregulation
etc so this guy's back and in his last
gasp before he dies if we were
right-wingers we'd have all sorts of
conspiracy theories on how he died okay
I mean he was in his 80s I I don't know
81 yeah there's no theories okay so
anyway he goes and brags to the Wall
Street Journal by the way I was trying
to get the deleted emails that Hillary
Clinton said were personal but I think
actually showed the darkest Oh state
troopers did do it whatever conspiracy
that they run yeah right yada so so
that's what how all this came about that
he's bragging about he's
about it to this reporter and keep in
mind that Harris had been digging around
for information about the Russia story
for a while and so Smith was aware of
that and went to him immediately now in
the interview at the journal mr. Smith
said he and his colleagues found five
groups of hackers who claimed to possess
mrs. Clinton's deleted emails including
two groups he determined were Russians
he said and this is an exact quote from
Peter Smith we knew the people who had
these were probably around the Russian
government mr. Smith said after vetting
batches of emails offered to him by
hacker groups last fall he couldn't be
sure enough of their authenticity to
leak them himself
he said we told all the groups to give
them to WikiLeaks
now WikiLeaks claims we didn't get those
emails we didn't publish those emails I
don't know what the truth is there but
that's what mr. Smith is alleging now in
conversations with members of his circle
and with others he tried to recruit help
or people to help him
the GOP operative Peter W Smith implied
that he was working with retired
lieutenant general Mike Flynn at the
time a senior adviser to then candidate
Donald Trump now Trump's camp is saying
well I mean if if Flynn was in cahoots
with Smith that was his right as a
private citizen to do so except he is a
campaign adviser he is working for the
Trump campaign and so when we have
discussions about collusion with Russia
this sounds like or looks like and
appears to be collusion with Russia and
just to be clear that that collusion
would be through a foreign government
hack an Americans email so that we can
get him and release soon I mean that's a
pretty sure that's a crime in one Smith
email reviewed by the journal intended
to entice outside experts to join his
work he offered to make introductions to
mr. Flynn's son Michael G Flynn who
worked as chief of staff in his father's
company mr. Smith's
email mentioned the son among a small
number of people or a small number of
other people he said said were helping
another recruiting email seen by the
journal included links to the websites
and
in profiles of people purportedly
working with the Smith team at the top
of that list was the name and website of
Flynn Intel which mr. Flint set up after
his 2014 firing his director of the
Defense Intelligence Agency guy son is
so incompetent I wouldn't be surprised
if like his son ended up playing a role
and whatever misfortune legal misfortune
befell 'he's the father if any so look I
think the leaked emails honestly to me
are the least interesting part of the
Russian story so you know I don't care
about the emails I mean oh no I know
hold on let's just sew it to Democrats
that's like the worst part of the story
like oh my god they leaked our emails to
damn russians I don't know that that's
even illegal I don't I mean if they if
they broke into your computers I guess
that's the illegal and you you can't
steal so yeah yeah all right so all
right and but what would a political
opponent use public email once there
once they're stolen then they're fair
game
yeah so and if that was the big scheme
like we're gonna break into Podesta's
computer and we're gonna leak these
emails
nobody's gonna that's that's gonna be
nothing that's a big nothing burger is
why I mean it I mean I disagree it was
not a nothing burger was a significant
factor in the campaign I mean I know but
they're not gonna get anybody on that
you're not gonna charge the president
with oh you liked that they broke into
Podesta's computer I don't think look I
think that there are Democrats who want
to impeach Trump and that's why they
harp on this Russia story in the Russia
story alone and I think that's a huge
miscalculation I think they should focus
you know they don't have to stop
focusing on this but they should focus
on other things as well but my aren't
might my concern is not about poor
Hillary or you know all the email I
don't care I think you guys know how I
felt about Hillary during the election
my concern is understanding if there
were foreign actors at play if there was
any type of collusion
with one campaign with foreign actors
right and if there was and it's proven
first of all there should be
consequences if it is completely proven
that the Trump campaign colluded with
Russia there's no question about that
but more importantly what are we gonna
do in the future to prevent this from
happening that's what I care about the
most
so to finish my thought the part I do
care about is if you've got this
Republican backer going and purposely
trying to get emails that he knows are
stolen so they're not public yet right
yeah he is going say and he thinks
according to his own admission that it
he he thinks there's a good chance the
Russian stole them and being a good
patriotic American he thinks oh good the
Russian stole something really important
from us let's help them publicize that
so then I'm gonna enlist Flynn who is
not your part of the campaign Mike Flynn
you don't get to say oh I did that as
part of the campaign all the illegal
stuff I did was as a private citizen
that's not how it works okay you're on
the Trump campaign unequivocally and
you're going and going to this rich
Republican and going can you find a way
to you know you know how you bribe
politicians all the time legally can you
go find a way to bribe people to give us
those stolen emails that the Russians
stole from us
not so that we can punish the he
remembered my clean you some of the
Defense Intelligence Agency he was
supposed to be the one checking in on
the Russians so but he says oh great the
Russians stole from us maybe let's go
get those they use it for our political
purposes that I do have a problem with
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you know one great thing about that that
means we're not accountable to anyone
but you guys that's why we're strong
together because we built the show
around you come build it even bigger and
better at TYT Network comm /join
