Kentucky has signed a law allowing
public state-funded schools to teach
courses on the Bible the the governor
Matt Bevin even participated in the bill
signing ceremony which opened with a
Christian prayer a little bit more about
this bill
state representative DJ Johnson said the
Bible really did set the foundation that
our founding fathers used to develop
documents like the Declaration of
Independence the Constitution the Bill
of Rights the class would be an elective
not a requirement for students and each
local school board has the option to
offer the class or not the ACLU believes
that the US Constitution's clause on the
separation of church and state is the
reason why this is not a go for them the
director Kate Miller says quote we want
to make sure that teachers can teach and
make sure that they don't go in to
preach though mr. Johnson noted that the
development of the course would not be
unconstitutional the State Department of
Education will be the agency helping
school districts develop the curriculum
the department like every state
education department in the country
receives federal government funds so
this bill goes into effect on June 30th
which is tomorrow and I want to get a
reaction from you guys what do you think
of this cuz I think it could be cool
what this is how I think it could be
cool as a Christian myself if they are
teaching about the history of the Bible
and what went into it in the time period
No
why is he talking about the curriculum
why why wouldn't you teach the Quran or
why wouldn't you another thing no other
religious texts are included in the bill
that's my issue with it but if there was
if there was a class on biblical text
and the historical context behind how
they were right that's not what they're
talking about though freaking Kentucky
so we know what their intentions are
okay taxpayer money is not supposed to
go toward endorsing a specific religion
that's essentially what they're doing
here and you want Bible study cool send
your kids to church so you can study the
Bible yeah they're a bunch of them I've
seen a bunch of churches even just on
the drive here this is so absurd
especially when you consider the fact
that the government is not supposed to
promote one particular religion they're
doing that here okay will this be
challenged in the trump era I don't know
specially with someone like Neil Gorsuch
in the Supreme Court would they even
roll the right way I don't know I mean I
have no hope and I'm no faith at this
point not no faith he knows how to
button it out yeah but like I just by
the way what if you're not your kids
aren't religious right what if you don't
believe in any religion your kids don't
practice a religion are they gonna be
required to take it's an elective okay
thanks but well that's where it starts
as an elective but would you guys be
cool with this if it was multiple
religious texts if it was a quarter
religious text you can learn about who
is writing it and I think the history
behind religions is always really
fascinated me sure so theology
theological history whatever okay I mean
sure but if they want from the Bible
like did you know we're having a
conversation about religion in in our
public schools can we maybe teach a
class about financial responsibility can
we teach a class about hey here's what
you can expect when you go to college
here's how you can make some a good
decision so you don't go in today we
actually teach some things that matter
instead of fantasy we're gonna teach
them about snakes that can talk and
guard your figs okay great ethics I'd
love to see an ethics class if you're
gonna get into the religious thing there
should be an ethics class in high school
life exactly I agree with that there are
a lot of other very noble classes and
electives that we could be looking into
I don't really think this is one of them
but all right Kentucky has spoken
Young Turks now has over 6 billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger than CNN ABC
you named a news network online we're
larger than them and you built all that
as everyone scoffed and didn't believe
and here we are guys thanks to you build
into meta media together with us at TYT
Network comm /join
