the opioid epidemic continues to ravage
communities throughout the country and
Ohio has certain communities that are
experiencing this problem at epic
proportions
now Middletown Ohio is one area where
people are dying of overdoses and of
course the community does have to spend
a ton of money in order to make sure
that they react with the proper medical
attention
now there's one City Council member from
this part of Ohio who does not agree
with the amount of money that's being
spent to save these individuals lives
Daniel Picard is his name and according
to him out of sheer frustration he came
up with a proposal that is inhumane to
say the least let me give you the
details he has proposed a three strikes
style policy for people who repeatedly
overdose too many overdoses and
authorities wouldn't send an ambulance
to resuscitate them okay
so let's hear from him and his exact
words he says it's not a proposal to
solve the drug problem my proposal is in
regard to the financial survivability of
our city if we're spending two million
this year and four million next year and
six million after that we're in trouble
we're gonna have to start laying off
we're going to have to raise taxes first
of all if your reaction to this is I
cost too much money to save lives so
we're just not gonna save lives go go
after yourself well then you shouldn't
be representing anyone okay III feel bad
that he was ever elected in any type of
political position luckily he is not
going to look for re-election because
he's crazy let me give you more details
I believe he's crazy okay before we get
to that and he has got more great quotes
coming up my favorites coming up but
think about that he said look if we
didn't if we have to go treat these
people and we save their lives we might
have to do things that are even more
drastic like raise taxes like change
like you heard the quote like for him
he's like what of course we're not gonna
raise taxes so what we have no choice
so some people will have to die in this
tree
because I don't want to pay a little bit
extra taxes man his brother Jean Loup
must be so embarrassed all right um by
the way just to quickly add to that this
is I mean if you're genuinely concerned
with the cost of these overdoses and how
much it cost to resuscitate these
individuals why don't you get to the
root of the problem and try to find
solutions there so instead of focusing
on you know criminalizing people you can
focus on rehabilitation so people don't
overdose and they aren't repeatedly
overdosing and seeking medical attention
I mean that could be a solution but
that's not a solution that lawmakers
immediately go to their solution is
immediately how can I turn my backs my
back on people who have voted me into
office and how can I do it faster right
and in his way it's like yeah just go
ahead and die anyway let me give you
more details he says an addict obviously
doesn't care much about his life but
he's expending he's expending a lot of
resources and we can't afford it
I want to send a message to the world
that if you don't want to come to
Middletown to overdose because someone
might not come with narcan to save your
life we need to put a fear about
overdosing in Middletown so again I feel
like his comments stem from a certain
level of ignorance and that ignorance is
this misunderstanding of why people are
addicted to drugs no one wakes up in the
morning and makes a decision to be
addicted to drugs right right now the
opioid epidemic is a huge problem in the
country not because people are like
awesome I'm gonna I'm gonna overdose on
opioids and then maybe I'll shoot up
some heroin and then maybe I'll do some
fentanyl no they do it because the
pharmaceutical companies have been
pushing for these insanely addictive
painkillers they've been over prescribed
people are incredibly addicted to them
and they're desperate it takes over
their bodies it takes over their minds
they lose absolute control they're not
in the right state of mind to make
choices that make sense which is why
they need rehabilitation we need
lawmakers that don't turn their backs on
the American people and just let them
die because they happen to be addicted
to drugs so very seriously should I'm
glad you're raging about it but
I can't help but be amused by some of
his comments first of all who comes to
Middletown to die it's like if you're
gonna come to Middletown to overdose
don't do it is that a thing like people
in Ohio's like where should we overdose
everybody come on guys to Middletown
okay but he continues he says if you
have a toothache and you call Middletown
we're not coming for your heart attack
we're not doing since on your bypass
okay you got a medical issue
do not go to Middletown who would go for
like oh I'm planning on have a heart
attack let's go two minutes who goes to
know tell me why you see that rescue
people with toothache so what did they
have new into opiate addiction this guy
just doesn't like other human beings
right but I think that he is a symptom
like this is this is the micro picture
right we're focusing on this one City
Councilmember who obviously has no
empathy for people who are suffering who
are addicted to drugs and who need help
but he is a symptom of a bigger problem
right and think about the number of
lawmakers right now who have that same
mindset right they might not be as
explicit about their disdain for humans
who need help but we have lawmakers in
office right now who are fighting tooth
and nail to essentially take away what
little health care coverage the American
people have right now because of the
Affordable Care Act so yeah I mean he
seems especially deplorable because he
is literally telling people we don't
want to save you if you're addicted to
these drugs you can go ahead and die but
I mean there are lawmakers that that
believe this on a larger scale you're
right and he's just a little he's not as
bright as them so he doesn't know how to
put it in the politically correct
language oh we're doing tax reform or
protecting Medicaid by slashing it etc
he just comes out and says you you got
twisted ankle don't go to Middletown
okay you got colon cancer don't come in
a middle
their new slogan is Middletown we will
let you die it's so sad alright so I
want to give you guys quick numbers on
the opioid epidemic in Ohio
apparently opioid related deaths in Ohio
jumped from 209
6 in 2003 to 2,590 and 2015 that's a
seven hundred seventy five percent jump
that is insane and so again this is not
a choice people make often times they
get prescribed drugs to cope with pain
related to surgeries or injuries and
they get addicted they get insanely
addicted to the point where they will do
anything to feel that high and we need
to do something about our drug policy
that makes sense we need to do something
about our justice system so we don't
criminalize people who are addicted to
these drugs and actually give them the
help that they need we just need to be
humans we talk about America first
America first should mean taking care of
our fellow Americans but we don't do
that we demonize the fellow Americans we
bury them we you know throw them under
the bus
there's no compassion no empathy here
whatsoever and I think that's the most
disappointing part of it of it
you got a stomach flu don't go in Milka
you can you put you dislocated your
shoulder do not come to middle okay I
agree but I got to tell you one more now
let me get serious for a second so look
the seven hundred seventy five percent
jumping Ohio that Anna just told you
about it is unreal in 12 years unreal in
Middletown itself I don't get my party
having food mistaken for saying that
it's not a real issue and just because
you have a terrible idea on how to
address that issue doesn't mean that we
should minimize that issue paramedics
made five hundred and ninety eight
overdose runs in 2017 that's a 300%
increase from last year I mean that
Middletown is only fifty thousand people
six hundred people overdosed already
this year
that's unbelievable and no they're not
going to Middletown to overdose okay
those overdoses are having and besides
which you say if you call three times
they're calling from a house how would
you know like why wouldn't they be
coming to Middletown and already have a
house anyway putting it out aside the
insane Picard from Middletown okay it is
an unreal issue it is when they say
epidemic opioid abuse it's very real
death rates amount among Americans rose
eight percent between 2010 and 2015
spurred by overdoses for the whole
country
the death rate went up 8% that's unreal
these numbers are all out of control and
then one last one for you guys we can
keep going but 33,000 people have done
it died in 2015 because of opioid
overdose so it just didn't come out of
nowhere
it wasn't like people woke up one
morning to Anna's point and decide Oh
heroin is a hell of a drug let's just
try that again
no it you know when they talk about
gateway drugs and they talk about
marijuana that is totally not true
there aren't studies backing up the
marijuana leads to heroin there are a
million studies and PolitiFact they
don't mean literally a million okay that
show you that you go from prescription
drugs to abusing prescription drugs to
heroin so and and a lot of people don't
die from the heroin they just die from
the prescription drugs it's the real
gateway drug but people made billions of
dollars off of it so they don't they are
financially incentive eyes to make sure
we don't solve the problem by the way
the number one political donors in the
country are not bankers are not oil
companies or defense contractors they're
drug companies so there are real drug
dealers in the country some of those
drugs are great and necessary and save
lives it's not a blanket statement and
it's not a black-and-white issue but
this is exactly why we need government
to protect us to have regulations the
cops protect us the firemen protect us
and regulations are there to protect us
so we don't have rampant
over-prescription of these drugs which
are very dangerous what do you get for
Young Turks membership it's a mystery
only one way to find out TYT Network
comm /join
