I want to do a quick announcement before
we get onto the stories because I think
it's important and I want to encourage
you guys to go alright so TYT will be at
politican this year the dates are July
29th and the 30th and I'm actually
extremely excited in the past when I've
done political events it's always been
panels last year I did that panel with a
number of anti Bernie Sanders people and
of course it was a lot of fun because I
was the only one on there that supported
Bernie but this year we're gonna be
debating people debates are gonna happen
can I just say if you missed Budokan
last year yeah that was a mistake
because in Anna's panel alone was worth
the price of admission because they the
they love balance they love to talk in
the press about balance right but all of
a sudden there was only one Bernie
Sanders supporter and Walla Walla
Hillary Clinton supporters okay
including a lot of the people you see on
TV and she mauled the entire crowd was
on your side but look it's not just that
you kicked ass it's not that just the
crowd was on your side it's that if the
crowd even if like it's unfair because
the crowd is all Bernie Sanders then
maybe you should have a couple of Bernie
Sanders panelists right but they didn't
need it cuz they had an ax well and it
was it was a fun discussion and I really
enjoyed it but this year is also gonna
be a lot of fun we're going to get
involved in a number of debates Genk who
are you debating oh boy here we go
buckle up everybody you asked for it
you're gonna get it
ben shapiro right where's have been
asking for quite some time come and see
all right and i will be debating Ann
Coulter Dan and versus Anna Anna versus
Ann it's gonna be fun I can't wait and
Hasan will also be there and he is also
debating someone who is a millennial who
is very much against Millennials like
that's his whole shtick so that should
be a lot of fun
great woke Bay versus sleepy Bay anyway
you guys can get your tickets by going
to politico.com slash tyt politico.com
slash tyt it takes place in Pasadena
California
we really hope to see you guys there so
definitely check it out if you're
watching this as a video on YouTube or
Facebook we'll have the link down below
for you guys
what's in TYT membership not gonna tell
you only one way to find out tea white
tea network.com /join
