president Trump has an idea he's like
well look if we can't get this thing
passed this health care plan passed in
the Senate well maybe we'll just let
Obamacare fail on its own now maybe he
doesn't realize it but that's just a
Republican talking point Obamacare is
not failing on its own and now it's far
more popular than the Republican
proposal but the knucklehead doesn't
know that it's a basically a talking
point ally whatever you want to call it
but Mitch McConnell knows it's the one
who came up with the darling points so
there's a new report out today from
Politico saying that Mitch McConnell is
giving an urgent warning to people in
Washington his own staffers and to the
Trump administration but it has two
parts the first part is what I was
alluding to there at Politico explains
failing to repeal the law would mean the
GOP would lose its opportunity to do a
partisan rewrite of the law that could
scale back Medicaid spending cut Obama
cares taxes and repeal a host of
industry mandates in other words that's
McConnell
telling the press so they could tell
Trump hey knucklehead remember this is
all about tax cuts for the rich and
deregulating the industry that has
legally bribed us so it's we're not
gonna sit around and wait let opaw
macare fail it's not even gonna happen
no the whole point of this has nothing
to do with health care so don't let it
put out this idea there that it'll fall
of its own accord no this is all about
tax cuts and it's about deregulation and
by the way cutting Medicaid by eight
hundred billion dollars they find this
to be a once-in-a-lifetime golden
opportunity to basically get all of
their donors wish list now the other
part of the warning I find even more
amusing and hypocritical a Republican
staffer saying that Mitch McConnell is
warning people quote if we fail we're
going to be negotiating with Chuck
Schumer so my god if the Republicans
don't do this completely on their own
then they'll have to negotiate with a
crowd react it would be bipartisan wait
a minute I seem to remember when Obama
was in office not only all the
Republicans but all the press who it has
to be bipartisan Obama you need that
beer summit it's got to be bipartisan
you know don't you dare pass it with
just Democrats
I'm sure the Republicans would love to
work with you of course none of the
Republicans voted for it
another Republicans were ever ever ever
going to vote for Obama kick isn't that
paid to vote for that okay so now we
told you that and I said if the
Republicans get their chance they would
immediately say they will never work
with the Democrats now there's a warning
warden we might have to work with what
Democrat under no conditions will we do
that so let's be fair though how about
Mitch McConnell himself is he being
hypocritical probably not I mean he's
the leader of the Republicans he's
probably careful I'm sure that he said
that back then that bipartisanship was
not at all needed so let's find out
let's go to a quote from back in 2010 on
McConnell he says in one of the most
divisive legislative debates in modern
history
Democrats decided to go to the partisan
route and blatantly ignore the will of
the people in other words when they were
in the minority the Democrats were
ignoring the well the people which was
bipartisanship I can't believe they went
exclusively partisan now he's warning oh
my god what if we don't do exclusively
partisan deal the hypocrisy is 100%
McConnell's like who cares what the
press gonna hold me accountable no I say
one lion then I say another life that's
I'm a politician and if that's not where
it ends by the way it's yet also at the
time if you remember the Democrats use
reconciliation and here's what Mitch
McConnell said about it at the time to
get the bill passed Democrats on Capitol
Hill are working behind the scenes that
a plan and are jamming this massive
health spending bill through Congress
against the clear wishes of an
unsuspecting public what they have in
mind is a last stage legislative sleight
of hand called reconciliation so Obama
sat around for six months let alone what
they were doing before
the bill was even introduced trying to
make sure that they didn't use
reconciliation oh should we or shouldn't
we or should we try to get the
Republicans they tell me I need ever
beer summit Republicans go to
reconciliation immediately and they warn
what if we don't have to what if we are
forced to use to actually get a deal
with the Democrats where we're not
allowed to use reconciliation no way
we're using it instantly back then
McConnell says sleight of hand it's a
dirty trick to use reconciliation well
why does it reporter read back this
quote to him and save Mitch McConnell
given these obvious hypocrisy
what would stop anyone from accusing you
of being a clear and bold-faced liar you
told us before reconciliation was
terrible now you're using it you said
before that you shouldn't do it behind
the scenes you crafted this bill in your
own office completely behind the scenes
sometimes didn't even involve other
Republicans much worse than what the
Democrats did and then you said
Obamacare was unpopular that's why we
shouldn't do it you know your proposal
is sitting at 29% disastrously unpopular
by your own logic we should immediately
stop it right Mitch McConnell did the
press asked him about this every single
day right every single press questions
about this because he's got to explain
this kind of hypocrisy where are you
press oh he said she said oh whoa but I
need access to the Republicans and one
more thing
McConnell said at the time in 2009
Americans are right to be stunned
because this bill is a mess and so was
the process that was used to get it over
the finish line
Americans are outraged outraged by the
last-minute closed-door sweetheart deals
that were made to gain the slimmest
margin for passage of a bill that's
about their health care so closed doors
Mitch McConnell literally shut his door
would not talk to the press certainly no
Democrats at all and didn't even talk to
most of the other Republicans as he
crafted that legislation all by himself
behind closed doors and then he talks
about how they pass it by the slimmest
of margins right now looks like the
Republicans might pass it
with a 50 votes a tie you want to talk
about the slimmest of margins we'll see
we'll see if they get 51 well the
maximum they're gonna get is 52 now all
of a sudden Mitch McConnell doesn't give
a damn about the slimmest of margins the
Democrats passed it with far more votes
and it was a far more popular bill than
the ones that Republicans have and by
the way one other thing Obama sat there
and listened to the press as they told
him you've got to work with Republicans
you gotta work with Republicans and we
told him it was horribly naive and by
the way in a best-case scenario unless
it was the you know the old democratic
trick of oh the Republicans twisted my
arm that's why I couldn't include a
public option that's why I had to go Lea
get only a quarter of a loaf etc but all
that time he sat there debating and
having summits and meeting after meeting
and McConnell they asked him about
meetings now he's like yeah we already
had enough meetings under Obama we're
done with this now we're gonna try to
jam it through well he was trying to jam
it through in just four days it looks
like now it's delayed a little bit and
they'll come back out of a fourth of
July holiday so in a couple of weeks and
they said when Obama did it in about a
year that he had that it wasn't enough
time almost everything McConnell says in
this context is a complete utter lie and
we just proved it to you with his own
quotes rest of the press where are you
where are you I know a Trump resists
Trump Trump Trump I'm with you Trump's a
bad guy you should resist them
and you should hold them accountable how
about holding accountable the other
politicians in Washington oh no but
those are good parts of the
establishment and we need access to them
call it like it is
and in this case wall-to-wall lies Young
Turks now has over 6 billion lifetime
views you know who did that you did that
we're now larger the CNN ABC you named a
news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
/join
